 Bula everyone this is Russell Brunson and welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I am messaging you guys from the beautiful in the Molly Resort in Fiji and I got some really cool on share with you guys
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so I am in
 Namali like I said which is actually Tony Robbins private resort here in Fiji
 He bought like 30 years ago and over the last 30 years has been developing it into what it is now
 And we've got done with a big huge master my meeting for everybody who is part of
 The mastermind.com launch and it was a top 10 affiliates got to come to here. So we had so much fun with
 Some amazing people
 It was obviously Tony Robbins and then grassy you'll see and you have Jenna Kuchar who's the number one affiliate
 Lewis howls
 Brian Delaney Nick Unsworth
 I'm gonna forget her name is right now that I'm on the spot, but anyway some amazing
 Marketers and home industry different industries and it was been really fun this last week master minding hangout them
 and now we are actually packed up and about to head out and
 As we're getting ready to leave I was just thinking about a lot of things now some of you guys know if you've been following me on Instagram or Facebook or everything anything
 I actually had a chance to come here ten years ago in fact. It's almost ten years ago to the day
 It was crazy and when we got here
 this time is kind of special we got here in the car drove up and when you come to Namali is all these
 Amazing fajines that come in the greet you and they sing to you and Tony was there
 So it's kind of cool Tony's are singing and gives all hugs and everything as we as we got here
 Which is really special and then they start taking us to our rooms. They said hey
 Clett and Russell you guys are in the boole house like what we're the boole house ten years ago, which was crazy
 We got to have a chance to come here with
 With our kids and I'll kind of tell you that story here a little bit more in a minute
 But we got the boole house and is walking through it was so cool
 So like oh my gosh, I remember being here a decade ago
 And and I remember I remember like there's a spot in the in the floor is like that's where I was the very first time
 That I emailed Dylan Jones who was one of the original co-founders and clickphones
 I'm like I emailed him there the very first time asked me if you want to do some design work for me
 And he said yes, and we like communicate while I'm sitting in that spot right there, which was ten years ago
 and it's
 Anyway, it's kind of crazy and so as
 Clett I were leaving you know getting ready to leave
 They were walking on the resort and kind of looking at stuff and talking about the last ten years and
 It's crazy because I Tony if you ever been to Tony event, he says a slot he says that
 Most of us as humans will underestimate
 Well, or seem to overestimate what we can do in a year
 but will underestimate what we can get done in a decade and
 I was talking to kleaded city think about this ten years ago. We were here. I was on top of the world
 I I thought I knew everything. I thought I was you know, I thought I was
 You know, I was definitely not the same rustlame now. I was more more impressed with myself
 I would definitely say and I remember being here and speaking and you know, I'm I'm 39 now
 Sort of in 29 years old so I'm 29 year old kid, you know at at Fiji speaking at Tony Robbins business mastery
 and I'm just thinking I'm on top of the world and
 and
 What's crazy those after we were there so we were here, you know, it was in summer ten years ago
 And then we went to date with destiny in December of that year my wife and I at the time we had about a hundred employees and you know
 Business was doing doing okay. Not great. We were making a lot of sales
 But the revenue was really really small with me back now
 and then in January that year like January I came from 19th or something so all of our merchant accounts got shut down and
 It was the first time that I had ever
 like had a had a real legitimate struggle and
 Everything got shut down and end taking us almost three years to recover from that so I was 10 years ago
 So next three right so seven years ago to set that many years to like recover from this thing
 We're like I owe the IRS a bunch of money
 I had all these debts and back taxes and like all like it was crazy and I'm not gonna go deep in that store
 So me as I've heard me tell before
 But it was a really dark scary time what for I've been hundred employees down to like
 Down to 20 down to like five and just trying to figure out like how in the world like keep the doors open
 How to keep paying the bills? How do we how do we survive?
 You know and it's crazy in in a matter of six months from being here in Fiji
 You have six months later. I lost almost everything and then and then again
 It took like three years to like get out of the hole get back on top
 You know have some success and in that journey of a three years is where I had a chance to meet Todd Dikerson
 Who's the co-founder of ClickFunnels and had chance to meet him and start working with him and again
 So he hasn't heard the story before him over too deep into it because
 just for time but
 You know he started working with us back when I had no money to even pay him and he started working for free
 You work for free for an entire year. So I was seven years ago, right?
 Maybe eight years or whatever that was seven or eight years ago and then a
 Little bit after that is when we had the different click funnels
 We spent a year building click funnels. Okay, and that was six years ago
 We had the different click funnels then five years ago click funnels launched in the last five years have been insane
 As you've probably seen in fact our five year click funnels birthday is next is a week from today actually in the day
 I'm recording this so one week will be our five-year birthdays in the last five years
 we've just been running like crazy and
 It's just crazies. I think about this like and because I'm back now in Fiji at the same spot and I'm thinking oh my gosh
 Last time I was here. I thought I had everything figured out a little than I know six months later my whole world would get flipped upside down
 My business would crash. I lose everything. I lose friends. I lose teammates
 I lose like everything I'd built that point that I thought was so impressive and so special was gone and then and
 Then the rebuild happened and it's crazy because as I was walking with kalet today on the beach talking about
 I started thinking I told her say isn't that interesting because back to me the robins quote
 I could always overestimate what we think we can do done in a year, right?
 Like I thought that, you know, a year from a unifygy like, I remember sitting in the,
 in the event and teaching my session and listening to everybody else's like, oh my gosh, like, you know,
 I'm gonna go from, I think I was about eight or nine million dollars a year at that point.
 I'm going from 8 million to 80 to 100, like I had these visions of what I was gonna do, right?
 And I thought, you know, next year to happen to be this number and I wasn't, right?
 In fact, I was the obstacle thing crashed and I lost, you know, almost everything.
 Um, and then, uh, but then I kept working, kept working, kept learning, kept growing, kept failing, kept trying,
 kept failing, kept failing, kept failing, kept failing, they had a little success and a little success and a little success
 and then built upon each other and first and built to the second, second to the third.
 And now over 10 year window, which literally is almost 10 years to the day, a 10 year window,
 um, I never would have guessed in a million years.
 We'd have a company that we should do over 150 million dollars in sales to share evaluations,
 pretty close to a billion dollars right now.
 Like I never would have found that was possible.
 Um, so I underestimated what I thought was possible in a decade.
 And now I'm here a decade later looking at it.
 And, um, and so I wanted to share that for a couple of reasons.
 Number one is just for myself to remember like, you know, I could go back home in six months now.
 I could lose everything.
 I could lose ClickFunnels again.
 I got to be okay with that because I have no idea what the Lord, you know, or what God or whatever you want to call it
 has in store for you.
 Like what are the lessons you need to learn to become who you need to become?
 Right?
 Like there's no way I could have became who I am today.
 Had I not had these struggles and trials, right?
 So it's kind of reminding myself of that.
 Number two is helping me and hopefully all of you guys realize that, you know, sometimes we're, we're trying to like,
 this business to start, I got to have a success.
 I need to make sure it's making money right away.
 I got to, you know, like we're always pushing, pushing, pushing to try and make it happen today.
 But it's like, look, just keep, you know, keep moving forward.
 Keep doing your thing.
 But realize that you, that all of us like what we think is possible in the years,
 probably not going to be possible.
 But what we think is possible in a decade, we can do so much more of that.
 But it comes to act down to like planning these consistency, you know, moving it forward,
 doing something, trying, moving forward, doing something, trying, moving forward.
 And that consistency is what gives you the ability to win 10 years from now.
 Everything, everything's changed.
 And so hopefully gives you guys some, some faith and some hope for those who are, who are struggling right now,
 who are, you know, have been working hard towards a goal in your six month or a year or two years in,
 you're not hitting where you want to be.
 Like it's okay.
 Like you're probably overestimating what's possible in the year, but you're underestimating what's possible in the decades.
 So keep moving forward.
 You have to put 10 years into this, 10 years in this business,
 into whatever you're pursuing, whatever you're going for in a decade from now,
 you'll be shocked at what's possible.
 And so I just thought it was kind of cool because I'm here, literally staying in the same place,
 literally at the same resort, same place, all these things 10 years later to have this like
 rare glimp, rare chance to look backwards and think, oh my gosh, like he was right.
 And here we are now on the other side of a decade.
 And it's pretty amazing.
 So I'm excited.
 I'm excited for myself.
 I'm excited for you.
 I'm excited for what's going to happen over the next 10 years of my life and my business.
 What's going to happen over the next 10 years of your life?
 How many, how many people's lives could you affect?
 Could you change in the next decade?
 If you keep pursuing what you're pursuing with the intensity you are right now and not slowing down,
 not giving up, if you knew that, if you knew that like, oh my gosh,
 it's not going to pay off this year, but in a decade, it's going to pay off a million times
 more than ever thought it was possible.
 If you knew that and you believe that, like what would you do differently?
 How would you act differently?
 How would you, how would you plan?
 How would you prepare?
 How would you move forward?
 What would you learn?
 What would you focus on if you were looking at a bigger picture, 10 year glimpse as opposed
 to a one year glimpse?
 And so that's kind of the reminder for me and also for you.
 And I hope this helps.
 And I hope that someday you guys have a chance to be sitting in Fiji here with me.
 And we can talk about it and be like, oh my gosh, Russell, you're right.
 I didn't listen to that podcast episode five years ago, eight years ago.
 And I didn't, you know, I was struggling.
 I didn't know what was going to happen.
 I had been trying this business or trying this thing and nothing was working.
 And now here I am a decade later.
 And oh my gosh, like you're right.
 You, I, I persevered past the past the year mark and then the three year mark and the
 five year mark.
 And we got it.
 Like, it's crazy.
 If I were to look back, if I were to look back even five years ago, five years ago,
 click phone on send launch.
 If I'd looked back five years ago and talked about Russell and been like, here are five
 years ago, you're in Fiji.
 Like, are you close to where you thought you were going to be?
 And I'd have been like, I was making way more money five years ago, right?
 I said, I'm way more success.
 Like I was on top of the world.
 I thought I had everything figured out.
 And, and I, and now five years later, I, I'm, I'm not gotten back to where I was at.
 Like what, what's wrong with me?
 What am I missing, right?
 But I was laying the foundation for something bigger and, and greater.
 And I didn't even know it at the time.
 A lot of things you don't, a lot of, understand or see to, to look backwards.
 Um, but anyway, I hope that gives you guys, um, some, uh, some, uh, believe in what's possible
 for you as well.
 So that said, we are going to be jumping on a plane.
 Uh, we've got like a little flight back to the main island here, Fiji, and then the 11
 hour flight back to the States.
 Um, and then we'll get home and go see our little kids, which I'm so excited for.
 And then we get back to it.
 Um, the traffic secrets book was submitted last week.
 So I got the edits back from the publisher today.
 So that means I get to kind of go through one last time before, um, before it's done.
 It's off my, off my, out of my hands.
 We're also this weekend going to be doing a live reading of traffic secrets, uh, which
 is, um, I'm really excited for, um, because, um, when I edited the doc on secrets and the
 traffic or the expert secrets book, um, before I like send the final one and I record the
 audio book and when I record the audio book, I found a whole bunch of like, it's like,
 like mistakes.
 I didn't notice when I was just editing, like reading it over and over again.
 So I was like, I don't have time to record audio books.
 So we're doing live recording.
 And anybody who's got to take it to fun hacking live has an option to kind of come to that
 and listen in.
 Um, that's happening this Thursday and Friday.
 So that means if you haven't got your tickets yet fun hacking live, now is the time.
 Go to fun hacking live.com.
 Um, also just kind of exciting thing.
 We've got some really fun plans.
 I, I, my brain's been spinning on, uh, some changes to this podcast to a bunch of other
 cool things.
 Um, that'll be coming out here in the near future.
 So I look forward to sharing listening to you as well.
 Um, but I want to thank you guys right now for being faithful subscribers and we're going
 to keep rewarding with more amazing cool stuff coming up here in the very near future.
 So that's the day she has for listening.
 I appreciate you all.
 If you enjoyed this episode, please take a snapshot of on your phone.
 Go to Instagram or Facebook.
 Um, tag me on it and use hashtag marketing secrets.
 That way I'll be able to see your thoughts and your comments on this episode.
 Uh, also, uh, if you're not subscribed now, go to iTunes.
 You can open the, the Apple podcast app on your phone.
 If you're using Apple and click on subscribe, make sure to subscribe to show that way you
 get all the notifications when the new shows come out.
 And with that said, I appreciate you guys.
 I will talk to you all soon.
 Bye everybody.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow
 our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
