 What's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. All right. I want to share with you
 guys something really cool, so
 Recently I did a training for people who were inside of my two common club eggs high-end coaching program and
 The training show really cool. I thought it'd be fun to share with you guys
 So I'm actually gonna break it up over the next five episodes
 There are five challenges that I gave them to do to be more successful inside their business. So
 That's kind of the game plan
 So each episode will cover one of the five challenges and this very first challenge is called simplify your business
 So we're in cute theme song and come back you guys have a chance to hear in behind the scenes of a private training
 I was doing with my two common club eggs high-end coaching students, and I hope you love it
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Whenever I go to event I always like try to do a lot ahead of time like this is my business model
 I know it is it's like I'm driving traffic to a landing page and then from here
 I'm up some people on the phone or I'm doing a webinar right you have a structure like what you're doing, right?
 And as all the speakers are coming in there giving you ideas the goal is not to make
 Oh, never mind
 I'm believing that rip it up and throw you know start something new in the next speaker you throw it away and stuff
 You know instead it's like listen every single speaker and listening to their model
 I'm like oh, that's really cool. I love how they're doing that and then be like oh that piece right there that one thing
 That person said that's something I can take and I can apply to my existing framework for this thing business
 I'm trying to do
 Okay, because if you're not careful you're gonna hear all I mean again with so many amazing speakers all men
 They're only taking how to do business if you're not careful
 You're gonna rip up and rewrite your business plan 20 times the next two days
 Which is not gonna help you and not gonna get you know momentum
 It's gonna be you add a momentum right so the goal
 This is to like is to to keep the frame or keep the business you're working on but then looking for like
 What's the piece of gold from each presentation right?
 I'm gonna be sharing these five different things and each of these things some some of you guys might like
 That one's up for me. That was not for me like oh that was the piece
 Like that's the piece of gold I needed I can add here
 I can apply to the framework that I've already built this can help me to speed up and help me get to the next spot faster
 Okay, and so that's the way I want you guys not looking at this week not I'm rewriting my business plan 20 20 times over
 It's I got 20 amazing people coming. What's the one piece of gold?
 I can take from each speaker that I can apply to the existing thing that I'm already working on to help amplify it
 And help give you back into momentum. Does that make sense?
 So that's kind of the goal so with that said I'm gonna jump into
 Five different things I kind of wanted to go through with you guys and I think they're fun. I'm excited for it
 So all right so the first thing so again, I got a bunch of just just things
 So my first thing I want to I want to put out there for everybody is the thought process of how can I simplify my business?
 How can I simplify my funnels?
 last year we did an affiliate retreat some our top affiliates came and they came to to Boise and then
 Dave and the miles never took them out to McCall when they did water skiing and everything and
 Before they all went out to have the big parties because I wasn't invited to the party
 I'm just gonna probably invite it. I just wasn't able to go but
 Before they all went I sat down for like an hour with everybody and it kind of asked everyone about their businesses and got you know
 I never asked me some feedback on their stuff
 And I remember one of the people who was there her name is Alex she she asked me like the biggest advice
 I can ask the questions on her business and really quick
 I found out that basically she had like I don't know a half a dozen or more funnels that she was she has your job traffic to
 She's trying to do all these different things and I said man my biggest my biggest piece of advice for you right now
 Is to simplify everything I said pick the one
 Funnel that you like the most and delete the rest like this should not be something where we're driving traffic to six or eight or ten
 Different offers if you are it gets very very difficult. It's hard to like focus all your efforts
 I think a lot of people see my business and like oh Russell you've got eight offers. I'm like yeah, I have 400 employees
 You know I mean like we're doing
 You know ten fifteen million dollars a month like like
 Don't necessarily model me because we've got more staff and research like when you get the point where you're trying to go for the billion dollar
 You know company like then look at me
 But like right now what most she has trying to get from zeros to a million million to ten and ten to a hundred like
 So in the in those windows like the the thing that's going to drive you is like simplicity one funnel
 And what's crazy is them as I'm doing this book launch Alex actually I had a chance to
 She interviewed me on her thing
 And she said she said man the biggest thing that grew my business the last year is when you were we're in Boise
 And you said I need to kill
 All my funnels, but one she's like I was I left like all stressed out cuz I love all these funnels
 I put so much time and energy but I thought you know everyone says do what Russell says
 So I'm gonna do it Russell says and she's like I killed all these babies and I kept one
 She's like because of that all my focus is on one my ad dollars my
 Promotions my content everything's focused on one thing and because of that it grows
 It's grown and so I want to I want to challenge you guys today again
 This comes back to this whole like over the next 20, you know 20 speakers don't try to reinvent 20 for business models
 It's simplifying the one you have to figure out the nuggets of gold you can apply to it
 Okay, so I'm gonna show you guys if I was to start of right now
 Like the most simple model on earth and this is all I would do if it was me and I'm trying to make you know
 A million to ten million dollar your company. I would do this. Okay, and I'm sure you've been settled like as Ben is the most consistent simple
 Business model I've ever seen and it's like is exactly I would do so
 Ben has got one product
 It's this any sense that you know last couple years to develop a couple other ones
 But the reality all those other products are are are
 So he publishes a monthly newsletter
 97 bucks a month you get a physical print newsletter in the mail every single month
 That's kind of his business model is and
 If you see he sells other things all he's done is over the last like 10 years
 He's been publishing this newsletter. You'll be like what are all the newsletters on this topic?
 You know take like 30 issues and he puts him but the others like oh here's my new product and it's literally just
 Just his issues that are grouped together based on topic
 So he only has one thing he does every month threats newsletter he sells this 97 bucks a month and
 That's it right and then he's got a squeeze page and squeeze page is basically come here
 Give me your email address and then and then I'm gonna sell you my newsletter
 Right so people come here they go to Ben settle calm
 But put the email address in and then he has his one product he sells
 Basically what he does is he sends out an email every single day selling his one product. That's it
 That's his business for the 10 years. I've known him. I'm on his email list
 I can email every day sometimes twice a day and all he does is he proceeds one thing and that's his newsletter
 That's it. That's the business model simple easy
 Million dollar year business right there one product and he sends an email day so you come in and like here it is
 I was just pulling this today. I took a screenshot show you guys like
 March 11th, there's an email March 11th or two emails March 10th or three emails March night
 There were two emails March 8th my birthday. There were two emails March 7th
 There's an image and just consistently consistently right so his whole business model is get people to kind of ice squeeze page
 They give me the email address email every single day to tell them to buy my one product
 You know, but Russell what if they already bought the product then what do I email like the same thing?
 Okay, because guess what it does it gets people to stick
 It's funny like the biggest growth I had in my business
 Was five or six years ago when we decided like we were gonna focus a hundred percent efforts on clickfunnels and
 Prior to that. Mostly has probably didn't come into my universe prior to that
 But if you would have looked at it before we had so many different offers are all over the place like something so in this and this and this and
 Sort of emailing my list. I'm like, I don't know I'll promote this today and then this and they're all sorts of random things
 Right and we said, okay, we're gonna sell click funnels and everything's focused on this one thing one product one service
 Then everything grew for us, right?
 And even now if you look at my my business like we have friend and funnels like the books and things like that
 But the only goal is to combine the book is even a click phone
 So everything leads to this one road
 And so the business model could be as simple as a squeeze page get some email to opt in and then a print newsletter or a webinar or a
 Member should I just one thing right or my high-end coaching whatever the one thing is and then everyday email about it
 And even if they bought it you still email them every single day because it's it increases their likelihood of sticking right?
 They're seeing another promotion. It's like I did buy I remember buying that that was a good, you know a good thing
 I bought it's a good reminder. It's a stick strategy
 every single
 Probably probably three or four times a year someone on my marketing team will come back like Russell
 We need to make use all the action X complex features where people that already bought this it pulls down
 They don't see any more message about this and that like no stop trying to be so technical and geeky
 Like I don't care if something about the book and they get 15 other emails about the book is guess what now
 They're more likely to actually read the book because I keep selling them on like you know selling them on buying
 It's one thing that's selling them on actually consuming it is another thing something to keep telling about and telling about and telling about it
 I don't care if they bought it five times
 You know I like I'm on them keep getting and they got it and they've read it
 I want them to keep reminding like oh yeah
 Like that book was good and you go back and read it again. Let me reference that thing right?
 So don't think that like even though action ethics and every email I respond as always complex features
 We can like after someone's done this pull mouse. They never see the emails again like that's not necessarily good
 Right simplify keeping simple during fun blocking live after Garrett White has presentation made this really cool moment behind
 Backstage and I would love to like
 In fact we did record I skid the recording of it, but he told me he's like he's like a year ago
 My he's like my technical marketing team just you know convinced us to move off of action edicts
 so we can move to I can't remember what the other one was something else because because that we could do all these more
 complex things and more split testing and if they bought this and like hit this hole in this huge map and
 He's like a year ago. They convinced me to do that and
 And it was funny because I had tried to convince Todd to let us use more complex email software too
 Because I was like we could use it you know all these we get so much more complex and so much
 You know better if we did this and Todd laughed
 He's like dude Russell me having to finish the fall up sequence like one like you're trying to get more complex
 You only have a simple basic one right now and we told Garrett that Garrett's like you know
 What's funny is like in the last year working on this super hyper amazing sequence?
 It's gonna do a million things
 He's like because that we've never sent an email out to our list during that time because you bought the complexity now
 So complex we never actually use it and he's like I'm going home
 We're canceling everything moving back and we're skinned back to the simple like send an email every single day and like that's like I
 Don't know that there's so many tools that create complexity
 And I think that's what's keeping most of us from what we want to be so strip complexity
 And I don't care if you use the action extra active campaign or a where it doesn't matter
 But just simple like Ben's model is simple. He doesn't stress out he spends every every day spends 15 minutes writing
 You know sends it out sells one product and that's it and once a month he writes credit newsletter
 That's the business and you guys written like eight zombie novels since I've known it because he's got nothing else to do
 All day other than write a 20 minute email sending email to the once a month newsletter he publishes and and then he writes
 zombie novels all day like that's it so simplify like how can we simplify our businesses I quit overcome complexing him
 You know we can do that our company now like let's pull things back. Let's simplify it simplify
 I think some of you guys made me told a story out. I went
 This is probably I don't know maybe a year ago I went to John and obviously I'm obsessed with funnels right I'm like John
 Okay, in a perfect world
 how many funnels you want from the funnel team that we can give you the traffic team to go mark and drive traffic to and
 and
 I was like, you know hoping you say, you know one a week or you know two a week whatever and he's like
 He's like - am I okay?
 Like was that two a week two a week two a month to a day like you let me know we will we would do it
 He's like no like to total like that's all we need like I don't need more more funnels
 He's like in fact if you stop making funnels, we'll be completely fine. He's like well. We're good enough
 We just need you guys focusing more on getting traffic in the funnels we have as we told me
 I was like, oh, I remember Brandon and Kayla Pullen came to our to our office in Boise
 And I was like showing everything like this is our funnel building team
 And there's like four or five people and he's like what do they do about that?
 I'm like go to funnels. He's like you guys still go funnels like yeah, dude like that's what we do
 And he's like huh he's like we built the funnel three years ago and we just keep driving more traffic to it and I was like
 huh
 There's the ahah, right? Yes, huh Brandon Kayla on stage getting the two common club C award with one funnel
 So simplicity simplify things don't comp go making more complex. Okay, so many of you guys are more complex things
 I'm the same way like because I love the creativity of the creating focus your creates creativity on new creative to get people into the one funnel
 You're focusing on like that's the that's the shift in mindset. Okay, so number one simplify look at lead magnet email daily core office
 Here's Ben's people opt in
 He tells him his newsletter and he sends an email every single day about the newsletter
 Yeah, I don't want this is kind of something we've been talking a lot over the last couple years about publishing daily
 I think some people stress out about like I don't know how to do it
 I'm not gonna be able to do it. I want to simplify it again. Okay, look how Ben settle does it. Okay?
 He sends out an email every single day
 Here's a snapshot of just since February 23rd
 Like literally every single day so sends an email every day and they takes that same email
 He goes to his blog and he posts it copy and paste it to the blog
 Now he's posting a blog post every single day email a day blog post a it's the same thing word-for-word copy and paste
 But he's publishing every day. So if you know like if my publishing every day
 I send an email to my list every day. I know that I'm gonna write a login send email to my list
 I'm gonna copy the email. I'm gonna post on my blog and boom now. I'm done
 Okay, so it's it's not I think so many times we get so scared about the publishing every day
 I think how am I gonna do it like it it can it should be more more simple
 Okay, all right. So the first challenge I have for you guys
 I got five challenges today challenge number one
 I want you to look at like the funnels you're creating the funnels you're working on the business model you have
 You think like how can I simplify this?
 How can I make it where I can do the entire business in one hour and quarantine and you'll play with my kids the rest of the day
 Right, how can I simplify my business? That's the first challenge for you guys. Okay challenge accepted. Yes, I'll do that
 We have decided to do it again. Yes earlier this year
 We did our first ever virtual conference called two comical live
 We over 5,000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing
 So because of that we've decided to do the virtual event just one more time
 And I wanted to invite you and your family to attend for free. This is how it works first
 You can get your ticket at www.2comicalublive.com
 You're gonna put in your credit card
 But we're not gonna charge you anything then you can attend the full three days and learn everything you can for me and from other
 Two-comical winners and then after the event decide if it's worth it if it's not let us know and you won't pay anything
 But if you love it and I'm sure you will then you'll get built after the event is over
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the two-comical club
 So go and get your tickets right now before they are gone go to www.2comicalublive.com
 Yes, that's www.tw o c o m a c l u b l i v e.com
 2comicalublive.com
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
