 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson welcome to the last and final challenge that I made to my two comic club X coaching members
 That now I'm making to you as well
 Hopefully you enjoyed the last four episodes
 This is the last in the series and this is challenge number five
 Which is called testing the new control and I hope that you guys get a lot of value from this
 I hope you enjoyed the series and hope you enjoyed listening in behind scenes for a special presentation
 They gave to just my two comic club X high and coaching members with that said I'm cute theme song
 We come back to us have a chance to listen in to the last challenge testing the new control
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 I got one last thing cool thing to show with you guys. Yeah, how many get stops launched the traffic stickers book
 He didn't then that's really weird because like literally that's what I've talked about for the last like month on eight billion interviews
 so
 When I was writing a traffic seekers book half the time I was writing I was thinking about like the funnel for it because that's what I do
 And I'm happy to report back that the new funnel is out converting every funnel
 I've done in the past and there's some very specific reasons why that I believe and
 And so we did that not only we did that we went back and we redid the dot-com seekers the experts seekers and put those live
 They're real five as well. We haven't started there's some ads for any two man
 I'm sorry promoting but just the ads hitting right now with more than double of the average cart value
 Just by making these tweaks these changes and so for us in our business, whatever we're we're creating something
 I always have a control so control is the last the the current best thing we have right now
 And we're always trying to beat the control and figure it out
 For the last couple of years the control for all of our book funnels have been the same you guys know I'll notice them
 They were like usually dark background video
 Two-step order from right hand side and I got was control and I know it gets the mic control
 We tried to beat it for a long time when we hadn't been able to
 And it's funny because I've seen like most people on a community have copied it and they've used it over and over and over again
 and so
 For me, I was like I want to figure out like an incremental change
 I spend a year while writing this book researching for the book funnels
 I'm like what good is a book if you're on the best book fun
 What could happen the best book in the world feeling this book funnel?
 And so I spent a lot of time geeking out on this some really unique interesting things. I did we did as a team
 I want to show you guys
 And and hopefully helps just just give you guys some ideas as things you can test
 But I'm gonna show you guys our control and like again you guys can can can test this versus whatever version you're doing
 Kept so I'm gonna show you I'm actually gonna go into the funnel real quick to show you what we did and why
 And some of these things are like are like hacky things and it's worth figuring out hack them
 We had Jamie Smith. I think most things you use the hack you put in the CF Pro tools
 So you can you can pay him for some of these hacks
 I don't know how that all works or he get I don't know how he gets him or sells them
 But these are the little tweaks and things we made
 That summer it click fells on the box
 Then you need to use a CF Pro tools, but they're all easy to do any technical person can can do them
 I can't do them, but you can hire any any person who's one step more technical than me or you and they can do it really easily
 Okay, so you're here are the the changes for the control number one. Do you notice?
 It's very white
 All in the past my book fun is always very dark background with white text
 mostly because I thought it was really cool and if I like you live I sit behind stage with Kern and
 Current asked me said how come you do all your backgrounds black?
 I was like cuz it looks really cool
 He's like you know that David Ogleby and Ogleby and Co have spent over a billion dollars
 Split testing white on black and black and white and in no circumstances ever did did black background with white text ever
 whenever in the history of marketing as we know it is like I assume that you've been split testing
 It's like crazy and you figured out like that was the the big secret that having black and white was like this new thing and
 I think please tell me you split test them like no and he's like he's like literally your entire community has ripped it off and
 Everyone's doing it and it's like if they just switched from black to white it would increase their conversion
 And so when I found something to be Ogleby studies things like that and I was like oh my gosh like I never test that
 I just love the design so we created these ones
 I told our guys
 I was like we have to design and even though like a lot of our messaging is kind of dark and mysterious like it has to be on a white
 Background and so if you notice white background black headline
 So that's that's one thing I'd recommend number two
 you notice that
 All my funnels in the past were always two column and this funnel is only one column
 Okay, the reason why the majority of traffic today is coming is coming mobile
 And so we used to always design to desktop and then we mobile optimized
 We're now we designed for mobile and then made the desktop version mobile as well
 So if you look at this it looks the same on mobile as it is desktop. It's one column everything centered down the middle
 There are no two column anything
 Okay, and we've seen a big lift from that as well. This includes the upsell pages down so I made everything
 It's just one column. So nothing's got to snap into into order. It's always in order
 Because the majority of people are coming so we are now moving forward designing everything for mobile
 And I've learned about desktop. Okay, because more people are coming mobile to desktop
 So what that means is your design at least for us is shifting from two column to one
 Everything's one column because that also you notice in the past we always had the video in the order form on the side
 Now the order form is inside pop-up, so I want to keep everything in column
 Okay, in fact we had one offer back in the day that had it
 The order from in the pop-up and I ran anyway as I was like contemplating it says like in it was a fact
 It's over. I think still there perfect
 of an R
 Secret stock. I was an old old old funnel, but
 Yeah, there's the only one we put the pop-up inside. So I had our guys run stats and it turned out
 This having the the order from in pop-up versus having it side by side this version even though it's ugly and like old
 Beat out all of it. We never even look to those numbers
 But like people have thought step one and people have finished a step to
 Having an in pop-up in line like this beat out this one beat out all three
 All three to the book funnels we had where we had side by side
 So anyway little thing
 Pot or form inside the pop-up. Next thing. This is Jamie Smith cat smith hat videos. You should auto play
 I love that now they don't and the we use whiskey
 It's really cool where you could like go and watch a video and it would like
 It would like it would like loop like this and you could play would start over
 Which season only did it wish you so insanely expensive or wish to it was like getting the big 40-50 thousand dollars a month
 It was just like this is insanity. So we switched everything to Vimeo
 And the video doesn't it doesn't do that cool thing that the whiskey it does and so Jamie Smith made a little hack on here
 So now if you look at that you come here starts playing the video with no audio
 And if you click on this though
 It doesn't because the ones that work out the box and you click on it starts playing the video right where you're at
 It's like you they miss the whole self pitch, right?
 They like if I click right here you missed the most important part of my message
 Which is the beginning so way this little script works is you click on it and boom it pops the video back to the very beginning
 So you get your full-sells message
 Okay, and so that's kind of that's kind of another thing there. Okay, so this is the core things we've got
 mobile white background video auto play
 Order form and pop up those are all the core new things on our control. Oh the other thing
 this was just like
 It does work and click buttons by default, but
 Jamie Smith was another Jill Jamie Smith cat Smith hack. I think you can get with C.F. Pro tools that having dual order form bumps
 I never done before
 We did or for right now we're getting about 35 36% of people taking the audio book and 10% of people are saying yes to the $97
 Order form up, which is insane like that's higher than when we have up some one is 97 bucks
 We would get like I don't forward 8% where you 10% take it here
 And it's it's it's like a whole note up so we snuck in there
 And it's it's made our like our average cart value
 We're 30,000 plus books sold in and we're still like in a $60 average cart value
 That's with half of our funnel hackers buying 18 copies of the book because of buying for everybody's bonuses and not buying the upsells
 Even with that our cart value is the high like again. It's 60 65 bucks or some 63 65 bucks last I checked
 And it's because these little things like this right a second order form bump just free cash sitting there use grab it and it's insanity. Okay
 I'll show you a couple of books pages in the funnel. Okay, so then oh, Tio number one
 Again, notice mobile optimized video player the same thing we come back down
 And then we have the offer but then check this out
 This is the offer they added and then we added an order form bump here in the episode which we've never done that before either
 it's order form bump
 excuse me and
 Both these are doing
 Excuse me both these are doing amazing as well. So order form bump to get no small optimize
 video player same way and then order form bump on an OTO who's never seen order form up on an OTO before
 Ah, we've never done before Jamie Smith. I love that man. He was like hey, do you want to order for a bump on your to
 I'm like you can do that. He's like well not by default, but we can we can you know, we have tools to do that and it's like
 Boom free money again one upsell turns into three without annoying people like every page you have
 Every new page in the in the funnel will annoy new percentage of people and they'll drop off
 And so for me I have this rule. It's like we have sales page and two upsells
 That's that's what I have like I have it. I mean, that's
 Russell right all my photos are our sales page up. So what upsell to think you page like all my funnels are four pages
 Like that's it right very simple like I don't want to go deeper than if I go deeper than you start offending people
 They call it upsell hell you getting this upsell hell with like 5000
 Uh, you know, that's a lot of people like it annoys people
 So I don't like having more pages than four but if I can slide more offers in in a way that doesn't annoy people
 Yes, all they learn so we did that and then um funnel lyrics is our second OTO
 Uh, which has pushes people to this
 Boom and same thing notice mobile optimized coming down video player and then um
 Then same thing with the core offer
 And then it's also um the uh the uh upsell buck too. So which is also doing good and then we take the make you page
 Which basically makes them for buying
 Tells them they're the coolest in the world because they are gives an access to downloads and from here we're pushing the clickfunnels trial
 And then here we also push them to the marketing secrets app where they can get there and now I can text people
 I'm getting people on textless as well as like a text and stuff
 Um, so that's the funnel and that's the control so again, we went back now here's the dot com secrets book. Yes. We did
 We I like hey, there's new control go back to all pages. Let's update with the control
 So that boom all the elements are here as well looks very similar different message, but the control works
 Now i'm all free guys by the way i'm all free is modeling this don't copy it like it
 Gives me crazy like how many people's book phone looked identical to expert secrets they have like a
 Purple book and they're using the same color scheme like don't like
 Show your designer like this is russles. I want something similar don't go in like
 Uh, i'm gonna use russles bullet points. I'm gonna use russ like
 Like look at it as a model and then and then make your versions of it right? Um, anyway, I hope that makes sense
 um
 Yeah, like use your color scheme use your headlines use your things like like be creative
 But like it's it's those little things i'm talking about right?
 It's it's understanding the four or five things i kind of showed you guys
 So my last challenge for you guys today is to
 Test the new control take whatever fun we have right now
 It's working the best in your business and make you control some of these elements centered mobile optimized
 Uh order form inside of pop up multiple adding order form like like do that and then a B split test your current one versus the new one
 And then see which one wins. I appreciate you guys. Um, I had so much fun
 I wish I could do this like all day every day. This is like, uh really cool
 But um, I appreciate it. Let me jump on here. Hopefully it gives the skidgy guys just some ideas and some some things to think about
 We have decided to do it again. Yes earlier this year. We did our first ever virtual conference called two comical live
 We have over 5 000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing
 So because of that we've decided to do the virtual event just one more time
 And I want to invite you and your family to attend for free. This is how it works
 First you can get your ticket at www.2comicalublive.com
 You're gonna put in your credit card, but we're not going to charge you anything
 Then you can attend the full three days and learn everything you can for me and from other two comical winners
 And then after the event decide if it's worth it if it's not let us know and you won't pay anything
 But if you love it and i'm sure you will then you'll get built after the event is over
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the two comical club
 So go and get your tickets right now before they are gone go to www.2comicalublive.com
 Yes, that's www.twocomma
 Club.com 2comicalublive.com
 .
