 What's up, everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 I hope you guys enjoyed the first challenge yesterday. This is challenge number two that I made to all my two
 comic club ex-hion coaching members. And this second challenge is called "Publishing Daily for your existing audience."
 So I'm going to... a cute theme song and come back. You also have a chance to listen in behind the scenes
 to a presentation that I gave to just my two comic club ex-hion coaching members.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital
 for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services
 and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 [music]
 Okay, so now I'm going to walk through a camera. I'm publishing every day to my existing audience.
 Okay? And you guys have probably been watching me do this. So what I've been doing is I've been going live on Facebook.
 Okay? And I want you to understand the the psychology behind this, right? I think so many times we're like,
 I'm so in this thing, I don't want to share my best secrets. I don't want to give everything because like,
 then they're not going to buy. And what's interesting is like the exact opposite is true, right?
 And so I've been doing right now is during this book launches every single day,
 I've been going through and reading a chapter of the book because I don't want them to have
 the phrase I was using, I'm trying to make these videos useful but incomplete, right?
 So it's like, oh man, that was really, really useful. But man, I need to get the book because I need the full picture, right?
 Useful but incomplete. And so each day I'm going live on my cake. Today we're talking about chapter number one.
 I tell the story about it. I share something amazing. And then at the beginning and the end, I do a call to action, right?
 Because what's nice about when I'm doing a Facebook live about my product, I can make, hey guys, today we're talking about this product because it's a little awesome, you're going to love it.
 And if you don't have any copy yet, go to traffic seekers.com, get your free copy. It's going to be awesome, right?
 And then I keep saying I'm going to talk about chapter number three. So chapter number three is this.
 And like, oh, page 71, it's so cool. Check out like 71, we're talking about it. And I tell some stories and I'm super, like,
 I'm not holding anything back. I'm very, very useful. Everything I'm sure is useful. We're like, oh my gosh, that's enough.
 Oh, that's amazing, useful, but incomplete. Like, I wish I could spend like four hours of everything. I can't like, I share case days.
 I share a bunch of, oh, I share this really cool article from so and so. It's all the book you're getting chapped by.
 I just want to share that piece of it because you understand that bubble, bubble ball. And then you're going to call the action in the book yet, you know, go to traffic seekers.com.
 And it's amazing. Okay. So each of these becomes its own little mini ad, but I publish every single day. Okay. And you can this if you got a membership site, if you have a service, you have a whatever, like, it doesn't matter what it is.
 You, the same concepts apply, right? I come in. I'm like, hey, everyone, excited to be here today. When we talking about boom, the product or service that I sell.
 If you don't have yet, go over here to go get it. But regardless, then I'm talking about one piece of it and then go and share the most useful thing you have about the thing and then make people like, I wish I could go more.
 And then it's like, hey, if you don't have a yet, go and get it, right? Very simple, very easy to do. It's your own stuff, your own framework, your ideas anyway. It's not difficult to go bring them out.
 But it's getting people excited, engage in the process, right? They're consuming it with you and they're seeing like the good stuff. Okay. And if you if you watch these, notice I'm not holding things back. I'm not like, I don't know, it's I'm sharing the best stuff every single chat, the best stories.
 But it creates desire and like, I want the thing now because I see how cool those here are missing out on. I need to get access to the whole thing.
 Yeah. Let me do that. And again, all these things are pushing back to the book funnel. Okay. So for you, it's pushing back to whatever your new one simplified, easy funnel is every single day.
 Going live, making release. Okay. And from that, for me, it's like, because I I'm easier. I do better on video first or audio first. I don't, I don't do as good on like, like writing, like then settle writing email. It is harder for me. So I start with the video and then my email is like, Hey, dude, did you see it?
 Like, I just did a whole video talk about chapter one. I shared this really cool secret. If you haven't checked it, go check it out. I sent an email back to the Facebook live. And there's my email day, right?
 So I published a 20 minute video. The email goes out, push people back to the video. It's not publishing two spots. My existing, on some Facebook, existing email, on it, and season, pushes them back.
 And then recently, you guys might have seen this, I took all of these videos and we just ripped the audio and put them on podcasts.
 And these were greatest podcast episodes because each podcast starts with me pitching the book, me telling one secret from the book and it ends with me pitching the book.
 And now it's like, I have this podcast. This literally just all my Facebook lives, but they're structured in a way that they work for for a podcast as well.
 Okay. And right now, this podcast is number 12 business podcast in the world right now, which is crazy since it's just the Facebook lives. But now people are finding this or coming in and then, again, everyone's got to call the action back to the book.
 Okay. So for me, for me to do this, you guys are publishing here on three platforms, Facebook, my email, and now on podcasting is taking me 20 minutes. Well, 20 minutes. It took this was 27 minutes, 22, 27.
 But I'm not, it's not like I'm spending three or four hours doing it. It's like, hey, I'm just going to go live and I don't prepare for these lives at all. I'm literally, if you watch them, I'm like literally pitching the book, opening to the chapter, looking at my doodles, my pictures. Okay.
 All right, let's talk about this today. And it's just fast. And then from there, I get the email from there, get the podcast. And it's, it's, it's just an easy way to do it. Okay.
 That's how I'm publishing to my existing audience to him. It's today.
 We have decided to do it again. Yes. Earlier this year, we did our first ever virtual conference called two comic club live. We had over 5,000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing.
 So because of that, we've decided to do the virtual event just one more time. And I wanted to invite you and your family to attend for free. This is how it works. First, you can get your ticket at www.2comiclublive.com.
 You're going to put in your credit card, but we're not going to charge you anything. Then you can attend the full three days and learn everything you can from me and from other two comic club winners.
 And then after the event, decide if it's worth it. If it's not, let us know and you won't pay anything. But if you love it and I'm sure you will, then you'll get built after the event is over.
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the two comic club. So go and get your tickets right now before they are gone. Go to www.2comiclublive.com.
 Yes, that's www.twocomma.com.
 Twocomiclublive.com.
 (upbeat music)
