 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope you enjoyed the last two episodes
 Challenge number one we talked about simplifying your business challenge number two is talking about publishing daily for existing audience and now challenge number three
 It's called do a hundred speeches to other people's audiences now
 These are all parts of a special presentation that gave to my two comic club X high-end coaching members
 I earlier this year and wanted to break it up and share it with you guys because I thought there's a lot of value in it
 Hopefully it'll get the wheels in your head spinning about how to have more success with your online business
 With that said we are now going to keep the theme song we come back. Yes, we'll listen in on challenge number three
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing sequence
 Now I'm gonna go to the next step so next step is like you know the sending email a day
 These are people that are already on your list right like the definition of them beyond you know
 You sending email dates your list is like they're already on your list
 Now we're talking about like how do we get more people onto the list okay? I think that
 For the most part most of you guys here in the community of me getting good at publishing
 But for the most part publishing happens to your existing group right I'm gonna podcast is going to the people who are on my podcast
 If I'm doing a Facebook live is for the people who are my Facebook live if I'm doing an email my list is for people
 Are my email list right so it's targeting the people who are already following you and the more you do it the more people
 Come and follow you but when I want to challenge everyone to do is like how do I amplify?
 The number of people who are on my platform right? How do I how do I like get more people coming to me so that when I'm doing a podcast
 I'm doing an email more people see it right and so I want to show you guys a story something cool that I saw one of my
 friends and Eric Lofolm and
 January 1st this year he he put post something on Facebook and first I was like huh interesting so he posted this he said
 See if I can pop here said
 This is on January 2nd so I think January 1st he said I have a goal
 I'm gonna try to five hundred fifty speeches this year
 So January 2nd said gave speech number one of 2020 shooting for 550 speeches this year
 I was like huh that's interesting. I'm like I wonder where this is gonna go. I'm really I'm really curious
 Yeah, so then the second the next day or January 4th today is later to my goal this year is to
 550 speeches so far I've been posting my year-to-date results
 I have two people reach out to me the book me yay no speeches today
 I'm at seven for the year so far few people ask me my definition of the speech here it is a talk that reaches two or more people
 Okay, the definition of a speech a talk that reaches two or more people
 That includes being a guest speaker to sales meeting delivering a seminar being on a podcast delivering a webinar delivering a keynote or corporate training
 Anyway, so that's that's what he defines that so as long as two people are listening to consider this speech
 Okay, all right then January 6th. I'm all of my goal 2020 here my results today delivered five speeches and nine coaching calls book two speeches
 Create a four pieces of content a liberal one sales presentation at two members my team
 My speech goal was 550 for the year. I'm at 12 speeches so far year today
 That's January 6th whose average basically two a day since being in the year, right?
 January three speeches so far today we reached about 300 people this morning 2020 goal 550 speeches 18 speeches year today so far
 Jerry night three speeches today 20 speeches years a day
 January 13th six speeches day 32 speech years 32 to year today January 14th eight speeches today
 40 speeches month today
 Three speech January 15 three speeches today 43 year today 550 this goal January 16 five speeches day 48 year today
 550 is the goal January 17 two speeches a 50 and keeps going on right January 25 speeches today January 21st
 62 year today January 13 68 today January 22nd 65 January 24 74 January 27 78
 So he's one month in he's got 78 speeches. He's given all pushing people into his funnel
 It's not speak to his existing audience, right? We're not publishing daily to your audience
 The most you guys are doing that now this is going outside
 Doing speeches to other people's audiences to bring people into your world sucking them in the lead magnet, right?
 If we're not bringing new leads new people in then our our funnels are our who are publishing will eventually start drying up, right?
 Okay, February 3rd 98 year today February 14th hundred twenty seven year today
 They're between four hundred forty eight today every 28 March 4th March 4th, right?
 He keeps going March 19 202 speeches today. All right, and it keeps going on from there. So
 Do you see what he's doing? So not only publishing daily to his own audience?
 He's going out to figure out where can I go and I can give a speech?
 He defines as a speech to somebody else's audience to get more people coming in
 Okay, and so my question for you guys is is
 Again instead of focusing on like building the next new funnel
 It's like where can I go to find people to bring people into my photo?
 How can I do more of this?
 Okay, and by Eric putting out this this intention of like I'm gonna do 500 speeches on other people's fan pages other people's podcasts other people's things this year
 It's more than one a day
 It's it's forcing to do it and you look at the the momentum is like slow a first slow first and more
 He did the more he booked and now March 19th
 So he's like two months into the New Year's got 202 already done. I was five hundred fifty goal
 Right if he keeps consistent with he's probably get two or three thousand and waiting to happen his business because that how many
 New leads and customers of people are gonna come into his funnel because he's out there doing presentations to bring people into his world, okay?
 All right
 I was talking to Stacy Martino yesterday and she's like hey, I want to put you on a
 Our podcast area. You know do a Facebook live to to do your book. I've seen you a lot
 I'm like yeah, I've been a lot in fact how many guys have seen this I've been doing on average right now
 I'm doing eight a day. So I'm doing eight speeches a day 30 minutes speeches other people's lists
 Kevin quarantine. I got nothing else to do eight a day. I do 30 minutes speeches and I'm doing eight a day right now
 So last week we did eight times five so I did 40
 This week I took Friday off to hang out with you guys, but pretty much did
 almost probably 35 40 this week and
 From that we've sold over 30,000 copies of the book right like we're doing I'm going out to doing the thing doing the thing doing the thing
 so
 The question then obviously is like well where do I do speeches to I don't know and it comes back to like the
 Foundation we've been talking about and teaching you guys for years now. It's like the dream 100 right okay
 So I want you look at this from a different lens, right?
 I think a lot of times people build this dream 100 list
 They sit on waiting well someday I'm going to send them a package with my box there someday
 I'm going to do it and like none else like today's the day
 Okay, so this how I want to challenge all of you guys to do this is come back to your dream 100
 Okay on Facebook who are the people that I could potentially do a speech on their fan page to
 Right and then list out those people on the history
 I'm who are the people I could potentially do a speech to their audience with and list out of people who are the podcast that I could
 potentially speak on the podcast who the youtubers I can make a YouTube video with who are the emailers the email who are the
 Bloggers of the blog right and making that list and then it's not to like wait till somebody tear things ready
 It's today right today email. I'm say and I recommend email for Facebook person. Hey, man
 I'm a big I'm a fan of your of your Facebook following. I have this really cool free report
 I wrote called
 17 ways to do awesome stuff and I have a presentation that I can give and I can do anywhere from 10 minutes to 30 minutes
 It's going to help people to be more productive and then at the end of it
 I'll give them a free copy of my PDF with 72 ways to be more productive and I come to that presentation to your audience
 I think they would love it right and yes first person they send an email second person. Hey Joe
 I'm a fan of your Facebook page level. You do I watch all your episodes my favorite one is we do this
 I have a question for you. I have a really cool report. I wrote right now called 17 ways to be more profitable in the
 In the coronavirus thing and I would love to come give a 10 to 15 minute presentation
 On your fan page with you where I can go through these things and then get people free copy of the thing
 Can I do can I do that?
 You know would you miss me? I'm doing a speech for free to your people
 Poop next person next person just like emailing them one at a time one at a time one at a time if email 10 50 30 a hundred people
 How many speeches do you can land? Okay, my guess if you if you email a hundred people
 You you'd land a minimum of 10 10 speeches
 Okay, and I guess it's probably a lot higher
 But you get 20 or 30 of them and I don't care who you are if you got no name at this point
 It doesn't matter if you got a sexy hook something it's timely for their audience a free presentation
 You normally charge for you to give for free their people and you'll be able to get people right out of the country
 You come on
 Okay, especially since I had this community like network with each other can you guys do pre speeches to each other's lists?
 Right now is the time to start getting out there and like sharing your message, right?
 Now I'm in quarantine. I'm doing it as well like usually I'm so busy
 I'm not able to do presentations, but man, I've been doing my crazy and what's happening?
 We're filling our funnel with brand new leads brand new people every single day, okay?
 So I want to challenge you guys to do a hundred speeches to other people's audiences over the next 12 months not 12 months
 The rest is calendar year. Okay. That means like it's like one every
 Every other day every third to add or something like that, right?
 So it makes me make a lot of first
 But if you're like Eric Lough on my show to you guys
 It starts slow and as you do one it opens the next one and the next one and the next one and like you'll be able to ramp up over time
 But this is how you're getting new people in so this is different than publishing daily, right?
 Yes, I said spend 20 minutes publishing something daily to your existing audience and then go out there
 Do at least one presentation a day to get new people into your audience so they can see the stuff you're publishing every day
 promotion
 Publishing promotion publishing, okay, they're hand-in-hand
 I think I've done a disservice on telling her publish publish published people like I'm publishing me nothing's happening
 It's like okay now you got to promote what you're publishing getting people in and that goes out to go into different audiences
 And you're doing a hundred doing presentations doing speech
 So everyone I call them to get people here league magnet
 So you can hear your publishing and you can sell them the one thing you actually try to sell them at the end that makes sense
 Yeah, Colleen said first sometimes it seems hard, but then it's snowballs and everyone wants to have you on the show
 Yes, yes, yes, some said how do you find these audiences? It's easy like
 Let's say it's podcasting okay, so I got a podcast app and I go here. I'm like, okay
 I scroll down to where it says top shows I click on top shows right next to top shows to see also click on see all
 It's gonna show me all the top shows and then the very top here says categories
 So what category am I in a click categories and then here's all the categories in it?
 So there's like there's news comedy sports history true crime social culture arts business education fiction government
 Health and fitness kids and family leisure mirror music religious spirituality science technology and TV and film
 There's the the categories in iTunes if you're like my business of the fitness categories
 You may not be in a good business because there's not people bought podcasting about the thing that you're selling or the market
 You're in it may not be big enough business to really focus on so your business should fit into one of these categories, right?
 So I'm gonna be like okay. Let's say I am a health and fitness like look at health and fitness boom
 It shows me the top podcast and health and fitness the top 200 podcasts
 All right, so I just gave you if you're health and fitness. There's 200 dream 100
 You already doubled how many people you need to have so I'm gonna go to every single show host
 I'm gonna contact him be like what's up dude? I see that you run the adaptive at home workouts
 I have a finished right. I would love to do presentation showing my number one best workout called blah blah blah blah
 Okay, and then you go through person by person by person the next question like we're also how do I find that contact information?
 I don't know you just start clicking around so click on this right here
 Says sometimes for everyone here's things. There's no contact
 And for somebody listen to podcast and see what what do they pitch at the end?
 What website you are they go they send me to then go on the website URL and look for contact link
 Right, it's just doing it's doing the research doing the homework. Okay, now I think there's 200 people on on
 Podcasters, okay now those are top 200 really good news is there's even more so
 In fact, you know the marketing
 The marketing seekers podcast gets like 15,000 downloads per episode and it's like not even the top 200 in the business category
 So there are tons of big podcasts you can be on there or in the top 200 so then you can just go to the search bar here and type in
 Health and fitness or type in a keyword type in biohacking. So I'll type in bio
 hacking I click on it and
 Biocaching may not be the top 200 in in health and fitness, but holy cow there are probably
 50 60 70 different biohacking podcasts here
 Just like you were but but biohacking right so they go there and so like there's just podcast alone
 Then go to Google and type in biohacking blogs biohacking YouTube channels
 Go to Facebook and start searching fire like you start searching it and you go on that chat and that thing you start finding
 Just swarms of people that you can potentially do it with cool. Does that help you guys?
 YouTube sending YouTube sending Google like
 They're everywhere. All right
 We have decided to do it again. Yes earlier this year
 We did our first ever virtual conference called two comic Club live
 We had over 5,000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing
 So because of that we've decided to do the virtual event just one more time
 And I wanted to invite you and your family to attend for free. This is how it works first
 You can get your ticket at www.two comic Club live.com. You're gonna put in your credit card
 But we're not gonna charge you anything then you can attend the full three days and learn everything you can for me and from other
 Two comic Club winners and then after the event decide if it's worth it if it's not let us know and you won't pay anything
 But if you love it and I'm sure you will then you'll get built after the event is over
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the two comic Club
 So go get your tickets right now before they are gone go to www.two comic Club live.com. Yes, that's
 www.tw o c o m a c l u b l i d e dot com to comic Club live.com
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
