 Hey everyone, it's Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Hope you've been enjoying this week of challenges.
 Today we're going to be moving into challenge number four.
 This is Finding a New Product Origin Story.
 Now again, this is parts of a training
 that recorded from my two comical X high-end coaching members.
 And you guys are having a really cool chance
 to listen in behind the scenes of what I taught them.
 And hopefully this gives you ideas on some cool ways
 and some simple ways to make your business more successful.
 So with that said, we're in Cube theme song.
 We come back, you guys have a chance to listen
 to challenge number four.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take our venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 (upbeat music)
 So challenge number four is going back
 to whatever thing you're selling, their product,
 your book, your webinar, your, whatever it is,
 I want to challenge you guys to find
 a new product origin story from some separate thing,
 some sexy hook you can then tie back
 into the thing that you're selling
 and try that on an ad, try it on your landing page,
 try it on something and just see if you can amplify
 what is your selling.
 I did a podcast like three years ago
 and I didn't know how to explain it.
 I think I called it like turn up the sexy or something.
 I was like, I was like, I don't know how to explain this,
 but like you take your offer and you have to make it sexier.
 Like most people's offers are so bland.
 It's like someone comes a page like, oh, yeah,
 I can do without it.
 But it's kind of a page and you're like, oh my gosh,
 if I don't have that thing, like I can't sleep tonight.
 Like that's what you need.
 And like it comes back to turning it sexier.
 I didn't know like how to explain that.
 It's just like, ah, try to help people
 and share like make it sexier, make it more exciting,
 make it, ah, like how do you do that?
 I can explain it.
 And I like this report and I read that,
 I was like, this is like the most simple, easy way to do that
 is to find this outside third party store
 that uniquely is interesting and fascinating
 and a tight back to your product.
 And so hopefully that helps.
 We have decided to do it again.
 Yes, earlier this year we did our first ever virtual conference
 called Two Comic Club Live.
 We had over 5,000 people register for this online event
 and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing.
 So because of that, we've decided to do the virtual event
 just one more time.
 And I wanted to invite you and your family to attend for free.
 This is how it works.
 First, you can get your ticket at www.twocomaclublive.com.
 You're gonna put in your credit card,
 but we're not gonna charge you anything.
 Then you can attend the full three days
 and learn everything you can for me
 and from other two comic club winners.
 And then after the event, decide if it's worth it.
 If it's not, let us know and you won't pay anything.
 But if you love it, and I'm sure you will,
 then you'll get billed after the event is over.
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap
 to the Two Comic Club.
 So go and get your tickets right now before they are gone.
 Go to www.twocomaclublive.com.
 Yes, that's www.twocomma,
 c-l-u-b-l-i-v-e.com.
 Twocomaclublive.com.
 (upbeat music)
