 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing series podcast today's episode
 I want to talk about as some of the country is getting lifted from our quarantines
 I want to find out if you are prepared
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so as you know the last two months ish have been weird like so so weird right
 We all had to go home. We were working from home and some people didn't work
 Everyone lost you know everyone tons of people lost jobs a lot of people lost incomes and people made way more money
 So they made way less money all sorts of things happening and right now the country's starting slowly to
 unlock right
 And I don't know I don't know everything
 My gut says that we're gonna see unlocking and things are gonna go normal for a couple weeks
 Maybe a month and there's gonna probably be a second a second way of hitting
 I think there's a lot of science to prove something like that
 Even if doesn't hit hard, I think that you know, there's a really good likelihood
 It's gonna hit hard again later on this year or early next year or something
 All we know is it this is probably not the end. This is the beginning. It's a couple things number one is
 Is just so I want to talk about I want to get all of us prepared and this is also for me
 I think you through this as well like number one is you know, how is working from home?
 Was it better was it worse? Can everybody work from home?
 Can you save money that way? We're people more efficient more effective like our cells are up everywhere our supports
 Like everything's been up for us as everyone's gone home. So it's like man. Do we ever go back to the office?
 Maybe maybe that's not the right, you know, maybe the office is the right thing for so that's that's like one thing start looking at number two is like
 Look at people that own restaurants or different businesses where when everything's shriveled up
 They got stuck right so the questions are you prepared like what's the next step like if you're building an email list a text message
 There's something where you can get people to come back in you kind of saw the game
 You saw okay, this is the new game
 This is how it's gonna be played so you prepared for it
 And if you weren't the first time it's like now is the time there's this window where it reopens up
 It's like now is this time to go and focus on quickly as possible getting customers
 Then getting their name and the email address has been a phone numbers and any kind of data
 So that if you decide if your physical location shuts down again, you can send them emails
 You can ship them stuff you can you can you can transition so are you prepared for that if no what you got to do
 What are the things what are the steps you have prepared yourself as quick as humanly possible?
 Okay, if you're an event company all senior events are gone and they've been and maybe it's opening up
 Maybe there's gonna be shot where events are there again, but maybe not so if not like are you prepared like what does this look like now?
 Like what's the transition look like?
 Anyway, I just think that
 You know, I've watched so many people take this whole
 Quarantine thing in different ways some people who just sat at home and just literally Netflix and chill
 We've seen a lot of people who are upset that they're making more unemployment than they were from their jobs
 And they don't want this to end and they're happy, you know other people have gone crazy and worked twice as hard three times
 It's hard kind of more done been more productive and it's like now that I feel like there's this easing happening and I'm gonna say this momentary
 temporary
 Unfreezing happening. It's just like what do you know now if you if you could go back?
 You know a month a month before the quarantine happened
 What would you done different to prepare yourself for that moment?
 I think if for you and for me for all of us who'd be looking at these things to that lens of like okay
 I'm assuming that let's say we're going unquarantined for 30 days
 And I was from like that's it. I've got 30 days
 What would I've done to 30 days prior to the quarantine to prepare myself for what I just went through over the last six to eight weeks, right?
 And that's how you should be looking in this next little window because they think if it's unquarantined
 It's not gonna be I don't know maybe it is but I don't think it's gonna be permanent
 You've got we've got a 30-day window and all some people just are freaking out when all say see things spiking in
 It's gonna be new new orders everything everyone shifting back or whatever or maybe who knows maybe hopefully the summer kills the virus and the summer
 we all you know we all
 You know smooth sailing throughout but then what's gonna happen is when we come back to
 November December January is gonna hit again. We're gonna go through this process. So it's coming back to like what would you told yourself 30 days?
 Go 30 days before the whole quarantine hit had you know it's gonna hit happen to prepare yourself to prepare you your family your business
 Would you've stocked up on toilet paper?
 You've gotten more food storage would you have?
 Taken out a loan would you have not taken a loan?
 You sold your car would you have sold some of your watches and traded that for for ventilators for?
 Respiration machines at your house so as you've got more medicine like what would you have done differently?
 Had you have had this little warning 30 days before?
 Before quarantine I would look at this next window when it opens up and wherever you're at and some people it's not gonna happen right away
 I think Idaho it's me like it's like a soft opening and in next Mondays where since our soft opening and then you know
 a little more and a little more it'll kind of just start slowly shifting and transitioning but
 If any of you guys who do where you get the the quarantine or whatever the orders lifted
 It's coming back like how are you prepared? What are you what are you prepared for?
 So for you guys, I just want to I wish I could sit down with you just like make out a plan
 So this is my my podcast up so few sit down
 So okay, I need to make up my plan pretending like the quarantine is happening in 30 days from now and knowing now what I know
 Then what would I've been 30 days ahead of time to prepare for this both physically mentally spiritually psychologically
 Temporally food water, you know all those kind of things what would you do in different in your business?
 And I think a lot of businesses got caught off guard and they weren't prepared then they weren't prepared as far as like
 Getting having a customer list, you know, I think anybody who's been following what I've been saying for the last 15 plus years now
 They've got an email list. They've got a customer list
 And so like when things shifted, you know, we saw Jim's Jim's who the Jim's, you know halfway
 What you know Jim's got shut down, but luckily they had a customer list
 They started messaging when they were doing gym classes from home. I saw dance studios doing that when we do dance studio classes from home
 I saw restaurants who were texting and emailing their customers and being able to deliver, you know having them do curbs
 I pick up or delivering actual food to them or shipping stuff for now
 You know all those kind of things
 It's like yeah, if I know that like what transitions I'm gonna make quickly over the next 30 days
 And so there's like oh 30 days and take too long transitions like it's realized the transitions that we made here in ClickFunnels
 And we are a big ship. It's like
 The Titanic I don't want to say Titanic's I don't want to think we're sinking but
 It's like a big boat like we can't just shift things quickly yet
 We literally have reshifted and rebuilt out almost every organization side of the company quickly in a very short period time to protect ourselves
 Protect you to protect our customers protect our livelihoods things like that
 So a lot of changes in very very short period time
 So if I can change it, I got 400 people that I got a you know and multiple levels of management and and you know
 If I can do that I promise you wherever whenever the way right now you can make those shifts on the changes
 I just have people willing to do it sometimes it's scary. It's painful, but I promise you it's less scary
 That was some of you guys went through over the last couple months so
 So there's the question
 If you knew 30 days before it doesn't say 30 days before the quarantine and you know what you do now
 What would you do over the next 30 days to prepare for?
 When the quarantine hit and then go do that right now. So that's all I got. All right, I'm at home
 I drove the office down one wheel and I'm gonna go drive back home, which is a lot of fun
 I came here with a little man and he's been working on
 Playing games and working at homework, which is kind of fun. And so we're heading home right now anyway
 I appreciate all thanks for listening and we'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel way from something some you guys are one funnel way from
 Quitting your job some you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business
 This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy. Hope you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things
 You need to be successful with your funnel. So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side
 You go online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC]
