 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today
 I want to teach you guys three ways to train your subconscious mind
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody hope you guys are amazing so
 My wife and I had a really cool experience some of you guys who've been to fun lacking live or you've been to two common couple
 I've read ever or been around our community for the last couple years
 You've probably heard me talk more than once about a really unique really cool couple in their names or Stacy and Paul Martino
 So they came into our our world. They had a message. They were trying to change the world
 They had to figure out a process to make relationships better is specifically like the
 relationships with your with your significant other and
 They are amazing people in the last however many years they've been doing this work
 I believe they've saved over 10,000 marriages. They've less than 1% divorce rate of people who've gone through the program and it's amazing
 so as someone who loves my wife and never wants to get a divorce and is always
 Trying to figure out ways to make everything better the personal development nerd inside of me
 After I met them I was like I want to go through your stuff and so I had a chance to
 And I've been there marketing coach on the outside. So I've had the fun opportunity to be like hey
 You guys need to launch a podcast. Hey, you need to write a book
 Hey, you need to do these things and so some of them are selfish and our selfish things for me
 So I wanted them to create a podcast like listen to their podcast. I want them write a book so I can read their book
 They've read a book yet, but they're working on it
 But they anyway totally is because if you want to go deep with them they've got an amazing podcast
 Search, you know Stacy and Paul Martino. They have an amazing course. They have a quick start
 They have a challenge they got a bunch of things but I went all in start going through the content
 We'll clit and I went out to their their live event
 and
 And then we signed up for high-end coaching and this year
 We had a chance last week to go to their breakthrough in Paradise Street treat in Jamaica, which was really really cool
 and
 It's fun because you know obviously what Stacy and Paul do is different than I do but there's similarities right there
 They've got their frameworks and they're teaching like they they're
 They're awesome what they do, right?
 So they've got their frameworks and they teach them they teach them, you know in their podcast
 I teach them on their quick start teach them their webinars teach them in their in their
 Their challenge teaching with their live events they teach them at the mat
 And so like they have these frameworks and the teach them over and over again. And what's cool is
 I had this breakthrough as I was sitting there cuz I you know
 I've gone through most of the stuff that they've taught multiple times now and
 You know obviously I'm still trying to figure things out for myself for my family for my you know
 relationship with other people my relations with my wife with my employees with just you know all the thing
 I'm still trying to learn and figure things out
 But what's cool is that I met breakthrough in Paradise is like their top-end thing. This is the back of their value ladder, right?
 And they started the event off talking about there are three ways to train the subconscious mind
 And it was interesting because one thing is that they talked about said you know a lot of stuff we're gonna be teaching this event
 It's not new stuff like you've probably heard us talk about this more than once
 And like the reality is that our job is not teaching new stuff all the time our job is to make you
 To give you a level of mastery of the stuff we've been teaching you so far and
 You know right now a lot of you guys have cognitively hopefully I said that word right
 Have heard to say the things like oh yeah, I know that I know that and it said and they start saying you know
 Our job is not to get us not to get this into your you know
 Into your your friend of your mind is to get into the subconscious mind
 The subconscious mind is where the stuff becomes master where you're just doing it because you understand it at a deeper level
 Not where you're trying to think to make okay. How does this work? What's the first step right?
 and
 It was just kind of cool and so as they start teaching this they say you know
 I want to make sure because if if we don't pre-frame this a lot of you guys are just counting stuff like I heard that before
 I already know that oh
 Where's where they said you know the job is not for you to also get a new thing
 It's for you to internalize and to master this so they become something that you have for forever
 And so I was kind of that was kind of the the pre-frame and then they start talking about three ways to train the subconscious mind
 It was really cool. It's the number one the first way to train your subconscious minds through repetition hearing thing over and over and over and over and over again
 Right it's a repetition is the key which is why it's so important. The second thing is immersion
 So that's why these these you know that it was a five-day event in Jamaica
 That's a three-day event that we went to earlier is like these immersion events were you there for a long time?
 Because if you're just you know dabbling and I got a little piece here a little piece here
 You're not getting immersion
 You're just kind of dabbling and it's hard to to get that into your subconscious mind where it becomes mastery
 and then third way is hypnosis and
 You know what she said at this event we're not in hypnosis, but we're doing repetition and immersion repetition immersion
 Because we have to get things into your subconscious mind
 It can't be like you know you and your spouse get in a fight and you're like trying to think no
 What was that thing again?
 Let's see okay
 They taught us this thing it's like no you have to get into your subconscious mind so it becomes habit
 So it becomes something that you can use and as you're saying that I start thinking about myself
 I start thinking about wrestling and I remember having this aha
 Towards the end of my high school career I wrestling high school in college, but it was towards the end of my high school year
 And you know I you know I was someone who became obsessed with wrestling so I was wrestling during practice before practice after practice
 I was doing summer camps
 I was like as much as I could I was wrestling and I remember because you'd go and try learn the new move the new move the new move
 Or you know the teachers same movie help you do it over and over again and I remember I found this to be true
 I would drill a move hundred times in practice
 But it wasn't my move until I hit it once in an actual match
 I remember like I remember having that piffany is like I can train this thing a hundred times
 But until I've actually hit it in a match where it's you know and those who have ever competed at any high level
 You know that like when you're competing. It's not your conscious mind. I'm out there thinking okay
 What's the first thing I'm gonna shoot here? I'm gonna grab his arm here like like when I step on the mat and shake their hand
 Like it's weird. They everything had disappears and you just go it's your subconscious mind taking over
 So it's like all these things you've been drilling over and over and over again, right?
 So it's not this it's not like me consciously like oh I learned a single leg
 There's a single leg I should go grab it that point's gone like I missed it right the match
 She comes back feeling it like when this person moves this way
 This is where my body needs to go and how I need to shift and the angle I need to take right and some drilling it over and over
 And over like hundred times drilling it you start feeling it
 But then it wasn't until I hit it in the match as soon as I hit it once in a match
 And not if I if I tried the match and I missed it
 It was like if I hit it once in a match and I executed on it my body like would remember that I remember telling some of my teammates that
 in
 I remember telling them that during my senior I was like I think this move will keep drilling until I hit it in a match
 It's not mine and they didn't understand that I said yeah like I could drill some thousand times
 But until I've until I've used it in a match like I don't know how to explain that
 It's not mine
 I know I understand this it's because it was deeper than just like the consciously me knowing how to do the move
 It was subconscious where my body could just hit it
 And so what I would do is I would go out in my matches where I knew I was dressing someone who was easy
 Someone who knew I was gonna be my job was not to do the moves that I already knew right?
 The job is I have to hit the moves I've been learning the ones that aren't in my subconscious mind yet
 Right ones I'm trying to train to get back there so I can feel it and just comes up like those are the ones I need to hit
 during
 During my easy matches so that way they become my moves because it's not my move until I've executed
 I've got at least once in a live match, right?
 And so I would do that say okay this week. I've been drilling this isn't it so during this match
 I'm not trying to do the moves
 I know I'm gonna be doing the moves these new moves because I need to execute it live in a match because then it's in my
 subconscious mind and I've mastered it and now I can bring that out whatever I need to but until then it's not mine
 It's just something that I taught me like I kind of know how this thing works
 Right you think about that as you get better and better at any kind of sport or any kind of thing like
 And wrestling like my moves like like the ones I'm amazing. I can still to this day hit him perfectly
 Like I've done some so many times or not. I don't have to think like okay. Where's my hips go?
 Where's the pressure like just my body is so so it's so deep in my subconscious mind is there and I've got it right?
 And how did it happen repetition repetition repetition number one immersion immersion right doing like wrestling camps long things like
 Lots of practices like immersing yourself
 So it becomes part of mastery and actually used to do set hypnosis as well to help master those things
 So those are the three the three ways to train subconscious mind repetition immersion hypnosis again
 so a couple of things that Stacy and Paul taught was really really cool the first question was like well
 How many repetitions you think it takes to reprogram?
 We don't know it's gonna take a lot right?
 It's not just you hearing something once you're here at second time a third time a fourth time right from wrestling
 I would try I would drill the drill you know hundreds of times of
 Repetition before it was reprogramming into my conscious mind in fact wasn't until I actually hit it live in it in this experience where you know
 I think as I said that's like when it became my own move. Okay, so how many repetitions do you need to reprogram your subconscious mind a lot?
 Okay, that's why it's like this event like we're gonna hit you the same thing I'm teaching over and over over again
 Because the repetition we're trying to get this into your subconscious mind so you can use it so it becomes your move
 It becomes your default so instead of going to the trigger you normally go to this is the new trigger that comes up right?
 Number two things she said was really cool. She said resistance means it's not yet wired into your nervous system
 So if you hear something in your defaults like I've heard this before boom
 That is the telltale sign that you have not mastered it yet. Okay, because if you resist it it means you conscious minds
 Like I know this give me the next thing. Okay, so if you're resisting it like I already know
 I've heard this before if you resist and it means you're it's not yet wired into your nervous system
 That's like the telltale sign. Okay, it's like is this my nervous system? No, okay?
 If you're resisting it, you're like I've heard this before it means it's not your subconscious mind
 I lose number three and reason when it is in your subconscious mind you'll actually be excited to hear the repetition
 Can you guys have been a fun hack in life? You heard me tell the story like eight the 18th time you've heard the story
 Okay, and sometimes you're like oh, this is annoying. I times like here it is
 This is the story this we're just gonna say anything and you like you hear it and you're excited if you're excited that means
 It's in your subconscious mind. So that's how you know, okay
 So you're learning something number one the repetition is important number two if you're a guy I've heard this before it means
 It is not in your subconscious mind. There's a telltale sign if you're like this is awesome
 I've heard this before like you start looking at different you start seeing different intricacies
 You start getting deeper a deeper level then you know it's in your subconscious mind
 Okay, those are the things one thing that Stacy said over and over and over again said be careful of what you're so certain with
 Be careful
 So I already know this already know this be careful where you're so certain with because if you think you already know it
 You probably don't least you don't know it to the level you need to to have actual mastery
 Okay, and so as they were telling this I was just so fascinated start thinking about it
 I started thinking about from my wrestling background. I'm like, oh my gosh
 This is so true and I start thinking about it from my business like if you look at what I do
 Right like I have a handful of frameworks that I've been teaching for almost two decades now
 Which is crazy, right and some of you guys come to my world
 Right and you've heard you've read the dot-com secrets book and you learned them
 Then you read the expert secrets book and the traffic secrets book
 Then you listen to 400 episodes my podcast and then you did the five-day lead challenge
 And you do the one funnel weight challenge you need to come up live and even to fun
 I can I have one more number two number three and keep experiencing this here again
 I keep hearing these things over and over and over again, right? That's good. That's the key to master
 It's a key to understanding these things. Okay, like I I
 I promise you as many times you guys have heard me talk about these things like I've said them ten times more than that
 Right, which helps me master. I've done it a hundred times more than that before I ever shared it
 Right, and so it's like these are the keys to mastery and so if any you guys are in the spot right
 Oh, I've heard this before oh, I've done this before already know these things you're at this this level where it's in your conscious mind
 It's not mastery. It's not your subconscious mind. Okay, because resistance means it's not yet wired into your nervous system
 You just step back and when you get the point where like it becomes part of you like that becomes your move
 We're like literally right now if I'm gonna launch a book. I don't think about it conscious
 I don't think oh, what's a book for it?
 I'm gonna look like I've done it so many times. I've mastered it
 I can sit down I can teach a two-day event on a book phone about any notes any preparation anything because I know it
 I understand I've perfect mastery of it right and that's the key
 One thing they said at the end which was kind of cool
 About like when you finish with this work and said you're not finished until you become the solution
 So in their relationship program like when you get a point where like your relationships are perfect
 Well, you've become the person that you're trying to be where where like they ask you a question
 You know you get a you get in an argument or a fight or something triggers where your default is the right reaction
 That's when you're finished. That's when you become the solution
 Right in marketing when you can look at any situation. You know exactly what you do then you become the solution
 Right like that's the key so you're doing this until you've gotten mastery
 And so that was anyway
 I thought it was such a cool pre-frame to their event and the more I thought about it's more
 I've seen that in my life with wrestling with business with things that I've achieved mastery in it's so true
 Right, I think about Tony Robbins like I've ended Tony Robbins events a lot
 I've been up you know a ton of times and I think the very the second you Pw
 I do remember like I've heard this again. I've heard this before which is funny
 And then I went to the third time a fourth time I fifth time took my kids to it and the more times
 I hear it the more like okay cool
 This is this is what we're talking about this and I'm like looking for different angles and ways to understand it
 And if it ways to like to like how do I apply this my life?
 How do I make this so that it's my move right cuz until it's your move?
 It's just something that you practiced okay, and practice is good, but that doesn't make mastery mastery comes from repetition immersion
 And or hypnosis right it's doing it so many times now it becomes your move when it's your move then you own it
 Now you become the person you need to be you become the solution and so anyway
 I hope that that pre-frame helps and hope it gives you some purpose now like okay
 I'm gonna I'm gonna go deep on Russell stuffing and restudy everything okay
 That's not my goal, but but for some of you guys that's what it is like you constantly understand marketing
 But you don't understand it in a level of mastery. Which is why you're still struggling
 So keep going through repetition immersion like if you're not coming from a lucky live yet
 You're insane if you're into the two comical live virtual event
 You're insane like you're then the one fun way challenge the new one
 You're insane like keep doing it until you really understand if you've mastered it and then that's when you become the solution
 You'll know because now you're having success right in the relationship game like when when every situation I get in my subconscious mind
 Knows the right way to do when I've mastered the the the framework and master the processes where I don't have to think about it
 Consciously just have con subconsciously happens. That's when I can stop doing the work
 That's my becoming when need to be right the same things true in your business
 And so I hope the helps again
 It helped me my wrestling and I wish I would understood these things I first started wrestling
 But by my senior year I was I was realizing I was I was seeing that I was seeing that I can practice and practice it
 But it's not my move until I've hit it subconsciously in the live match
 And so me four situations I have to do it subconsciously, right?
 Let me get you know in in the beginning situations where I need to use this thing
 Where I'm not using my conscious mind, but I have to hit it subconsciously like that's when it became my own and so
 Anyway, hope helps you guys. I appreciate you all. Thank you so much for listening
 And a couple things number one is again come a mercy in my world if you haven't yet
 It's time start with the one fun away challenge from there come to two comical by up there come to funnel
 I can live I can immerse yourself and if you want to learn more about how to use this stuff in relationships
 Go check out Stacy Paul Martino their amazing relationship development org is their site
 And I would just jump in the podcast and start
 Immersion yourself you love them. They're amazing people. They help me time in my life
 I think they can help you as well. But that's the thing she has appreciate you all and I'll talk to you as all on the next episode
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, and the phone over you text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797
 When you text me just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone
 And then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting communities
 I'm gonna be giving out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
