 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I'm so excited to have you here today
 I'm one of the guys in behind the scenes of some voxer chats
 So you see what's actually happening in the real world
 Because sometimes you see the outside facade and me smiling me like look at this book
 But I want you guys to fill the pain with me
 So I'm gonna share with you some of those stories and more here as soon as we get back from the intro song
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so here's here's the backstory
 I decided to write my third book traffic secrets. I got excited. I just started writing it and then
 It turned out to be pretty good. I think we'll find out. Hopefully you guys like it soon
 And then I got a publisher for it and the publisher. I decided to go with is hey house because number one they're amazing number two
 Reed who's the owner of a house is the man and number three they understand our world and let us do our kind of marketing with books
 So I was like, yes, of course. I'm going with them. So then I was like, well, wait a minute if if you guys can publish this new book
 I would love if you guys publish the other two we do them all hard down and make a box that'll be amazing
 So I pitched read on that he said yes, I was so excited. I went back
 I bought the rights back from the first two books from the old publisher
 And then I was like here are the books and then I was like wait a minute
 Do I have some time really quick if I want to add something?
 Like if I want to just update some of the chapters really quick and they're like sure go for Russell. That'd be awesome
 So get the traffic secrets book done. It's 90,000. No 90 97,000 words
 Just put that perspective the original dot-com secrets book was 58,000
 So it's almost twice as big as the is the first book right and
 And I sent it to him and then I was like, okay
 I'm gonna I'm gonna dive into these other books and I'm start editing and I found out something I
 Strange that I did not think was gonna happen
 I start editing the dot-com secrets book and I found out that the Russell Brunson from five years ago sucked at writing like he
 Like why did you guys like that book? It doesn't make any sense to me. I'm reading this. I'm like this is and so
 And so I've been rewriting it and it was supposed to be like a two-week project and right now
 I'm like literally up
 Insanely early going to bed insane late canceling everything is other than my kid wrestling
 to get this book done and I
 Have been spending week on it. I'm I just got down chapter two and I've added 11,000 words in the first two chapters
 Which is kind of ridiculous
 But it's a lot better. It's way better. I think I hope and then like everything's kind of like this weird order
 That doesn't make any sense to me now some rearranging the whole book and rewriting thing like it's becoming
 Its own book project in and of itself like it'll probably end up being as big if not bigger than the traffic secrets book at the rate
 I'm going right now, which is crazy. So I'm telling you this for a couple reasons number one
 Because I want you to understand the Russell from five years ago sucked at writing books
 But guess what I still wrote the book case for you. It's like, oh, I suck your writing
 I'm gonna wait till some future date when I'm really good
 Then the book will never happen your legacy will never begin the the pathway that you have to pave to greatness to become
 Who you need to become will never begin because you have to write the crappy book first
 So I did I wrote this book that again at the time I thought it was amazing everyone thought it was amazing
 But it sucks looking at now like this book's horrible
 And I'm grateful for this window I have chance to rewrite it so that when you guys get the new version you'd be like
 Oh my gosh Russell. This makes so much more sense. This is so clear the stories are captivating
 So that's my goal with it
 But that was the first the first ah-hah is to get is that number two?
 I know sometimes it seems like everything is sunshine and roses and when I click record on Instagram
 I'm always like I happy when I record a podcast. I'm usually like yay all chipper, but sometimes it's really really hard
 And so just a few minutes ago. I was my motivation was weaning
 I didn't go to bed last night almost three woke up early this morning came in and did not want to do what I needed to do
 And so I vox Stephen Larson a message
 And I wasn't gonna send you guys because it's kind of like weird, but I want you guys to hear the raw like
 Like what I'm actually going through so that hopefully some guys are like oh my gosh this work is hard sometimes
 Oh my gosh Russell isn't Superman. He's tired and unmotivated and doesn't want to do this stuff either
 And so I'm gonna let you guys listen that so I'm gonna play the vox that I sent to Stephen Larson
 begging him for some motivation so he keep writing this book and then I'm gonna let you listen to two voxes
 He sent back they gave me the motivation got me excited and then made me feel like I needed to do this podcast for you guys
 Really quick to share because that was really fun. So that said you're gonna hear
 Private voxer. I was not planning on showing for me to Stephen and then messages from Stephen back to me
 What's up dude are you on airplane right now? You're trying to prove it. So now it's supposed to be writing
 I'm trying to not write so I'm boxing you
 You can yell at me and send me some like the dot com series book change my life
 Russell if you don't do this you're screwing people out of their happiness in future like that would help me a lot because
 Right now I just want to screw with other happiness in future because this sucks
 It's like literally like a whole new book like I'm really so gonna make how did anybody ever like this book?
 It's horrible. It's like I sucked at writing. There's no good stories
 I like touch upon things briefly and I walk away
 But then I'm like what if that was the brilliance of it maybe now I'm going so deep into people like okay
 Where else I get the gist could tell me stories? Oh?
 Stephen
 Thanks for it, but now we're we're I just finished chapter two and we're 11,000 new words written in this book
 And this is how to do well run a thousand words before I get to the you know to section two so
 Hey, yo, all right
 I'll get his listening. Give me something. I need something. I need some motivation to go right Stephen. Please help me for the love
 Make me go write something
 All right, I'm gonna make it actually I'm gonna wait to respond so hopefully respond sooner later. So much right it worked
 I used to something amazing
 Right
 Guys if you don't write that book
 Yes
 I don't even know it's funny. It's been so long since I've read that book. I have a hard time remembering
 What it is like but it changed my life that book truly to change my life
 And yes, I just do want to remind you in a very calm tone
 Gary Vee wins if you don't write the book. All right, welcome back. So
 Right now some guys are like oh my gosh Russell's losing his mind. He is the train right and some of you guys are like
 Oh my gosh Russell's just like me. So hopefully this
 Helps any of you guys who are in that situation where you're just like it's hard sometimes it's hard to create
 It's hard to think it's hard to sit down the blank pad of paper and write it's hard to sit down and
 Create a course is hard to go create an event or an outline or product or risk your money ordering crap from China
 You have no idea people gonna buy it like I get it like it's it's hard and it's scary, but that's the game
 We're in and it's fun and I think the biggest thing is just trying to keep your energy levels high
 Trying to get motivation from anywhere you can even just getting people to yell you through voxer whatever it takes
 But hopefully this helps you understand that the creation process. It's lonely. It's tiring. It's it's
 All those things that the end goal is in a couple months from now
 I'm gonna have this box set of books. I'm proud of it and that that's why it's it's the vision of that that drives me forward
 And hopefully it's standing for you the vision of the creations of things you're making
 Or what make it worthwhile?
 So the two lessons from this podcast episode number one is the Russell five years ago sucked at writing
 But he still wrote the same is free. It's true for you right now. You're probably gonna suck whatever you're creating
 But if you don't start you'll never they'll never start you on this path. That's number one number two
 Understanding that even people have been doing this for 15 years people who you think maybe flawless or whatever
 Still struggle, but we still do it. So hope to help somebody out there
 That said appreciate you as all for listening. Thanks for being a subscriber
 If you enjoyed this episode, please take a screenshot on your phone
 I'm guessing you're listening on your phone go to Instagram or Facebook or your social network of choice and tag me
 so I can see the post and then I use hashtag marketing secrets and then I check them out all the time in fact
 a little tell you guys you've probably seen I comment on your your screenshots
 I I like them. I share them. It makes me happy. So thanks again for listening you guys appreciate you all and I'll talk to you soon
 Bye everybody one more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called dot com secrets
 And you get your free copy at dot com secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
