 Hey, what's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome welcome you back to the marketing secrets podcast
 I want to share these something really really cool that I heard today that
 I'm still sitting here kind of in shock and you know I think we'll
 We'll give you guys in a humble. So with that said it's keep the things on and I will be right back
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out of the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so as the time I'm recording this I'm in the middle of this
 Seven-day live launch the funnel all gee launch. Hopefully a lot of you guys have a chance to had a chance to watch that
 We started on the January 2nd 3rd and 4th
 I'm doing three days of live training and then we're making it off at the end for people get the recordings from the training and the
 Transcripts and much other stuff when they
 Get there take it to follow Ikema. So that's kind of what's what's happening and it's been really fun
 But yesterday I did the very first session. It was three hours long. I taught my face off
 It was awesome. We streamed to both Facebook and both YouTube and then we got done
 We came off and look at all the stats and stuff we had between two platforms about 5,000 people watching
 It's like 2500 on one and 2500 on the other plus a bunch of people on the click phones home page
 So anyways kind of cool and then what's amazing is that afterwards YouTube and Facebook shows you
 How much time was consumed or how many how much of video time it was cool?
 They don't do it like hey was you know an average of 22
 I mean they probably show that stat as well
 But they say look of the of the 5,000 people to watch it if you took like this guy watch for five and go watch for an hour
 Let's go watch for three hours. It's like you put like stack that time together
 In the three hours. I was on stage
 1.2 years of video time was consumed 1.2 years
 Can you imagine that 1.2 years worth of time was consumed while I was live and then we straight way it was online for another
 12 hours afterwards which increases much we know I'm guessing probably at least a year and a half if not if not more
 Consume that was day number one right they were pulling his offline
 Data matrices about to start in the day number three so
 You know let's say one and a half years of viewing time
 Happened yesterday and probably another year and a half today and you're gonna have tomorrow
 So when all said done with three four four and a half wait one two three four. Yeah four and a half almost five years
 let's say five to round it up five years of
 a viewing time was was consumed during this launch now
 I'm telling this because interesting this is the magic of leverage. This is why we do what we do right like
 Let's say I wanted to be a teacher
 And let's say I wanted to have a huge impact on the world and so let's say I go on I get my teaching degree
 I get a job at a good university and let's say I start teaching kids and I teach a class three days a week
 And there's 50 kids each each thing you know and I'm teaching an hour a day so start looking that way it's like okay
 Let's say there's 50 kids
 I teach an hour says 50 hours times three days a week 150 hours
 How long would it take for me to teach five years worth of content right if you if you hook it back to back to back
 I mean it would take me a decade or two or three right yet. That's how
 Traditional education is done. That's how most people get their messages out
 That's how most people teach and educate it's like wait if we shift this this mindset like how do we how do we go live?
 How do we how do we share a message with with tons of people like again?
 We got you know over this this week we'll have five years worth of education right?
 I wanted to go mentor someone one-on-one like you know
 That's me spending five and a half years with somebody to get the impact that I was able to get in a couple days
 Anyway, it's just like well as aha moments to me just like oh my gosh like my my message can go so much further today because of
 These tools we have these these crazy things the seven-day live launch concept alone is gonna get five years worth of my training out into the market and
 You know and and it's just it's it's it's exciting
 It's fascinating so I'm telling you this because I want you guys to understand like how much of an impact you can have on people
 That's why these these tools these trainings is marketing all the stuff
 We're doing and teaching and talking about so important because the impact that the little me or little you can have now in the world is huge
 Five years worth of education in three days
 Again back in the day we're taking you know traditional educator
 How long years lifetimes to do what we did in a weekend and the same thing is true for you
 And so I hope it gets you excited. I hope it gets you more passionate about your mission and more
 Passion about your job and your ability and your calling to go out there and share it because you can't have an impact
 I'm thinking about teachers. I don't know, you know, Aristotle Socrates like the early philosophers, right?
 Like what you're able to do in a weekend. They couldn't do it in in a lifetime
 Right I think about the impact that those guys had on on their you know
 Their their spheres of influence it's been huge, right and the impact you can have on your sphere is even bigger
 Right, it's these little tiny hinges that swing such huge doors
 And so that's why it's so important and so vital for all of us to be building our platform building our following doing training doing stuff
 Putting our message putting our thoughts putting our our ideas out there because we're not careful the the ops of our ideas
 The ideas we don't you know teach or talk about or don't agree with are being published out there
 Right and they're being consumed by millions of people it's like if we're not out there
 Doing our best to suck the attention away from the negative messages and suck our attention away from things that are destructive for people and give them light and truth and hope and belief
 In things that do matter that are important like that's that's that's a that's a pretty powerful calling
 And all of us have been called to do that and so it is not just a way for you to make money
 It is something where you can literally change people's lives
 I hope you see that hope you understand that it'd be fun to actually go back
 To my podcast episodes and start you know look at here. We got 10,000 downloads times
 12 minutes equals how much time times how many episodes like be fun to kind of look at that try figure out
 How many how many years with the content has been consumed through the podcast as well?
 But I think it's just fascinating and interesting kind of cool
 So anyway, I want to share with you yesterday because it's been on my mind
 And I just thought it was exciting and got me got me excited to share more
 I'm going live again in about 90 minutes and hopefully I get another five or six years worth of view time in
 And sucking that time away from the distractions that aren't serving people and aren't empowering them and and giving them the tools
 They need to have life. They want to live so all right. Thanks you guys. Appreciate you all and we'll talk to you guys very very soon
 Hey, this is Russell again and really quick. I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with
 5,000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you who think like you who believe like you have vision like you if you
 Like to do that then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live. It's coming up very very soon
 If you don't ever take a shot
 You go to funnel hacking live calm and it gives you the ability to leave your home leave where you're you're trying to
 Create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe like you who see visions like you
 Of what they can create what they can become
 Funnal hacking live is not just a marketing event as much as a personal development event
 It's both those things wrapped into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So I'll make sure you get your tickets. You don't have me. I go to funnel hacking live calm
 Year tickets. We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well and after you get tickets you will be there with five thousand other insane crazy fun
 The funnel hackers talking about a girl their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You got to go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live calm. Thanks so much, and I'll see you in Nash boo
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
