 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing secrets podcast today's episode
 It's called 99 yards. Just not a touchdown make
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answer. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everybody, so welcome again to the podcast without having us here and I'm doing this the day before
 The viral video launch and if I'm completely honest, I feel like garbage. I
 Did I want to go to bed today? I didn't want to move
 Can I give you some context of everything?
 You know everyone's like oh you're launching a video. That's gonna be pretty easy. I remember this did the video with you
 Yeah, but there's a lot of stuff on this side of happen like we
 Completely change the tire online sales process of new sales letters new sales flow new sales everything which we see it
 It's pretty ninja
 That alone, you know is usually a couple week project to get it right and so that's been happening and doing all that this week
 Number two is we rebuild our own boarding process
 You will see if you go to click folks.com and create a account more if you just log in as of tomorrow
 You'll see the whole library process. We have an online game. We've got these walk video walkers
 I think I recorded I had like 150 plus videos listening walk through process
 So we've been doing that getting that all programmatically created plus all the videos of the copy and everything that boom is number two
 Then we've got
 The new online cookbook so we created the fun like a cookbook stuff book is launched this weekend
 350 pages
 Cookbook and then on this week. I was like I need some training with this
 So we also happen to have had the fat event this week is still happening
 It's a 3-day event when people come and we build our entire webinar with them
 So day war I spoke on stage for three hours then went to lunch and then after lunch
 I jumped into my office with a blank slide deck and PowerPoint and I ended up creating over the next four hours
 222 slides for a presentation to teach cookbook that I
 Then every dinner after dinner. I got it up. I set the entire kitchen and a bunch of these big Legos you'll see and then we taught
 I did a presentation between half hours teaching how to use cookbook and how it works with Legos
 It was it was really cool because we did that training video then we took that and we're chopping up into 74 mini videos
 Which Brandon Fisher was doing all the yesterday, which is crazy?
 And then we still had this live event right so yesterday
 Steven was running the event which was nice. He ran the event all day while he was running the event
 I was working on sales letter I was working on the process and I realized that
 Bunch of the videos I created for one purpose for the onboarding didn't actually work for that thing
 So I went and recorded 22 more videos yesterday
 For that record of the videos plus I'd work on all the other stuff
 and then
 and then after that I had to
 Went home to go home and I'm a scout master
 So I went to 11 year old scouts taught the kids out swimming yesterday and then came back to the office and the fat of it
 Was slapping and gone stage from nine o'clock till 12 30 at night in the morning
 Teaching how to do the stack which is awesome and I just like oh so tired and then today's happening and I woke up
 And I'm just like I'm dead
 Like hosting an event and we're launching the event and we're launching cookbook
 We're launching onboarding process new sales letter new demo pages plus a lot marketing sequencing automation. I still got great today
 And then tonight I have my family pictures
 Why anyway, so welcome stage to film my crap. I still fight crap
 I honestly if I'm meaningfully honest like the last thing I want to do today
 Is everything I got to do today
 But as I woke up this morning, I heard something ringing through my head. It was just quote. I heard from a friend
 I'll tell you about this era from a teacher and it's 90 90 yards death not a touchdown make
 now the back story behind the so I was I went to
 BYU Brigham University my freshman year and I was a wrestler there and towards the end of it
 I decided I was gonna go serve a mission for my church and so I got
 I started to sign for some missionary prep classes
 So I sign for some missionary prep classes and my missionary prep teachers name was Randy bot
 He's written three or four books on like going on a mission and all kind of stuff right
 He's in the class and he's talking about how like for more missioners
 You got for two years and you go through this whole process and you know for two years
 You're out knocking doors. You don't get it. You call home on Mother's Day and on Christmas. You don't you don't give date girls
 You don't get to watch TV. You're just out there for two years, right and it's tough
 Anyway, I remember he gave this lesson one time and title this lesson was 90 90 yards
 It's not a touchdown make you talked about how you go out there and you're serving this thing for two years
 He says that you know
 Let's say you serve a really good mission in the last four or five months
 You kind of like I'm just gonna relax and take easy
 You know and kind of goof off and whatever he's like if you do that like it'll it'll like the destiny of your life will change
 Because you decide to slack off said in football game you can work your butt off drive, you know
 90 90 yards all the way across the field gets from that the one-yard line and if you don't kick that in if you don't
 Cover it across the goal if you don't make a touchdown
 You get zero points. It's not like oh, you know, they did a really good job
 We'll give them three like no you either make it or you don't 90 90 yards is death not a touchdown mate
 You've got to score touchdown and you don't get points
 And that was kind of the the moral of that lesson and I remember that as I was on my mission
 Switched towards the end when I was tired and I was ready to get home and and I remember that ringing through my heads
 Like hey 99 yards does not a touchdown make you've got to get in the end
 So you got to finish this strong and so I did and then you know
 I remember when I was wrestling had the same thing my senior year wrestling was wrestling a guy that was I think the time he drank seventh in the country
 and
 went out there and
 And I don't think I was ranked this at this time
 I lost some match the shouldn of early and so I dropped out the rankings and wrestling this guy and like our paper
 I should not beat him and went out there and remember wrestling him and
 At first he came out really hard and strong and was beating me and then I came back and it's fighting back fighting back fighting back
 So eventually I ended up tying him and we went into overtime and overtime
 Thought the ring through my head was 99 yards death not a touchdown make like I've come all this way and killed myself
 You know I cut waited for a week and did all these things that the match of fighting fighting fighting fighting like fight
 If I lose now like if I stop now like it's over and I just like I can't stop can't stop and went out there
 I remember an overtime
 I took him down and we were jumping on like crazy and the news was there so cool
 The news captured that and that night is on the nightly news
 What's showing me taking this guy down at overtime and it was it was awesome. So
 Yeah, so it's just interesting
 How that one phrase has helped me and now I looking at today and I woke up and I'm just like I
 Don't want to I don't want to do this. I want to go to bed
 I'm tired my nose is stuck. I'm beat up. You know today
 I'm gonna go I got five six hours to do and stuff
 I gotta get back on stage for the two hours and present and you know without I go home and I'm going to come back
 So everybody knows the stuff that you can hear I gotta come back and I'll probably be up here the office till two or three in the morning tonight
 And then tomorrow morning wake up and I got still to my presentation for my presentation tomorrow
 And then we got 400 people coming and I got to speak and entertained and I'm seeing the event and Gary Vaynerchuk speaking
 I'm speaking harm brothers are speaking and then
 And then we're gonna launch the viral video and then from there we're gonna go down play bubble soccer till like 10 o'clock at night
 It's hard to be tough too, but
 Yeah, 99 yards is not touched on make and I think a lot of times in business and other things people work so hard
 They get so close to the end and then the end they take the foot off the gas and what could have been amazing
 Ends up being good or not being anything at all
 And so if you guys I just want you think or just I want you know first off that you not get burned out like sometimes
 Today I don't want to do this thing like there's the last thing I have art
 I want to do is turn this car off and then walk in there
 But I'm gonna do it because I'm on the one-yard line and I know that
 The difference between champions and people who aren't is this last piece is pushing it over the edge is getting it out
 It's the last execution where most people quit or they ease up or they step off the gas and
 Instead of them step on the gas and we're gonna blow through this thing and freakin make a touchdown
 It's gonna be awesome. So that's what's happening today
 Hopefully this gives you some motivation because you guys were struggling or tired or worn out. I understand I've been there
 Push through the pain. You're almost there. You're on the one-yard line
 Just get through it. Just push to the end 99 yards not a touchdown make that last yard is the one that matters
 So don't give up. You're almost there. I'm almost there. I'm almost there. You're almost there. Let's do it together
 All right, okay go to side you guys have some fun and I'll see you guys on the other line
 I'll see you guys in the end zone. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
