 Hey, there's Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope you enjoyed the first half of my
 My consultation or everyone to call it with my original mentor mark joiner
 had a good time kind of going through
 So my quick critiques and feedback as well as telling a story and now the second episode I'm gonna go deeper into
 I believe five or six different things I would really be looking at if I was mark in my business right now
 And I wanted to show you guys once again because there are so many lessons that apply to all of you
 In fact, you know a lot of stuff
 I'm talking about with mark in this in this interview
 The same things if you were to hire me or to sit with me at dinner or lunch or something and say you know critique my business
 Like the things I'm gonna share are pretty much the same things
 I'd probably share with most of you as well
 So I hope you take the rest of this podcast is to look back and look at this as if it's your own personal interview your own personal
 Console and don't look at it as like oh yeah marks you that marks you that look at it is like oh
 I should do that I could do that and hopefully gives you a ton of ideas for your business as well
 So that said I'm a cute the theme song when we come back. We'll finish up the exciting
 consultation with mark joiner
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is also Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Now I've got
 basically six things I want to go deeper into and
 This is this is stuff. That's a lot more than just like you know tweak the software make it easier. You know take way up
 So put yourself out there be more vulnerable those right those are I think messages
 This is like if we were saying like build
 Simpleology from the ground up today knowing that you know your goal someone asked me what your goal was and you said your goal was to build a
 Building our company. So it's like okay, if you're gonna build a billion dollar company from this or maybe it's a hundred billion
 Whatever it doesn't really matter
 But just knowing that that's the goal that it's gonna shift from lifestyle business
 Which I think it I'm assuming it has been up at this point to like I want to I want to build this thing and make it
 Significant then there's some core fundamental things I found on my my journey
 Okay, and as you know, I mean I'm sure you've watched my journey over the last decade and a half like I've been
 Scattered brain like crazy in fact. That was my biggest problems. I was doing this and this and then I was all over the place
 But in that journey of trying to billion things I learned some some powerful things that became the foundation for ClickFunnels
 Somebody and somebody did strategically and somebody I looked backwards in time
 I was like oh my gosh, that's why that thing worked and so I'm gonna go through some of those things and hope they help
 All right number one
 For simpleology if you really want this to become a billion dollar play like a big play it can't just be another
 productivity tool
 You have to create a new category for this thing if you're gonna be successful
 The book that I would highly recommend reading that's the best on the market about this concept is called play bigger and
 It's all about how to how to create your own category, right? And so what's interesting the book talks about how how?
 When a company becomes a category king, right?
 They become the best is the category king will suck up like 90% of the business in the category and then the last 10%
 That's still there is fought over by everybody else the other you know all the other companies fight over the last 10%
 Right and then get it's almost impossible to be thrown a category king. So each thing about each company right like who who owns?
 You know music, you know who owns
 Think about anything any category think about like it's there right there's Amazon books boom. There's Apple with
 With with iPods and music and things like that right? There's all these different things
 but there's only there's always one category king and
 And so what a lot of people do is they come to a bit into an industry and they're like, okay
 Who's your who's the players out there? And like who am I competing against like I saw this recently with?
 We have a mutual
 acquaintance who just launched a new company and and I respect this person a ton
 But essentially all his messaging is like we're like Shopify, but we're better and I'm like, ah you literally by doing that
 You are the ones fighting you become one of the people fighting over the last 10% because the category king of e-commerce
 Stuff has been has been claimed like somebody owns that and you can't get it. It's almost impossible to be thrown
 Shopify right so it's like you have to you have to like look at that and sidestep and design your own category
 So that played bigger books all about category design. It's interesting like I give this one one things
 I didn't know doing it but looking back. I was like oh my gosh
 That's why we were successful right like when we launched click funnels
 There were a lot of things out there like what was click funnels at the very beginning it was a page editor, right?
 And with a difference like there was a page editor category king like at the time it was lead pages right like lead pages was the thing
 It's like if we became and said hey, we're we're the best landing page software in the world
 We've been competing against category king had millions dollars in funding would have been really really difficult right?
 But instead we came in so look we're not like we do do landing page, but we're a funnel builder
 That's what we are and there was nobody else. It was a fun to build at the time, right?
 Okay, same thing like infusion software cloud became outside. We are the best marketing automation platform on planet earth
 I would have been going against like infusion software was a category king
 It's like for me to go into that market right compete. It's literally almost impossible to just throw in the category king
 Let's say you a lot of stupid things
 But it would have been a hard uphill battle we probably wouldn't have ever won
 So instead we designed our own category
 Which was like we're gonna be the category king of sales funnels like and because there's no one else in there
 Like we automatically by default where we were the category king we have that now and now we had this
 Strategic advantage over everybody else. It wasn't us building a better mousetrap
 It was us building a different thing right it was becoming our own category and then we were able to grow like crazy
 And it was cool was like the tangential categories will bleed into it
 We sucked up all these pages business
 We sucked up all infusion software businesses and and we now have those things and yes Clickphones does the end page
 Yes, clickphones does your marking automation, but we don't sell those things right?
 We sell that we are a funnel builder. That's we are we are the category king of funnel builders
 And since we launched ClickFunnels, there's been dozens and dozens and dozens of people have come
 But right now they're all fighting over the last 10% right and I don't know if you see it
 But I see it every single day because I get notified by every single person who's you know the next ClickFunnels killer
 It's coming out. It's like good luck you can have the scraps
 There's 10% of people there who are not gonna stick with us
 But the rest of the market we own unless I do something stupid or the software crashes like we're gonna we'll maintain
 You know being the category kings it'll be almost impossible to throw on us just because it is right
 So that's number one is for you now. I say like like what is simple ology?
 It is core I look at it and it's like okay. It's it's
 project management software kind of is it is it um
 You know like is it personal development like what's the like what's the what exactly is there?
 Like what is it the category king of and I don't really know when I look at I'm not really sure
 It's like the headlines a day the ritual that turned your go switch to on see more time switch off
 So it's kind of like project management. It's getting things done as task management
 But I don't really know what it is right and the problem is that there are some really like project management software
 There's some amazing ones out there category Kings right that have you know some have millions dollars of funding like a trello
 Or there's people like base camp that have you know
 They have have made that their thing and like they've they've built it so deep and so wide
 It's like how you come into throwing something like that like it's not gonna be easy
 Okay, I mean near impossible though
 So it's like if you're a task manager software or project management software like oh that that's gonna be so so difficult so hard
 Right, so it's like it's not saying take those things out of the app
 It's saying like what's what's the unique thing that you have that nobody else has right?
 What's your funnel building thing? That's that's like an evolution of what any of the other things right?
 So I think the first thing is just really spending time figuring that out like what what are you gonna become the category king in?
 Because we can identify that and then you can start designing that category then it can be yours now
 You can own it now you can go after it
 And you'll suck people in from all these other tools like like the side tangential competitors
 But that's just like a nice benefit. That's not that it's not the goal the goal is like I'm gonna become the category king of this
 And I don't know what that is exactly
 Partially because I know a lot of features
 Simplology, but I don't like the core message the core beliefs the core thing that you're obsessed with right like I spent the last
 Decade in my life being obsessed with sales funnels. I've literally bought every single person's product
 That's ever sold anything on the internet and looked at every funnel cuz I'm obsessed with I can't click on an ad not buy
 Everything just to see what happens on the backside right like there's nobody on planet earth more obsessed with funnels than me
 Like it's impossible and so for me like that's why this became why it was such an easy thing for us
 That's what we drifted there is because I didn't care about landing page. I didn't care about marketing animation
 I care about what happened on page one what happened on page two what happened on page three?
 And so like that's what I was obsessed with cuz that's what we became the category king with and so for you
 It's like I know I know you've got the software that does these things
 But I think this bigger than that I know what's bigger than that cuz I know you you know the book
 Simplology goes deeper than that. There's more cool stuff than that like that alone
 I'd go back and reread your own book like I recently did that on my own
 Which is really weird and awkward but going back to that like the roots because you wrote that back in the beginning when you were like
 In the most passionate time right? I know you wrote
 Three or four books around that time and you told me back after I came over for after the ears of spall offer or or
 or the
 After a minute named the second one the second drink of water was
 Anyway, I can't remember which but remember you tell me like all these books are leading up to this one
 Which is called simpleology that you're so excited about I go back to read that
 I'd be like okay
 What is like when I read this book like what am I the category king of like what is the thing?
 It's not just to do lists. It's not making things simpler. It's something bigger than that
 But you got to figure out what that is like what is that that thing right?
 Okay, so that's number one
 Is is becoming a category king and that's that's the core like strategic shift
 That then there's million tactics behind that that'll make this easier. That's the core thing. All right number two
 After the book play bigger then you should read my book expert secrets
 I'm assuming you haven't read them. Maybe you have but if you haven't I'm gonna give you quick just because there's
 It's it's really very important. I think you would love it because the whole book is based and framed around like how do you build a mass
 Movement of people right we're building click funnels
 I remember at that time I went to a network marketing convention for a network marketing company that is a software platform
 That sends out cards in the mail right and everyone going there
 There's like 5,000 people and and everyone's going crazy people on stage crying and that's sitting next to David
 Fry and Davily know when he goes do you see what's happening here? I'm like no, I'm so confused
 He's like he's like they're a software company. I'm like, I know why are people crying about sending out a card?
 Like I don't get this he said because they're not selling software
 He said they've created a movement that's why people are here and I was like to light bulb my head like oh my gosh
 If click funnels is software we're gonna lose this game, right?
 Click funnels have to be big and ask me more than that how to create a movement and I went to this whole like two-year-long geek out
 Session like how do you create a cult which is really fun?
 I know you've read probably most of the books that I read
 Around that topic but from that as I did my geek out session. I was like oh my gosh
 There's the pattern of what creates a mass movement what creates a cult right?
 What creates these things that happen positive and negative like from the negative side of like deep dark evil cults
 The positive side of things I believe like Christianity things like that like the pattern that creates all those things are the same
 And so they open you actually were secretly draws a little triangle
 So there's three pieces that every mass movement has and something kind of go through those three because of three tie tie back to you
 Number one is every one of these mass movements has a charismatic leader
 And so for click funnels like I deem myself that person like I'm the person is obsessed with this
 I need to be out there. I gotta be living it every single day
 I remember when you were in Boise and I was in click funnels. I was building funnels is geek me out
 I I sensed and I don't know if you said it verbally or not, but I sensed that you were
 Surprised that I was in click funnels all day building stuff and click funnels. I was obsessed with it
 Like I I'm not only I didn't just make the cool it
 I'm drinking it to you right and same thing's got to be true for you man
 Like you have to live the message whatever this simple all g message is like you have to be the greatest student of it
 Right like people ask me all the time like Russell. How come you're still launching funnels like every month?
 I'm like because I have to be the funnel guy
 I gotta be one doing this or else no one else is gonna do it
 Right the reason why lead pages stopped having success is because clay Collins stop building lead pages
 He stopped building pages and generating leads. That's it
 Why did a clay mass stop having success with infusion soft he quit building marketing campaigns?
 Okay, why am I winning click funnels because every single day we're launching a new funnel every single day
 I'm in it. I'm building I'm doing it. I'm showing people I have videos of me building funnels talking about strategy
 I'm doing it. I'm living it. I've never once seen you log into simple. All of you do something
 So I don't believe that that you actually use in your life
 Okay, if if I did and I'd be like oh my gosh
 I want a mark Scott and I do I have so much respect for you
 I see you I'm like like some of the things you like when you were in Boise and we were doing the ring stuff
 And you were eating just one salad a day like I literally to this day since you left I eat one salad a day almost
 perfectly
 because you did that you talk like
 Just like I connect you like I want to be mark other people will do that as well
 But you've got to be doing it like whenever you're preaching and teaching and showing in simple. Oh gee you got to be doing it
 Right people see me build funnels like multiple times a week
 That's why I buy click funnels
 It's the first thing the first part every mass movement is they have a charismatic leader who is drink who who is the hyperfan?
 They've drunk the Kool-Aid the most they are the cheerleader
 I was hoping on the dancing monkey on stage and every single day
 I am preaching about the thing that I believe it and that message doesn't end
 I think the biggest problem
 I had the first decade and half of my business was that I was jumping from thing to thing to thing to thing to thing
 And when I set down my roots and said I am the funnel dude and all I'm gonna talk about for next
 You know 20 years my life is building funnels. That's when people came. That's when the masses came
 That's when I went from just being a one-off, you know another product launch
 I made a quick million bucks to this is something that that's important and that matters
 And so that's the first the first thing in our investment is there's charismatic leader
 Again, we could geek out and go so deep on that how it works
 But the biggest thing is just people need to see you drink in the Kool-Aid
 And then they will follow you they'll plug in they will they'll start following you
 All right number two the second tier in my little triangle thing is that
 People move towards the future based cause right and so in the expert secrets book
 I show a whole bunch of political elections and it's fascinating almost with a hundred percent accuracy whichever political candidate talks about about
 Improvement like we're gonna improve things they lose to the person that talks about future based cause
 It's it's it's fascinating like Obama talked about change right and
 I can't remember I hit the book. I'm like here's what you know so-and-so running as a bomb
 He said this which is like we're gonna prove upon the thing and and Bob was like we're gonna change right Trump is like
 We're gonna make America great again like every person wins is like we're gonna change what's happening like people want change
 They want they want to shift and they need to believe like the future where they're going is is is the big thing right?
 That's the big shift and so for me. It's like when someone comes to the click phone
 I was like yeah, it's software
 But if I want them to to set down roots here and to be here I have to get them things to shoot for right and so one of the biggest things we did
 Initially was the two comic-club board like what's the ultimate result?
 Something gets from building a funnel is it making million dollars?
 I have fun so we have to reward that and put it up on stage make a pedestal for people to move towards it right?
 It's a future based cause it's like this is where we're going
 You know the the slogan the motto that we have and in
 Clickfunnels is the one funnel way I get teased and ridiculed by the big-time marketers because that I was she's like
 Oh, really? You went fun away? I'm like dude that mantra that that calling card
 Makes me more money per day than you guys make in any of your product launches like like it
 People need to have that you have this thing so they're moving towards like one funnel way
 I can do it I can do it and then the big goal
 They want it's making million dollars side of funnel and so we created an award as you know the two comic-club award and people
 They aspire to see that they want to move towards that and they like they visualize and they like people like literally
 Had data Derek's took a magic mark and drew picture of the two comic-club on his she rock wall
 So you can see it every day till he got to the actual one award
 He covered that thing up and like people have this this future based cause they're moving towards right and
 When they have that then they're start moving towards this my question like someone comes in simple logic
 What's the result? I'm trying to get?
 Because if I can't define it they can't see it. They're not gonna stick right
 Like for me to get more time. That's good, but what does that mean to get more things done? That's good
 But like what's the future based cause future? It's gotta be something it's gonna be something that like they're shifting away to right?
 I can't be like I'm trying to make I'm gonna get this thing better. I'm gonna talk about
 That more in the next one here, but the future based causes is the key
 I can be I think if I was joining simpleology, you know the the big the big the big thing like what's the camp?
 What's the?
 Sorry, I'm kind of struggling to get this out because I want to make sure I'm saying it right like pretend like you as the leader of
 the simple all-g world you're running for president, right and
 And you're standing up on stage and you're saying we're gonna make America great again
 Like that's what we need a political slogan, right?
 It's like hey, we join simpleology blah when you come to fun. I can live you're just one funnel way
 We're gonna show you exactly that funnel is right. It's me showing him that like this is the future
 We're gonna help you get there and then and then Adam
 We have some kind of something some character get them to that thing right like what's the award?
 What's the prize? What's the what's the thing people sign up for insanity like a workout to go kill themselves and they do it because they want
 t-shirt at the end right like that's the
 Like that's the the goal they're moving towards so for me. It's like when I try to simple all-g like what's the what's the political campaign that you're giving me?
 Like what's gonna happen in my life? How am I shifting and then what's the like?
 What's the what's the thing that I'm chasing the end?
 All right
 So number one was leader number two is future based cause and third part of this little triangle is
 You've got to create a new opportunity and this could this really does tie back to the whole category thing in the very the very first part
 I talked about but it's interesting like
 And again if you read extra secrets I go deep into this but
 Like every offer that one of two things right one is like an improvement offer where you help somebody be better stronger faster smarter
 Or there's new opportunity people don't like to buy improvement. They think they do but they don't
 Only like five percent of people in the world want improvement kids people like me who are geeking out who when you speak super high level
 I'm like oh plug me into that I need more of that
 But the rest of the masses the 95% plus of the world like they're not into improvement. That's why improvement offers never convert well
 What does convert well are new opportunities?
 Right, so I always look at like what's the end result that my customers trying to get right if they're coming to simple
 All gee they're trying to get some result. So it's more time. It's more energy. It's it's whatever again whenever you define that big thing as
 We talked about earlier, but then it's like I look at like what are the other vehicles?
 They're using to try to get that if I was in the weight loss market. I'm like, okay, they're using a ketogenic triad diet to get that there
 They're using
 Atkins with using paleo or the
 What's the carnivore where the carnivore daddy?
 There are all these different vehicles trying to get that result, right?
 So my job when I make a new offer saying is basically say look you think this is the goal you want you try to all these different
 Opportunity you've tried all these things
 And I'm not here to tell you I'm gonna make a better work
 I plan or a faster or whatever it intends an e and e are in in the the verbets. It's an improvement offer
 It's like I'm shifting everything you need this other thing. It's called funnel. You just other thing. It's called blah, right?
 What's the new opportunity you're promoting you're giving them, right?
 It's all about creating new opportunities, and so I could go on that I could do a two-day event
 So a new opportunity is so important, but that's a big concept is is simple. All you need to be new opportunity, right?
 Like what are they currently doing to try to get this result and what's the new opportunity you're plugging them into?
 Because if you have a better task management software your your improvement offer if you have a better
 way to
 Get things done a better way to manage projects your new opportunity, right? You're not a category king
 You anyway, so that's the big things like how do I transition everything I'm doing from from
 From improvement to opportunity shifting to opportunity. All right, so that's the first force
 So number one was becoming category key number two is the future or the the charismatic leader number through his future based cosmer fortune opportunity
 All right number five thing we're talking about is how to sell so
 One thing I'm gonna teach you about hopefully that's okay is on your thank you page you said
 Nearly one million users and growing most all through word of mouth
 Which means you're bragging that you're not spending money on ads which makes me want to cry because if you're ready to billion dollars
 Yes, I'm spending a lot of money on ads so
 so I don't want to use that as like a
 War trophy that it's all word of mouth marketing or I want to use it
 I want to use the you know the trophy of like we're spending a million dollars a month in advertising
 That's a better trophy because that means you are everywhere and people can't get away from you
 Which is we're right now, right? It's like that's that's a badge of honor that I want to put on myself because
 It means I'm everywhere right which is the goal like I want it
 I want to just infiltrate if I want to change people's lives
 I want to make sure that anywhere they look I'm there reminding them consistently that I'm there right?
 Okay, so I'm walking through like the funnel how we started how we had success to click fun
 What we did initially was we pushed everyone to a free fourth-day trial and a couple things happened number one is we could not buy
 Traffic to click funnels calm, right?
 Which is I'm sure happened here
 I give a 30-day free trial so you spending money you're in the whole 30 days and it's just it's hard to get the money back
 Right, and then we didn't affiliate launch that and affiliates wouldn't promote because they're like well
 So how do I get paid? I'm like you get paid in 30 days you get your commission and I that's too long away
 affiliates attention events short and then my
 Ability spend money and ads and wait that float it was low and so like we kept trying it didn't work didn't work didn't work
 So then we shifted to like a webinar model where we sold click funnels and we made a thousand dollar version
 $1,000 version of click funnels when they got at the time it was 12 months of click funnels for a thousand bucks plus a
 Much other cool things in the offer we launched it that way and what happened we do webinar make a whole bunch of money
 But then we were like in this launch game
 Or it's like we made a hundred grand this week and then nothing the next week then a hundred guy next week and then nothing next week
 And I was like I don't want click funnels to be launched business either because I'm gonna get tired eventually
 And I want the money to stop like and so we kept trying funnel after funnel after funnel and then this was the secret sauce
 This is what made click funnels blow up is
 That all the ads we drove were through a webinar all the thillest product of webinar everything up in the webinar right webinar
 It happened we sell the thousand dollar version and we make a big pop of cash and that big hunk of cash upfront would pay off the ad
 Cost to pay off the affiliate it was awesome
 But then what was interesting is that on the thank you page after the register for the webinar at a little of video
 That said hey, thank you so much for registering for the webinar before you show up
 I'm gonna be showing you how to use this new cool tool called click funnels
 Go get a free for today trial right now
 I'll play with a little bit then show up on the webinar. I'm gonna show you how to use it
 That was it and what started happening is that for every one person that that paid for the thousand dollars on the webinar
 Three would sign up and stick in the trial, right?
 It's what that mean that meant that after the first 12 months we had 2,500 people that paid the thousand dollars
 We made 2.5 million dollars from that, but we had 7500 people
 Who had who had who would join the trial and stuck and then the other 2500 so we had 10,000 people in the year one
 Who are now paying 97 dollars a month a monthly which made it which was what's that a million dollars a month right and that was the big secret
 Because we were able to get the upfront cash to cover affiliates and cover ads and then we got the long-term cash
 From all the residual continuity and that that blend is what made click phones blow up because I would be spending more money
 than anybody else in the world and
 And that we could it was just like it was when we figured that out. It was like on like Donkey Kong
 I was literally doing three plus live webinars a day multiple times a week
 And we're doing it with the phillates doing Facebook ads from YouTube ads
 You're more affiliates doing like everything we could to give the momentum because like when you know what it is when offers hot
 It's hot and you want to run with as fast as hard as you can and I do that every single day for a year
 Live webinar and then at that point we started automating it more because I
 Got tired, but this day I can still tell that webinar word for word
 Okay, so that's kind of the funnel we use so for you I recommend same things after you really identify like what your core messages with
 Symbology what you're gonna be the category king in like like really identifying you as the leader like what things you're gonna share
 Like what are the what are the pieces your personality want to bring out?
 It's like this is the funnel and the webinar I would use it to sell to really start blowing it up
 One thing was to back on to number two we talked about the the charismatic leader
 I know Justin Brooke asked us in one of the follow comments was just kind of
 He's something about you know who or that was the first company who are you now?
 Mark are you a fitness guy you this you this you this and you said something it was interesting like you didn't want to just pigeonhole
 Like I do a lot of things like it was interesting
 I look when I started this business was very similar
 I was I had learned all the pieces like I learned copyright on Facebook ads
 Google ads SEO PPC
 Like all these different things and so like I would I would pride myself like everyone else has got a thing
 But I'm I'm able to do all things like do all things better than them and I and it was funny
 Because I go to events people like what do you do?
 I'm like oh I do this and this and this and like okay, okay, and like well, that's Jeff Walker
 He does product launches boom. They go to him give him money
 Oh, there's you know whoever does that see on they go give that person money and then me
 I'm like but I do all that I do that plus this plus and like nobody wants to hire generalists though generalist
 They all want specialist right so like what do you specialize in and literally for me like
 like going from like doing well to like exploding was when I said like I'm the dude who does funnels and
 That's my thing
 That's my magic and then it was amazing because click funnels blew up and then my
 Mash my groups blew up and then like everyone on planet earth wants me to speak to be like the funnel guy and it's funny because it's like
 Like I still teach everything right I still teach you how to but I I tagged the word funnel to everything right?
 So it's like okay. Here's your funnel. I'm gonna show you how to fill your funnel
 I'm gonna show you so that I can go on traffic stuff
 I'm gonna show you how we do our follow-up funnel to my email my communication. I'm gonna show you it's like I can start
 Like I picked the thing that's my thing when I can teach everything else that I do around it
 I think for you to send me like you got to really figure like this is the thing that I'm that I do
 But then you can do all you can still teach everything and be everything you want around it
 You just figure that thing out right if Anthony de Clemente
 It was like when I first came to him before he launched his biohackers guide to health and energy
 He was like biohacking everything so I was like well what do we buy back everything like you name it?
 I can do it all make what about this. Yes. What about this? Yes, and like he literally knew everything like smart as you never met and
 Then I'm like okay. That's cool
 But like who we gonna sell is like everybody I can sell anything like every person you bring me I can fix them
 I'm like okay, well
 Let's like let's pick the focus and I was like what are the two things that people want the most and he's like for me
 It's focused in energy. I'm like boom. Okay, write a book just on like biohacking for for energy and focus like
 Because we saw that to entrepreneurs we saw like you know whatever and then he wrote this book
 And it'd be like eight thousand pages just on foot on energy for energy and focus
 Right and it blew up and then now he gets clients to come in for energy and focus
 But he's able to work on all the stuff around that
 But he's known as like look if you need energy or focus like this is the dude
 You'll buy a hockey get your energy back get your focus back
 And that was the core message most people wanted but it brings them every client case you can dream up right?
 So few is kind of same thing. Sorry, I digressed. I should share that back in the lead apart
 I'm excited. All right number five is how to sell
 And then number six K so I look at we got number one becoming category king number two cares back later
 Number three future based cause number four new opportunity number five
 The the funnel structure how to sell software and number six is front and funnels
 so
 As you probably know if you look deep into what we do, you know
 Click funnels is a software platform. We sell click phones all the long and it's it's it's awesome
 But most of the money we spend nowadays is either the webinar I talked about earlier or two different
 front ends so my expert secrets book my dot com secrets book
 My 30 days book my one funnel way challenge like most of the money
 We spend is on front end funnels because front end funnels are easier to make your money back quick, right?
 Like I want less upsells inside click funnels. I want more upsells in
 You know in front end funnels. So it's a book funnel things like that and start thinking like you have so many assets in fact
 I logged into
 Oblology and I bought everything from like day one. So inside my members area
 See if I can find my login real quick again
 You have the whole section with
 with all of
 Pulling up all the old stuff. I bought right. I still remember of everything you ever sold
 Legacy course where there it is
 My favorite thing still is simple. All do you want to one?
 Like I love that program like the law of straight lines on the law of clear vision a lot of folks attention like that right there
 Is an amazing friend you can sell for it doesn't even matter. It's not about money right yourself for seven bucks for 37 for 47 like that right there
 That training is already done. You're like 10 years ago. It's amazing. It's in Adobe flash
 You have to update it because no one's got flash anymore
 But there's people you can pay like 50 bucks and they'll turn it from flash into an actual video, right?
 But like simple as you want one is a friend and funnel right your simple all g book like oh my gosh
 That book is amazing by the way like everybody should go and read it
 And then you should go back and like make a free plus shipping on simple all of you book and bring people through up sell down
 So process right but like those friend and funnels is what what brings in customers for free
 And then they get indoctrinated to you to the tract of character the future base cause new opportunity
 And then from there then they sign up and drove into your into your software, right?
 right now today
 we get
 On average between like 1,500 and 1,800 people a day that sign up for click funnels
 Right that means they go to click phones and they create step one of their account from that
 800,000 people fill their credit card so we get a hundred thousand people a day that sign up for click funnels that aren't tracked back to an ad
 Okay, these are people who bought one my friend funnels the front of funnel does all this stuff
 I talked about earlier right it it defines myself as category king it connects them to me as a charismatic leader
 Shows in the future based cost they have a vision where they're going and it offers them a new opportunity and
 Funnels is the answer for me for all my front ends right?
 So every friend I have brings them back and click phones brings them back
 So we spend insane amount somebody some people these front ends and then people come in droves to the software because of that
 And my books aren't like
 We have friends who have written books. They're just long form sells letters from wherever they sell my books not that way
 It's a book like I barely I can the last page and make oh by the way if you want to use click funnels is awesome click here
 But like my book is not a sells
 But it's just a book that that indoctrinates them on what they need to believe and then the answer is they have to have funnels
 Like that's that's just how it works is they come they come that direction right?
 I think you've got so many amazing front ends that are already done that are sitting here all these elective courses you have that are
 They're amazing the core courses the books you've written you've written some amazing books like the ears is below first still one of my favorite books
 Simple all these amazing my control marketing like there's so much cool stuff
 You can go through and start creating as front ends in fact my biggest problem right now is I have so many Russell Brunson front ends out there
 like
 You know the marketplace is so saturated that here's 800 Russell ads every single day
 It's like right now we're going to be partnerships with other authors who've written books that the that I can tie back into click funnels
 And we're doing they're building out their whole free plus shipping funnels just with the goal of getting a customer for free and then introducing
 You know click funnels
 Number six is just taking all this amazing stuff you create over the past and creating front and funnels with a goal of acquiring
 Customers and pushing him into into the software so
 Mark we're almost an hour long. I hope there's some value here. I hope
 Yeah, I hope you got some ideas. I know there's a lot. I'm gonna kind of recap it really quick so
 Just got my initial quick comments were
 You know going back simple. I'm trying to make it simple and have people opt into the complexity of the software
 With upsells taking out the upsells when people log in
 Stripping on almost all maybe one upsell and somebody creates their account
 but focus using the upsells later on the friend and funnels and then really becoming more more vulnerable like less like
 Like let the significance drop let the vulnerability open up and let people be connected to you because mark you are one of the most fascinating
 amazing people I've ever met
 and
 and when you when you
 Feel comfortable becoming vulnerable and open that up to people
 You're gonna get all the significance you've ever craved or dreamed for
 So I hope I hope that yeah, that's what I've been most nervous about sharing but I hope I think it's the most important
 Then after that the big core shifts number one is really focusing on
 What do you want to become the category king of this is not just software?
 It's the software's the contents. It's all the stuff in this business of simple. Oh gee if you want to become a billion
 Dollar brand, I believe you have to be your own category
 And so I read the book play bigger, which is all about category design. It's amazing number two three and four
 Be sure to read the book expert secrets that goes in detail, but it's really about identifying and yourself as a charismatic leader
 Finding your voice for you exactly where in the market you're gonna be
 Where you're gonna become the person right number two is figuring out your future based cause number three is how do you structure what you're doing as a new opportunity?
 All those things are getting the extra secrets book
 Then number five here is is structuring how you sell and how do you create actual webinar?
 Which by the way the extra secrets book is also teaches you how to
 Instructional whole webinar go slide by slide through the whole webinar process
 So that would be the next piece is like here's how structural webinar to sell this amazing new opportunity for people and
 Number six is after you've got the webinar up and running and sales coming that's coming back to these amazing assets
 You've already created the past and turning them into into awesome front ends the great formula that was the one I can remember the name of there
 You go
 Anyway, so I hope that helps
 You know if I was to start a business from scratch
 Today those six things the first thing that'd be mapped out
 What we're the category king of what's the attractive character how we identify that one of their beliefs?
 What are we focusing on like what's the who are we the thing of?
 You know, it's future based cause list new opportunity
 How we can sell this thing and what for an ends?
 We also built to bring more more blood more traffic into our world so the helps man. I appreciate you
 I'm grateful for you so grateful that 15 years ago you were willing to
 To be a marketer and to sell and to sell aggressively and to convince me to part with money
 I didn't have
 Because you gave me hope of a future that I didn't even know is possible that now is here
 And I'm so grateful for it and grateful for you for making those sacrifices back before we had a million ebooks and training courses and
 And things you back before we had Facebook ads and simplicity of driving traffic before Instagram before all these amazing tools
 You went out there and you were a pioneer and and you busted your butt and you cut your teeth and you figured out stuff
 Before any of us could and I'm always grateful for the pioneers
 I'm that went before us. I'm super grateful for you especially because you're the one that had the impact on me
 And they got me the the shifts I needed to be able to be successful in this business
 I hope that in some way this gave back to you because you've given so much to me in my life
 So I appreciate you man
 and hopefully everyone who's been listening in on this podcast
 gained from it and
 That you guys will have a chance to now if you haven't heard a mark before
 Get connected with him go follow him on Facebook. He's an amazing human and
 Like I said the original the OG internet market back figuring this stuff out before it even seemed it existed so
 I hope you guys enjoyed this episode. It's so please take a screenshot of it on your phone posted on Instagram and
 Tag me and use hashtag marketing secrets and
 I don't have marks even on Instagram
 Let's get him on Instagram as well if he's on Instagram tag him there to if not go tag him on Facebook and tell me appreciate him
 For the legacy he left and for all of us to kind of follow
 Thanks everybody. I appreciate you all and we'll talk to you all again on the next episode
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 behind the scenes reality TV show at
 www.funnelhacker.tv
 me.
