 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today
 We are recording from my new work at home course creation studio at my house
 And we're talking about creating your course and some of the tips and the tricks that I've been learning along the way as I'm creating
 A brand new course first time I've done this in a while and it's been so much fun
 Hopefully this will give you some ideas as you were creating your courses as well
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so I
 Don't know about you, but in my role here at ClickFunnels HQ. I have a lot of different hats, right?
 There's like Russell's the CEO hat there's Russell the author hat Russell the webinar guy hat Russell the
 Anyway, there's lots of hats that we have to wear and half
 I used to wear all the time back when I was starting this game was the hat of someone who creates courses
 But that has been taken off and put on the shelf for a long time and this week
 I've been putting the hat back on because I'm creating this brand new
 Coaching curriculum that I'm really really proud of anyway, so
 So basically
 So basically what I wanted to talk you about is some of the things that I'm learning is I'm pretty set back on because I'm kind of
 relearning how to do it and it's been fun
 But I want to stress one thing and I've done a couple podcasts episodes about this
 I talked about phonological apps and I can go deep into it
 But a big part of it is understanding like how to teach your framework, right?
 Because the course is just basically you teaching your framework
 And so if you want to go deeper into that go back into the marketing secrets
 Podcasts back archives and look for the episode about
 About the framework on the framework for teaching your framework
 Anyway, I think it's it's a good one, but basically that's that's where I would start
 I'm not gonna go deep in that right now, but that's how we teach framework, right?
 We go through talking about how you learned it and you earned it talking about
 Step number one number two is a strategy and then the tactics and then the results from other people like that's the four steps of how you teach your framework
 So but also the context of that like how do you actually make the course and so this web and learning?
 So this is what I've been doing. This is my process so far
 So number one I'm using a really cool new app called workflowy to outline my course
 Okay, so workflow is like this I think you call an infinity document where basically you have a bullet list and you make from there
 You could sub bullet sub bullet sub bullet and each each bullet can become its own page to go deeper deeper deeper
 So what I did is I created the course initially the first this course right now eight modules
 So I was like came module one two three to have the first eight bolts with eight modules, right?
 Then I go to the one like bullet number one and say here's the module. Here's all the different
 Lessons inside of this module I said all the lessons and I go do one into each those each lesson becomes a bullet point
 They click on that it goes inside then I have now the outline for each of the lessons and then inside that there and go
 another level deeper and then you know I mean so it's really cool you can like
 Structure your outline for your course really easily workflow. I love it. It's it's really really powerful
 So that's the first tool. Okay, second tool now is now
 I gotta turn this stuff into an actual course and there's new software that it's probably not new for everyone's new for me
 It's called ecam live that is amazing. It records your webcam
 It records your iPad records your desk like all these different things you can flash back and forth and do everything and some recording at all in
 ecam live which has been
 Really really cool as well
 And so that's been a spend an amazing tool I've been using
 And then the third thing and this is the thing I want to spend most of the time talking on today is
 How you actually teach the course curriculum and it's funny because
 Most of the teaching I do that I've been doing nowadays is like me sitting on stage, you know teaching a presentation
 So I have an outline presentation I teach I tell stories and I teach for most parts a strategy, right?
 People get the strategy, but I haven't been as much of a tactical teacher because it's just it's different tactically
 I sit down like you're step one and two and then you're doing the thing and it's funny when I remember when I first got in this business
 Bill Glaser was my first master my Bill Glaser Dan Kennedy's master my group
 So Bill Glaser is my first mentor
 I remember sitting in one of the rooms one time and they were talking about a coaching program and the phrase that they use
 I'm telling you this because this is the the inside I want to show you today
 They called it an over-the-shoulder coaching program and I was like that's interesting and basically Bill said
 Yeah, it's basically imagine you're sitting at your desk doing the thing you do and someone's watching over your shoulder and an over-the-shoulder coaching program
 They're seeing you do the thing and I realized like that's the piece of a missing in the curriculum that were
 This new coaching course is I was teaching the strategy people get the ideas and I was like oh I understand this
 I understand I do it, but then they were missing is like the actual over the shoulder like let me show you like let me actually do it
 It's what we're doing right now for this coaching program. It's so cool isn't send me teaching. I hear how to do it
 I'm actually doing it right so I'm literally launching a brand new company
 I went bought the domain and then I went and I got the logos designed and then I went and I did my dream 100
 I open up Trello and like I'm doing the entire process right now with them and they're watching over the shoulder
 So it's not just like here. Let me tell you the tactics of how this works
 It's literally like okay pop over the shoulder. I'm doing this okay and just follow me just do the same steps like I'm not
 I'm not missing a step because if I miss the step I'm making a video show you oh I forgot about this step
 Here it is and I'm literally doing the whole thing with them right over the shoulder coaching program
 And so that's the big thing I want to share with you of course
 Like there's obviously the parts you're teaching the strategy and the tactics all those kind of things
 But if you look at it from this lens of like like imagine the person's came to your house
 And they're sitting behind you looking over your shoulder as you do the whole thing. That's the power
 Like that's what people really want this at the step at least I think so I'll find out if nobody buys this
 All know but that's kind of game plan because I'm showing over the shoulders now
 It's no more like strategy or theory like oh yeah Russell that worked a year ago
 But doesn't work today or this worked at one time, you know
 But but the the markets changed whatever it's like no let me like literally just sit here and watch me do it and then just copy me
 Like that's literally the the process in the path and so I want to show you because I think that's the third tier here
 As you're developing your courses to look at as an over the shoulder coaching program
 Neecam live is cool because that's how it works like in my setup here
 I've got um my desktop where I'm showing the screen. I'm actually doing this stuff
 So you can see it there's my webcam so I can talk directly to it
 I also have my iPad and I have my powerpoint slides on my iPad so I can like
 Shift it to powerpoint saying like hey, here's the strategy understand and make it
 And I'm gonna I'm gonna jump back to my desktop and actually do it and come back to the strategy and then go back to the desktop
 So I'm going strategy tactic strategy tactic strategy tactics your tactics being like the over the shoulder
 Here's me doing the thing and um so far since so much fun
 I think anyway, I'm excited to start sharing this to people
 This is part of the new updated to comic club x coaching program
 The first module is called ignite. We're gonna be igniting a business
 I'm literally like I said brand new business from scratch taking it and doing it with everybody so
 It's gonna be fun. I'm excited to share
 To share the results and and and see what happens. So anyway, I'm sure that with you guys for a couple reasons
 Number one, hopefully get excited about
 Joining the two thawmocubx coaching program in your future if that over opens up
 Number two
 Because as you're creating your own courses think about from that from that lens of I'm creating something where someone's watching me over the shoulder
 as I'm doing it and
 If you look at that lens it changes how you create the course content and it changes how you teach it changes a bunch of stuff because you're not just like
 Randomly, you know talking about stuff. You're actually doing it letting people watch you do it, which is pretty powerful. So
 um, I said the tools we're using to do this myself is workflow. We'd outline the course
 e-cam live to record the course and uh and understanding the strategy of like kind of the
 the
 Framework how to teach frameworks, which is again. Here's how I learned or I earned it. Here's the strategy now over the shoulder
 Here's the tactics of me doing it and it showed case studies electrical done as well
 Which in this case the case study is me as I'm doing it live in front of his live studio audience
 A live issue studio audience. I guess I should say so anyway, it's been a lot of fun
 I haven't done course creation for a long time. It's been really cool. I'm enjoying it had a lot of fun with it
 Hopefully if you guys haven't created your own course you should as well too
 I know we have a course called course secrets coming out in the future
 Uh, I bought the domain a little while ago. So we got to create create a course on courses now
 Because everybody's ever done the course once create course on courses
 So I'm gonna teach you my course on courses because um, but anyway, I gotta get through this course first. I can make sure I
 Uh remember all the updated things and how we're doing it. So I said the word course like 18 times in that sentence
 It's kind of funny anyway. All right guys. That's all I got for today
 I'm gonna jump back in and guess what I'm gonna do get back to the studio
 Which is right here and I'm gonna keep on recording my course
 Um, I got a couple more modules or a couple more lessons trying to bust out today
 And then module number one will be finished for my night members and they are going to die when they see how cool this new
 Trading is so fun. All right guys
 Thanks so much for everything. I appreciate you all and I'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Um arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel away from something
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts
 Some of you guys are front away from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand
 This strategy. Hope you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful to your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side. Yo go
 Online and go to one funnel way.com. That's one funnel way.com and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away.com
 (upbeat music)
