 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing seekers podcast today
 We'll be talking about being an entrepreneur and sometimes
 Might not be good
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so as you know, I love entrepreneurs. I'm an entrepreneur
 I'm obsessed with entrepreneurs my entire goal in life is help entrepreneurs to change more people's lives
 Because I think that we are the only types of people who can because we're only types people crazy enough to risk
 Everything we have our money our time our energy our talents
 in the pursuit of creating something amazing that will change other people's lives and
 Some people think entrepreneurs are greedy. I like care about some money, and I don't believe that's true
 I believe some are yeah, they're definitely some that are but
 and I think that a lot of people get the entrepreneurial spark starts because of money because of the the desire for that but I think
 For most of us and you'll find that out if you're still in the path as you start making money
 It starts becoming stupid like you actually don't care about it at all because it's really not that cool
 Yeah, so there you go for those guys
 I hate to ruin the surprise for you, but when you get there nobody actually cares about money
 It's just the thing that you desire first until you get it, and then you're like huh that is actually was not nearly as cool
 I thought it was gonna be so but the cool thing is that in the interim is you start doing that you start serving people
 You start seeing their lives changing like holy crap that was actually awesome, and so
 that's kind of
 That's kind of the thing, and so
 Like I said I love entrepreneurs because they're the people who care enough to risk life and limb everything
 They got all their time energy money talents with the hope they can actually help other people so
 First off. I love you guys, so I want to stay there second off. I also realize that while we have superpowers
 kind of like the X-Men
 Like it's funny because a lot of people talk about entrepreneurs have ADD and it's like this bad thing
 And while I agree the most entrepreneurs have ADD and things like that like
 Those things they're not disabilities
 They're superpowers and I remember watching the movie the X in the first time one of the multiple ones in that franchise
 And I remember watching it and there's these these people right these X-Men who they can fly and
 They can disappear they can always amazing things
 But the mortal humans are like we need to get rid of their superpowers and trying to get rid of these superpowers
 and it's just like and even some of the even some of the
 Some of the X-Men are like embarrassed those superpowers and trying to get rid of them
 And it's just like you understand like those superpowers will make you amazing like don't don't get rid of those things like
 And so like I thought way that in entrepreneurs the people like I'm trying to get my kids not to have such ADD or quit fidgeting
 Or all these things are just like dude those are like that's why they're great
 Don't don't stifle those things so I'm saying those things in caveat because I also understand there's some things that us super or us
 entrepreneurs are not good at
 Especially me and so as some of you guys know if you listen podcasts I recently hired a consultant Jeff Woods from the one thing and
 It's funny because
 When I first read that book I kind of hated it because I was like I don't want to focus on one thing
 And then now it's interesting as I progress in my career in my life
 I realize more and more important how important that thing like the focus on the one thing actually is
 In fact, it's essential to everything I look at my entrepreneurs most of the joint major circle
 I come in with 50,000 ideas and my entire focus for the year number one is again to kill all their babies aka their little businesses and focus on one
 It was just hard. It was hard for me, but I
 Couldn't go I can break the two or three million dollar year mark until I until I killed all my babies and focused on one
 And since we did it went from you know two or three million dollars a year to seven year eighty million dollars a year like within
 Not a very long period time. It's crazy crazy
 I'm a couple of years. Um, so
 That's one thing that I've learned is that some entrepreneurs like we have these tendencies that it caused greatness
 They're all these tendencies that tend to like kill us one of them is we have a thousand businesses
 We always babies we love and things like that
 But during my during my consulting call this week with with Jeff from the one thing it was interesting
 He kept telling me he's like you got to stop acting so entrepreneurial and like but you don't understand like that's my super
 Like I'm the super entrepreneur like I like that he's like he's like I know but he's like that like our
 Entrepreneurship got you here, but the next level is like you have to start running like understanding
 I think like a business owner and he keeps trying to get me figured out like what's my goal someday
 Like what's this going on out here for and it was tough because I started going through this exercise
 I talked about a couple podcasts ago
 It was works. I realized that all my someday goals I accomplished like 18 months ago and I was like how weird is that and
 and as I'm going through this exercise I told my it's like I'm really fresh
 I feel like I have perfect clarity and vision what's gonna happen over the next you know six months a year
 18 months and after that like it's like a it's like a dark cliff and I remember as I told him that he kind of laughed
 He kind of laughed and he was like
 He's like let me show you something because it was a voice call and so we flipped on his camera on Skype
 And let me draw a little picture for you and so for those guys you're listening
 I'm gonna try to describe the pictures you're watching me. I'm gonna try to paint with my finger to my car right now
 But he said he said look at it. See this is a timeline right?
 So starts at the left and you have this timeline this is like when you're born and then like this is when you wrestled
 And then this is when you started your business
 And then this is when click funnels launched and then this is when click funnels took off and then here you are today
 And it's like this is the timeline right and so we we judge our time based on these these landmarks that have happened throughout time
 It says most of us entrepreneurs were visionaries and then we look in the future
 We see all these possibilities and he's like you know
 So if you look at this graph
 I'm drawing from the left hand right like it's very linear and then it hits modern time and from here like shock ends out
 So like going up there's one thing and then and then there's another one
 There's like ten things like shooting out from this almost like a so it looks like a broom almost like it's like a stick of the timeline
 Then it breaks off into this broom with like all these impossibilities right all these things are fanning out like that
 I could go it says the problem with that is like also entrepreneurs like we see all these shiny objects
 Right, so we chase those things and like the entrepreneurs become a great one
 They're able to focus on one thing
 We said that what most entrepreneurs do is like moving forward they get stuck because like they can see forward
 Six months and six months there's like four or five things that there that they could hit right these four or five shiny objects
 And you go like a year and there's more the further out you go the harder is to see about 18 months
 It gets so like that that fan of things going outward from where you are today gets so wide it gets really hard to start seeing things
 It's like that's why our smears really good at like seeing you know six months a year from now
 And then ignoring the steps to take and they're running and doing those kind of things
 But you go past that and it's kind of a black hole
 You so what we do with the one thing what they focus on is is figuring out like a laser
 like the
 like instead of I
 Wish I could draw this picture so you can see it better folks who are listening
 But instead of just having this thing fanning out where you're like trying to hit all these shiny objects what they do is
 Is they start with the someday go like where do you want to be someday and getting crystal clear on that?
 It's like someday. I want to be like this is and this isn't five
 This is like in the future like you know as far out you can think like where do you want to be what do you want life to look like?
 And so it's I've spent the last three and a half four weeks trying to figure that out
 Which has been really really hard. So just you know, it's not an easy thing
 So here's a someday goal and then from there
 So I hate now we got to reverse engineer timeline backwards of all the milestones that we have to hit to be able to get to that one thing
 And so we reverse engineer. So okay, so five years
 What is my life like where do I need to be in five years now to be on track to hit my someday goal?
 And then can I now I crystallize came my five year goal now what I got to be in a year from now
 And then we're gonna be this month and then this week and then today and then we focusing just the one thing we're gonna
 accomplish it's gonna achieve that next that next landmine or land online mine might might explode the next landmark and
 the next one next one next one and
 it's been fast any exercise and
 The business ones are harder to explain, but I'm sure you're really quick one for like my personal life
 like one of my my thoughts in this exercise like what will it mean for me to be successful as a father and
 So I'm like, okay
 Well for me to be successful as a father and obviously my beliefs may be different than yours
 But for me, I've got three boys on my three boys to go on missions
 I want my all my five my kids to get married in the temple like for me
 That would be ultimate success as a father and so I'm looking at someday goals that
 And so since they okay, so where do you got to be in five years from now for that to?
 For you to be able to accomplish that make a five years now
 So my boys who are 11 and a half almost 12 now that'd be 17
 So like 30 year away from preparing for the mission
 So at that point where I gotta be five years now if I'm gonna if they're gonna go on a mission by time they're 18
 I'm like oh my gosh
 Like they got to be able to have big all these different things
 That's only five years from now, which is crazy and I'm okay
 And from there you go like one year from now like what do you got to be to your track for your goals?
 I'm like one year from now
 They gotta do I gotta have my kids doing like also they shift my whole perspective
 Then based on that what do you do in a month now and then a week now that today like what I need
 What's the one thing I need with my kids today to be able to somebody hit that goal five years for now?
 And I was like oh my gosh like I'm not doing anything related to that
 I found the same thing in business as I looked at my my someday goal my five year goal my one year my my week my month
 Today I'm going to do it
 So it wasn't a single thing on my to-do list it actually got me moving towards my my someday goal
 That's like how fascinating is that and all these shiny objects that entrepreneurs do
 That they're good. They're creating revenue. They're doing stuff
 But none of them lead me to my someday goal and makes you start rethinking everything is so fascinating
 So what I want you guys to do because we're all entrepreneurs and I don't think like this naturally none of us do it's all the the
 I don't know different type than us
 But he my you know Jack keeps telling me he's like you need to stop acting entrepreneurial stop acting
 I can't really like figure these things out reverse engineer
 But then you can go get them really really easily he's like but right now you're no focus you're accomplishing things
 You're making revenue, but you're never gonna hit your goal because you don't have one you have a target and
 It's been interesting for me. So for me. I've been really spending like honestly almost a month now
 Like what's my someday goal for my business?
 And then I'm trying to make sure like my core people on my management team and my my company my co-founder my partners like
 Do they have the same someday goals I do so my Sunday goals to like do this and there's this like the direction we go is completely different
 like
 We're thinking like you know just yesterday or yeah or Monday
 We had a meeting with with our or my partners and and I was talking about this and I wanted them all to their
 Their their someday goal and they're all like well
 We'll say some day goals you I'm like no think about this because like it's different like let's say my goal is this
 Like this goal may require selling clickphones with this goal requires us not selling clickfunnels
 and if we have different someday goals we're running towards and
 And yours requires us on clickphones in three years my requires is never selling or selling in 30 years
 So now like like everything we're doing is gonna be completely different
 We gotta be on the same page with our someday goals
 We're all screwed and so like that's we're going through now is having all them kind of figure those things out
 And the next is gonna be fun
 I'm gonna start with the people inside my team like what's your someday goal and what's where you trying to get to then and then reverse
 engineering things from there and
 It's just interesting so I'm doing it my in my business and do my personal life with my health noon with my
 Spirituality I'm doing like all different things in my life because it's interesting as soon as you
 Know where you're trying to get to you start looking at the to-do list you have right now
 It's interesting how none of those to-dos actually
 Advance you towards your someday goal all it's doing is it's killing all these shiny objects you have sprouting out from where you are right now
 And so he says our life should be similar to like the timeline prior where you got you know
 I was bored. I started wrestling
 I launched my first company we launched click fun with click once took off and then we are today
 And this should be a click then we did this like we should be able to see that timeline moving forward in the future
 It's clear as we can see going backwards as soon as you can see it's clear going forward as you can going backwards
 That's when you start acting with
 That's when you stop acting entrepreneurly, but I hate saying that be sure acting with intention
 And it's like these are the steps to get to that and it's so simple when you look at it now
 But I've never thought of it that way. I never looked it that way and it's funny because I've always felt like I'm a bit
 I'm been a visionary. I know what I'm going. I know like I know the steps and it's true in all the steps six months
 Maybe a year from now, but past then it's it's invisible to me and now that I'm doing this
 It's like holy cow. I got as clear to clarity of like this is what I got to do this year in five years
 All these landmarks. Yeah, let them landmarks
 Not landmines
 Landmarks to get to that end goal and so anyway
 It's been a fascinating exercise for me. Like I said some month and I'm still trying to I keep re-tweaking my someday goal and re-tweak my teams and like
 But I think it's worth doing
 And again in your personal life your business like all different things that way you're acting out of intention and you know
 where you're going as opposed to just
 You know being entrepreneurial and just killing the hunting the stuff. There's nothing wrong with that like we're that's what makes us great
 Okay, the reality is none of you guys would have got to point out now if you weren't acting entrepreneurial because most people
 They plan so much they're doing it. They're already fire anything. I believe in that
 It's like okay
 Here's 20 objects
 I'm just gonna run and like throw a bunch of crap against the wall and see what sticks and there's that part of the
 Process thing we need to do to find what's gonna be ours
 But after you know that you're on the path and you know those things now. It's like okay now let's start
 start acting intentionally and
 and really
 Get to what we want. You know when I was wrestling it was easy as like I want to be a state champ that was like
 It was so clear in my mind. It's all I care. So I thought about like
 You know a drink slept breathe. That's all I did was was I want to be in a state champ
 And then I hit it and then I was like I want to be an all-American and then I hit it
 And it's just like it became really really easy and I think it's you know again for me when
 Like as I was starting to exercise and like all the goals I had in business when we accomplished 18 months ago and
 The last 18 months like I think it's probably why this month this year was really crazy for me
 I did a lot of stuff like we launched two books
 Expert secrets the Ponecker cookbook. We did five events. We've done. You know it's it's it's been crazy
 It's because I don't think I had a focus and so we were just trying to do more and
 While I can be good. It's very entrepreneurial
 They can wear you out and they can make your life suffer because you don't know where you're going
 So you're filling all the void with stuff with to do is with tasks with ideas with projects with books with holy crap
 You see my list and so
 Yeah, why I look seen some nice fill you up. It doesn't get you towards your goal
 Necessarily not really bad. They may have still been the landmark land. Yeah landmarks
 I needed to do to get there, but I probably would have acted a little differently in fact
 If I ask him in June's one thing
 I can't I can't ruin the secrets, but
 This next project that like I was gonna try you down this year. I'm like it's not like
 Like my ego wants it on this year
 There's no purpose like as we set a date for next August to do it. I'm like what?
 It's almost a year away. I've never had that much but but like strategically planning it out like that's when it fit
 And that's when it actually made sense. That's what got me towards the next goal and it's been in it's been fascinating
 So anyway, I would say sure all the all the aha's
 I've had personally my own business about take forever
 But hopefully you had a one or two for yourself and as you do the exercise
 I promise you guys like it but it's fascinating so there you go. Hope that helps and
 Quit acting entrepreneurial not 100% though. We need you. We need you to do a little crazy
 That's what that's what creates the change in this stuff
 I don't want to take that superpower away from you. Okay. Yes your ex-men super ability
 But understand that maybe you can fly right now, but if think if you have laser eyes - I get two superpowers
 So maybe it's not stopping acting entrepreneurs giving you your second superpower. Yes. Yes, that's what it's called
 Oh, this is the second superpowers way better. Keep being entrepreneurial. We're adding a second superpower
 I'm trying to this podcast that there you go guys appreciate you all if you had if you enjoyed this episode or helped
 You at all please share it if your iTunes I found out there's a little button you click them
 There's a thing to share episode it gives you a link take that link a direct links to this episode and you can go
 I'm share with your friends family members anybody else is an entrepreneur anyone your team in fact your team your partner your employees
 It's all yes and focus
 Figure out where you are going. Thanks. You guys appreciate you all and talk to you soon. Bye
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert
 Secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
