 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson and welcome to very special
 Can you hear that?
 It's the Christmas edition of the marketing secrets podcast. I'm in the Tesla and the kids messed it up
 So when I turn on my blinker the
 This sound comes on so
 Merry early Christmas and exciting out to you this morning
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so
 We're getting close to Christmas by the time you guys hear this it may actually be Christmas
 Maybe the day after Christmas. I'm not sure exactly what day this will drop
 But today's basically the last day at the office for everybody before we're ready for the Christmas vacation and I'm excited
 It has been a crazy crazy year and we were finally starting to wind down
 On two nights ago. I finished the rewrite of the expert secrets book. Yay
 Which is so nice to be done yesterday
 We had insane meaning that literally changed my destiny for forever and I can't talk about it
 Yeah, but in the future I will so I happened yesterday and then
 today in kids at last day school and then after school I'm coming up and grabbing the kids and
 Tomorrow is the right state wrestling tournament and down it was eight pounds over this morning eight pounds, which means I get to
 You know grab them from school and take them back to the house and wrestle with him for like five hours to make them lose
 The eight pounds. Oh there every time you link on you get some Christmas sounds so Merry Christmas
 Anyway, I know some years like what eight pounds you can't do that, but we're wrestlers
 This is what we do so he's going down the way for state. He's never gone down the slope
 So we have to anyway, it's gonna be he cut weight early this year once a lot of lose two pounds
 It was like a nightmare. So we've got lose eight by tomorrow by the time tomorrow morning. So
 And then we have a big church Christmas party tonight. So
 Today's a little hectic and stressful and
 Then tomorrow we have wrestling and I'm so excited we'll be wrestling all day and it'll it'll be awesome. So
 Anyway, I've gathered you guys here today my my lesson for you today
 is
 It's interesting yesterday during the big meeting we had we had a chance to share all of our numbers go through our books and go through everything and
 See where the actual revenue in our companies coming from and look at all the ground
 You know all that kind of stuff that that you get to do in your your event stuff kind of looking at
 Your numbers and stuff and it's interesting because
 This year's been awesome. So that's great
 You know made more this year than ever drip was was possible, which is which is also fun, but it's interesting because
 You know and it's funny cuz I the first decade of my business
 I was in the information business right I sold information products information things
 I also incited supplements and some little software and things like that
 But majority what I sold was always information because I like selling how to stuff. It's it's fun, right?
 and so that was kind of the
 that was kind of the
 You know what that might be my business
 but it's interesting like
 information is as awesome as it is there's always kind of like this cap right like
 like
 The biggest companies
 I mean like it's like Tony Robbins. I don't know his revenues on the Tony Robbins brand, but like you know
 He's probably the biggest info person right maybe Dave Ramsey. He's got a big info business
 And I don't know there's there's a couple of out there that do you really well, right?
 But no matter how how big they get like there's a ceiling like you don't see anybody who's like got a hundred million dollar a year info product business, right?
 There's none
 That I can think of maybe there's some
 But none that I can think of it. I guess a gora gora would be the only ones
 I know they're that big. Okay, there's a couple but um
 But you kind of cap out at this point, right? And so it's like
 You know, I think this year if you could just see info products we sold we probably did I
 don't know maybe
 $30 million in info product sales, which is great like that's that's awesome
 But for us the the other hundred something plus million all came from from software and
 As I was sitting there thinking I'm like man my whole you know my whole first decade of my business
 I just sold information products and when I when I shifted from selling information products to selling information products that
 Push people into some kind of software product. That's when the dynamics of the metrics for our business shifted, right?
 That's what shifted from like a level two or three opportunity to a level ten opportunity was was the software side of it
 And I'm telling you this because you know not all of you guys are gonna create software companies
 You know, I look at lady boss and they you know Brandon Kaitlin started selling info and they built their business up to a certain point and
 Then they release supplements and supplements was their level ten opportunity. That's what they've kind of blown up the next level, right?
 Alex Layla Hermosi
 They go sold info products and then you know right now
 They just this week launched a food service where it's like all the gym owners can get you know
 Mill prep ordered for all their clients and I have no idea what their metrics their numbers are but based on fact
 They have like 5,000 gym owners and if it's gym owners selling
 You know ten ten meals a day to people that's 50 50,000 hundreds that I don't know the metrics are but
 100,000 meals a day he's gonna be selling through this this new thing, right?
 It's like all the info products were good and they made a really good living off it
 But the big opportunity was like leveraging the the audience they built for the info product for this food business, right?
 And so I look at that look it, you know the people that are community that having the biggest businesses and the most success. It's like they have info products with
 Boom something with software with supplements with food service with fill in the blank
 so my question for you I want you to ponder over this Christmas break and over New Year's and and
 Just you know as you guys are going through this this season of getting ready for New Year's like what is your what is your version that?
 What is your click funnels? What is your supplement line? What is your thing?
 and
 And start thinking about that because when you figure that out that's again. That's when we went you know
 You know pre click funnels. That was always
 You know five to eight million bucks some of that range is where we and we did we were doing awesome
 Like that's great, but we always hit that cap and it wasn't you know
 We were able to more than 10 exit when we added in the
 Secondary piece like the back end is the the the software the you know the thing
 And so I don't know what that is for you
 I'm throwing out there info products the greatest way to generate an audience to build a following to make money
 Profitably to acquire customers lower than anything else in the world. It's I've obsessed with info products like I'm not saying
 To not do them. I'm saying keep doing them, but then then what it like what's to what ends like where are you putting most people?
 What's the what's the goal? What's the point? What's the purpose of it?
 And for a lot of you guys are gonna struggle think about that and you know took me a decade to figure out click funnels
 So it's not something you might answer today, but I'm sorry pretty that in your head
 It's like the info product is business, but to what to what ends like what's the purpose of it?
 Where am I putting these people eventually? What's my click phones? What's my supplement? What's my food service?
 What's my thing?
 Because we start thinking that way it's gonna open up a back end that's
 That's not just a back end up sell of more info. You know, which is good
 You know the typical info models you're from a book to a online course to
 Workshop to a live event to a mastermind group like that that model is awesome
 But you're gonna be capped at 10 to 20 million bucks, which is great
 Nothing wrong with that
 But again, if the goal is to keep growing and get to 50 million or 100 million or billion or beyond like
 You like I've yet to see it outside of a gore. I haven't seen anybody else
 Get those numbers through information alone, and so it's like what do we what do we put somebody?
 What's that thing? What's the next the next piece?
 So anyway, I wanted to put that out for you guys just to kind of think about and again
 I don't really answer for you and your product really answer for you yet
 But that's why I'd be like thinking with my eyes wide open. I'd have my eyes open them looking around for opportunities
 Right looking as you're serving these customer studio information products like having eyes open like okay
 What do they need? What are their frustrations? What's the what probably have? What's the what's the issue like?
 How can I solve this and like when those questions are happening?
 That's when the software idea will pop you guys with a supplement idea will pop and you know it's one of food service
 You're like oh my gosh all my clients need this boom. There it is. There's the thing that takes you from from 10 million to 100 million
 It's that it's that next thing and it's not more information probably it's it's
 It's the it's the tool. It's the thing that they need to to to have more success with it
 So there you go Merry Christmas. There's more jingle bells for you. I appreciate you guys all for listening
 I hope you guys have a great Christmas and happy new year
 I'll probably do more episodes for new years so you'll hear back from me
 But I just want to show you guys get your minds thinking as you enter the the new year about what is your level 10 opportunity?
 What's the big thing? What's it gonna be? That said I'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Hey, this is Ruffle again and really quick. I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with
 5,000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you who think like you who believe like you have vision like you
 If you like to do that then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live
 It's coming up very very soon
 If you don't ever take a shit you go to funnel hacking live calm and it gives you the ability to leave your home
 Leave where you're you're trying to to create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe like you who
 See visions like you of what they can create and what they can become
 Fun like in life is not just a marketing event. It's not just a personal development event
 It's both those things wrapped into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So I'll make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me
 I go to funnel hacking live calm your tickets
 We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well and after you take it you will be there with 5,000 other insane crazy fun
 The funnel hackers talking about a girl their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You gotta go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live calm. Thanks so much, and I'll see you in Nash boo
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
