 Hey, what's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 It's side of the year theory today.
 And today I want to share with you guys a little hack
 to make amazing ads that convert.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take our venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right, so we have this thing now
 where I'm spending a lot of time creating ads
 and thinking about like, what's the ad?
 What's the hook?
 What are we gonna get someone's attention?
 And the other day I was just swiping through Instagram
 or something and I try to pay attention.
 Like what are the things that get me to stop, right?
 What are the things that I read that look at?
 I'm always looking at different things.
 And then I start thinking, I'm like,
 I watch my kids, right?
 My kids, they're really big into all these things
 that are mixed with out there.
 It's called satisfying.
 Like, yeah, look how satisfying this is.
 This thing's so satisfying.
 And it's always like these weird art things with slime
 or with sand or with shredding metal
 and a metal shredder, like all these crazy things.
 And I was like, oh man, what if we like did
 these different things and turn them into ads, right?
 And the other day, so I went into Instagram,
 I started searching for like cool art or satisfying
 or slime or just, I was typing these different keywords
 and I started seeing all these different cool art things.
 And I started just liking a bunch of them,
 like following their pages and stuff.
 'Cause I wanted them to start showing up in my feed.
 And now inside of my news feed,
 I start seeing all these cool, crazy art things
 that people do, right?
 Like drawings and, anyway, all sorts of different things.
 But the other day, I saw one that caught my attention.
 I watched for, man, probably a minute straight.
 And it was this guy and he does pancake art.
 And so the camera's above this pancake thing
 and he's drawing this picture and you're seeing it,
 it's pretty cool.
 And then when he gets done, he takes it and he flips it over.
 And as soon as he flips over to the pancake,
 you see the finished pancake.
 And I watched it, I went to his channel,
 I watched like probably 10 or 15 of them.
 I showed my kids, it was so cool.
 You can really kind of do like always drawing Elsa
 or he's drawing whatever.
 You see these different things.
 Until he flips the pancake over,
 you don't know exactly what it is.
 And he flips it over and there's like all the detail
 and it just looks amazing.
 And so I was like, oh my gosh, look how much this sucked me
 into watching this.
 And I watched so many of them.
 I showed my kids them.
 I was like, how can I get this to become an ad?
 And I was like, do I have to do a pancake on my face?
 I'm like, that's annoying.
 No one wants to see a pancake on my face.
 I'm like, what can I do?
 What can I do?
 And I was like, what if I haven't do the pancake
 of the book covers of Doccom Secrets, Expert Secrets,
 and Traffic Secrets?
 And so I emailed the guys on the channel.
 I was like, hey, how much do it cost for me
 to have you pancake art in my books?
 And it was a couple hundred bucks per book.
 Like it was not that expensive.
 Wireded the money and just today I got back three pancakes
 that were flipped over like then doodling my book
 and flipping it over.
 And they turned out so cool, they were amazing.
 And so now I'm gonna take those and turn them into little ads.
 We're gonna have YouTube ads, Facebook ads, Instagram,
 like just a bunch of variations.
 'Cause you know, you look at,
 you come back to step number one, right?
 We talk a lot about like hook story offer,
 hook story offer, what's the hook to grab its attention
 and the story and then the offer.
 So I figure the pancakes look hook, right?
 You're like, what is he drawing?
 The boom, it flips over.
 While we're watching that, I can tell the story
 of what's happening, what he's doodling,
 why wrote this book, and then flip over and it's done.
 And then we can make the offer for them
 to go get a free copy of the book.
 So I have no idea right now if the ads gonna work.
 If it's not gonna work, it's gonna be successful
 or not successful.
 But I do know it's a good hook.
 It's gonna be really fun.
 And I'm excited to test it out.
 Especially when you look at some of the ads
 we make, we spend tons of money,
 some of it's just in my phone.
 But you never know what the hook's gonna be
 that grabs someone's attention.
 So for a couple hundred bucks to test it,
 it's really, really exciting.
 So I'm excited for that.
 And then after that, I started looking into claymation.
 I started finding claymation and I messaged
 by 10 different claymation artists
 on making claymation ads and stuff like that.
 So it's just fun new things.
 So for you, this is why I brought this up.
 I want you guys to start going to Instagram
 and Facebook or whatever and just start looking at art.
 Look at artists, look at the cool designers,
 look at people that are doodling,
 they're sketching that are doing just whatever
 or they're creating things with their hands.
 Like just any kind of art that grabs your attention.
 Start following all the channels you can
 and the more channels you follow them,
 the more it will show up in your search results.
 When you start seeing all these cool things
 and then go reach out to the creators and say,
 hey, that ad you created, that image,
 that thing was amazing, can I pay you whatever
 to have you create something like that for me and my company.
 And like I said, for us, for the pancake art,
 it was a couple hundred bucks per book cover
 and it turned out so cool.
 And who knows, that could be the ad.
 It's the one that blows up.
 It's funny 'cause I remember,
 he never know which hooks are gonna work.
 We, a couple of years ago,
 we had the Harmon Brothers do our very first video with them
 and turned out amazing.
 We loved it, we spent tons of energy and money.
 We did a big launch, we did this big bubble soccer part,
 like all sorts of stuff.
 And the video did good.
 It got, I don't know, a million or so views
 and it was good.
 And then like a week later, Chris Recker made a rap,
 a Sunny D rap, a quick funnels rap
 and he just made it as like a joke
 and sent us his gift, we ran that.
 And that video actually got more impressions
 and more views and more sales
 and click funnels than this one.
 We'd spent hundreds of thousands of dollars creating.
 So you never know what the hook's gonna be.
 And that's why it's essential,
 creating tons of hooks and trying to think after thing,
 after thing, after thing and just trying them.
 I think this is just a really funny, unique way.
 So for my side time when I'm bored sitting around,
 like what I'm doing now is looking for artists
 who can create little things that give you like
 a quick 30 second, grab their attention,
 just enough to tell your story and do the next thing.
 I saw Dean Grassi, he was about a year,
 maybe two years ago, running a bunch of ads.
 He did these little quick like five second magic tricks.
 He was like in his Tesla and there was a book
 on the Tesla screen, he went and grabbed it
 and it turned into a real book, right?
 Like little camera magic tricks.
 They're engaging, and one way I had a box
 and turned the box upside down and books kept falling out.
 But it was just enough to grab someone's attention
 like how is that possible?
 And then you can tell them story, hook story offer, right?
 So there's my suggestion for you.
 Oh, I saw these other guys doing reverse stuff.
 They had like a banana and they'd peel it on video
 and then they'd do it backwards and they're so engaging.
 So I'm like, what kind of things could we do with that?
 Can I record myself ripping a page out on my book
 and then show me like putting back in,
 you know, like backwards motion and anyway,
 there's a bunch of cool things you could do.
 So hopefully it gets the wheels.
 You can have spinning a cool way to make hooks
 that aren't just you on your iPhone,
 even though those kind of ads do work really, really well.
 But just another unique way to try to create something amazing.
 So hope to help you guys, appreciate you all.
 Hope you're having a great day.
 If you've got any values in this episode or any episodes,
 please take a screenshot on your phone
 and then tag me on it.
 I'd love to hear what your big takeaway was
 and I always makes my day,
 it's going through my feet and see people tagging screenshots
 of the podcast.
 So if you got something in this episode,
 please screenshot and share it with us.
 Thank you so much and I will talk to you as all good soon.
 Bye everybody.
 - Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick,
 I wanted to invite you to join arguably the best thing
 that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 and it is a challenge we call the One Funnel Way Challenge.
 You know, everyone in their business, in their life,
 they're one fun away from something.
 Some of you guys are one fun away from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one fun away from getting more impact.
 Some of you guys are fun away from growing your company
 to the next level.
 And so we created this challenge to help you
 to create and launch your first or your next funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business,
 this challenge is going to help you understand the strategy,
 help you understand the tactics, help you understand
 all the things you need to be successful with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now,
 stop everything, pause this audio, go online
 and go to onefunnelway.com.
 That's onefunnelway.com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days,
 so go get started right now, onefunnelway.com.
 (upbeat music)
