 So, the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 What's up everybody?
 This is Russell.
 I just want to jump on real quick kind of spur of the moment because I want to share
 something with all of you guys that is important and I have to do with the show Sign Felt.
 I knew this was a sign that said Sign Felt.
 I read your book Russell.
 It's the Sign Felt email sequences and it's not.
 I got something completely different that a lot of you guys probably didn't even know
 about.
 I don't know about a lot of you guys.
 A lot of you guys are into marketing now and you're loving it because we're talking
 about making it exciting and making it sexy.
 I want you to understand marketing has been like the old timers.
 Most of them are dead now.
 They're no longer alive.
 The legends.
 This is where the coolest stuff comes from.
 People ask me, "I do for fun."
 Look, I spent $4,000 buying these right here.
 These are a whole bunch of swipe files of ads from dead people because they're so amazing.
 Anyway, where do I get weird stuff like this?
 Someone's already asking.
 I get stuff like this on eBay.
 I just recently got a purchase that showed up today that I want to show you guys.
 It's marketing.
 Oh, some of like me, it's like the greatest marketing thing on planet earth.
 Here's a snapshot of what is really quick.
 That's all you get.
 Okay.
 Based on that, who can tell me what this is?
 It has to do with Sign Felt.
 This is a pop quiz.
 I want to know your answer down below.
 Anyone who gets the answer to this quiz, I will have so much respect for you as a marketing
 person.
 There's something that has to do with this and Sign Felt.
 Anyone knows that it is posted down below?
 I want to see if any of you guys know.
 Okay.
 There's a hint.
 It's just an old catalog from 1994.
 What does that do with Jerry's Sign Felt and Elaine and the crew?
 Anyone you guys know?
 It's just a pop quiz.
 Okay.
 I'll give you guys another hint.
 I'll give you the title of the top.
 It's going to be backwards on Facebook Live.
 But this is one of the original Jay Peterman catalogs from 1994.
 Are we getting closer to what I'm talking about?
 Okay.
 All right.
 For the Kramer's roommate.
 All right.
 For those who don't know, I'm going to explain what's happening.
 So many of you guys, hopefully everybody has watched the show, Sign Felt.
 You guys remember that Elaine got a job at the Jay Peterman catalog, right?
 And if you remember Jay Peterman, it was like this eccentric person.
 If you go on vacations, if you go by hats and then he'd write all this amazing copy
 in these catalogs.
 And Elaine became one of the copywriters and they had all these people.
 It was like this huge spoof for multiple different seasons.
 Well, many of you guys probably don't know is the Jay Peterman catalog is a real thing.
 It was a real thing.
 And any of the old school direct response copywriters know and you study stuff like this.
 And so the other day I was doing an interview, a podcast interview with some e-commerce
 sellers and they're asking me like, well, how does this fun stuff work for e-commerce
 people?
 I was like, you guys, do you not know who Jay Peterman is?
 And they're like, that guy on sign felt like, no, you're, are you serious?
 You need to understand your roots.
 Where did you come from?
 You were marketing and selling.
 You need to understand your roots.
 You guys, we understand your roots.
 There's so much gold that's laying there waiting for you to take it.
 So anyone selling e-commerce or anyone selling anything.
 You understand who Jay Peterman was?
 So Jay Peterman was a visionary, a genius, an amazing copywriter who built a huge company
 based on these catalogs.
 Now, I went to eBay and I searched for Jay Peterman catalogs after that interview because
 I wanted to get some of them to show all of you guys the foundation and the history where
 this whole thing is coming from.
 And if you have the e-commerce site, this is a hint.
 So here's four Jay Peterman catalogs.
 I got Dave and Stephen here are geeking out on.
 You can have a big time.
 Awesome stories.
 Awesome stories.
 So he doesn't just say, give us an example of one real quick.
 Okay.
 Hold on.
 Hey, here's a blue shirt to sell or here's the best.
 Yeah.
 This is the best.
 Okay.
 Do you want to read it in your marketing voice?
 So this is what is it?
 It's the Slinky Cord.
 So a lot of you guys have had this on your e-commerce store, your e-commerce funnel.
 You'll be like, it's ugly green pants and a white shirt, right?
 So you can listen to the copy on every single page in the Peterman catalog to see why this
 company grew so big and what you actually be doing in the copy on your e-commerce Amazon
 listing, all sorts of stuff.
 So you're ready to be our order?
 Happy.
 A Bedouin horseman chased you halfway across the desert.
 A beautiful woman on a camel in the desert alone is too ripe a target to dismiss.
 Your heart leaps in your throat again and again.
 An exquisite torment, the Arabs call katukalab or heart-cutting.
 Delirious, half dead, you reach the Amir's palace.
 A gallus sleigh rears his horse in your path.
 You notice he is speaking in Peter O'Toole's voice.
 Just then you awaken in the royal suite of the Lanesboro in London.
 Lawrence of Arabia blaring from the television set.
 You rush back to sleep.
 Slinky silk cord tank top and slinky silk cord pants.
 Not harem pants, but close.
 A hundred percent flowing loose silk, more romantic, more interesting than you remembered.
 Ooh.
 Now that is how you sell something.
 That's called good copy.
 You don't put like brown orange or yellow ad to cart.
 You sell your stuff.
 So every page in this catalog, they're selling and they don't have pictures.
 There's like paintings of the pictures because this is pre pictures apparently.
 But every single one has amazing copy to sell it.
 And so it would behoove most of you to go to eBay.
 I don't know how many are still available or even Google.
 I'm sure you can find it online as well.
 But search for the J. Peterman catalogs, your Israel ones.
 These ones I bought here on eBay from 1994.
 They older the better because stuff like this gets better with time.
 And this whole thing is story because one line of description.
 OK, so this is-- you already-- so this is-- it seems to order this one.
 So this is the famous Miss Blue.
 The famous Miss Blue hat.
 So like if this was on Shopify site, how would it be like one button?
 Like add the car to be about-- we'd get--
 Yeah, basically.
 And a picture of it.
 So what would J. Peterman do?
 So what he would do is he'd say something like this.
 He said, you know who I mean.
 It could have been you.
 One day you arrived by train but from where?
 Nobody knew.
 You carved a plantation out of a thousand acres of dry land which the money called worthless.
 You diverted the stream and proved them wrong.
 You wore a big pajama-- or you wore a big Panama hat like a man's hat.
 Or like a man, but you didn't look like a man.
 Sometimes you wore it and held it in a chin strap.
 Sometimes you wore it down on your back.
 You became rich I guess.
 Anyway, you had a piano.
 I heard it.
 I saw you in those-- anyway, it's really cool.
 And at the end he goes, I remember all that.
 And it actually kind of rhymes as you go through.
 And there's literally just one line made in Ecuador leather chin strap for it.
 Like $40 bucks.
 What?
 I want this hat now.
 It's for a woman.
 All right, so what the lesson and the moral today that you'll understand is that copy is
 the key.
 It's the key to everything.
 I told this on the marketing seekers podcast.
 And lighting has made out of her this.
 But copywriting is not sexy.
 It's not exciting.
 And so when I wanted to teach copy, if I call it copywriting, guess what all of us do?
 Well, I fall asleep or I just glaze over.
 But if you read the X for "Secrets" book, guess what that book is?
 It's my contribution to copywriting.
 Teaching me how to tell stories, how to do it the right way.
 I told Piffy and Bridges.
 I had to tell-- kind of like Bridges-- how to position the offer.
 All those kind of things like it's copy.
 It's copywriting.
 So that is the study that you guys got to understand.
 And understand that wherever you're coming at, some of you have been doing this business
 for years, six months, five years, 10 years.
 But there is people that have gone before us.
 They have mastered this stuff.
 And so the reason why I do good today is because I study the old timers.
 The old timers are the key, you guys, to so much of this stuff.
 If you have an e-commerce site and you want to do well, master JP to bring, buy his catalogs,
 read the copy, understand that.
 If you want to understand how to do newsletters, go read Gary Halbert's letter, go read.
 Go back to the foundational list if all began because that's the key.
 So anyway, there you go, guys.
 Our sneak attack episode of the JP DeMecatalog.
 If you like this, please share it as much as you can.
 I love people to hear more about it.
 But now you guys are all in on the secret.
 So understand that you guys copy is the key.
 It's the secret.
 And next time you watch Seinfeld and you see Lane work with the JP DeMecatalog, now you
 know kind of the joke, behind the joke.
 What she's talking about, why it's so cool, all sorts of stuff like that.
 So that's all I got you guys.
 And if for some reason you're living in a rock and you don't have the expert secrets
 book yet, just go to experts.com because it is my contribution to copywriting.
 You know, I always said I would never write a copywriting course or product because it's
 not sexy or exciting and it's just not that cool.
 So I called it something different, but it's copywriting.
 That's what that message, that book is all about.
 Helping you understand how to write good copy, tell good stories, all those things tied together.
 So that's what I got you guys.
 And then we have an amazing day.
 Hope you guys had a good job.
 And we will talk soon.
 Bye everybody.
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called expert secrets.
 And you can get a free copy at expertssecrets.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest
 growing non-VC backed, fast startup company in the world.
 (upbeat music)
