 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so today we have a special episode
 We just got to include the church and then we went and got a prize for the kids. What's the price?
 We got you guys
 We're driving and the ads. We're driving the new funnel hacker Jeep
 Which we have a camera mountain here, so now I can you marketing in your car and marketing secrets while we're driving and not
 We're about getting hit and dying so it's
 Marketing in here in the Jeep so I don't know if you see me yet
 If you haven't go look on snapchat or Facebook whatever, but there's a this funnel hacker on the side of it
 It's kind of fun
 And we put it at norator yesterday. So that's why Bowen City ignores babyseed because that's the last you bubbly
 So what should we tell you guys about to say we're talking about
 So let's do this. I want to talk to you. Why do you guys like going to Christie Green versus the other donor places?
 So they get your doughnuts while this clothes proximity KY else
 You have breakfast yet
 Right far away
 The key this is the key Ellie that we'll talk about so when you go into crispy creams what do they let you say really loud
 So every here yet tell them really that here on camera what happens when you go inside of crispy creams
 Okay, so there's a glass window and you can actually watch the make the dough
 It's the notes come through the conveyor belt you see the frosting drip on them
 You see them dump under the thing where it first it's first the dough right then drops them into the cooker thing
 It cooks them and the frosting done top
 And if it's pretty good, so you get a you to watch the process right sometimes rarely
 And sometimes leave for example hang it out. I'll take your hat
 You said it first, okay, all right, so here's the marketing lesson for all y'all who are listening today
 So crispy cream does really cool things that make kids want to go to crispy creams versus DK donuts dunkin donuts all the rest
 No DK is like a small brand dunkin those huge chains anyway
 So what crispy creams does is they allow you to watch the process which is really interesting because my guess is the most donor shops have the same process
 Okay guys we understand points because the show doesn't get crazy for people all right, so they're right though DK
 This is a bunch of other options and sizes of varieties what crispy things are all the same things
 But the moral of this is to let you watch the process of the creation of how it works
 There's I don't mind if we get the the actual the story right now because I'm in the car before kids go crazy
 Anyway, it's off to I'm gonna forget it right now, but the message
 I know all my old school marketing buddies making fun of me because I can't think of the name and the people in which book
 It was from but there's a guy who was actually a beer company and and they were selling beer and this marketing
 I came in to I can't remember that was an old movie or say
 Blasphemy I can't remember the name of it anyway. No, he's a dead guy. No. Oh, I just did squirrel. Oh, I missed it
 Whoa scroll out underneath the car that was close anyway, so the the story was this marketing comes in to the beer company and
 He's trying to figure out like the hook and the angle and why like what was the big idea?
 Of why why everyone should give them money
 Versus you know the other beer companies and the market guy watch comes in wants to see the process and how it all works
 We go to watch as these guys these like how they make the beer and how they I don't know
 I'm not a beer drinker. I've never drink so I don't have any how to actually work so show how how they make it and
 And then mark again so fascinated and then they're like well
 So everybody makes his beer he's like yeah, but nobody else has seen this like nobody else even knows this is how how it all works
 And so I want to show up process
 So he made a commercial and he actually showed the process of them making the beer and that became this huge campaign that blew up the company
 And so Christian came the same way they kind of show the process
 There's a reason why I do funnel Fridays every Friday because I'm showing the process
 I didn't do this Friday
 Good point if I'm not good TV and all these things like why am I doing that?
 Because I'm showing the process. I'm letting people see how I do it how I consume the product and the more they do
 The more they see me drinking my own Kool-Aid and more likely they are to also drink
 Said Kool-Aid so the moral of the story this Chris food Queens episode for you guys is to let
 Your audience see the process of how you do whenever you do
 We are in the reality show era of the world and your audience
 Wants to view what's happening. That's why I'm showing this right now with me and my beard in my car with my kids and
 Chris from came at
 You do have a good then being annoyed at me
 Yeah, bonus tell me that he's like your mustaches ugly dab your beard is cool. So we want to shave this. Oh, yeah
 It's kind of weird on you shave
 Hey
 You're the coolest
 He said I'm free ladies
 That was amazing I love eightens. That's a little six year old though
 It's really think this not watching to watch you on a funnel or on
 marketing stickers.com you saw a name in this Chris speaking that
 If not anyway
 So the moral of the story. There's why I'm doing this right with my hair messed up with my beard with my kids and our donuts
 beard
 Sweet you feel it truly scruffy. It kind of hurts. I gotta shave it
 These are I'm showing you guys the stuff behind the scenes is cuz I'm showing you guys my life
 I'm showing you how we do what we do and and that's what draws people in if you're an expert secrets
 You know that's the goal is to draw people in to you and your personality and all of kind of things
 And so draw them in you guys do it open up your life a little bit
 I'm not scary sometimes that's Instagram's for you those stories Facebook lives
 Podcasts etc the real store moral stories
 The ladies man ladies man
 Anyway, so that's the moral of today's stories that sounds good you guys all right with that said thanks so much for tuning in today
 The marketing secrets if you have not read the experts secrets book on experts secrets calm
 You should go there and read it because this is just one of the secrets
 This can help you to book your message. I'm at the first book to read it. What's the first book called?
 On your clothes calm
 Yes, dot com secrets expert secrets. They treat both them, right?
 Oh, yeah, which was your favorite?
 Anyway, appreciate you guys. Thanks for listening and that'll talk to you soon. Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 live on your own. says In every
