 What's up everybody, this is Russell.
 Welcome to a late night episode of Marketing Secrets.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everyone, so I'm about head to bed.
 But I heard of listening to a podcast this week from Ryan Moran from capitalism.com and
 he's got a Freedom Fastlane show podcast which is pretty awesome.
 I love it a lot and he goes deep into e-commerce side but also business investing and just other
 things I don't typically focus on which has been fun for me to kind of listen to him in
 his world.
 He said something in one of his presentations was a stage event somewhere I don't even
 know a few episodes back and I don't remember how he said it what he said but it sparked
 a thought in my mind.
 And so I'm probably a slaughter of how he said it.
 He said it probably much better than me but the concept was so, so, so cool.
 What he basically said, he said the difference between entrepreneurs and the rest of the
 world.
 He said it's different folks if you haven't noticed.
 But what he said was interesting.
 He said that his entrepreneurs are the people who see a problem and then take responsibility
 for it.
 Isn't that weird?
 Like I think about the world we've been today like the problem is that most people don't
 take responsibility for anything even they do things that are really bad or wrong or
 whatever they won't take responsibility.
 They want to blame it on.
 It was their mom or their brother, their sister or their like whoever.
 Like the world's all about blaming somebody else for all the issues that it has.
 And what makes us entrepreneurs weird is we see a problem instead of like blaming somebody
 else.
 We look at and say I'm going to take responsibility with that problem.
 I'm going to figure out an answer.
 And when I heard that I was just like oh my gosh like that is so interesting because
 most people don't do that most people don't see an issue and see a problem and then like
 I'm going to take responsibility for that.
 I'm thinking about this with ClickFunnels for example.
 For a decade we tried to build funnels and it was frustrating and like yeah we could
 have blamed everybody else.
 I'm sure we did everyone else said like yeah well it's the detective designers, the developers
 it's the program is hard it's blah blah blah.
 All the things wasn't for us until we said you know what it does suck and I'm going to
 take responsibility for it.
 This is my issue now and then we figured out a way to solve it and then that's when everything
 changed.
 That's so fascinating so if you use an entrepreneur or someone who wants to be an entrepreneur
 like I think if we all make a conscious decision of like what we are doing is we're consciously
 saying that problem right there I'm taking it on myself.
 I'm taking responsibility for that.
 Instead of what most of us do what's like our human nature which is to be like oh well
 it's them oh it's her oh like you know I didn't succeed because of this because of this because
 like we just want to pass the blame past the buck so often but that's what makes us weird
 that's what makes us different.
 It makes us entrepreneurs, entrepreneurs is that we see those problems, we see those issues
 and we take personal responsibility for it.
 I think about it as I was looking at just the inner circle meetings over the last and
 the last couple weeks and I could go I could go through all hundred of my entrepreneurs
 and share this but just couple them off my head.
 So Pamela Weibel for example she was a doctor and she started seeing all of her friends
 who were doctors coming suicide person after person after person and she could have sat
 there and like oh blame this blame that but instead she stopped and said I'm going to
 take personal responsibility for this issue and I'm going to save doctors lives and she's
 gone out there and she's done that she's created a platform she's like and she's one
 of the most amazing people I've ever seen that she's literally spent every page she's
 ever made to go and save doctors life she's like I can live on 20 grand a year I'm good
 everything penny I make goes back into like helping save doctors from committing suicide
 and it's like because she took that as her own personal responsibility that's not her
 responsibility it's not her fault it's not yet she'd looked at and said this is my responsibility
 and that day she became an entrepreneur.
 You think about another one Annie Grace who's so cool she's someone who her whole life
 drank socially and got a point where she kept drinking and drinking and she couldn't break
 away from it and she started looking around it wasn't just her other people and she went
 on this mission she started saying look you know and again drinking is not her responsibility
 people struggling trying to give up alcohol addiction that's not her responsibility like
 she's got better things to do with her life right but she looked at and said this problem
 I'm going to take responsibility for it and she's gone out and changed thousands of people's
 lives thousands of people she helped them break away from this addiction that's robbing them
 the freedom their happiness and she took that personal she didn't have to she didn't need
 to but she decided to that day she became an entrepreneur I could go through person after
 person after person after person the day that they looked at this thing this problem this
 thing that that that wasn't even supposed to be their own but they saw it and whatever
 it was I don't know you know if it's intuition if it's God if it's a spark if it's that your
 brain like whatever's be seated there's like that spark saying that one's mine that is
 the problem I'm gonna fix and I'm gonna take personal responsibility it may not be my fault
 but I'm the one who's gonna fix this and I'm gonna change it and that's what makes you
 different as an entrepreneur and it's fascinating it's exciting and if you've wondered like how
 do I become an entrepreneur how do I do that it's time to start looking at that and start
 saying instead of instead of you know pushing responsibility in a different place different
 things from people different whatever look at a problem and then take that responsibility
 on yourself and that's that's the game plan that's how it works so anyway I heard like
 said I heard that three or four days ago and it's been ringing through my head over and
 over and I keep thinking about person after person after person in my inner circle and
 entrepreneurs I work with the inner circle members two comical members and I look at just
 the people around me who are serving who are doing stuff every single time I could link
 back to like that is the that's the problem they took a personal responsibility for they
 didn't have to didn't need to but they did that's magic so yeah I hope to help you guys
 hope that I hope that rings through your head and makes you start looking to be more aware
 of this stuff around you that's happening and try and figure out what it is you're gonna
 take personal responsibility for because when you do that that's the day you'll become an
 entrepreneur and that's the day you will literally change the world thanks you guys
 so much for everything thanks for your support thanks for your effort thanks for your contribution
 to the world we love you guys we appreciate you guys we enjoy serving you guys and so grateful
 that you listen to this podcast if you like this podcast if you learn anything from it
 please go to the iTunes subscribe and share with another entrepreneur who can help thanks
 so much you guys and we'll talk to you soon bye
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between
 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people who
 are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone
 out and actually text me a message okay now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797
 once again it's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello and then what's gonna happen
 is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me
 to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting communities
 where I'm gonna be giving out free swag giving away free copies of my book I'll let you know
 about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 so I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day I'm sending
 out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through
 my texting platform so what you need right now is play your phone and text me at area
 code 208-231-3797 one more time that's 208-231-3797 I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
