 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today
 I'm gonna get into some of the deep doctrines of marketing with you. I hope you don't mind
 It's gonna be a lot of fun. We're gonna go play inside of the value ladder
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so I know you guys have heard me talk a lot about value ladder
 Over the years and over the decades
 If you're a dot-com seekers book I talked about I talked about it and I think I'm gonna talk about all the books somewhere
 But it's like the core foundation of how all the things work
 So I'll give you the quick 30 second snobs as value ladders
 If you have a business and you sell a product then you're just a product that an actual business a business is tied to like
 a result you're getting for somebody, right? So like
 My my overarching goal is to help
 Entrepreneurs and small businesses to grow their companies with funnels, right?
 And so how do I do that? Well, there's a lot of ways like yes, we click funnels is a software tool that helps them do that
 That's one tier of the value ladder. We also have books that right, which is another tier
 We also have coaching programs and masterminds and there's a whole bunch of stuff that happens, right?
 And so a business is not just like a product of businesses
 Here's this result I get for the certain type of person and then you're you're
 And then and then all the products inside that that's it
 That's like that's like your actual business, right?
 And then think about like ideally in a perfect world if if I really wanted to reach my goal of like
 Helping a business owner to have success with success with funnels the best thing I could possibly do for them is to go and
 Just build their funnel form right build it launch it and just give it to him like here
 It's done money's coming in the problem is like for me to do that would be super crazy expensive like
 You know, I think every funnel we launched in the last
 I don't know a few years always hit two common clubs. It's like 100% guaranteed two common clubs success
 It's like how much do I charge if I guarantee your funnels gonna make a million bucks like well
 If I did it myself, I would just keep the million bucks. So
 That's why I don't by the way why I don't do it for other people
 I was like I can just do and keep all the money
 But you know what would I have to charge you 250,000 100,000 500,000 plus world he could
 Um, yeah, like it would be insane, right?
 So if I walked up you said look I can serve you the highest level, but it's gonna cost
 half a million dollars plus 50% of your business
 um
 Like most people look at me by here in saying or else will know now some of you guys are listening would be like
 Yes, I'm in here's what I wired the money, right?
 Because you're because you know because you I've already provided value at this point where you know that I know what I'm talking about
 You know I can actually help and so you'll be willing to do that
 But for the average to go off the street if I pitched them that they think I was insane like clinically insane like you look like you're 11
 There's no way I'm giving you any amount of money
 Especially not half a million bucks to build a funnel for me, right? And you soak and you get half of it like no
 Um, and so that's that's why the value ladder comes in in point like the value ladder typically at the bottom of the value ladder
 You give them something that's small that has um, it gives somebody value
 But it doesn't cost them a lot, right?
 So like for me, I have my free books you go read the dot com seekers book or expert or traffic secrets
 You get the book it's free plus shipping you're like, ah worst case. I lose 10 bucks best case
 I learned something cool you buy the book you read it and also you're like, oh, I got value from this thing
 This is amazing. I want more and then you naturally want more so you send it to the next year the value like what else do I have?
 Oh, there's a thousand our course. Oh, boom. There's a software. Oh, there's an event
 Oh, and you start moving up the value ladder and as humans as long as we continue to get value will keep ascending up
 Um and tell somebody they're stopped selling to you or they send you so that's kind of a quick synopsis of what a value ladder is right?
 So I want to dive deeper into the thoughts because I think as I've coached multiple
 Hundreds of entrepreneurs especially people in my inner circle have had a chance to work the closest with
 Most of them didn't have a value ladder. They thought they didn't tell ask them this question said you have a value ladder
 Do you have a value maze?
 Everyone's like yep? I got a value maze. There's like a million offers
 They and like they go all in place and most of our customers confuse their know where they're supposed to go where they send to because there's this and like
 And I've been a I've had that problem for years all the time
 And I've been trying you know multiple times over last year to get better and better like define my value
 I're simplifying and making it like like right now our value lives really simple like we sell books right?
 So we get some book from there. We're trying to send them up to the one funnel way challenge
 Just like a hundred bucks. That's the next tier of the value ladder from there. We try to get people into click funnels
 So we have there's different levels thousand bucks or you know 97 bucks a month or whatever
 Begin someone into the click funnels use the software inside there. There's the different tiers
 So there's like the 97 on month level and there's a 200 97 on a month level
 And there's the $1,500 a month level which is soon jumping up too. I'll hire than that
 But here's the side of it right?
 And so in the past I would have those but then like we push a bunch of traffic and sales and something would happen to make a bunch
 of sales at that tier and then like you would just kind of dwindle and like oh we go the next tier and next year and we're bouncing from thing to thing to thing
 You probably noticed that for me. I've got some 80 weeks. I'm like trying to do different things and it's like okay
 We need to build the coaching programs. We run that tier and we do promotion
 We drive traffic and do stuff and we fill that up and they're like, okay
 Oh this this then's hurting over here. So we run back over here
 And we start buying ads and doing things and building up here and it's going back and forth and back and forth, you know
 and so that's been kind of the
 the
 The hamster will have been on it's like juggling all the tiers the value out or how do you keep them up?
 Anyway, not planned but we did something a couple of years ago where
 Basically one of
 As you guys know the one fun way challenge we launched that has it been two years now two years ago
 We did it again saying that we did the big launch it went amazing
 Like five or six thousand people registered the first time and it's like this is so cool
 We did it and then I was like oh and shift next thing went back
 You know and it kind of just started dwindling on the thing went to the next thing and then
 Like man that that one fun away thing we did that made a slot of money was really good people loved it
 We should we should go and do that again, right? You know, it's like oh crap
 So it's like but how do we do it? So we started going back to to do it again and it's like ah, this is too hard. So
 Uh, we took one person our team. It's okay. You're in charge of this and this is the key
 We left someone behind his name Shane Larson. I'm like hey Shane you're in charge of one fun away
 Uh, I want these happening every other week. I want to seem consistent and all these kind of things
 You know and so he took over it and we both will team there's team people and like we left them behind
 Just to keep focusing on one fun away and now him and his team take it and they work on every single week
 It's better and it's better and it's better and like fine-tuned fine-tuned and for last for next year like ofa
 Just kept getting better throughout time and now we're a spot where um we get
 Uh, we we it happens every other week is every two weeks launches
 And we get about 2000 so about a thousand people a week sent for ofa, which is crazy
 That's at a hundred bucks pots home ground of a week. We're making off of ofa
 Um, but it does so much more than that. It's the tier of the value lash people go through that
 And they want more and they send up and so it not only does it make the money up front
 It also it it keeps people moving keeps them in momentum, right?
 As long as we give them a good experience
 They're gonna they're naturally gonna want more value and so but the key lesson I did
 I forgot is that we left some behind and so I've been looking at click files now. We got these different tiers, right? We've got
 Um, the bottom tier which is like the books, but that's like me like I just want to be selling books all day because like
 I said so much time read these stupid books, not stupid these great books
 Um, so like that's kind of me right. I'm I'm there and I should be focusing on like creating ads by you know
 Doing stuff and like focusing there. So that's kind of like where I want to be left behind
 Right now I keep getting pulled from thing to thing thing as well
 So it's like
 Like I want to be focusing there and then we got shames focusing on ofa and then we've got this click funnel's $100 level, right?
 So it's like who's like we need someone there like we need a team there to
 In charge of growing and making it better and things like that
 And we never had and so um, yes, probably saw about a month ago
 We relaunch funnel fridays and the goal of funnel fridays was to create a team
 That's going to be specifically focusing on getting people who are $97 to stick people who have canceled the reengage and to get people who
 I just get all those people there if people have pause plans can reengage like everything we can to get people that level excited
 So funnel fridays have been happening. So each week we pick a funnel type we give away funnel templates
 Like it's been so much fun and um and as I've been watching the numbers over the last month we've been doing this
 Um, our new trials has dramatically spiked up
 People who were canceling our our children rate has dropped down. So it's like it's doing two things
 It's getting people who are who are not click funnels members either they used to be
 They're not whatever
 It's giving them to reactivate or to create a click phones account
 And then people who were who am I left in the past aren't leaving now because they're getting
 Funnels and templates and training and this consistent stuff
 So nag now we're listening behind that things working, right?
 And so it's just happening like every friday there's funnel fridays and it just happens on autopilot and I don't have to do too much
 It's just there's a team there and it's just going to keep getting better and better and better
 Um, which is exciting, right?
 So I hope the next year of the value ladder so next year the value ladder was
 Um, is funnel flicks right click funnels platinum and you get funnel flicks and the same thing like how do we we need to leave someone there?
 And so we built a little team that the funnel flicks team and some of you guys probably saw we did a seven day live launch
 For the list building secrets and a plan is um, about once a month we're gonna do something like this
 Okay, but it won't be every month. It'll be anyway about two months out of the quarter
 We're either seven day live launch. I'd list believe secret she has probably saw it in the list believe secrets was
 I would live six times over three days and at the end of it we gave away that course and a 21 day challenge
 If they were part of click funnels platinum or funnel flicks and from there we had over 650 or so people that
 Upgraded up to that level
 Um and enter this challenge and now over the last 21 days i've been doing 21 delay list building challenge
 We have so many success or people using funnels to build lists and it's like it is insane how successful this little thing has been
 But it got 650 plus people to ascend up from 97 dollars to 297 and that's just people that ascended by the way
 That's not kind of people who just created an account. Um out of the blue and i don't we haven't fair a track that number
 There's so many stats so many things to track um, but 650 people who were at 97 who upgraded to 97
 Um, um, and now there's a team there so once a month ish again next month is not happening a little month after will once a month
 There's a seven day live launch on a specific topic
 We launch it in the end of it
 There's a challenge that goes with it and to be part of the challenge it he part of funnel flicks
 It gets people to send up to that thing and now that's in place. It's happening really happening every month whether i'm there or i'm not
 I'll just it's it's in place now. There's someone who we left behind at that tier of the value ladder
 And uh right now i'm working on the last tier of the value ladder so our higher and coaching program and stuff like that
 We've never had someone left behind there like once a year funnel i can have i sell it and then it just
 People come in and then it attributes over the year and funnel i can have happens again
 We sell it that's back up and just kind of been that way and um
 And so i was like no we need to build a team that's there to make sure it keeps growing getting better and better and better and better
 And that's what we're in the middle of right now and it's been a lot of work a lot of work
 You'll see the execution of it happening at the end of
 June with our
 Well, how much do they name it but you'll see there'll be a live event and a bunch of other cool stuff. Um, and it's the execution of
 um
 How to how to fill and how to keep that growing and and improving throughout time so
 um, when that's done though, I'm done like
 There's something there's someone left behind every tier of the value ladder there to folks making better and better and better and better
 And it takes the pressure off me of like great next thing launch next thing like oh
 I got a shift here and here and back and forth back and forth and takes the pressure off me where I can just sit there
 And just talk about the books
 Like my perfect world. I would do is I'd be writing ads for the books
 I'd be driving sending emails for the books. I'd be like like that's all I want to be doing and then from there
 And everyone gets moved upstream from from there. So that's what i'm working towards
 Hopefully give me a little bit of break. I'm working way too hard, but in last, you know
 Month and a half
 We have built out systems and teams and processes around two tiers of the value ladder and about to launch the third tier
 So it's been a lot of heavy lifting to get in place, but
 Two thirds of it's in place and last third will be in place within a month from now and then it's it's done. I can like
 Take a sigh. So anyway, I'm sharing the video guys number one because it's therapeutic for me to talk about it allowed at number two
 Um, hopefully for some of you guys who are thinking about like now I have a value maze and i'm jumping from anything to thing and my customers are confused
 Everything's confused. It's like come back and simplify it. Okay. It's simple. Make it simple as possible
 You got funnels to bring people in
 After they didn't where are they going and then as you look at that
 Who did you leave behind?
 What are the teams where the people or the processes so that that tier doesn't atrophy fast?
 We want every tier growing. I don't want things atrophy. It's their atrophy means they're dying if they're dying it means
 Um, we shouldn't have it that we need to kill it or we can put something in place a team a person process in place so that it grows
 If things aren't growing they're dying if they're dying you should cut them and just start over so
 Um
 Anyway, I hope that helps. Um, that's what i'm doing over here. That's my brain powers been at
 Um, it's exciting. It's interesting. It's hard working in place when it's done. Like I said, oh, fade
 I'm thought about it over here and just works right
 funnel fridays and
 And um funnel flicks
 Um are now kind of moving that same direction soon our
 Our coaching program or collective
 Keep having name changes with it, but that thing will be in place too. So it's exciting. Anyway, I hope it helps somebody out there
 Uh, appreciate you guys if you enjoyed this episode or any episodes of the mark in the secrets podcast
 Please take a little screenshot on your phone shared on social media tag me and uh tell people to tell me your biggest takeaway
 You got and tell people to go subscribe to the marketing secret show. Appreciate you guys. Thanks so much for everything and i'll talk to you soon
 Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Um arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the click phones community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel away from something some you guys are one funnel way
 From quitting your job. So you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts
 And you guys are funneling away from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand
 The strategy help you understand the tactics help you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So, uh, I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way.com. That's one funnel way.com and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way.com
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
