 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today, we're going to be talking about a new way
 to play the game.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who
 didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in out
 to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question.
 In this podcast, we'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson, and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right, everybody.
 So I hope you are all surviving your quarantine time.
 And as you know, now we are playing a little bit different
 of a game.
 The rules have changed.
 The game has played.
 It's changed.
 I bet for a lot of you guys right now,
 you are annoyed and you're frustrated and you are mad
 and all of the things are happening, right?
 I don't want to tell you guys a story
 because I was thinking about this today.
 When I was growing up, I remember I would play games
 with kids sometimes.
 And the kids would literally--
 the middle of the game, change the rules, right?
 And you guys know as you're growing up, some of your buddies
 and stuff, they change the rules of the game
 in the middle of it.
 And you're like, so I'm fair.
 I guess that how it works.
 But this is how it is.
 It's how we play.
 This is the new rule.
 And it kind of ruins the game.
 You get angry and you find each other and eventually stomp off
 and you don't talk to them for like a week or whatever
 until you make up and then you play another game, right?
 And I remember that was how my life always was.
 And then fast forward to this amazing time
 when I started having kids.
 And as a lot of you guys know, we've got five kids.
 We've got twin boys that are 14, all the way down
 to a five-year-old girl who is the cutest thing
 on this planet, Nora.
 So we've got five kids.
 And I remember as I was an adult and an parent,
 I started playing games with the kids.
 They got old enough.
 We'd start playing these games.
 And then in the middle of the game,
 they literally changed the rules, right?
 They'd be like, OK, dad, you can't do that now.
 I'm like, why not?
 Because this is the new rule.
 This is how it changed.
 And I'd be able to get in like slightly annoyed
 but you're like, whatever.
 It's my kids.
 It doesn't really matter if I win or not.
 I'm just here to play the game.
 And so you go with the punches.
 You change the rules.
 You play.
 They change rules again.
 They play.
 And when they change the rules, you just kind of shift to it
 and you keep adjusting.
 You keep playing.
 And when all of a sudden you have a good time for kids,
 then it's fun.
 And I started thinking about this right now.
 It's been interesting watching as the whole coronavirus
 has been hitting and happening and what's happening.
 Because what happened for everybody
 is the game changed.
 The rules changed in the middle of it
 and didn't make any sense.
 And I think for a lot of people, they're
 taking it very much like 12-year-old Russell did where it's
 like, you can't change the rules.
 That's how it works.
 And getting all angry and upset.
 And you see this.
 You see so many people who are struggling with this, right?
 Where it's like, now I have to work from home.
 Now I can't do this.
 Now I can't do all these rules and these things.
 And you get annoyed by it.
 And there's other people who are just like, OK,
 the games change.
 Rules are changed.
 Cool.
 How do I play within these new rules?
 New confines.
 What's happening?
 How do I play the game now?
 And how do I win?
 And those are the ones who aren't as panicked and less
 freaked out and seem to be the ones who are surviving
 and thriving right now versus others who are still
 just like angry.
 You can't do that.
 You can't change the rules on me.
 And so I started thinking about that.
 And I think for all of us who have to understand that--
 and I've been doing this now.
 I think I'm in my 18th year almost of my online business
 ventures.
 That's crazy to think.
 18 years I've been playing this game.
 And the rules for me have changed a lot, right?
 And I remember getting hurt and upset every single time.
 Like first it was with Google.
 I have my first Google ads account working.
 I'm like, I'm making money that I got slapped.
 And I was like, ah, it's over.
 I remember being mad and angry and frustrated.
 And then it was like, OK, now based on these new rules,
 how do we play the game?
 And from that is where we discovered
 this whole concept of funnels, right?
 Like if we have upsells and downsells,
 we'll make more money.
 Now it doesn't matter if you had cost 1up,
 because now we're still back in, right?
 And that worked for a while.
 And then we got Google Slapped again later.
 And then I was like, OK, based on these new rules,
 how do you play the game?
 And I was like, OK, now it's SEO.
 And I wanted the rules of the game.
 How's it working?
 We figured it out.
 And then we played the game at a high level,
 which are making a ton of money.
 And we're like, this is amazing.
 And then boom, we got slapped again.
 And everything changed again, right?
 So the game changed.
 We have changed our process and our plan and our map.
 And those things again.
 And that worked for a little while.
 And they got slapped again.
 They got changed.
 And it got a point where somewhere in the last 18 years,
 I don't know where, I got so used to that,
 that's just like when the rules change,
 it wasn't like this annoyance.
 It's like, OK, rules change how do we
 play this game now based on these new rules
 and the new things.
 And I think that when you fight against the rules,
 you kick against them a lot of times.
 You know, where sometimes we think
 we're going to fix it or change it.
 But usually we don't.
 Especially when you're playing with your kids,
 a little game to kids, they're the ones in charge.
 Because they start crying.
 It's like, ah, right now we're like,
 we're not the ones in charge, right?
 The government and the health professionals
 and the politicians, they're in charge.
 It keeps changing the rules.
 And they've done it with us advertising.
 I remember a decade ago, they shifted the advertising laws.
 We're also going to become harder.
 All of a sudden, we were able to say,
 we couldn't say anymore.
 And then they shifted again in taxes shift.
 And the things keep shifting.
 And I think that when we get annoyed with it,
 it makes us shrink down.
 And we stop being creative.
 We stop trying to figure it out.
 And eventually, we end up losing the game.
 And they win.
 And I think that if we look at it differently,
 like, OK, this is a new game.
 There's new rules.
 I've got to figure out how to play it.
 I remember going to Tony Robbins business mastery event.
 He talked about this.
 He talked about how, like, I can't remember the numbers.
 10% of your income, you should put into investment account.
 So they're 20% putting investment account.
 He's like, most people, if I tell you that,
 if I say, you have to 20% of your money
 to investment account, you're like, I don't have that kind
 of money.
 I can't afford it.
 He's like, but the government came and said, all right,
 we're taxing you an extra 20%.
 You'd be annoyed.
 You kick and you scream.
 But then you're an entrepreneur.
 And you figure it out.
 You'd figure out ways around it to make an extra 20%
 to cover your taxes.
 So you'd be fine.
 And he says the same thing now.
 He's like, you know, in this thing,
 he's like, change the rules of the game yourself.
 And then figure out to make the extra 20%
 and start putting that away into your investment account,
 or whatever.
 And so it's kind of interesting thinking about that.
 The rules keep changing.
 I think the more we get angry and kick against it
 and fight against it, it's not necessarily
 going to serve us or serve with people
 that we've been called to serve, right?
 It's going to be harder.
 But as soon as we come back, OK, rules of change.
 What are the rules of the game?
 Basically, these are the rules.
 How do I win?
 And that's what we should be looking at,
 is that understanding the rules change.
 We got something happened to wrestling.
 Every single year, they have new rules to clinic.
 So it's like, these are new rules.
 Like, something that we were doing the year before,
 all since now illegal.
 Or something that used to be illegal is now legal.
 You know?
 And it's like, it's coming back to like, OK, what are the rules
 of the game today?
 How do I play this game?
 And how do I win?
 I think if we all start shifting our mindset to that,
 that's how you're going to dominate right now.
 Because the rules of the game shift.
 You have everything that's changed around.
 Anybody who's sitting here fighting trying to get back
 to the old rules is going to lose this game.
 Anybody who's looking at it's OK, based on this,
 what are the new rules of the game?
 How do we play?
 How do we win?
 You start looking for that, figuring out, boom,
 you can go and you can tackle it, right?
 Anybody who's lost their job or whose business got shut down,
 like the rules of the game's got changed on you, man.
 And you got to sit back and say, OK, what's-- what are the new rules?
 How do I play with these rules and how do I win?
 Tim Ferrissen's book, "Four Hour Work Week," which is still one of
 such a good book, one of the original online marketing books.
 He talked about this one.
 I can't remember what style, some style karate he wanted to go
 and compete in.
 So he started and he figured out, what are the rules?
 How do you win this game?
 And like, he wasn't the best person, but I think he went
 and winning a world title or something.
 Based on, he figured out how do you win this game.
 And like, there are a couple of ways to win.
 One was, you can disqualify someone by doing some move
 or doing something.
 So he figured out how to do it, went to the highest levels.
 And one, he won the game, won the title, won everything.
 Even though he wasn't the best technician, the best thing,
 but he figured out what are the rules of the game, how do I win?
 And then he went and he won.
 So for you guys right now, again, the game has changed.
 The rules have changed.
 We've got to figure this out.
 And now that you kind of know that, through that lens,
 I would highly recommend you guys to figure it out.
 Like, hey, what are the new rules?
 How do I play and how do I win?
 And stop worrying about the old rules,
 stop worrying about what used to be,
 what could have been, start focusing on what is today.
 And the faster you get that realization, the faster you make
 the shifts, the faster you start working towards that,
 the quicker you're going to be successful and get back to normal life.
 So anyway, appreciate you all thanks for hanging out today.
 I hope this helps.
 If you got any value from this, please screenshot this,
 tag me on social media and share other people and let them know
 that they just come and subscribe to the Mark and Seeker's Podcast
 to give them the most up-to-date ideas,
 concept strategies, tips, tricks, and things to help grow their company as well.
 Thanks so much, you guys.
 And I'll talk to you all soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 Hey, everybody.
 This is Russell again, and really quick,
 I wanted to invite you to join arguably the best thing that we've ever put out
 inside the ClickFunnels community, and it is a challenge we call the One Funnel Way Challenge.
 You know, everyone in their business, in their life,
 they're one funnel away from something.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from getting more impact.
 Some of you guys are funnel away from growing your company to the next level.
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first
 or your next funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business, this challenge is going to help you understand
 the strategy, help you understand the tactics, help you understand
 all the things you need to be successful with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now, stop everything, pause the audio, go online
 and go to OneFunnelWay.com.
 That's OneFunnelWay.com, and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days, so go get started right now.
 OneFunnelWay.com.
 (upbeat music)
