 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today?
 I've got a glimpse for you, and then I've got
 An idea for you, and that's kind of game plan, so it should be kind of fun
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so
 I hope everyone's having a great time out there. I am
 Madly doing the rewrite right now of the dot-com secrets book which is taking way longer than I thought
 I thought it was gonna be me just kind of tweaking some stuff maybe adding some things here and there
 But in the first two chapters I added nine thousand words so far
 It's basically gonna be a brand new book so for any of you guys who?
 When you buy the box that you'll you'll find a lot of surprises in there. Whoo-hoo
 I hope you like the new updates because I'm putting in insane amounts of time on them
 So maybe that's a dumb idea, but I'm really excited for it. So it's coming soon to a box that book trilogy near you
 So I've got basically seven days of finished the dot-com secrets book and then move over to the expert seekers book
 I think I have two weeks for that and then I've done writing books forever until next book, but yeah
 Anyway, so what I'm gonna do it out is in the traffic seekers book one thing to talk about is
 Figuring out your dream 100 is and then going on to the platform you want to have success with and then you look to see what the dream
 100 are currently doing like what are they doing that has put them in front of the algorithm right?
 because
 Facebook Instagram or YouTube whatever they're always they're always testing things and trying things out and then
 They reward people who do things the way that they want them to and so if you look at like who's winning
 Who's it looks showing up in Facebook or Instagram?
 What what posts are getting the most engagement and feedback which means I mean shared you started looking for those things
 You're looking for the pattern you start seeing oh, that's what?
 Facebook right now is rewarding people for that's the that's the behavior they want us to do
 So that's how the algorithms work they figure out what that behavior you want they want you to do and then they reward those who who kind of
 Sing up with that and that's how you beat the algorithms right and so recently it's been fun
 I don't even know who the first myself, but I saw one of two people who started posting on Instagram is really cool
 short form Q&A where somebody would ask a question and then the guru on the page would answer the question and
 Like if you look at the thing on the thumbnail looks like a side-by-side you see the two faces both
 And we're just holding it with the phone and so
 And so somebody asked the question, you know, and you see it's like for example
 I've done a bunch of now and they're really fun
 somebody texts me a question that's got the video there and so you see my face like frozen then when their their video ends
 and I start talking and I answer the question and
 Anyway, they're pretty cool like and they're getting insane really high engagements to do more and more of them
 And so I'm sure that you guys is just as the hint go to my Instagram
 If you have any go to Instagram comm slash Russell Brunson and look for those
 You'll see probably five or six of them so far
 But then look and those how many comments they get how many likes they get and then start looking for other people to do who are doing that
 Right this game is all about like looking what's working and then modeling it
 It's like that style for whatever reason I was working really really good
 So I'm doing it and you guys should be doing it as well
 And so there's the first the first idea I wanted to share with you guys was that one
 second one is I just got a question today and and
 I responded back to it
 So the question was basically about like hey if you want to be successful laughing, you know, you know, you have to have like daily structures and routines
 So how do you how do you do that?
 So I'm gonna play the audio of my response because I want you to hear it
 I thought it turned out pretty good. I think I don't know
 Hopefully you like it, but kind of shows you as how I block out my day my time to get things done and then we come back
 I'm gonna have a challenge for you. Okay, so I'm gonna queue up the audio for my video right now and I'll be right back
 Hey, what's up all great to hear from you?
 So I'm doing this video from here
 So I want you to see right here my five amazing children and I'm showing those guys because a lot of what you're talking about
 With the daily structure and things like that is all based around them
 You know, it's it's it's funny most was getting to business
 We want freedom and then we start having success and get the significance from it
 It's so much fun. We then obsessed our entire life becomes a business and
 Especially you know for me at this level it gets harder and harder to like you know, so many demands are coming on you
 So for me like I started with like what's the most important thing to me?
 Which are these five humans right here?
 I said, okay, I need to block out time for them. That's like sacred time that nobody else can interfere with so every single morning from
 7 to 9 is like kid time. That's when I wake up in the morning. I'm tickling them. I'm getting them out of bed
 I'm I'm getting them ready for school. I'm driving them to school. I'm dropping them off and going back and forth
 It's crazy, right? So that time's sacred now right now my
 Two oldest so the twins bowin and down right there. They are in wrestling
 So from three till five thirty every day at block out time that I go to wrestling practice want to be there present while the wrestling
 I yesterday a start his first wrestling practice was from six till seven thirty. So that's blocked out
 So the first thing is a block out of my calendar all the sacred time for things are the most important
 And then I block out till nine o'clock at the time to help kids get into bed all kind of stuff
 And then from like nine to eleven my wife and I have sacred time
 So that's like those are like the unnegotiables that time is blocked out reserved for the most important people and then I start
 Sit down and say okay, what are my goals like one of my goals right now is I want to hit 10% body fat by the end of the year
 So it's like if I'm gonna do that I'm gonna block out the time to do it
 So I'm back to my calendar
 I was like okay
 When am I gonna work out is in the morning is it night is it before seven o'clock starts is it let you know after the kids go to bed
 And block out that time that's like you're my my business goals
 Okay, it's do that and I'm rewriting right now the the on the dot-com secrets the experts seekers book
 Like I've got a block out three or four hours a day to be able to do that
 So I just take my my calendar
 And I look at the priorities and I block out for the most important priority first
 And I come sacred time then I'm like with some my next priority and block it out
 I keep doing that till the calendars filled and then literally I just come in and I work off my calendar
 I'm system I'm like, Melly, what's the plan today?
 She's like here's our encounter you got this this this this and this and I go and I do those things
 And and so for me that's kind of what it is and it's something that's always changing because like wrestling season soon for the boys
 They'll be done right Ellie just finished soccer season when her soccer season comes back in then I make that time to move things around
 And so it's a fluid thing where every month or two on the send back down and really
 Figure out my priorities and my biggest goals
 I rededicate out sacred time for the kids the family for things like that and then I move other things around figure out my goals are now
 And I block them in and for me
 You know
 Having a goal is great
 But if you don't have like this structure like here's the hours the day you're gonna go to accomplish that goal
 It never actually happens
 So I'm very big at figuring out what it is you want and then blocking out the time inside the calendar
 So you can make sure you you get it done as well as everything else you're trying to get done
 So that's how I do it. Hope that helps and for everybody who's listening don't forget my favorite quote
 No success and compensate for failure in the home
 So but how successfully are makes for the first thing you do is block out time with your wife's your spouse your kids
 or certificate others whatever this for you because that time you can't get back and it's the most important and
 All the other success things we do are just fun to keep our minds busy while we wait for them to get out of school
 So that's all I got hope you're doing good and we'll talk soon. All right, welcome back
 So there's how I answer my questions. So I've got a test for you guys
 I want you guys to actually this isn't just a listening exercise like most of my podcast
 I'm making you make you guys go do something so I actually want you to go to Instagram
 I'm gonna do it with you right now and go to Instagram calm
 Slash Russell Brunson so Instagram calm slash Russell Brunson's all one word are you s's ELL B?
 Are you an SON or open to Instagram app?
 Which is even smarter and then just open this again
 And I want you to go to my my thing make sure you're following me if you're not yet
 Go click on the follow buttons who follow me as of right now there are
 577,000 people who follow me I want to be over a million because all the cool kids have a million
 So you can go subscribe that'd be super cool
 Anyway, and when you scroll down and there's a bunch of them that I've done that way as I'm scrolling there
 And I see one right here with the the the title tops is being focused is over over
 Rated I scroll down a little bit more. See one says
 What do you do when you're feeling alone?
 Scroll down a little more. I'll see one says why you should strand yourself with the right people
 Because they're looking at these scroll down and look for them and what you have to see the model
 And then as you're showing to my Instagram feed notice all the different things Ken
 We are we're always
 Testing all sorts of different things on Instagram. It's like yes, it is as well and I don't care if it's Instagram or whatever platform
 You're on we're testing different things. So notice all the tests. I'm doing tests of like these little quote cards look like somebody tweeted something
 I'm doing pictures with my family pictures, but I mean Kenya. I'm doing
 You just cartoons and and if you notice like hover over those things and look at say counting people are liking have you were
 commenting what's happening and right now Instagram's funny because engagement is like is literally is
 Dying like back a month ago. I was getting like ten thousand hearts on every single picture
 I post now it's like between one and three thousand, but what's cool about it?
 If you scroll over these or you look at it, you'll see like which ones are getting the most
 The most likes like the hearts and most comments and that's our judge and we were literally we're just throwing out hooks testing different things
 And seeing what happens seeing which ones get most likes and hearts and then the ones that have the most success
 We do more of that so same things to true for you
 You can do it yourself start posting stuff or just look at mine look at people you you model and you follow and look at the style
 What they're doing and see which ones are the ones are getting the highest engagement and then you're like oh my gosh
 This one's got a nice engagement. That's the kind of thing
 I should be modeling when I'm doing my posts and my things like that
 Okay, so there's some funnel hacking from the traffic secrets book to kind of share with you guys and that's just
 me doing it here on on
 On Instagram, but the same thing is true on any of the platforms
 And so go play with it go test it and and have some fun
 So hope that helps and I hope this gives you some ideas for some cool content
 You can post an Instagram or other channels of your own as well and with that said
 I'm gonna get back to writing the dot com secret book
 So thanks again for listening and I'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
