 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast and oh boy
 Do I have a treat for you guys today?
 so the guest for the podcast is my new friend and wrestling partner Nick Santanis dasso and
 He's someone who had a chance to I've seen him online a whole bunch of times and a whole bunch of different places
 And then he reached out to me out of the blue said hey Russell come night interviews my podcast and I knew that he'd wrestled
 I was like dude. Yes, and and then and you know I was excited
 I love your message love who you are lovely stand for and he's like
 If you want to actually fly out to Boise and at the time I was just sitting in my wrestling room
 I knew he was a wrestler
 I was like dude how about this you come out and then you can interview me for your podcast and then I'll actually
 Restle you my wrestling room and he was like yeah, it'd be amazing
 and so we planned this whole thing out and
 the week before Thanksgiving he flew out here to Boise and I did an interview for his podcast and then came back to my
 wrestling room and wrestled and obviously my entire family wanted to meet him and to see him and
 if you haven't met Nick before he has no legs and he was one arm and
 His story is amazing and the fact that he was a wrestler is even cooler
 And so meet him wrestled and after he got in wrestling. It's so much fun
 Then I you know everyone my kids and my wife and my parents were there and everybody had a million questions for him
 So I said how about this?
 Let's do a little mini a little mini seminar with my with my kids to be willing to and he's like sure
 And so we pulled up some wrestling you pull up some of the the mats and the crash pads and that the box jumps
 and we had everybody sit on him and and then Nick had a chance to kind of tell some of his story and
 Talk to the kids at a really cool level. It was really fun
 You know some one of my kids was really nervous asking questions. He thought I was gonna get mad at him
 It's just anyway, it's it's fun. You have a chance to hear from kids
 You're asking questions and and hear a Nick story and I hope that you love it
 It was a one of the one of the highlights of my year super special
 opportunity for me and for my family to have a chance to to meet someone like Nick and to hear a story and and
 It's just a huge blessing that I think
 He gave me to be able to have him talk to my kids
 And so I wanted to share this with you guys because a lot of you guys have kids a lot of you guys are kids and a lot of
 You guys are different situations and I hope that some of the things that Nick shared with me and my family
 It'll mean a lot to you as well. So with that said we're gonna keep the theme song and we come back
 You have a chance to sit in into a private discussion with my kids and Nick as they talk about life
 motivation about doing your best of a much other cool thing. So with that said
 We'll keep the theme song. We'll be right back
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson
 I'm here in our wrestling room right now with a bunch of my kids and cousins and
 Friends because we've got a special guest in town in Boise today
 Who I just got done wrestling which was so much fun and this is Nick
 We had a great time and so thanks for coming and hanging out with us here in Boise and talking to all the kids
 You got it. So kind of gameplay
 I want to do is I wanted my kids to get to know him and hear some of his stories and stuff for so many reasons
 And so I love it to kind of begin with if you want to tell them a little about your story
 About your life growing up wrestling and just kind of some of the background and then I got some cool questions about
 Other stuff we'll talk about you. Yeah, great. It's pretty open-ended when he says share your story
 I got a long story
 And so I'll give you a little context of why I was born like this and yes
 I was born like this I didn't wrestle no sharks or anything
 you got some laughs and so in
 1997 I'm 24 years old in
 1996 my mom went in for a late ultrasound and ultrasound is where they see you know the baby inside the stomach and
 They sat my parents down and said something's really wrong
 And they said from the looks of it. It doesn't look like your babies limbs are being developed
 It looks like he's missing his legs his arm and his face might be messed up clearly my face isn't messed up, right?
 and
 And so what they did was they classified me with what they call hand-heart syndrome and
 Hand-heart syndrome is a super rare genetic disorder that either leaves the babies with undeveloped limbs or undeveloped organs
 And so that means the babies are either born
 With a heart that can't beat on its own or their stomach can't you know process food on its own and they later on pass away
 And so they told my parents that their baby boy has about a 30% chance to live
 And so I was born and the test of my organs came back a hundred percent healthy and the only thing that was affected were my limbs
 And so I was born in this unicorn body of no legs and one arm and all my organs are a hundred percent healthy and the the always the little
 The lesson behind that is you know the the doctors said it had about a 30% chance to live and my parents made a massive
 Promise and that promise was that they were gonna focus on the 30% chance to be living rather than the what?
 Exactly you're dying exactly the aggressive way to say it and so the 70% chance to be dying exactly and so in life
 That's the same. Oh careful. I know you beat me up earlier, but stay on here
 And so the the little lesson is would you agree that there's always in your life?
 There's always something bad that you can focus on
 Would you agree and would you agree that there's always something good that you can focus on?
 And so the majority of humans and you can agree the majority of adults always focus on the negative stuff
 And so if we can train our brain to always focus on the good things then we always win
 And so that was that was how I was born and then getting into wrestling
 When I got in the middle school in high school, which some of you when you get into middle school in high school at that time a big
 A big portion of life was boyfriends and girlfriends, right like awkward phase getting into middle school in high school
 I see people getting awkward right it's awkward and so
 and so I
 Felt like I I stood out why clearly stood out because I have no legs one arm
 And there was a specific moment where I was on the bus and there was a girl to the left of me
 And she was making fun of everyone on the bus and I'm like oh my god
 She's gonna have a field day with me and she looked over to me and she said Nick
 I don't even have to start with you. You're already too messed up anyway. Look at you
 And I'm only a 14 15 year old kid and the first question that pops in my head is why me?
 Has he have you ever asked yourself like why is this happening to me?
 Right and so I asked myself why is this happening to me and from that moment of one girl making fun of me
 I thought things like oh I'm disgusting. I'll never have a girlfriend. I'll never go to a school dance
 I'll never be able to walk my girlfriend to her locker because I can't walk as she want to hold my finger is that weird
 Right, I just started thinking about all these negative things
 And so for the majority of my life
 I thought my body my no legs on one arm was the most disgusting thing the biggest curse that life could give me and
 Then I was able to reframe it and what reframing is is like say you have a bad event happening your life
 Right and I have the same thing happen to me. You could see all the good and I could see all the bad
 It's what we focus on yes, and so I realized a couple years later that
 If a girl doesn't want to be my girlfriend or if someone doesn't want to do business with me because my no legs one arm
 Well, wait, maybe this disability or whatever you want to call it is actually working for me
 And it's filtering out the type of human and women's that I don't want in my life anyway
 And so when you show up authentic when you show up transparent and you show up yourself
 Would you agree that the universe makes it very easy to see who's your friend and who's you not your friend?
 I
 mean have you ever had a situation in school where
 You thought someone was your friend and they no longer was is that ever happened?
 And that means that we don't want those people in our life
 And then you also have people in your life that love on you right yeah anyone have good friends here. I hope raise hands
 That's because you show up yourself and so I have a quote. I have a quote on my arm
 It says you laugh at me because I'm different I laugh at you because you're all the same
 And that's not me making fun of people with legs and arms
 But what I'm saying is the best thing you could be the most authentic thing you could be is who who do you think?
 Are you listening you
 You you show up Nora and you're the greatest Nora that the world has ever seen because you are you and so
 We're gonna grow up and people are gonna like us and people are not gonna like us who agrees with that
 But as long as you show up yourself
 The universe makes it really easy to find out who loves you for you and who doesn't love you for you
 Facilitator where to where else would you like to go?
 So now we're in high school the struggling high school stuff and you told me you your older brothers are wrestler and you wanted
 To do that I love to hear the story about wrestling why you got involved in that
 Yeah, so my older brother was a wrestler is a really good wrestler and I thought wrestlers with the coolest thing on earth
 And so when I got in the high school
 I was looking for a way to build more confidence in myself because I didn't have much confidence
 And so I wanted to do something that was gonna make me feel really good about myself
 And so I wanted to become an athlete after my whole life people said Nick you can't be an athlete you can't do sports
 you have no legs when arm and so
 One day I came into school my friend said Nick you should try wrestling and I said I can't my arm and this we call it the potato
 It looks like a potato now, but it used to look like a chicken wing
 You believe it?
 you believe it?
 And the reason why it looked like a chicken wing is because this arm was five inches longer than it is now and my bone was going faster than my skin
 So it was super sensitive and the bottom line is if I would have hit my arm hard enough my bone when it came through my skin
 Yeah, crazy, right?
 And so I couldn't do any physical activities with it and so one day I came home and I said mom and dad
 You know I want to become a wrestler and they said you can't your arm and I looked at my parents and I said can we cut my arm off?
 And I said what and I said yeah, I'm not joking can we cut my arm off?
 Can we do something about it?
 And they said is this something that you really want to do and I said it's gonna
 It's gonna make me an athlete. I'll be able to wrestle I have more confidence in myself and so my sophomore year of high school
 My parents scheduled the appointment for the doctors to amputate my arm
 And so I have these scars here
 But what they did was I didn't know they could do this but they lasered five inches of my bone off and then they pulled extra
 Skin now you're taller than me
 Then they pulled extra skin from my shoulder over my bone so I could beat people up with it
 I remember right before I went into surgery
 I said doc if I can't beat someone over the head with my arm when I come back we're gonna have a problem
 right I need to be able to do some physical activities with this thing and so I went throughout the surgery and
 You know I go back to school I had like 17 stitches in my arm
 And I was the happiest kid that just cut his arm off I go back to school smiling and people are like Nick
 What'd you do? I'm like come on off?
 It's great and they said why and I said I'm gonna become a wrestler and people made fun of me
 They said Nick how you gonna become a wrestler you have no legs on arm
 And so I went out and I became a wrestler my junior year
 I got my butt kicked and then my senior year
 I was able to come out as the 106 pound varsity wrestler for my high school and
 Would you agree that that would probably instill confidence in me?
 I probably feel a little bit better about myself. I'm an athlete. Maybe the girls will like me
 That's my thought process as a 16-7-year-old kid and then
 The app vine came out
 You all know what vine is you remember vine you remember vine
 Vine was an app that you could post six second videos, right? Raise your hand if you know what vine is adults raise your hand if no
 Vine is
 All right, I'm gonna educate you so divine vine was an app in
 2014 I was a senior in high school where you can post six second videos
 You had to be as creative as you can in six seconds
 And so I wanted to create a way where I could make people laugh
 But inspire them at the same time and I wanted to do something that has never been done before and
 So I thought I was with my friends like this and we're thinking of my idea and I said I got an idea
 I said how many legless guys do you see crawling around Walmart pretending to be a zombie?
 That was me
 And so I said that's a great idea
 And so I'm a senior in high school and I put fake blood on my face
 And I put fake blood on my clothes and I set out to my local Walmart in New Jersey
 Which Nick's not allowed in that Walmart anymore
 And I go down the aisles and I'm looking for my victim and I see this guy's heavily invested in the paper towels
 And I looked at my camera guy go record this
 I'm gonna try to scare him and so I came around the corner as fast as I could like this
 And he goes oh and he threw the paper towels at my face
 And I looked at my camera guy go was that six seconds he goes yes
 I'm like yes, this is just what the internet needs and
 So I apologize to the guy I told him I wasn't a zombie and then I'm really alive
 And thanks for letting me prank you and I told my friends picked me up and carried me out of Walmart before we get kicked out
 And so I posted the video and I wanted 500 kids to see the video
 I wanted to get 500 views
 I posted the video and I went to sleep and when I woke up for school the next morning the video had over
 80,000 likes and over 80,000 reposts I
 Go back to school my friends like dude you're the zombie king and I'm like what did I get myself into?
 and
 so in under a year my senior year I gained a million followers on Vine and
 The the owners of the Walking Dead the TV show hired me to fly out to Tokyo Japan to scare the main actor the Walking Dead as a zombie
 and so
 The lesson in this don't try to crawl around Walmart it probably won't work for you
 But would you agree that we all have unique gifts?
 unique ways unique ways to make people laugh inspire them for me was crawling around Walmart at the time
 But we all have unique gifts as you said, you know God gives us unique gifts and we have to use those and
 And so I use my unique body to scare people and make them laugh at the same time which led me into
 Going out on the internet and gaining a bunch of followers
 And then I realized at one point that when I have kids and grandkids
 Then I want them to know me for much more than crawling around a Walmart
 So I I did what every kid with no legs and when arm kid would do is I tried out for bodybuilding
 Said no one ever
 A lot of the times in bodybuilding they say you know you have to focus on your legs
 But most bodybuilders skip leg day anyway, and so I fit right in. Where do you want to go from here?
 Well, that's my zombie prank story and so some of you may have seen my zombie pranks
 You've seen him. I've seen my dorm I
 Yeah, so that was high school Nick I've evolved
 I've come a long way from scaring people in Walmart. That's cool
 So you got the bodybuilding and then I just want because like one thing I think a lot of us people don't do is like
 We dabble and things like oh we'll try this I'm gonna try this and try this but when you decided I'm gonna be a bodybuilder
 It wasn't just like dabbling right you shifted your environment shifted everything we'll talk about kind of the process there and what you did
 Yeah successful. Yeah, what what humans have we all have it is shiny objects syndrome kind of like Nora
 Nora has shiny you like shiny objects, right?
 Stars and bells and whistles and all humans like that
 And so we try to do one thing and we're like oh maybe I want to try this over here
 And so when I wanted to become a bodybuilder
 I was living in New Jersey and it's very cold in New Jersey most of the time and so I moved to Florida because it's
 Have you ever been to Florida anyone?
 We got to get you to Florida. I know Boise's great, but I mean Florida is great too
 and
 So I moved to Florida and I wanted to become a bodybuilder and the first thing I did was found a really
 Muscle a big muscle dude and I said well you teach me how to body build you look like you know what you're doing
 And and that's what we do in business right is if we want to do something we find out someone who's successful and we model them
 And the reason being is because we don't have to reinvent the wheel
 We don't have to recreate something we just find someone who's successful and we learn from them
 and so I
 Became why attempted to become a bodybuilder when I moved to Florida
 I told everyone over over a million people that followed me that before
 2017 was over I was gonna step
 or hop on the competitive bodybuilding stage before the year was over and
 so I did a 12-week preparation and I dedicated 12 weeks of my life to training and health and fitness and
 I was 10 weeks into my prep and I went to Vegas for an expo and
 One of the days I went to the gym. Do you guys know the rock?
 So the rock was in the gym when I was at the gym and I've been blowing him up with bodybuilding videos for years
 and so he already knew who I was and so I
 Go I go in the gym and long behold
 There's doing the rock Johnson and he's surrounded by four security guards and he's working out. I'm like oh my god
 It's the rock
 And I told my friends I said let's not bother this man
 I stick out like a sore thumb if he sees me he's gonna know who Nick is right and so
 After about 45 minutes of lifting his security guard comes over and taps me on my shoulder and says you're Nick right?
 I said not many people look like this. I'm Nick and he goes
 Can Dwayne meet you?
 I was like dude bring him on I've been waiting all this time
 And so you know they they bring me over into the corner and they bring the rock over and the rock gets on my level
 Her tries his best to get on my level and he goes dude
 I'm such a big fan can I have a picture with you and on the outside?
 I'm like sure bro, but on the inside I'm like oh my god
 It's doing the rock Johnson right fan girl in and so we took a picture and
 I
 Blurted out all my goals to him. I said I'm gonna be the first Calvin Klein model with no legs
 I'm gonna write a book
 I'm gonna speak all over the world and he said Nick you're right because people like you and I they put us in
 Andy industry and we adapt and overcome and
 All of us would you agree with COVID in this during this weird time?
 We've all adapted right we do school differently we hang out with friends differently right would you agree?
 We all adapted and so the more that we exercise the muscle of doing things differently the more successful will be when we're adults and so
 After that I went back to Florida and I competed in bodybuilding against full-bodied guys and
 I took third
 I beat I beat full guy full-body guys in bodybuilding
 But I was telling Russell that I competed in the category where they don't judge your legs
 That was important right cuz I don't got legs
 I don't want them to judge my legs and so I competed and I took third and I was like the first man with no legs
 One arm to jump on a bodybuilding stage and the quote the quote that I used is over the 24 years of my life
 I realized it's not the physical body that holds us back
 But the biggest disability you can have
 What do you think it is?
 Your mindset great job you guys rock
 Next thing we'll talk to you about is I know in your company you have a program that goes over like a year-long
 Victorious right yeah each month covers a different letter. So I love just today and then probably out of time after that
 But talking about the V and what that is in victorious
 Victorious right yeah, yeah and just talk about that for these guys because I think that's the first step for a lot of these guys
 When they're planning goals in sports or school or any of their the things are trying to become yeah, so junior victorious
 I created it because
 People like me and Russell if if we have all the knowledge and we don't give it to kids
 Then what's the use of it because we're not gonna be around forever
 That's just reality and so we have to teach young people like you so you can come go and take over the world when you when you grow up
 And so victorious basically the first month is V which stands for vision and what vision is is getting really clear on what you want in life
 I think you can agree that the majority of
 Humans don't really know what they want in life
 They go to work or they go to school and don't really know why their first answer is I have to but there's a deeper reason
 Why you go to school you probably want to be something you want to do something with your life
 And so V is getting clear say you're an athlete. It's like how many wins you want to have how many hours a day
 Do you want to drill?
 What grades do you want to get does anyone know what they want to be when they're older curious?
 No idea
 You got something in the pink
 I
 Got it maybe we'll skip over that one
 So but a vision are you okay? So vision basically is just getting very clear in what you want and the reason why
 Do you like cars? Yeah, what kind of cars you like?
 What kind of car do you want?
 You don't know just one that goes fast
 Yeah, exactly so if he says I want a car and the one that goes fast
 He's not gonna get it because he doesn't know what car he wants
 So the more clear that he can get on what car he wants who agrees that he'll get the car faster because he knows exactly what he wants
 That's a perfect example of all human beings. They want things, but they don't really know what they want
 Right. Yeah, and so next time I come back to Boise
 I want you to have a specific car that you want so we can go get that car. Is that cool?
 I'm not buying it Russell by
 But so getting very clear on what you want and so it's like who do you want to be?
 What kind of job do you want to work?
 What kind of college you want to go to what kind of school do you want to be?
 And the more clear that you can get on things the faster that you get them. That's why
 For example, if you wanted a specific car adults help me out here because kids a little bit difficult
 Have you ever wanted a specific car and you were driving down the road and was the only car you saw?
 Or women have you ever wanted?
 I don't wear dresses, but women have you ever wanted a specific dress and you finally got that dress and then you saw a bunch of
 Other women that had the same dress
 It's because your your brain will go to what you want. That's why
 People who are depressed or people who are sad they'll always be sad because they're always focused on the bad in their life
 They're not focused on the good and so our brain is extremely powerful because say you and I were very heavily invested in real estate
 And they were having a they were whispering a conversation about real estate
 We would hear it because our brain would pick up on it because that's where focus is
 That's why the rich get richer and the poor get poorer
 The poor always focus on all the bad in their life and the rich are focused on the opportunities
 And so your brain is a computer
 What you focus on you will get more of and so if you're always focused on
 Why me or why is this happening to me or why is my life suck your brain will always come up with answers of why your life sucks
 Who sees that?
 But if you ask yourself the question of why am I amazing?
 Why did I get B by Nora during the wrestling match or you know?
 Why is my life amazing your brain will always find the answer and that's the thing our brain is a problem solving computer
 And so it always looks for problems to solve and
 You know this if you don't if you're sitting around in your house and you don't have a problem
 Your brain will think of a problem and you'll try to solve it
 Just because that's the way the brain works and so I'll give you an easy example
 If I woke up every single day a man with no legs and one arm and I focus on the fact that I'll never become a professional soccer player
 Will I be happier sad?
 Quick
 Sad right I'll never become a professional soccer player. That's reality
 But if I focus on what are my unique strengths? How can I make people laugh? How can I inspire them? What does my life look like then?
 It's better, right?
 It's where my focus where my focus is like Tony says where focus goes energy flows
 They're tough crowd
 Okay, next what questions you guys have for Nick?
 Riker
 It's a great question. So I drive a car regular wheel
 He's probably laughing because he doesn't think I could drive a car. So he just got proved wrong real quick
 That's like teenage years. They try to test people and so I drive a car with a regular wheel
 It's why he's getting embarrassed. It's why you drive a car with a regular wheel and then I have a
 Little lever and I pushed a lever for break and I pushed the level over for gas
 I actually have videos of me drifting my race car around the parking lot
 Great question
 You got one no, okay, just making sure
 Oh
 Eight what's your favorite food great question you want to guess I
 Like I like spaghetti
 I'm Italian my parents gave me a lot of spaghetti as a kid you like spaghetti want to go eat spaghetti after this we can ditch this thing
 It's some spaghetti
 That's a great question
 Any other questions you just have
 We're super lucky to have him here
 How do you like battle the fear of when he's trying to start something new or like try something?
 How do you like overcome the fear of trying something new? That's a great question. So
 They've done a I'll give you a little story to help paint the picture. So they've done a study on skydivers
 And basically, you know, they they hook the heart monitor up to skydivers
 And so when they when they fly them up in the plane
 Their heart is going really fast right? They're getting super nervous. Oh my god
 And then the moment that they jump out of the plane their heart goes back to the normal normal speed and so how do we eliminate fear?
 we take action and
 So a lot of the times Russell and I are probably scared to do new things you're scared a lot
 Well, you're not scared of once new funnels your master at it
 But you know launching new things were very scared, but I much rather
 Attempt at my dreams and my goals and be on the sideline hoping wishing and regretting because at the end of the day
 We only have one life for all we know and there's so many people that are sitting on the sideline of life, right?
 Like making fun of people bashing them you can't do this you can't do that
 But I much rather be on the mat rather than on the sideline
 And also
 Realizing that failure is just feedback a lot of the times we get program as kids that failures bad
 I don't want to fail but actually failures are greatest lesson or teaching right and so I
 Felt I failed a lot at life
 Everything was hard for me getting my clothes on feeding myself, you know, you name it
 It was hard and that's why I've been so successful because I'm not afraid of failure
 And so if we learn early on that failure is amazing and failures are best friend
 We'll have a better life and so a little quote for you to remember if you want to remember it is if failures are faux
 You will never grow if failures a friend you'll learn to the end
 Super easy had to make it super dumb proof for adults as well
 Someone asked a good ask his question. Yeah
 It's like I don't know just like telling like dropping now like I'm asking for you
 Yeah, so so down on wants to be successful in life, but he focuses on he wants to drop out of high schools
 All these every talks bells I want to drop out I want to drop out
 That's his vision and his goal because he it was it was interesting like because I think he's got the right mind
 So he wants something he wants to be successful, but he focuses on that all the time
 So he's questioning wants to ask you is about him dropping out of school. Yeah, you can ask it
 Well, how do I say it?
 How do you drop out? Yeah
 We're like, oh no should I do it let me let me let me ask you a question
 Do you do you individually pay for your school? Nope, so why not get the knowledge if it's free?
 Because when you're an adult you're gonna have to pay for knowledge
 So if you're getting it for free why not take an advantage
 Because it's boy
 Not born it's on positive
 Great takeaway
 But would you agree if something's free you might as well leverage it. Yeah
 So if you're forced to go if you're if you're a teenager and you're stuck in school
 Why not learn as much as you can because it's free and you're not paying for it
 You probably don't take it serious enough because you don't pay for it. Yeah, yeah
 So maybe you need a little bit more skin in the game
 Or yeah, I don't know
 So I'd say get the knowledge while it's there
 What is the who's the OG he says a broken stupid who's that oh?
 Zig Ziglar is it zig or Jim Ron?
 One of them. Yeah, the worst thing you could be is broken stupid and on top of that broke stupid and ugly you can't fix ugly
 She might as well get the knowledge while it's there
 I'm not calling you ugly, but I'm saying is you don't want to be broke or stupid
 So get the knowledge while it's there right you're not paying for it's free knowledge
 You'd be stupid not to take the knowledge
 Dude once you get out high school do you want if you can't make it through high school you ain't gonna make it through business
 Good good luck good luck
 High school is easy real world's way harder than high school if you want to quit and tap out in high school good luck brother
 Let's keep that in there. It's a great lesson. That's a great lesson. That's a great lesson. I'm a post it on my Instagram
 What do you think do you have any questions no
 All right
 anybody else
 That was a good question it takes takes a lot to ask the question like that one of the why cuz it's most people wouldn't ask that question
 Yeah, I like it. I like the question. Yeah great
 You want to drop out to you? Oh, okay?
 Just make it sure
 Just make it sure
 The good the good news for all you kids is that everybody wants to drop out
 Doesn't really do I want to drop out of business lots of times it gets hard if people angry at people suing me
 I got all sorts of stuff and there's tons of times like oh so much easier to drop out
 But it's like well I have a vision talk earlier. What's the vision?
 What are you trying to accomplish in life?
 Yeah, go through a lot of hard stuff to get the good stuff if you're not willing to go to the hard stuff
 You never get the good stuff
 You want a family one day?
 Maybe okay, you want a girlfriend one day? Yeah, yeah, maybe or boyfriend no okay
 No, no, no, whatever you go, right
 But imagine imagine your kid coming up to you one day and said my dad's a dropout
 Did I like it as long as you're proud of your decision. He made something of it
 But I'm not your dad
 Yeah, I'm just a coach
 He tells the story you told me in in lunchtime about your motivation to encourage you back to keep working at hard and hard times
 Yeah
 So a lot of a lot of people
 Ask me how like how do you say so motivated to say so healthy with no legs when arm and
 The reality is that there's there's a lot of kids that are paralyzed in wheelchairs
 There's a lot of adults that are paralyzed in wheelchairs that look up at look outside every day and say
 I wish I could go outside or I wish I could go to the gym and they can't
 But the one thing one little visualization that I was kind of going in with him is
 Whenever I feel myself falling off track I picture me like I'm 24 so I picture myself like 30 35 and maybe I have a kid or two
 And I'm in my office and that kid walks in and says dad, why'd you get so fat?
 Dad, why do you why'd you let yourself go?
 Dad used to be a great speaker. Why'd you give up on your dreams?
 It makes me feel some type of way like if I really went into it
 I probably start crying because I never want my kid to look at me as a disappointment and so I may not have kids now
 But it's a motivation for me to keep going because at one point. I'm not going to be building a business for myself
 Who am I going to be building a business for?
 My family right so it's it's way deeper than us as we get old but you're young so you got time
 Don't worry about kids calling you fat or anything
 But what I'm saying is I just I I visualize you know my my kids looking at me and I want them look at me proud not as a
 a
 Fat dad that gave up on his dreams who agrees or a fat mom make a book on their dreams right? That's a bit aggressive
 It works for me
 That's awesome
 Very cool great anything else you guys got you guys are full of energy. I love it
 I appreciate you man. Thanks for coming with us. You got it and
 Nor thanks for beating me up today. All right. Let's give Nick a huge round of applause
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 Questions through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing
 Pull your phone out and actually text me a message. Okay now the phone over your text is
 208-231-3797 once again
 It's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello
 And then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you were on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
