 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to mark me serious podcast
 Alright, so as we all know 2020 has been insane
 But now that we are rounding out the end of 2020 and getting towards the end
 I've got some really fun and exciting and cool things that I'm working on. They're so excited for most of my
 Can't tell you about yet. Unfortunately, it's coming soon. I promise I will divulge everything in real time
 This is I'm able to hear on this podcast, but you guys been you know behind the scenes
 You know for six or seven years. So again, it's coming soon, but until it does come soon until it's actually here
 I can't tell you the details
 I can tell you what my mind is thinking about as I'm going into these things and so I'm sure if you guys some of my thoughts
 about front-hacking business models and
 Really what you need to do to be successful quickly in any business you decide you want to jump into
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, what I want to talk about is just
 You know, I spend so much time with you with you guys when the entrepreneur is talking about all these core concepts
 like funnel hacking and offer hacking and you know design hacking and all these things right where we're looking at other businesses looking
 What they're doing and trying to understand their models
 and the reason why is because
 It drives me nuts because I get people
 You know some break. Oh Russell says just a copy. I'm like, it's not what I said. I never said to copy like
 Specifically said don't copy it's illegal and ethical like I said look at business models
 So you try to understand like what someone's doing right like if I was gonna get into t-shirt business
 I would go find out who the top 10 most successful t-shirt business owners in the world and see what they're doing and like
 Like what are they doing? How are they structuring their funnel?
 They've upsells they've downsells or they do a whole bunch of front-end
 So they've won front-end with a lot of back-ends is it Shopify stores that if click fun ones that are funneled to store like what's
 What's the model that's working today look like right? I would I would study it. I spent a lot of time figuring out
 And so they saw them like oh, that's it and it'd be super easy and I would just model it right I'm not gonna copy it
 I'm just okay
 I thought you know
 I can tell by based on these people who are making X amount dollars a month or a year
 That they start with this they go from here and they go from here now
 I'm gonna take my own t-shirts my own designs
 I'm gonna use that structure and maybe the same price pricing strategy, but I'm gonna do my own thing right and
 That's kind of what funnel hacking is but it's interesting because if you look at I
 Don't know. I think sometimes we all over complicate this like there's not that many different business models right like
 Depending what business you're in
 There's one or two business models right and so it's it's interesting like I think a lot of people
 Spend time studying like what's this person's business model like let me understand. What's this person's?
 One thing that I do when I meet new people for the first time is literally I try to figure out their business model
 That's the first set of questions. I'm asking my case. What do you sell? You know, what's the price point?
 What's in the funnel like you have upsells with you back in like what's the price point?
 How much money to make how much money to make from this part versus this like what?
 Percentage of revenue comes from here versus here versus here within about five ten minutes. I can usually get a really good
 Snapshot like oh, that's what the business looks like. I understand it right
 Then all I start doing is I'm as I'm interviewing people talking people trying to figure things out
 I'm looking at whose business model is the sexiest who's is the best right? It was interesting
 I'm not gonna name names because I don't want everybody
 funnel hacking this person and and everything but there's a person I was hanging out with recently and
 First time I had a chance to meet this person and super impressive person. I'll keep saying that
 Person's awesome. Anyway
 they
 You know, I kind of knew what their revenues were and I knew what they were doing and and I started asking the questions within
 You get five minutes or so. I saw their business model. I'm like, that's it like there's like what are we missing?
 There's gonna be there's gonna be five ways over over complicate this right like what if I did this or this or this or this and
 I know that's literally my business. I'm like oh my gosh
 I get so simple and so brilliant and so beautiful and it's like I'm not in that business
 But if I was gonna do something kind of similar like there's the structure it
 That's what the business model looks like I do this drives to this and drives to this right?
 It was so exciting for me as I'm working some of these new projects. I'm like, okay
 That person's business model if it really get in this business over here, right? I can see it really quickly
 same kind of thing
 I'll just show you like a super easy example that might make this more tangible like Ben subtle. I you guys know Ben
 Settle you've heard me talk about him. He's the guy who kind of pioneered this concept daily sign for the emails
 He read the dot-com seekers book. I talked about this right, but Ben's business model is so simple. Okay, let me explain it
 He's got a landing page that people opt into when the opt-in landing page to get a free copy of his email players newsletter
 He sells for $97 a month you to free a shoe
 after that he emails you every single day and he sells you
 in every single email every single day
 The ability to sign up for a $97 a month newsletter. That's it. That's a business model
 Okay, and he's done that now send email every single day for as long as I've known which is almost a decade now
 I don't think he's ever missed today so consistent, but his business models drive traffic traffic to the landing page people
 Give you email address exchange for free issue of my newsletter
 Then send the email every single day telling a story talking about my newsletter and get them to buy my newsletter for nice a large month
 That's it. That's the business model super simple super easy super non-complicated. That's it
 So if I was like I want to be the business driver print newsletter. It's like okay. What's the business model?
 Oh, okay
 I need a squeeze page I need a free copy of my newsletter probably the best one I got and then every time I send emails talking
 I'm a newsletter. That's it. I've asked the business model, right?
 So if I was launching a newsletter business like Ben's settle his is in teaching email copy writing
 Maybe yours is teaching weight loss or keto or it's
 You know photography or I don't know whatever your thing. It's like it's that simple, right?
 And maybe like I don't really want a newsletter
 I don't want to do a print newsletter, but I want to do membership site the same model, right?
 She's Ben's model, but instead of instead of selling a
 Print newsletter sell membership site and send email every single day talking about something and pushing it back to membership site, right?
 Like it's a simple model takes you 15 seconds like when I met Ben the first time asking some questions like so you do this this this
 Within like five minutes. I'm like, okay. I got it. That's a business model. It's so simple. It's super easy, right?
 And then the other thing's kind of cool. This is like what I've been noticing Ben do recently
 So he's been doing his print newsletter now for like a decade, right?
 And each newsletter's got kind of a theme and so what he's been doing
 Which is awesome is he's gone back to last like 10 years of print newsletters is like oh these 10 issues
 I talked about how I deal with haters, right? And so he took he took those 10 issues put him together into a hardbound book
 And he sells a hardbound book like 500 bucks on like my top strategies for people who you know
 And when when you have haters and that becomes a book
 I know except by everyone of them so I bought that one for 300 bucks and he like went back to he was like hey
 here's 10 emails to do
 if
 They have to do with I don't know bad custom support
 He takes these five 10 15 print newsletters published the person they're in one book and sells the book now for 500 bucks, right?
 He knows over and over and over he's just going through the back archives
 Reak putting them all together into a book based on a topic and sells the book
 To the same people like me who read out newsletters love the newsletter and I'm like ah I want the book version because that's really cool, too
 Okay, that's his business model. It's so simple, right?
 You know, I think sometimes we overcomplicate this I know that I do because I get so excited by the business models, right?
 But there's new business that I'm working on with some partners and friends and the first thing I did is we sat down to figure out
 What's the business model, right? It's and it's not you know
 It's just it's not even like this the funnel yet. It's just kind of a almost a step ahead of that
 I'm just like, okay
 What's the model gonna look like?
 It's okay
 We're going to do a summit to get initial exposure, right?
 And then from there we're gonna have the software that's all about lead gen and then from there
 We're gonna have this product and this product right like a X amount dollar a month continuity program
 And then a X amount of months like high ticket thing. That's it. That's a business
 So we know this way you create this is the things pieces and we're doing that we're executing on them
 But that's the business model, right?
 And so for me
 I'm curious like if I was to down with you and say okay, what's your business model?
 Could you tell me what it is like I remember my very first master my meeting ever with when I joined Dan Kennedy
 Bill Glazers Ambassador my group each person had a chance to share their business and I got up my business model simple
 I said okay
 I drive traffic to this free DVD page people hit me 495 to get my free DVD in the mail
 I didn't send them this DVD in the mail and then 21 days later
 We call them on the phone and then we sell them a five fifty five hundred dollar coaching package and if for some reason
 Oh, and then and then between day
 When they buy this the order of the DVD and we call them 21 days later
 I try to get them to initiate an email call some email sequence
 Basically asking them to call me and that was a business model and we did that ten million dollars plus in that business model free DVD
 Two minutes later call them on the phone sell them coaching program fifty five hundred bucks rinse and repeat do it over and over and over and over
 And over again, right that was our model. Okay, it's like to explain it really quickly and people can help me like tweak the intricacies
 They go what if you did this? What if you did this right?
 What if I asked them about the DVD who had an upsell or a down
 So all the things you know where photos kind of came from but we didn't have that initially
 We just free DVD call on the phone some fifty five hundred dollar coaching done. That was a business model, right?
 ClickFunnels is really simple. This is a ClickFun's business model, right?
 Somebody comes and they buy a book free plus shipping we have an upsells and downsells to try to break even our ad cost
 From there it would be then push people into the ClickFunnels auto webinar who try to sell a thousand dollar version of ClickFunnels
 on the thank you page we give them a one dollar trial or excuse me free trial and
 And then our goal is either they buy the six month access for that was bucks
 Or they give a free trial and then they're ClickFunnels
 After the ClickFunnels our goal is to get them from nine seven dollars a month to send up to two nights seven a month
 And we're at two nine seven a month to get them to send up twenty five hundred dollars a month
 That's ClickFunnels business model. That's it. Everything else is just appendages to that, right?
 That is the the model that is the structure and again there are funnels and intricacies inside of it
 But the business really is simple. We're selling software, but we lead with a free book offer
 And then from there we push people to webinar
 It sells the high ticket version software and then you page we sell the trial version of software
 And after we get them in the software then we try to send them up through our value ladder
 Very simple very easy to explain so my question for you
 And what you think this is like what's your business model?
 Could you explain it really simply could you write down on the business net on a napkin?
 Like if I was down at end and start picking your brains like hey, what do you do?
 They tell me this tell me this but then two or three minutes could I get a pretty good idea of what your business model is?
 Okay, number two is if you know either you've got that or you don't if you don't like it's time start thinking through like
 What's my business model right or number one if it's or yeah if you're like yeah, I do I do that
 I do know that and congratulations here your step further than most people the second thing
 I want you to do is start doing this to other people other business owners
 I want you start picking their brains, but not in a way of like you know
 Like picking their brains just to figure out what their business model is and say okay
 So explain your business to me like you buy ads right like what what happens then you buy the ads and where's it go to?
 You think goes to my whatever paid okay
 Then after they do that then what where's it go?
 And then what are you trying to do and how much money does it make you just got to ask these a couple of steps within two or three minutes?
 You'll know really closely exactly what their business model is so this is a fun exercise
 I want you guys to kind of do and have some fun with with that said nor just came in and me and her nor is wrestling a teddy bear on the floor
 It's a huge teddy bear twice the size of her she's wrestling it we're about to go out swimming
 So I'm gonna end this episode of podcast
 And that's your homework time you guys
 Write it down for yourself what's your business model and then go and ask at least one other business owner
 If not more
 What's their business model was it look like and start asking the questions and see how quickly you can get a glimpse of like
 Oh, this is all they're doing. It's actually really simple
 Right there's a lot of things in business, but how to make this simple. I want to send a business model
 Okay, so enjoy that. I appreciate you guys. Thanks so much for listening and I'll talk to you soon
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel way from something some you guys are one funnel way from
 Quitting your job. So you guys are one funnel way and getting more impact
 So you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand this strategy
 Help you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause this audio go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
