 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back the marketing seekers podcast
 Today I want to talk about change
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone, so I am actually right now in Atlanta, Georgia or a suburb nearby
 Hanging out with my co-founder my favorite people on this planet Todd Dickerson
 Who's the genius to build click funnels and right now?
 We are in a secret retreat away from everybody planning the future of click funnels and it's is good is bright is exciting
 But anyway, we're at kind of his lake house and looking over the lake and just hanging out this morning
 We had elections a couple days ago still at the time of recording this still chaos. No one else who's gonna win and
 Am I gonna talk about that because I don't really want to put brainpower into that as a night in control
 So I want to focus on things I can't control which is you know looking at my company
 What can I do how can I make things better and how can I serve at a higher level?
 So that's what we've been focusing on and you know from those questions come really good conversations
 But I will actually had something a text message I got from my buddies, which was really cool
 So the way I met this guy
 He's actually a Jiu Jitsu black belt this year in Boise and I don't know if I told you guys a story before but
 You know, I'm a wrestler. I grew up as a wrestler. I was a good wrestler
 I was a state champ at the second place in the country in high school
 So ranked in top 10 in college
 And you know, I was a good wrestler
 And I remember I was assumed because I was a good wrestler. I could beat almost anyone in a fight, right?
 so then fast forward one day I'm on an airplane flying home and
 One of my old wrestling buddies is on the plane. I'd seen in like 10 years and he's like dude you should come
 Dude Jiu Jitsu, and he's that he's actually a really big Jiu Jitsu fighter now, which is cool
 But he's a you should come to Jiu Jitsu. I'm like I've never done Jiu Jitsu. He's like dude
 It's like wrestling for all the fat guys. I was like sweet. I'm in and I said to determine this Friday
 You should come to it. So I go to this tournament the night before I literally went to
 Wrestling room had access to one of my buddies who I talked him to go to turn it with me
 He watched a couple YouTube videos about how to like
 Wrestle shoot or fight Jiu Jitsu, and he taught he tried to teach me a couple things
 Next day we showed up and we were now Jiu Jitsu fighters, right?
 Show up this tournament and I go out there and I put my little gion, you know
 And I don't know what I'm doing and I all I know they taught me is like
 Hey, just taking out like wrestling and if you put your knee on their belly you get four points
 I was like four points. That's so easy
 So I'd go out there and I boom double-aid the guy slam him on the ground put my knee on his belly and get four points
 I'm like this is amazing and I let him go do it again, and I do it three or four times
 I'm just destroying this guy
 And also he reaches up to my ghee grabs my little collar and he crosses across my neck
 And I don't know what's happening all I know is that
 The blood of my brain starts starts or stops going to my brain and this dark circle from the outside
 famous urban choke guy you seems for like it's like the circle from the outside starts coming in and it's getting small like the world around
 You can smaller smaller till like awesome. It's like this dark
 Circles like collapsing collapsing and like everything's about to go out and then I looked up and I see my coach my buddy like like
 Like tapping his hand like tap you idiot and I'm like oh so I tap my hand
 The guy let's go my thing and blood comes back my brain though, you know the little circle expands again
 I can see the world has like whoa that was horrible
 Right so go my next match
 Same thing happens take it out and boom knee on my belly
 I'm belly four points take him down boom knee on belly take him down whoo reaches up
 Graz my thing into my jokes me out I'm like this war sucks
 I can keep this right and then um
 And then after that then it's headed to two matches in no ghee
 And then I went or to ghee and then it too matches no ghee
 Which is like basically shorts a t-shirt right so I did that and I did a little bit better because there's no
 Color people have choked me out on same thing that come on beating the guys beating the guys and then
 Flows in our jiu-jitsu twice. I took the guy down got overextended. I didn't know about posture
 So I broke posture guy puts me trying to lock chokes me out twice
 So I got choked out four times in one week in one day
 You know from for never have doing jiu-jitsu and I still remember like like all the people that I wrestled that I did jiu-jitsu with
 I like they were all so weak. They were saw their own white belts like they're like
 Like they're so easy to pick up and slam down and like all stuff
 But they just had the ability to reach up and choke me out because I didn't know what I was doing right?
 And I remember that day being like actually there's this this trainer came over to me or when the coaches came over
 He's like he's like are you rustler? I'm like yeah, can you tell he's like he's like oh?
 He's like trying to lock your kryptonite for wrestlers. You guys all break posture. I'm like, okay
 So I get on that I'm like all right. I gotta learn jiu-jitsu because I assume that you know anyone
 You know not everybody but the most part if I met someone on the street
 I could just beat them all up right and also I realized that like these little wussy white belts were choking me out like I like
 You know I was like I don't know what I don't know and I I do not like this feeling
 So I have to learn how to not get choked out. So I did what Russell Brunson does and I did not go to a class
 I found out who's the best person Boise called them up
 So I can't do privates with you and then twice a week the next few years
 I went into privates private lessons with this guy and
 Went and going to three or four more tournaments after I learned how to knock it choked out. It got really easy to beat everybody
 basically white belt level blue belt level and it was really fun different to years and then I just kind of
 You know click funnels became click funnels in my my free time strong
 So I haven't done it in a while, but really enjoyed it. So the guy who's my who was my trainer? He's awesome and
 After doing jiu-jitsu stuff for a while. He ended up getting some of the job
 I don't know what it was, but I had a sense like when I talked to him every once while that he didn't love it
 But he was doing it and whatever right since last week. I see him posting on Facebook. He's opening a new
 Restaurant and this new like I'm not sure exactly is I'm gonna go when I get back from Atlanta
 But it's like a juice juice place or something and it's all healthy stuff and he's a vegetarian
 I know so it's like it's all he's anyway, I'm pumped. I'm excited to go check it out, right and
 I text him like dude juice open a restaurant and he texted me back. He said yeah, man
 He's like I didn't like where I was at and since I'm not a tree I left
 And I was like at first I started laughing and I started thinking how profound that was and how most people do not look at that way
 Okay, so we said he said yeah, I didn't like where I was at I didn't like his existing circumstances. He's like I'm not a tree
 So I'm not rude didn't I'm stuck and so I got up and I left
 right and I started thinking about me and you and all of us and it's like how many times are we not happy in our
 Circumstances and instead we think we're a tree and we're like whoa
 Is right? This is the hand I was dealt. This is the whatever right? This is the this is where I am right now and
 And we're frustrated right but
 But like that's that's kind of what we do and I think the the
 The lesson here for all of us is to say we're not a tree
 So if you're not happy get up and leave you're happy with your job get up and leave you're not good your business get up and leave
 You're not happy with your customers like change it right?
 I
 Know we know this thing. It's funny because I remember
 Man very first time if you read the doc on secrets book. I talk I tell this story of very being the doc on secrets book where I
 Woke up one day and I was like realize that I hated my I hated my business
 Yeah, I hated customers. I was serving and I was like I wish I had a boss
 They would fire me and about that time and I remember seeing a video
 It was it was like New Year's time and Tony Robinson's wife Sage put out the video
 Believe they were with you to the time and you know, it's New Year's and obviously we can all change anytime we want but
 You know for some reason we give ourselves permission during you know during New Year to change
 It's like, you know
 I want to give you guys permission if you're not happy in a relationship then change if you're happy in
 Business then change happy in name fiber six happy with your weight change happy with your whatever change
 And I remember thinking I was like oh my gosh. I could just change and it was a thing like you know
 And I don't know we get our heads so much like this is the reality
 This is what we have to be doing. It's like no, you don't actually have to like you could just change
 You know and like my friend Jason said like I'm not a tree
 So I got up on my left, right?
 If you're if you're not a tree you have the ability to change you can get up and you can change your circumstances
 And so right now just in the season of I know the last
 What ten months of 2020 has been hard for everybody the elections have been hard for everybody
 Always things have been hard for everybody. I think that
 The biggest thing I would say is like right now is for looking at yourself personally looking at your family
 Look at the people you have stewardship over and saying look if I don't like this I can change and then give yourself the bill
 You do it just like my buddy Jason like I wasn't happy and I'm not a tree
 So I got up on my left like that's it you guys do the same thing as well change is possible
 You just got to be willing to do it. So remember that you guys you're not a tree you're not on roots going 20 feet down
 You can get up and you can leave
 And so that's what you should do. But that said I appreciate you guys all thanks much for listening enjoyed
 Except so please take a screenshot on your phones wherever you're listening and tag me post on Facebook or Instagram and
 Attacking you and I love seeing those. I love seeing you big takeaways your haas. I appreciate it
 Thanks guys so much for listening and I'll talk to you soon
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a
 Message okay now the phone over you text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that
 Through this texting communities where I'm gonna be giving out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code
 208-231-3797 one more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
