 Hey everybody this Russell welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I got a really cool
 Hack for your language. It's gonna change your entire life
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so this one is this one simple
 Okay, this is probably four years of five years ago back back in the very beginning of my podcast in days back before marketing
 Secrets back it was the marketing your car podcast for my OG's you guys remember that
 I shared something that I was doing with my kids. It was really fun
 And I talked about how like when you meet most people and you go girls she store something like hey
 How's it going like good or like you see someone at the airport? How's going good?
 You talk to family. How are you doing today? Good?
 I give them a good good and good boring good is the enemy to great, right?
 And so I started teaching my kids I was like hey instead of when someone asked like how you're doing instead of saying good
 Say I'm awesome. I think just try that so my kids started doing it. I started doing it
 I remember I'd be the airport
 I get six in the morning in the cashier when you're buying your gum and your waters like how you doing today because they have to ask
 I'm like doing awesome. They're like oh, I wasn't expecting that and it just shifts the person
 You're talking to every single time and we're just like so simple so dumb
 But for the last like four or five years, and I'm not perfect at this
 But I always try when someone asked me I'm doing I never say good all right and said I say I'm doing awesome
 And it just kind of catches my you know
 I'm not doing good. I'm like oh I'm doing awesome
 And then they're like oh and it makes them it shifts them and it shifts you so that's like that's a little language hack
 Right, so little things like that. I'm always looking for that are super dumb and super easy
 And I found one the other day someone posted on Instagram. I'm not sure who it was. I think it was Lisa Bill you
 But I'm not positive so I'm gonna give her credit, but it may not have been
 But
 Which what she said I think or whoever it was I think it's her but the person who said it said this next time instead of saying I'm sorry
 Shift it to thank you and I was like what and then she gave me the example said for example
 Let's say you're you're running late and you're not the car so saying oh, I'm so sorry. I'm late instead say
 Hey, thank you so much for for waiting for me
 Little shift now. I want to show you how huge this actually is okay. We say oh, I'm so sorry
 I'm so sorry. What does that do to you?
 It brings guilt upon you then the person feels badly. Oh don't feel guilty
 No, it's really fine
 Like it shifts this whole conversation where everything's based on guilt and remorse and like feeling bad about something and just ruins
 The whole thing where you shift it to say oh my gosh. Thank you so much for waiting for me
 So then the person's like oh you're welcome and that per you just gave gratitude to that person that person received gratitude
 Like oh no worries like it's totally cool and all of a sudden like it shifts the entire dynamic the feeling the energy
 Everything shifts after that now. This has been a fun one for me because my amazing wife who I love so much she
 She definitely guilt drives her a lot of times
 And so she says I'm sorry to everything over and over and over again
 And so I've been playing this with her just to see what happens and so like
 I'm she had to leave for a couple days and I had run with kids and everything and it was crazy hectic and stressful and hard and
 But as like her husband and as the man like I'm like owning it right I'm doing it. I'm doing all the things
 I'm doing the hard work and it's like I'm feeling really really good about it and she called me
 She's like oh, I'm so sorry that you're doing all this and I'm like don't feel sorry like
 I thought I want you to feel sorry for me like I'm freaking stepping up
 I'm your man like I want you to be like I want you to be thankful for this and so I told her so I say
 He said saying sorry to thank you like that that makes me feel better about I want to fight feeling
 Oh man like I'm just draining like she feels sorry and I'm now there's guilt
 She feels guilty then I feel guilty. She's a little guilty like it just ruins the whole experience versus her saying
 Thank you and so for last like week and half two weeks. She's been doing this instead of every time
 She's like slips and catches up like oh, I'm so sorry like oh, thank you so much for doing that for me
 Oh, thank you taking care of the kids. Thank you for stepping up. Thank you for staying late
 Thank you for coming home early. Thank you for and shifting it from a I'm sorry
 To I'm thank you and I cannot tell you the shift in my energy and her energy and like the experience together
 It is it's night day. It's it's for me as the receiver of that it has been amazing
 So I want you to hack with you because I promise you for some of you guys this will change your life
 This will change your relationships. Don't say I'm sorry anymore. Unless you like unless you were
 You something stupid go say sorry like you should be apologizing
 But for every situations like you're late you're on time
 So I'm just doing something a favor for you whatever shift it from I'm sorry to thank you and that little penny shift as little
 As seems it changes the energy of the moment changes the person's attitude changes your attitude makes them feel gratitude makes you feel gratitude
 makes them feel gratitude and
 Everything good will come from that and so anyway
 I want to share with you guys today because it's exciting for me and hopefully it'll be an exciting tool for you as well
 So that said you got two tools now number one how you doing today do an awesome number two
 Oh, thank you so much for waiting for me. I appreciate that those two little shifts will change everything
 All right, have fun with them try them out. Let me know how it goes. I appreciate you all
 Thank you guys for listening. Do you know sir? I said thank you really advice that I'm so sorry wasting your time today
 I'm so sorry that you had to take five, you know four minutes to listen to this today. It would have been different right?
 So thank you. Thank you for listening. I appreciate you taking the time today
 Hopefully I gave you value you guys give me value by listening
 And I'm grateful for that. Anyway, that's that appreciate you guys. Hope you enjoyed this episode and we'll talk to you guys all soon. Bye
 Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay, now the phone over in your text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
