 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast you just pump for today
 I hope you are I am I came in the office today and I looked around my environment
 And I was like these are the same walls the same
 everything I've been looking at now for a long time and I want to make a change and so
 That's what happened today. I'm gonna tell you why and what it looks like now
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so
 I'm not gonna lie today came in and I was just frustrated at a lot of things
 I was like, you know what I need I need a new view of the world
 And so I literally came in and I started ripping things off my desk moving monitors shifting things around move my computers
 My desk like just getting a whole new perspective on the world
 I'm about halfway through it now that my whole office is a nightmare
 It was really clean a few minutes ago, but now it's a nightmare
 But I want to share this to be because I remember I had
 One of my first mentors Matt Fury when I was getting into this game
 I started studying so on their marketing and then you know lo and behold he was sneaky and started
 Slipping in all this personal development stuff, which was so good for me
 But I remember I'm probably gonna make say this wrong
 This is back on an old CD that I bought from him way back in the day
 So this is like I couldn't even refine this if I wanted to but the principal I remember in my head
 He talked about just the power and he's I believe he married some of his Chinese and so he studies tons of deep Chinese
 Philosophies and principles and things like that and I remember talking about like you know any room
 There's an energy right there's energy in the room
 It's like if you want to change the energy change the room right like if if you're not filling the vibe
 You want or think you know the energy you need to be able to produce or to work or to think or whatever
 It's like literally just change your desk like move up move a plan
 I'm physically changes the energy through like move up picture move your monitor move your desk like just shift things up
 I just change things and it'll change the energy of the room and how you produce and how you do everything
 I think that you know my
 The layout of my office has been good. It's been through a lot of wars
 I think that I even beat up a lot recently and it's just like you know what?
 I need to change. I look at everything from different perspective and different ideas and so
 That's what I'm what I'm doing and so I literally
 Like all these things I was so proud of I remember like four or five years ago
 I moved this office like these big huge monitors and this you're just all the stuff
 It's just being shredded apart and removing everything changing everything to change my environment so I can work better
 So what you think about for yourself right now?
 Okay, I think about and this could be any part of your life could be your personal life your business your like whatever right and
 In fact, it's interesting. There's a there's a book by Ben Hardy called willpower doesn't work and
 Sorry, this is a
 Squirrel tangent, but it's important. So he in the willpower doesn't work. You talked about how like
 You know look at how people change things in life. They try to change you know quit smoking
 Start making one money all these things right and they have tried willpower if I just do these things for
 Thirty days will kind of happen or whatever they're trying to like force things through willpower
 And I remember the premise of the book doesn't matter is the basically it didn't matter how much willpower you had
 You always would relapse back. It's the only thing that caused sustainable change in
 In people over time was can you guess?
 a change of environment you change the environment which then makes the habits all easy, right and
 And that was the the secret right like literally moving physically shifting your body or your environment like changing things around you
 And so I mean that could be used at a big scale where you're like
 You know like I'm gonna move to a different city like that could totally that's gonna change things right if you're around bad
 Group people and it's easy to fall in your bad habits
 You literally physically move to some other state or different place that could cause the the shift the energy that you need to make
 The change right or if you're you know like me sitting in office where you just like need something like
 Physically shifting things will change the environment
 It's now makes it easier to have willpower and you know have the things you need to be able to be successful. So
 again, so I
 Coming back to what I was talking about for us for you start thinking about like in your personal life and your business and your
 Work environment and your family and your house and you're right wherever like if things are stuck or stagnant
 Can you just like radically shift things around?
 What would happen if you did like what would it look like? What would you change?
 What would you move and what would be the outcome you're hoping for right?
 I'm hoping for me just to have more energy. I've tried for the last like four days
 You get this project down. I keep coming in nice can't get down
 I'm like I think it's because I'm just stuck in this rut of
 You know that I then just not happy like I need to shift everything. So let me shift everything and now
 Well, I'll find out on the later on today
 If I'm able to like be in a state where I can get worked on the energy's different the feelings different now
 I can start running and so that's kind of my my game plan
 So I want to show you guys right now as I'm in the middle is cleaning
 I'm not gonna lie. I want to stop for me because I've been cleaning for like moving these for like an hour and a half
 And I was like I need something to to break the energy. So I'm gonna do the podcast on this but
 I want to give you guys permission to make that change right in your home
 Office or you'll see your home bedroom like move your bed to the other wall or in your office like move the desk to a different wall and
 Get a new computer like throw your own away like rip the wallpaper off the wall
 I get a family picture and move it whatever it takes I try that and feel the energy of the room chain and
 See how it affects you keep doing it until you feel like you're in a spot in the state
 We're like okay. I can get stuff done. I'm actually having success now
 All right, this is a short one, but I think you guys got the gist. I appreciate you all. Thanks for listening and I'll talk to you
 Bye, everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call it the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand this strategy
 Hope you have some tactics hope you understand all the things you need to be successful to your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
