 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 I'm in a good mood today. I'm in a really good mood today. I hope you are as well
 We relaunched my inner circle. We open a new level called the category Kings
 We had a chance to meet them yesterday and actually I'm driving to downtown Boise because I wouldn't be hanging out
 That group again for the next two days and then my inner circle for next two years after that
 And so this is like a week of hanging out with my favorite people in the world and so I'm excited
 I've got some long car rides back and forth
 This week so you probably get some episodes me talking about what we're talking about what's happening
 And I'm doing this for a couple of reasons number one is I want you to learn from some lessons and the key takeaways that I'm getting from these events
 and number two hopefully it will inspire you to want to
 Set as a goal someday to be in my inner circle and eventually to send up the category Kings and
 Things like that. So there you go with that set of my cue the theme song we come back
 I'm gonna share with you guys some of the cool haas I had from our meeting yesterday
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way?
 But let's us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain
 profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so
 Yeah, I'm driving down to have a oyster now about to go hanging out with my category Kings
 Which is a small group mastermind I have?
 With some of the category Kings here inside of the ClickFunnels universe, which is fun
 When I decided to me as no, I've had a red and my inner circle master my program for
 Seven or eight years and then two years ago
 About six months before the COVID lockdowns. I decided I needed a break
 And so I pause in your circle. I shut it down whatever you want to call it and decided to take it to your hiatus
 Actually, I know how long it's gonna be at the time. So exciting hiatus and maybe it was gonna be forever
 Over the last two years. I missed it. You know for me. There's different ways to learn like you can learn from a book
 You can learn from a course you can learn from a seminar
 You know and for me, I've done all the things I'm a voracious reader I go through everybody's courses
 I love going to seminars
 But eventually for me gets harder and harder to like mine the gold out right because you
 You just are more aware of things and I've been doing this game now for almost 20 years
 And so I've been to four seven hours and most of you has probably even existed in our industry
 and
 You know and so for me gets harder and harder to find like that gold nugget
 And I was in that never my very first master mind group
 I ever joined was Dan Kennedy book lasers which for me has heard we recently acquired their company
 Which is like such a cool thing?
 But like in those groups it was interesting because it wasn't like I was learning like here
 It wasn't like here's course curriculum
 It was like a master mind group we get together
 We all get to share and talk and ideas and and like that's where I started getting these nuggets of things
 They were just like oh wow I can apply that all I can apply that like it was a different type of learning
 I never experienced before but I but I fell in love with it
 And I was in Bill's master mind group for six years and then when he retired and sold his company
 I
 Wanted to go see if I could find another master mind group to join and I ended up joining
 All of them like all the ones I could find in in my world and you know similar markets
 I would join them all and I never got the same experience. I didn't know why
 And that was about the time I decided to launch my inner circle and I think the reason why most of masterminds
 I tried to join was like you join them and they were a whole bunch of like internet marketers in the group and so like everyone
 I don't know. It's just it never
 Never felt awesome
 But what was cool about the inner circle I launched it because we had click funnels
 We didn't just have like internet marketers who were using the platform with people in every market you can dream up, right?
 We have a hundred and some thousand active members now and again
 There's people that are chiropractors dentists doctors
 People in the like hearing cancer wellness health field
 People marriage family counseling
 relationships dating like every market you can dream of using click funnels and so when we opened the inner circle
 It was crazy because it wasn't just like a whole bunch of internet marketers joined
 to talk about internet marketing stuff. It was like the best people in each industry joined it and
 It was so cool because now
 In this match when I was learning like what's working right now in the relationship market
 What's working over here in supplement markets working here because we had such a such a wide variety of people and man for me
 It lit up and if you've read
 Specifically the experts secrets book the experts secrets book was written in the middle of when the inner circle was at its peak when
 people like Brandon and Kaylyn Paul and Alex or Mosey and and
 I could bless all the most the names you has known in the click funnels community today
 We're in the inner circle during that during that time and it was fun because I was writing that book
 I was like test ideas and then I would test it on my business had some success
 I'd share it with the you know the entire inner circle and within hours. It was being tested in you know 40 different industries
 And we got feedback in course correction it tweaks back and forth and back and forth and really the expert secrets book was born from that
 Testing process inside the inner circle. It was so cool. Anyway, I digress so
 For me after two years of having a close down I reopened it specifically because I missed learning like I've been in a weird spot where
 We've been growing we've been acquiring companies are doing things, but I don't think I've been personally growing and you know growth is a big value for me
 That's why I have so many books that I study so much is I'm looking for ways to grow all the time and so I reopened it with
 With the excitement to start regrowing again with with a small group of really cool people
 So the category Kings have 15 people in it each has spent a hundred fifty thousand dollars a year to be part of it
 And then the inner circle is
 $50,000 a year and there's a hundred people in that one and so those are the two groups
 The category Kings one was funny. I thought that was gonna I was like there's no way people are gonna spend that much money that one sold out in two days
 And inner circle now we we ended up
 From from my key live we only presented it to people who wanted to comic club
 We did a special luncheon and from that I think we had 60 or 70 people joined during the luncheon and so
 Anyway, so there's some context what it is why it is why it is exciting why I'm so passionate about it. So with the category Kings
 You know to kick off kind of this new group
 Some of you guys have read the book play bigger which teaches you how to become a category king
 And I thought how cool and it's funny because half of our the category king group are actually women so
 As a yesterday, I'm calling the category king and queens because there's as many queens in the group as there are kings
 But anyway, I digress
 It's I thought it'd be really cool to have one of the authors the book come and actually
 present and so
 Dave Peterson came in he presented it on how to how to like design your category and it was interesting because I read the book
 Multiple times I've referred it to you know, I think he told me I was probably the top refer of his book because I told everybody about it
 and so it was interesting because as we
 as we were
 Preparing for this I had it in my head what he was going to do, right?
 We can use principles in the book. We're gonna map it out
 We're gonna category design like I thought I really thought that was direction. We're gonna go
 It was interesting to tell me is like, you know, everything I've learned about category design for the most part happened after wrote the book
 You know, we wrote the book basically as principles and he's like we were coaching it for the last decade now
 And he's actually now doing it in a company again
 And he's like he's like, you know, most of us about categories that have learned since the book
 And so there's a lot of things that are different and so
 Anyway, we had a four-hour workshop with him and what was fascinating to me
 Was we didn't cover most of the things in the book?
 In fact, the first hour was all spent on something that seems so simple. I'm almost like nervous to tell you guys this kid
 You're like, oh, it's a simple Russell
 but me and
 15 other people in this room of cat like arguably category Kings in their industries
 none of us were able to really answer it and
 That's not what I'm sure the yesterday so
 the
 The question and it's interesting because I like like the way that I the lens that I view the world that typically for me is like
 Okay, I'm gonna go find it. Who's my dream customer and then I'm gonna create an offer for them, right?
 That's like for me like ground zero. That's where I begin
 This process, right?
 And then if you've read extra secrets, you know, it's like hey, we make an improvement offer or a new opportunity
 We're creating an opportunity and like there's this whole
 There's this whole thing around like down that that rabbit hole, right?
 And that's where I begin. That's what I start running with
 I always knew that like we're creating offers and creating products and services and things like that right our goal is to solve a problem
 But what was interesting is that Dave asked us
 He's like what is the problem you solve?
 They showed a bunch of like the big companies you're aware of right like like the billion dollar brands and most of them had like a really
 Simple less than ten words statement on the problem that they solve for the market
 Like the like for example the wetsuit guy
 I don't know who it was but like his his promise I solve is I want to swim in cold water longer
 Boom, that was it. I want to swim in cold water longer a words, right?
 And like what does what's it like? Oh, it helps people swim in cold water longer
 Well, it's a problem you try to solve boom. This was a solution and billion dollar brand, right?
 And like every company had something like that, right?
 And then he it was interesting he said that he would go to
 He would go to
 Or he was talking about some of his friends that had big companies and he said that he started doing this exercise with them
 Or you get in the car with them and they're like, hey, I was going house business like real quick
 Like what do you think the the problem is that you guys as a company solve the guy?
 I guess friend would tell me answer and he'd write it down and then like, you know next time I hung out three or four days later
 He'd be talking like we're looking what was the question like what is the main problem you solve again?
 And the guy'd be like, oh, he told me again
 And then you do it again
 He did it five or six times over the next new month and a half or so and eventually the guy came back said
 You know the seventh or eight time he asked him
 He's like dude you got quit asking me this like you keep asking that he told you the problem we solve and then Dave came back said
 Actually, what's the interesting is I've been writing them down
 He's like every single time I ask that question you've given me a different answer
 And the guy's like oh my gosh, and he started looking at him and like he was like
 Disagreeing with himself, you know, not knowing you but if you look at like so I saw this problem
 I saw this problem
 I saw this problem I kept changing around and he said a lot of times
 I'll do consulting with people in the category design and he'll ask everybody in the executive team like what is the problem you solve and everybody's
 Answer is different and it'll ask employees and everyone's answer is different and he's like this is the foundation like business is all about solving
 A core problem for an industry. What is the core problem?
 It was interesting he said that he said if you figure out the problem
 Directly said the category would take care of itself like you don't have to go and like figure out the category design all kind of stuff
 He's like he's like it's all realized on this one thing is what is the problem you solve?
 And it was interesting because as he said that you know instant like oh sweet
 I know I can answer this and then I was like wait a minute
 I could answer this seven years ago and click phones first came out
 Like what was the problem?
 We were solving seven years ago. It was an entrepreneur's couldn't code and so we had to make this easy
 Drag and drop builder. Oh, so this is a solution. This problem is the problem is that entrepreneurs aren't coders
 Like that's the problem, right?
 And so we built click funnels because I'm like me who's an entrepreneur who needs funnels
 I can't code right and so it was like this simple thing and so that was the problem we solved
 Now fast forward seven years later
 That's not the market problem anymore, right?
 There's a million ways that entrepreneurs can code something right like there's a million wickses and
 Wizzy wig editors and WordPress and Shopify and Etsy and Amazon like there's a million ways to do it
 So that's no longer the core problem. Oh, that's the problem that we solved initially
 And so it got me thinking like what does the promise of today like the problems change in the market and an industry over time
 back to ask them
 I was like does the core problems say the same forever?
 He's like no no, he's like he's like there's a core problem
 You've got to figure out and identify that because that'll define the category and everything else
 But he's like markets shift markets change and he showed this graph of
 like the CRM
 Industry over the last 50 years or 60 years, you know initially it was like it was business cards
 And then it was like some dude figure out you could take a business card and type it into you know
 Like a data processor now you had a digital business car and then the next wave was like
 You know, sorry, we can come back to prom so first problems like I needed contact right so business cards became the thing
 That was the problem and then next thing is I have like business cards
 I don't know how to like manage or track them
 It's just someone like made a program you could like type it in it's like oh I have a digital version
 I can like look at it and if my book of business cards burns up, I don't lose my business right so the
 Problem solution and then a little while later is like okay
 This is tough. I hate typing in these things
 It's the next wave of that industry was like card scanners
 We take a business card you scan it and boom it's in your computer now
 You've got it there and like that's all the next set of problems in the industry
 And then later was like you know
 I don't want a business card
 I want a business card
 But if you'll take notes on if I talk to somebody and things like that
 And it was like the first version of a CRM and he showed
 Was a sea bolt and showed the how they became the category Kings and they dominated and then but then eventually was like well first
 You know sea bolt was really hard to install and all those kind of things and that's when Mark Benioff came out with sales force
 Which was which was not software?
 It was hard and confusing and you had have people come install and set up
 It was just web based software
 And he was the very first to do SAS based software right and so like that became the next thing and he's kept showing them
 by the the industry shifting because the problem shifts over time and
 It was interesting because like in your market if you're not shifting your your problem over time
 Like they someone else is gonna solve a problem. That's when you lose the category. That's what that's when the person passes you
 Which is so fascinating and so the question came down like what does the problem you solve?
 And so that's the that's the thing I want to identify for you guys and and the problem that entrepreneurs have like
 Oh, we solve a ton of problems. We do this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this and this
 And that is the wrong answer. You don't solve a whole bunch of problems
 You got to solve one problem for the category and by doing that by creating that by understanding and identifying and framing that problem
 from there
 The categories built and then you know we had deeper and talked about POV statements and things like it got deeper from there
 But like that was the core foundation that again
 I would have if I was teaching by step one find a problem step two
 What is the the offer and then they you know and I'd go directly into that but it's like no
 Like we have to step back to the foundation, which is really what is the problem that you're solving for the for the industry
 When you figure that out the category will will take care of itself, which is so fascinating
 And again, he said try to keep your category like or try to keep your problem statement under ten words
 And that's hard to do I spent I spent you know
 45 minutes here and talk about 15 years of work shopping and I spent the next four hours
 Like noodling on like try to figure this out like what the world like especially as I know some of you guys know
 We're launching click phones 2.0 students like with this whole new launch this new thing like what is the problem?
 We're trying to solve how to identify how to structure how do I make it so simple?
 that it keeps us as the category king so
 Anyway, I hope that's helpful. It was you know, obviously there's a lot of stuff yesterday
 That was really really cool, but that was the one that was like the biggest insight
 It was funny because we came back from the first workshop
 I raised my initiative like all right
 I don't know if it's just me, but that was really really hard and like I looked around in everybody else
 Every other category king, you know and queen in their in the room look back said oh, thank heavens like we're so grateful
 It's hard to your us love really hard for us and we thought we were the only ones I'm like no
 I'm gonna be vulnerable here too
 That was really hard and then it was fun because it opens dialogue with us all trying to figure it out and work with each other and
 Annie Grace a lot of you guys know her she spoke fun
 I can live two years ago she actually wrote up wrote out like mine and my POV statement all these things for me
 I think this is what yours is and like anyway, it was it was it was magical
 so anyway, that was the first half day of category kings and queens and so I'm heading into
 into
 The the event room now I'm getting close actually and I'm excited because I was up till two o'clock last night working on my presentation
 because I'm gonna you know a
 Based off of what we learned yesterday with the problem
 I'm gonna take that as the foundation point and then show everybody over the last seven years how quick funnels is built to the place
 It is you know, we've got over half a billion dollars in sales well over that now
 you know, we built the category we don't sing is I'm gonna kind of show the next phases for me and
 To the group I'll probably spend two or three hours to go and deep into that which I'm so excited for
 And this is like Russell Raw like you guys see me fun. I can live I'm Russell Polish where I'm you know
 I've got slides. I've got things about you know Russell raw you get me in a black marker and that's about it
 And so I'm excited for these guys there they're gonna for those who haven't been with Russell raw
 This will be my my first hardcore doodle session with them going through
 the principles of how we build click funnels into the category king it is
 Things have learned a way the pros the cons ups and downs
 and
 Yeah, so if I don't get to talk about typically so that's the cool thing about these groups like if you look at our
 Coaching programs we have all the the base level stuff
 And then if you come in, you know one funnel way and courses and all that kind of stuff
 When you decide to send up and get into coaching with us the first is our two-gomble club X coaching program
 That's the goal of that is to get somebody from where they are today to two-gomble club, right?
 After you get down to two-comble club and you've made a million dollars inside of a funnel
 That's when you get invited into the inner circle
 And then from there into into category Kings, right?
 But it's interesting because the reason why we break it up like that
 We just always have it all together and everyone be dumped in one coaching program
 And it was tough because or you know one mastermind group
 But it was tough because there's different conversations happen different levels, right?
 Like the conversations I'm having people that spend a hundred fifty thousand dollars to be in a group
 They have to make a minimum of five million dollars a year and had had to sold over ten million dollars
 You know, they have had to have one or two comic club X award
 The conversations that have never been different than the conversations that have in the room of people who are who just passed a million dollar mark
 And they're different than the conversations that have somebody who is in the startup mode trying to get to
 Into two-comble club, right?
 So it's just fun because again
 These are things I don't get to talk about or share or ever and so, you know
 The place that just happens is here inside of category Kings. So for any guys who are looking this thing
 Okay, this is the path
 I'm gonna hit two-comble club X and then from there inner circle then category Kings
 Just know we do record these things and there's a private members there
 So when you get a category King someday come in here and watch
 Dave Peterson's talk on category Kings and watch my presentations from the next day, you know a chance to kind of see
 You know where I went from there. So
 With that said, thanks for listening. This is a long wrap so because I got a long ride. Hopefully I enjoyed it
 I miss students to fight this I'm gonna try to we have some fun updates the podcast coming that
 Doing a few things more long form and have someone come and interview me on some topics because I think those make fun episodes
 And yeah, it's gonna be anyway
 Maybe spend more time with you guys here is my plan and my goal. So without saying so much for everything and we'll talk to you guys all against him
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay. Now the phone over your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this text and communities
 I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
