 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey, hey, what's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to what we call this, Quarantine Traffic TV.
 We should be talking about viral traffic, how viruses grow.
 Actually, we do, we actually argue to be talking about viral growth, viral traffic
 towards the end of the Traffic Seabrook book.
 We get to growth hacking, there's a bunch of really cool things.
 But we will save that for another day, checking right everybody.
 I hope you guys are doing great.
 I know it's crazy times, a lot of things are happening, but a lot of good things are happening
 in the world right now too and just grateful for just so many amazing people who are publishing.
 I went live yesterday to our two comical collective group and I told them where I said, "Look,
 now is the time for you to all be publishing.
 Like your people need you, they need faith, they need hope in a better world, they need
 things that are happening and it's time to start publishing."
 And we're going to get deeper into that in the next couple of episodes here.
 As we're talking about traffic secrets about publishing and finding your voice and things
 like that, but now is the time your people need you more than ever and so it's important
 for you to go out there and start sharing.
 Even though it's scary, even though all the stuff, it's time to be a light for the people
 that follow you.
 So, today we're getting back into traffic secrets.
 I hope you guys have been enjoying this so far.
 You guys enjoyed this?
 Go online every day.
 It's been fun for me to kind of start and kick off the day and hopefully it's been good
 for you guys as well to kind of give you something to think about and talk about and brainstorm
 on throughout the day.
 One of the mantras I've had in my business for the last probably 10 years or so is this
 concept of how do you give yourself a raise every single day?
 So, every day I wake up in the morning and I'm like, "How do I get myself a raise today?"
 Because thinking about it in the real world, the only way to give yourself a raise is to
 go back to school where if you're a doctor and you want to give yourself a raise, you
 have to go back to four or more years of medical school or post-gradage of a school or things
 like that.
 But there's an entrepreneur that's kind of fun because I can come in every scene in my
 office and say, "Okay, if I can increase the conversions on my page, that gives me a
 raise today."
 And then the more traffic coming into my funnels, that's giving me a raise today.
 So, there's always little things we can do to give ourselves a raise every single day.
 And so hopefully this hanging out with you guys, talking about traffic and going through
 the traffic secrets book is giving you guys ideas.
 As you come every day to listen for a tip, a hit, an idea, something that you can grab,
 that'll be the thing that'll give you a raise today.
 And the more you guys do that, the better.
 So, it's kind of fun.
 Anyway, we're in the middle of the traffic secrets book launch where I think we're halfway
 through the official launch.
 I've just been going amazingly well.
 The funnels come very well.
 The books are selling like crazy.
 And I want to thank you guys all for participating, even though times are crazy.
 I think this is the time for all of us to start sharpening our saws.
 You look at the best companies in the world we're all built during these times of economic
 uncertainty.
 So, your business, your following, your brand is the time start going to now.
 So, all right.
 So, here we go.
 You guys are on jumping traffic secrets again.
 So, I've been going through a chapter by chapter every day.
 Some days we've covered half a chapter.
 I'm going to be moving into the next, the next stuff.
 So, if you don't have your copy yet, we're in pre-order right now.
 You can go get traffic secrets.com to go get your copy.
 They're there.
 It's a free plus shipping.
 So, it costs you $9.95 US, $9.95 international.
 We start shipping these on May 5th.
 So, you may have to wait a little bit to get them.
 But the audio book, which I recorded seven hours and we're reading this entire book,
 is available right now.
 And every single day we're going live and I'm going through the book.
 So, while you're waiting for the book to come, I'll just, if I'm sharing with you guys,
 I'm going to start giving the wheels, thin your head spinning and get the ideas coming
 for it.
 And if you haven't got your go to traffic secrets.com and get your book, and I recommend getting
 the audio book because you can listen to the whole thing tonight.
 It took me three days to record, but seven hours of audio.
 So, you can listen to it all the way to the end by time to this time tomorrow.
 Have the book done and in your head and understanding it all perfectly well.
 So, all right.
 And then on top of that, there's like five, I think it's five bonus videos you get when
 you get traffic secrets booked that buy each of those buy themselves.
 We can sell for a couple hundred bucks.
 You get them all for free when you go to traffic secrets.com and get your free book.
 So, I think I said free eight forty times so far.
 So, it's time.
 Anyway, all right.
 Everyone's asking what's unlock secrets.
 Oh, well there's .com secrets, which is book number one in the series.
 Expert secrets, book number two.
 Trapped secrets, book number three.
 Unlock secrets is a workbook that goes with all of them.
 It can help mush them all together and mushify them.
 But right now we're talking about the traffic secrets book.
 Ken, should we dive in?
 So, let's talk about this recap.
 What we talked about so far, Ken.
 In the introduction, we talked about the fact there's a storm coming and then it's crazy
 that we're in the middle of literally, well boys, we're actually having a storm outside.
 But we're in the middle of this economic storm and it's scary times right now.
 And I literally, it's kind of, I don't know, kind of creepy.
 I wrote this probably 18 months ago.
 But the introduction starts with there's a storm coming and it's talking about the
 regional wrote book is because there's a storm coming and it's businesses are going
 to be struggling and like the lifeblood of every business is what traffic.
 Lifeblood is customers.
 And so, right now in these crazy economic times, the life preserver you have for your
 business is literally traffic.
 It's the customers coming around you that is building up customers that will be there
 for a lifetime.
 So, anyway, so the introduction talked about the fact there's a storm coming.
 How to prepare for it.
 Then section number one was all about your dream customer.
 Who is the person you want to serve?
 And then really understanding them at a deeper level.
 Like, are they someone who's moving towards pleasure and moving away from pain?
 Are they a search?
 Are they a scroller?
 Where are we finding these people?
 How are we interrupting them?
 That was all in section one, which is one of my favorite chapters.
 Hope you guys enjoyed that one.
 Section two, our secret number two was now we know who our dream customers are.
 Section two is like where are they actually hiding?
 I need to find those people.
 They got to be hiding somewhere.
 And we talked about congregations and how to identify them.
 And then the third video we did like this, we talked about the dream 100.
 Who's already congregated?
 Those people, where are they at?
 And I had you as an exercise.
 Hopefully you did.
 It's on page 41 in the book when you get the book.
 But it was basically it was like going through each platform from sort of Facebook.
 Who are the people who have already congregated your dream customers?
 Who are the people who already have big Facebook followers and writing their names down?
 Who are the people who already have big YouTube channels and writing those names down?
 Who are the people who have big podcasts of your dream customers?
 Oh, that's YouTube.
 Instagram channels, bloggers, big email lists.
 Who are the people who have already congregated the customers you want to have and you want
 to serve?
 We have to start listing those people out.
 That's the first step here in the dream 100.
 We're going to come back to that today.
 So I want to make sure you guys have done that and prepared there.
 And then yesterday we talked about my favorite concepts, which is book story offer.
 So we talked a lot about that.
 If you missed that one, all these are being posted on Facebook.
 They're on Facebook long term.
 So you can go and watch them on Facebook.
 We may or may not be putting out a traffic seekers podcast.
 These episodes as well because some people have been asking for the replay.
 So that may be coming to you.
 But today we're going into secret number four.
 Secret number four.
 You guys ready for this?
 Secret number four is called work your way in and buy your way in.
 And this goes back into if you read the original.com secrets book.
 You guys talk about there's three types of traffic, right?
 How many of you guys remember this?
 There's three types of traffic.
 This is the Internet marketing school 101.
 There is traffic that you control.
 There's traffic that you earn and there's traffic that you own.
 So it's three types traffic.
 Today we're going to be talking about two of those three types.
 All right.
 So working your way and buying your way.
 In fact, let me see.
 It's the best way I can share with this.
 Oh, yeah.
 So I talked about this.
 It's interesting when we were launching ClickFunnels five and a half years ago.
 As you guys know, I'm the non-technical co-founder, which means I got no skills.
 I can't code.
 I can't write software.
 So everyone's writing software for me because I can't do it.
 So Todd and Dylan are writing that, I created software.
 And so it's like, what was my job in this whole thing?
 My job is to figure out how am I going to like when the doors open on day one, how am
 I going to make sure that there's traffic coming into our funnel so that people are
 lined up waiting to create trial.
 So that was like, while they're up all night coding, drinking red bowls and doing the hack
 of thorns and stuff like that, I was hanging out with them, thinking, okay, I got to figure
 out dream 100.
 Who are the people who are the, who's got our dream customers?
 And so I built my whole dream 100 list just like I just showed you guys right now and
 how we did early exercise a couple of days ago.
 I built out the dream 100 and I started contacting him and calling him and messaging him and
 sending him stuff in the mail and they're getting to know them and they, all sorts of
 things, right?
 And when I'm doing that, after I figure out who my dream 100, there's two things I'm
 trying to do.
 I'm trying to find my way in, okay, and I'm trying to, I'm trying to buy my way in, okay?
 And so working your way in is, is how do I get those people who already have my dream
 customers to promote me, right?
 And all you guys have been watching this, this traffic secrets book launch and I have
 a lot of people said, now my entire Facebook and Instagram and YouTube feeds are all filled
 with people talking about traffic secrets, okay?
 It literally is my dream 100s.
 People I've been building relationships with for years who I said, I got a new book coming
 out to talk about it and they have.
 So I worked my way into those relationships, okay?
 Those people are promoting it.
 I'm not paying them.
 They are affiliates.
 They look at paid commissions if they sell a book, but I didn't buy ads from them, right?
 I said, hey, you want to promote this?
 And they said, yes, right?
 And so I worked my way in.
 And so if you look at how you worked your way into your dream 100, if you could go to
 the book here on page number 57, I start walking through the process.
 So seven one is called Dig Your Well Before Your Thirsty, okay?
 And there's a book that Harvey McKay wrote called Dig Your Well Before Your Thirsty.
 I remember reading that book and it's been like, okay, that's the thing.
 A lot of times people are like, well, when my product's done, then I'll go start working
 on my dream 100.
 I'll start building relationships.
 When I'm ready to launch, then I'll go do that.
 It's like, no, no, no.
 You need to do that today because when your product's done, if you come to someone the
 first time you meet, okay, how's it going?
 My name is Russell.
 I'm going to promote my book.
 They're going to be like, dude, you, I don't know who you are.
 All you're doing is asking me for favors and asking me for things, right?
 Your job is to start building a relationship today, like immediately.
 Start digging your well before your thirsty, okay?
 So that's why I led the book with this because you should start doing this today, right?
 Let's say you do this on Instagram or on Facebook, right?
 So let's say Instagram be fair here.
 Who's got, who on Instagram already has my dream following?
 Who's got the influencers who already have a huge list of people, right?
 A ton of followers of my dream customers.
 And they start messaging them, right?
 I read you guys a couple of days ago and here talking about dream 100 Rachel Hall,
 so when she launched her book that became the number two best selling book of the year
 last year, only losing to Michelle Obama, come on now.
 First thing she did, she went to Instagram and found everyone who had her dream customers
 who had over 200,000 followers and she personally de-end every single one of them.
 Okay, she started working her way and getting to know the messaging of sending them free
 copies of her product and like getting to know them.
 Same thing with Tom Billy from Quest, when they launched Quest Nutrition.
 Same thing, went to Instagram and found who's all the influencers have my dream customers
 and start working my way and send them free samples, send them products, started working
 their way in.
 So that's step number one is like working your way and getting to know these people.
 Okay, when your products launched, they should already know who you are, they should be friends.
 In fact, I think I tell the story here of Tim Ferriss when he launched the Foreign Workweek.
 He said, "I'm writing a book.
 I need to start digging my well today."
 So he said, "Who's my dream 100?
 Who are the people that someday I'd love for their own promo?"
 I booked and he built a huge list of bloggers and podcasters and things like that and started
 getting to know and became friends with a message from a year before he launched his book,
 right?
 So our bill is, our digging is well before his thirsty with these people, getting to know
 them as he's writing a book.
 And eventually people are like, "What do you do for a living?"
 He's like, "Oh, I'm an author.
 I'm writing a book.
 That's the book I've done yet.
 I'll tell you when it's done."
 And the people are like, "This guy's really cool.
 He's just like really nice."
 And then eventually Tim's like, "Hey, my book's done.
 Can I send you a free copy?"
 They're like, "Heck yeah."
 So he sent all these people free copies of the Foreign Workweek and then he's like,
 "Hey, launch day is this day.
 If you like it, I'd love to write a blog post on launch day and tell the world."
 And on launch day he had like, I don't know, a thousand bloggers on day one and blogging
 about the Foreign Workweek and that built Tim Ferriss.
 And so this whole concept is how it works, right?
 You figure out who your dream 100 is and separate them once you start digging your well
 before your thirsty.
 And I'm not going to spend too much time, but we talked about all the different ways
 to do that here inside the book and the ways you do it the right way and then the wrong
 way.
 Okay?
 Let's see.
 Make sure I'm doing this in the right order.
 Yeah.
 Separate more is to dig your well before your thirsty.
 Separate more is to dig your well before your thirsty.
 Work your way in.
 And it's interesting right now while we're on quarantine, my kids and I and my wife are
 doing the Marlable Marathon.
 So we started with Captain America and then Captain Marlable doing chronologically.
 So it's not when the movies were released, but when they chronologically fit into time.
 So Captain America is number one.
 Captain Marlable, I said, "Iron Man tomorrow or tonight's going to be incredible.
 We'll do the whole marathon," right?
 And as I was watching, I was thinking about, I remember when Infinity Wars came out and
 endgame came out, right?
 And how did those, how did they launch those movies, right?
 You think about this.
 And what they did is that the movie theaters, Disney, they have relationships with the people
 to have their dream customers, right?
 So like the today show, the tonight show, Good Morning America, late night, all the different
 talk shows, right?
 And about a week before any of these movies go live, what happens?
 Okay?
 What happens is that, so again, let's just say that we're Hollywood right now.
 So Hollywood builds out their dream one hunt.
 So here's your dream one hunt, right?
 I got to figure out how to work my way and buy my way into these people.
 This is what Hollywood does, the same thing.
 It's like, okay, here's the morning shows, the talk shows, late night talk shows.
 If we're going to promote this movie, we need to start working our way in today.
 It's what they do.
 They go and all of a sudden you see the guy who plays Thor, Chris Hemsworth is on every
 single show talking about the movie.
 And then you got Iron Man going to wear it.
 And you got all the people, like all the famous people going on all these shows talking
 about the movie, like this weekend, the movie's coming out, it's coming out, it's coming
 out and they're working their way in to all these channels letting them know that this
 thing's about to go live, right?
 And then boom, movie go live on the weekend and make a billion dollars and that's how they
 launch movies.
 The same thing is true in our world, right?
 I for the last two years I've been writing this book, I built my dream one hunt, I got
 to know my book, I've got to know my book, I've got to know my book, I've sent free copies
 of the book.
 Now I'm doing podcast interviews, Facebook lives, all sorts of stuff, talking about my
 book, getting it out there to the world.
 Same thing's true for your pride, the same thing you start working your way in.
 Then you call it because working your way in or earning your traffic because it's free.
 You're not paying for it.
 You're paying with your time, your relationships, but it's the best kind of traffic because
 first off doesn't cost you any money.
 Number two, usually it's coming with a personal recommendation so it's the best type of traffic
 you can get.
 Okay, so we're going to work our way in.
 So the first goal is to work our way into everyone's side of the dream one hundred.
 In fact on page 64 you see, well here's a picture of it there.
 I figure a person to try to figure out how to work my way in.
 Okay, so I go through all my podcasts and it's how do I get on everyone's podcast?
 I want to hit the podcast circuits.
 Here's all my YouTube, which how do you get on YouTube circuits?
 Here's all the people at Facebook lives, I like people at email list, trying to work
 these circuits and get into every single person's thing, right?
 So that's how I work my way in.
 In fact, when I launched the experts' book, I show a picture here, but I spent, I simply
 saw the video, I did a whole YouTube video about this.
 I spent 10 years building a relationship with Tony Robbins in my dream one hundred and when
 the experts' book came out, I said, "Hey, can you interview me about my book on your
 fan page?"
 He's like, "Okay, and he interviewed me."
 And this video, this interview got 3.1 million views of Tony interviewing when the last book
 came out.
 I was working my way in.
 It cost me any money if I got in there and got this free promotion.
 Now that's the first thing is that is working your way.
 The second way is you buy your way in.
 Now in the perfect world, everyone in your dream one hundred would just promote you for
 free, right?
 But the reality is for 10 years, for example, Tony Robbins didn't promote me for a decade
 that I was working my way and working my way and working my way in.
 But what's cool is during that time, while I'm working my way in and hoping to get him
 to promote me for free, I'm still able to go and buy my way in.
 So I was able to go to Tony Robbins.
 He's in my dream one hundred, right?
 And I targeted his fans, his followers on Facebook, and I bought ads to his followers.
 Okay?
 I know his followers are my dream customers, so I bought ads to those people.
 I do the Grand Cardinal followers for my dream customers, so I bought ads to those people.
 And I do that same thing so you can...
 So there's two sets of the process.
 You fear how your dream one hundred is.
 And number one is you're going and you are working your way and trying to get free exposure
 to their following, to their fans, to their audiences.
 And number two, while you're trying to work your way in and get free exposure, you can
 also buy your way in.
 All the advertising platforms nowadays like Facebook and Instagram and YouTube allow you
 to buy ads directly targeting certain people.
 Okay?
 So if I have your dream customers, you can buy ads to say, "Everyone who follows Russell
 Brunson want them to see my ad."
 You can do that really easily.
 If you're selling a health product, you can say, "Everyone who follows Dr. Oz, show them
 my product," right?
 And so while you're waiting for Dr. Oz to put you on the show someday in the future,
 while you're building a relationship and trying to get on a show to get all this exposure,
 you can...
 Same time you can be buying your way in today.
 You don't have to wait for him to say, "Yes, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, the channels
 have already said yes to you."
 Okay?
 So I'm working my way in my way and I'm buying my way.
 People always ask, "What's better is it's better to work your way in or to buy your way?"
 And the reality is you want both.
 Okay?
 Here's a little graph here if you can see.
 See?
 If I'm buying my way in, boom, I need a big spike immediately.
 I get started in traffic like yesterday.
 Like I can get traffic super, super fast, right?
 I work my way and it takes longer, but over the long term, you can get way more traffic
 from that.
 So the reality is you want both.
 You want the immediate traffic and sales coming in from buying your way in.
 And you want the long term consistent free traffic.
 If you're doing both at the same time, that's the best way to do it.
 Okay?
 ClickFunnels is built up of a lot of traffic from both things.
 Free traffic that we're working our way in as well as paid traffic that we're buying
 our way in.
 Okay?
 And so, yeah, that's kind of where we're starting.
 Ah, I could spend like six years going on this, but you got to get the book, you guys.
 You have to get it.
 It's so, you can't say about your own book.
 That's like annoying, but I worked really hard on it.
 So I can say that.
 I think it's really good.
 I'm really proud of it.
 It's funny because like when you're, you finish writing it, you're like so proud of
 it.
 And then there's this phase where you have to send it to people to read.
 And man, it is a scary, scary phase.
 I remember sending it to a whole bunch of my friends and just be like, there's my new
 book.
 And like, and they're just waiting and like, ah, hoping and hoping it's funny because
 the first year we're here back, because the books take a long time to read.
 And you're just like, oh my gosh, they must hate it.
 I'm really, really scared.
 And then a couple of weeks ago, I was at Tony Robbins, a 60th birthday party, which was
 insane.
 I'm sitting there and I saw Garrett White across the room and he came over, gave me
 hug.
 And then he's like, in the way Garrett says it, brother, he's like, I read, I read the
 new book.
 I'm like, oh yeah, what do you think?
 Like freaking out.
 Like, I hope he and Garrett's like better one of the biggest fans of dot com and extra
 secrets that we have, right?
 We're our biggest promoters of the book.
 And he's like, this one's better than the other two.
 I was like, whoa, are you serious?
 I was like, oh cool things.
 And I'm like, freaking out because I've been so panicked, so nervous, so afraid that when
 you got this, like what if they don't like it?
 What if they, like, you know, it's the, it's the insecurities of the artists.
 They all, you always will have it as you start putting your stuff out there.
 But we were really happy that anyway, so far everyone's decided to read it.
 It's loved it.
 So many guys have had a chance listening to the audiobook and have told me amazing feedback.
 So I'm grateful for it.
 So anyway, yes, I'm excited.
 So if you guys don't have a copy of the book yet, now is the time.
 All you gotta do is go to traffic seekers.com.
 Again, we're in pre-order right now.
 These don't ship till May 5th, assuming the Amazon opens back up soon.
 Anyway, that's the story for the other day.
 May 5th, we start, we start shipping, but we are, we'll be shipping for our warehouse.
 So we'll have to worry about that.
 But if you go to traffic seekers.com, you can pre-order.
 But the audiobooks are, there's an order form bump for an audiobook.
 So if you want to listen to it today, you can start listening today.
 I spent three hours or three days in a studio reading it.
 It's seven hour audio, I think the whole books you can start listening to today and have
 it ready by tomorrow.
 And it's going to be, it's going to be awesome.
 So yeah, anyway, I'm excited for you guys.
 I hope that you enjoy the book when it comes out.
 And I've got to jump, I've been working my way and I've got interviews starting in four
 minutes with a whole bunch of other people who are going to be talking about this book.
 So I'm going to go jump off and jump on the calls with them, you guys.
 Yes, I've practiced my preach, what I preach.
 But now it's time to get a book on traffic seekers.com.
 And I hope you guys enjoy, I hope you guys love it.
 And again, while you're waiting for the book show up, there's the audiobook you can
 upsell.
 But there's also five videos you get.
 One of them is me talking about traffic seekers at Felaki Live.
 There's one from Prince EA, there's over three billion views on YouTube.
 There's paying Jews video.
 There's a whole bunch of amazing traffic videos you get instantly when you get the book.
 So go take advantage of that as well.
 And with that, at traffic seekers.com, some sort of where I am.
 So anyway, I'm jumping off, I got a call in three minutes.
 I appreciate you guys paying out for me today.
 And we'll talk about tomorrow.
 Tomorrow we're going to be going into the next secret, which is, bop, bop, bop, bop,
 traffic that you own.
 This is the most important type of traffic.
 So we cover this tomorrow.
 Again, the three types of traffic, traffic you control, traffic that you earn and traffic
 that you own.
 So tomorrow we'll talk about traffic you own the most important, most vital, most fun
 type of traffic.
 Thanks you guys for traffic seekers.com.
 I appreciate you all.
 And we'll see you guys tomorrow.
 Bye everybody.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community, which means you can text me your
 questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Okay?
 Now the phone number you text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back
 a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free
 swag, giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get it for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
