 Hey everyone, this Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you to the marketing secrets podcast today. I want to share with you guys a very special
 Fox a message I received from one of my inner circle members
 That had a big impact on me and I think we'll have a big impact on you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone, so
 A lot of you guys know in my inner circle program. I do a lot of cool things
 We fact we had a podcast episode earlier this week showing behind the scenes one of our decade-to-day calls with Dana Derks
 with other big benefits is people have the ability to vox me and Vox is kind of like a walkie-talkie app and we vox her back and forth and
 One of the guys in our inner circles
 He's Brian Bowman and he's one of the coolest guys. I know like someone who I have so much respect for he's one of our speakers
 of on liking live and just an amazing amazing human being and he doesn't vox me a lot of questions, but he messaged me
 last week and he sent me this message in about four or five minutes long and
 it had a really profound impact on me and
 I thought that some of the insights from it were really really powerful. I wanted to share share them with you
 From a lot of things one woman's like how do you know?
 Like if you're feeling burned out like is it burnout or something different and what can you do to kind of get out of that burnout phase?
 he also talked about two really really powerful questions, I think all of us should be asking ourselves often and
 And they talked about
 Just some cool stuff. I don't want to root it for you guys. Well, you guys will hear here in a second
 but I want you to to pay attention because
 This was kind of a private thing that he you know wasn't
 Planning on sharing with the world
 But I asked afterwards if I can give his permission to share with you guys and luckily for for me and for you and for all of us
 He said yes, and I think there's some really powerful insights in here
 That'll help you as you're trying to share your message and trying to to change the world in your own little way and
 And so I'm really excited to share this voxer message
 I got from Brian Bowman. Hope you love it and I will talk to you soon. Hey, what's going on man?
 Um, I've been a little radio silent for a little bit. Uh, so
 I just wanted to make sure I I touch base with you
 Um, I've been doing a lot of like introspection. It's been really interesting. I felt like this weird
 Um, I don't know like I hit I thought it was burnout, but um, I don't think it was I think it was more about like
 Uh, just need to clean house a little bit like in my in my purpose and like in my focus
 um
 I thought it was burnout was kind of freaking me out because I thought I was like man, am I burning out?
 Like is this am I just stressed or like what is it? It could ball be but it felt different and um,
 It was really interesting. So I just wanted to share with you because I I was pretty cool man
 Like I was started whiteboarding and like just really like I found like when I'm whiteboarding
 I tried to just really open up and just like like just free flow right to kind of to kind of tap into that subconscious a little bit
 And um, I I wrote on the board because I mean just I've had this like conflict
 I just have not had like the fireman. It's weird
 Um, and I just can't operate in any other state like I cannot operate in like in like the in like a routine like wrote
 kind of like do this do that do that kind of routine. I need to be like
 Blazing on fire or it's like what's the point? Like it's just yeah, but like probably so many entrepreneurs, right?
 And I just have not been able to get there and um, dude, this is so cool. So and I really believe it was like a message
 Um, so I wrote down. I was writing all this stuff and then I was like, oh, that's good. That's good
 And I started writing and there were two questions
 And the first one was do I believe in the product I'm selling or do do I believe in the product?
 Not even selling, but do I believe in my product?
 And
 Am I the right person to deliver it?
 And it was like when I got that out and I've never like thought about this or anything
 It just like but when I got that out those two questions
 It was like I almost felt like like it was right in front of me. It was so crazy, man
 And then I just started going down that rabbit hole and then what that led me to was really like getting clear on
 What is it that I'm that I'm trying to do for for my tribe and
 Am I really the the right person to lead them and and just to make sure and for me
 It was almost like a checks and balances thing. We're like staying authentic to what it is that I I believe I I can lead them on
 Not not doing something else just because it could it could open up some opportunity
 and
 And if there's something that I believe that the product needs
 And I'm the right person to deliver it then to make sure that I that I beat that I master that or that I really go down that that path because
 I'm the one who's sort of called to lead them in that
 Um, like that's that that's my obligation, right?
 So it's really interesting man
 And anyway, I want to share with you because I thought it was pretty cool
 And it really reminded me like so I really believe in like like there's a balance and things and I mean
 I think most people believe that but I really believe there's an actual like I think like the whole universe is built
 Like on sort of math like mathematical sort of equations and I believe like god is probably like an amazing
 Like the green all like obviously
 It's quite pretty good at math
 But like I believe like it's like a very like the mind of god
 I don't know if I could very mathematical mind it because I believe there's this equation like an energy and like
 It's why it's so interesting. I was thinking about your book
 I was I was at Whole Foods eat now. I was like probably people overlook
 I think what the most important part of your expert secrets book is
 It's the part where you say to go do the work for free first
 And that's the part I think everyone they think they probably think you're saying it
 At least this is how I interpret it
 They probably think you're saying it because it's like go get case studies so you have proof testimonials
 And then that'll make your pitch more effective
 And I think they miss the fact that no, it's like you're creating a debt in the equation like you're creating
 Like the equate you're creating like a vacuum that needs to be filled right and like that's like a principle in the universe
 Like empty spaces get filled like that's why water will go through and it'll fill a space
 And like you're creating you're creating a an imbalance in the equation that has to be balanced
 So it's so critical like everyone wants to be an expert without creating the imbalance first
 The imbalance is like you put in the hard work you gain the expertise or or you or you create value
 And then that that like gives you the the angle or like the it creates the imbalance in the equation that needs to be balanced
 Which is you know you going out and being and being a leader and all that so it's really interesting man
 I uh, it's kind of like why tithing works too, right?
 I mean, I I mean everyone has the reasons like if you if you believe in in god and you believe that that's it's like the word of god
 You're supposed to tithe and there you go
 But I mean, I think I remember you talking about once like Dan Kennedy's like, I don't know tithing works
 And he wasn't as far as I know like he wasn't really like, you know, really religious or spiritual or anything
 But he's like it just works right well. Yeah, because it's a it's a principle
 It's just a law and like there's it creates an imbalance like an equation that has to be balanced so
 Anyway, um, yeah, dude. I'm just ranting. This is officially the longest boxer I've ever left you I uh
 Maybe it's maybe I just miss boxering you so hopefully you're good man
 It was great seeing you on the live and um, yeah, just thinking about your man. All right talk to you dude
 One more marketing secrets
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert seekers.com
 And book number two is called dot com secrets and you need your free copy at dot com secrets dot com
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (audience applauds)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
