 What's up, everyone? This is Russell Brunson, and welcome to the marketing secrets podcast.
 So, the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson, and welcome to marketing secrets.
 Alright, everybody, head into the office today for Funfield Day. It's going to be short because it's almost Christmas time, and we thought it'd be fun to do something out of the ordinary.
 So, everyone's working their butt off, and then in the day we're going to leave a little early and go and see Star Wars movie, which I'm freaking out about because I haven't seen it yet, and I want to see it so bad.
 And like, you know, everyone's got the positive and the negative reviews and all sorts of stuff, and I don't care what they say. There's no way I'm not going to like it.
 I'm so excited! So, I'm pumped about that. Also, we have an acupuncturist who's coming into the office to give people to poke people all day.
 So, I'll be going through a session today, which I'm excited for. I don't know how acupuncture works, but I had a miraculous healing from it one time, so I'm a big believer.
 And I'm not even hurt. I just feel like I want more people poking needles into my body apparently, so that's exciting.
 But when I share with you, it's the most exciting thing of all! So exciting. So, we've been...
 It's funny that we've grown as big as the company as we have with the fact that I'm not the best systems person in the world.
 I'm a big believer in it, just not ever been good at it.
 And Mr. James P. Frill, who is an amazing, minor circle, been friend for about three years or so now.
 He came in originally and set up our trellis systems that worked really good for like a week, and then like me as a bad manager of it.
 It kind of fell apart, and then I came hired him again later, came back and set up again, and then worked for a while at the fell apart.
 And the third time I did it, so three times it helped me set this process up.
 And the third time it lasted longer, then eventually it kind of fell apart as well.
 And so eventually I was just like, you know what? How about we just hire you to come and actually run this thing for us?
 So we hired him for the next six months, and he literally moved to Boise like a block from the office, which has been really fun.
 And then now he's like living next to me as we're doing everything and systemizing everything.
 And what we've been focusing on, which is something I think everybody should do, because as you know, you listened to my opinion on this before,
 like your business is not the thing that you do or the business is the marketing of the thing you sell, right?
 And so I think every company, like the real company is your own marketing and advertising agency.
 That is the company.
 And then what you sell is incidental. It doesn't really matter.
 I can plug in chiropractic, I can plug in dentistry, I can plug in supplements, I can plug in.
 It doesn't matter. Your business is the marketing, right?
 So I was like, well, we need to build a marketing agency where we are our only clients.
 We build this marketing agency out and there's a funnel building team in the agency and there's traffic team.
 And so it's been really fun because he's going through like all the stuff we've been doing for the last decade that we redo every single time.
 And he's been trellizing it and systemizing it and all sorts of stuff.
 But the biggest thing we realize is that when we like, when I have an idea, right, it's like the idea, I'm like, aww,
 and I have that moment where it's like the flood of inspiration.
 For me, I don't know if it's this way for everybody.
 I'm assuming that, you know, when I was in this way, when I began, like, the more I've done this, the more longer I've done it and the more I've immersed myself.
 And like, when I have the idea, like, it just, like, I see the whole thing in my head, like, I don't know if that makes sense.
 Like, it's not a vision, it's like, I don't know, maybe it's like a vision, but it's like, as soon as the idea comes, it's just like, all these connections, all the things, everything I've learned and done and seen over the last, you know, 15 years of this business all since, like, since the idea hits,
 it's like, I see a perfect clarity of, like, what it looks like, like, I know, it's like, okay, this is, like, I see it really fast.
 And I freak out, I try to explain to everybody really fast, which is why I talk so fast, because I might try to get it out into my head before I forget it, I'm trying to explain the whole thing, and usually, whoever's closest to me, I grab, and I explain it.
 So usually, it's like, Dave's there, Melanie's there, so nice Dave's there, Steven's there, whoever, and it's grabbing people, and I'm like, ahh, and I freak out, I tell them the whole thing, right?
 And everyone's like, oh, and they all get excited, we go run to our things, but then, like, we try to relay that to the next part of the team, the next part of the team, and eventually, it's like playing telephone booth, and everyone forgets, and then even, like, Dave or Steven, who's there initially, they're like, okay, remember the whiteboard, we doodle this thing, like, what's that square again for?
 Like, I don't know what's actually happening, or maybe you have a squiggly line here that was really important, but I could just, like, look like a squiggly line now, and I'm not sure exactly what it is.
 And we always try to, and we lose all this stuff, and so we're like, man, how do we capture that moment of inception when the first big idea hits, and like, how do we capture this, we don't lose it?
 And so, in our Trello process system now, it's so cool, we've done it twice to test it out, but we literally, the way it works is like, step one, we have the aha mum, right?
 Oh, this is like the idea, and second, we have that, I log into VOCS, and there's a group with the entire agency in the VOCS, and I literally send them the GIF of the bat signal, so boom, they get that, and that, which means, oh, my gosh, we also had an idea, I get to the bat room, then we set up a Zoom room, which is a Zoom room that's called, like, the bat line or bat cave or something like that.
 So since I sent out the bat signal, then I also have the direct link to the bat cave, then everybody who's able to jumps on, and then right there, I open the Zoom room on my computer, from the whiteboard, I'm like, oh, my gosh, guys, and I explain what the whole thing happens, right?
 And then the record's the whole thing, so the whole thing's being recorded, and I go through the whole thing, and anyone who's able to come comes, obviously not everybody can come every single time, but whoever's there comes, we explain the whole thing, we get excited, and I map out the vision on the whiteboard, explain things, and then when I'm done, I have to write down,
 okay, here's the whole vision, I'm like, can I need so-and-so to do this part, so-and-so to do this, and I explain it to all the different pieces, and then what's done, I stop the recording, upload the recording to Dropbox, post that in Trello, so that here's the vision, and then here's the picture of the whiteboard, here's the whiteboard of the vision, here's the video of the vision, and then I vox that back out to everybody who made, who made, missed the call, here it is, and then that happens, and then the person on our team who does the project management stuff, which right now is James and John are doing it, but eventually we're going to be bringing in somebody full time to do this part.
 Then what goes and watches it second by second, and then basically builds out all the Trello cards based on the vision, and then everyone's got their stuff, Trello cards, deadlines, everything, and it just all magically happens, and it is the coolest thing in the world.
 So we did it twice, two days ago, and then yesterday we did two batmutes, and these aren't like new like, "Ah ha moments," but it's new funnels we're relaunching, and so where everybody's got like a little piece of this puzzle that I have in my head, and we're all working towards it, but now everyone knows the whole vision.
 And it's insane, just the clarity that me, for me and for everything everyone on our team has now, it's just like, "Oh, that's what Russell's talking about."
 Are people watching the Office of the Walkaround, like they're re-watching the video, like, "Oh, that's what he's talking about."
 Or like, "Hey, I'm like, minute six of the video, you said this, like, what did you mean again?"
 And then I can, it's just really cool, it's simplifying our process, I'm not repeating and re-teaching and re-explaining and re-showing things a million times.
 Only other cool things after we got the whole thing done, then Jake on my team, he's taking my white door board doodle, and then he actually is going into Photoshop or Illustrator, whatever he uses.
 And if you've got the Funnel Hacker Cookbook, you know, the images of the pages and the funnels, he's actually building out a map for the funnels I sketched out in that, in that -- so we have a PDF of like the actual map of what I doodled out, but it's very specific to this page one, page two, page two, here's the email, like, e-signances, here's where it goes from here, so like, we have an actual map where we're building out the image.
 And we have an actual map we're building off of as well as posting some doodles that I gave out.
 And anyway, it's just getting really, really cool.
 And so I'm excited, we're systemizing the crap out of everything, we're speeding up our processes, we're making it so like we remove me from a lot of the things that I've been doing just because they're stuck in my head and like getting it out onto a spot where other people can help facilitate it, and it feels good, it feels freeing, it feels exciting.
 So there's an idea for those of you guys who are trying to figure this process out and how to get the vision from your mind out to your team, do a Batman meeting like we're doing, send out the bat signal, bring them all to the bat cave, record your ideas, and you've got it archived as everyone starts building and driving traffic and all those other pieces that come with it.
 So that's it, I'm excited.
 Anyway, I'm heading in right now, I'm going to get some acupuncture, work on some funnels, work on -- I'm probably doing the Batman meeting with four projects, trying to get them by the year.
 So I'm doing four bat meetings to catch everybody up, then we'll have our marching orders before the end of the year, and then I'm heading to go see the new Star Wars.
 So excited.
 Alright guys, until I got, appreciate you all having an amazing day, and we'll talk to you soon.
 Bye!
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets, and you can get a free copy at ExpertSecrets.com.
 And book number two is called .com Secrets, and you can get your free copy at .comsecrets.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 [APPLAUSE]
