 What's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today's episode
 You guys have a chance to listen in on a really really fun actually interview that Josh 40 and I did today about
 Goal setting and what that looks like I know that we're at the time of recording
 This is almost the new year and so he asked me the questions about how I said goals
 How do I make sure I hit my goals and reach them and what does that look like and I was excited because it's actually topic that
 I'm writing it sensibly about in my new book and so
 Anyway, a lot of things are kind of top of mind and we had some fun with it went
 Longer than we thought and so I had to go fast through some things
 Someday, maybe I'll do a three year five day or two weeks two month long event teaching these topics
 But hopefully it gives you a head start to kind of figure out
 What is you want in life? What kind of goals you want to set for this year?
 And then how do you actually make sure you achieve those?
 Subtits fascinating to me and hopefully you guys will find some cool stuff in as well and at the end of it
 There's assignments so make sure you do it and if you do that
 I'm in fact I'd block out two or three hours during this new year's break is you're kind of figuring out what you want to
 do with your life over the next 12 months and
 Go through this audio and then actually do this time at the end if you that your chances of hitting that goal will dramatically go up
 All right, that said we're in Cuba theme song and we get back have a chance to listen in on an interview with me and Josh 40
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up everybody welcome back to marketing secrets podcast today
 I'm here once again with Josh 40 and it's at the time of recording this is a little after Christmas
 We're getting ready for the new years and world domination. I think today. We're gonna be talking about
 How to focus and goal setting all kinds of stuff that right is that right? Yeah today's episode to go on
 I'm so excited for this because I mean we get to listen to Russell Brunson tell us how he picks his goals
 How he's gonna play on the world? It's gonna be great. I decided to because some of you guys know I'm actually working
 Well off and on just depends on but I have another book in the works
 I'm working on and it's my first like personal development book
 but for me personal development is definitely around like picking a target and
 Running towards it with deafness a purpose and trying to accomplish the thing and so as I've been
 Not right. I wrote I wrote 200 pages of the book. I told you just when you were out and boy
 I know I'm waiting for my copy roll
 So I got so I I didn't hate the book. It's actually good stuff
 I'm putting it in the new
 The behind-the-scenes newsletter I can put in the chapters in there
 So it's being reused but I wasn't happy with like how it turned out. It's like a book book and so I'm starting
 Excuse me starting one from scratch and rethinking it all and so that's the phase I'm in right now
 But a lot of it is tied around what we're talking about today. So it should be good. I mean, I'm excited for this heck
 Yeah, awesome. Well, let's kick it off. We can get started with that note
 So whenever we sit down for podcasts
 I like go and I like kind of it's interesting because now that we're doing so many
 Normally when I do like long-form interviews or we record up, you know kind of in batches, right?
 Normally when I sit down
 I'm just like record go
 But like you can only do that so many times with somebody before you just you have to start planning topics at a time
 Right?
 So I'm on the plane yesterday or a couple days ago whenever we flew back home
 And we got to upgrade to first class for like $47 was Graham like there on my computer
 Just like have room and so I was thinking like walking through the topics that we wanted to cover over the next couple
 episodes and one that kept coming up and kind of my mind kept coming back to is like goal setting right?
 We're sitting here. We're coming to the end of this year
 The last two years have really just kind of been crazy right like 2020 was super super uncertain 2021 was a little bit more
 Certain but we are all no we're not back to reality yet, right?
 With everything and so I was like alright. How do you how do you set goals? Not only in the midst of just chaos
 But just in general right because there's so many different ways you can think about goals and set goals and like do targets and all the different
 Things and so as we kind of wrap up this year as we bring this year to an end and as you we look ahead to 2022
 What are like the areas specifically that like you look at as far as like setting goals and how do you set goals?
 Effectively that you're gonna stick to because I think that's a big thing for a lot of people is they can write down like I want to make
 $1 million this year I want to lose weight that you know I'm saying but like how do we actually do that?
 Right? Do you break it down like how does that work? Yeah, so I say
 Begin this is like we could write a whole you know 25 book topic on this
 So I'll just go for some of the highlights of things I think about
 One of them actually I got from Sharf and that was interesting
 He spoke of finicking live or Lando and we did a little session on stage and it was interesting
 He was talking about from a team-building standpoint, but I took this principle back
 And I started implementing with my family and then in my own personal life and he talked about how a lot of people said a goal
 Like it I want to make million dollars
 I want to and he said if you structure it and you look at it differently if you look at it like a football game
 Or a football team is different right like like he said if you said look at the goals
 There's always like the main goal of anyone who's the football players like they want to be the Hall of Fame
 Like that's like their legacy their legend like there's the Hall of Fame goal, right?
 And so that's the first thing like what's the Hall of Fame goal and then you break it out from there
 So okay now what's the Super Bowl like what do you have to do to win the Super Bowl in you know
 Football Super Bowl for you what it is and then from there you break down
 It's like okay
 What are the things you had to do win this game this quarter this half and like and things like that right?
 So it's breaking things down like that and so I did this with my family like two or three years ago
 It was really cool. We said like for our family. What's our Hall of Fame goal for our family?
 Like what is the big thing like that?
 We're like I made it Hall of Fame like I'm a legend this is amazing
 So we set a goal for the family and I'm gonna think about that with with with the click fun also with me and like my mission
 Like what's my Hall of Fame goal?
 So that's kind of the first thing to think through because it's it's not something like I'm gonna get this year
 I'm gonna get it, but it's like I gotta be doing a lot of things to eventually when I retired like I did this thing and like
 I'm in the Hall of Fame, right? Like what is that? What is that for you and?
 Because if you don't know what that is it's hard to like reverse engineer everything backwards a lot of times entrepreneurs are good at just running
 like ready fire aim, but we're not like thinking and
 I'm I'm as bad as anyone else right again. I want to make a million dollars then 10 then hunt like keep looking at these things
 As opposed to like what's the end goal where you're trying to get to so that's first thing Hall of Fame goal
 And then what's your version of Super Bowl and the Super Bowl is more like in my mind like next 12 months
 Like what are you gonna do right? Yeah, and so that's kind of the that's like the bigger one. I think a lot of people
 Are thinking about when you're trying to like you know January 1st like setting your new your new year's goal
 It's like this is your Super Bowl goal next 12 months. This is the thing I want to accomplish and it's not
 12 things like football teams aren't like okay, I'm gonna do I'm gonna win the Super Bowl and I'm gonna win this and then win this
 I'm like there's just one goal
 I just have one thing that you're focusing on and then underneath there
 There's like all the things you got to do to be able to accomplish that and that's where these these sub goals come in right?
 And so that's kind of the first phase
 Any questions about for kind of move on to the next yeah, well no just a comment on that
 I was reading the book next to me the book essentialism. Have you ever read that book?
 Yes back in the day. I did okay super super good right and one of the things he talks about there is he's like
 It's always funny to me when companies say that their their
 Company has a lot of priorities. He's like you can't have a lot of priorities
 You can have a priority and then everything else comes secondary, right?
 So whenever I walk into a company
 They're like our priority is customer service and this and then you know list all the other ones
 He's like then you don't have any priorities, right?
 And so he's like when you sit down like what's the number one thing like what is the thing that like if that thing happens
 It is a success right like the whole year like that's what the thing was and so sitting down
 I noticed that like for me and like my company like for us our
 Number one priority for next year is not like yes
 We have a revenue goal and yes
 We have quarter goals and all the different things but for us the number one goal is we want to build the very best
 Product in the space for what we do right like that is the goal like for 12 months
 That is our goal and so now everything else comes secondary and so like when you're talking about that is like what is the goal?
 Like I love football right so football is that how I do all my analogies right like the Super Bowl is the 12 month goal
 Right and what's interesting about that is the Super Bowl is a collective team goal
 The Hall of Fame is an individual goal right which is super interesting because then then you can have your own
 Individual but then as a team and as I'm starting to grow a team more like things like that like having that really clear goal
 I think was really cool. So now just some comments but no questions on that one of that very cool
 So then like and you could tell like who I'm studying right now by some of my phrases
 so like I've been going deep into Napoleon Hill and
 Charles Hanell and like all the old time people right now some of my minds been with and it's interesting because as I study all
 Then like especially Napoleon like what he talks about all the time is like you got to pick a goal
 And then you have to move forward with definiteness of purpose
 And he uses that phrase and took me forever a fun like lab
 I can even like say the word right because it's such a weird word
 And it's like when I think about that definite of purpose is like this is what I'm doing like the Super Bowl
 Like I'm going forward. There's the goal
 I'm not just dabbling and hopefully I'll figure out my way like I I got my sights on the goal
 I'm moving forward with definiteness of purpose means I'm like everything is going towards that thing right and so
 You know that that's the biggest thing and I was reading a Charles Hanell book last night
 And like he's got a real master key system and a bunch of other really cool old books
 And we talked about desire like a lot of people like oh I want to go like I want to hit you comic lab
 But then their their desire isn't big enough to actually get them moving forward with definite a purpose right like and he shared the story
 And I've heard the story a thousand times over the years. I'm sure everyone's heard it
 I think my math he choose to tell he said it was Euclid that that told this story in this book of someone
 I don't know what that is stories, but basically like the dude comes up to the gurus like I want to learn how to do
 Whatever, you know, I want to learn how to make money online
 I want to learn how to whatever the thing is right and so the the gurus like well
 Meet me tomorrow morning at the beach and I'll show you how to do that
 So the next morning meets the do the beach the guru walks in on the water
 They get deeper and deeper and deeper and he gets the point where you know the water's up to the kid's head or whatever
 And he grabs head and shoves it on the water and he holds in there the guy's fighting and failing and the point
 Where he's about to die and then he pulls the guy out of the water
 And the guy's like what are you doing? He's like when you want
 Whatever when you want the thing you want as bad as you want it air you're gonna get it and like that that's like this desire thing
 So we have like we have the goal we have to move forward definite as a
 Definiteness of purpose like we have like that becomes the focal point of everything
 We're doing and then the last piece is like that desire because most people that I find who don't have success because they don't have desire
 Right like for me like when I was wrestling and I want to be a state champ like I had so much desire
 Like I couldn't stop thinking about like it was day and night
 I said in class or I could think about was different wrestling moves and what I could do to increase my strength and my
 Cardio better and how to get the moves better because like I want my desire was so strong for that thing and for me
 Business was the same one I got into business like like I just wanted to figure this out and make money and to grow a company
 I had so much desire that it happened right and most people who I've desired like oh it's a set of goal
 And it's like hopefully I make that
 Like if that's what you're going into it like you're not gonna be successful. What's the what's the the yoda?
 Well, like it's like do or do not there is no try yeah
 Like if you ask them like what's your goal and like oh I'm gonna try to whatever
 It's like you're not gonna make it like what no like because you said I'm gonna try to do it right you have to be like
 Definiteness of purpose. I'm gonna be a state champ. I'm going to hit it to comic club
 I'm going to make a million dollars and make ten and make a hundred
 I'm gonna get to a billion dollars and get to 200,000 customers like like like this is what I am doing and I'm my
 Desires high I'm moving for definite a purpose and like that's the like that's where it begins with yeah
 And I think part of the thing that goes with that is
 Tony Robbins gosh every time you bring Tony Robbins in like there's it's never it's never bad
 Right like he's like you could do that every single year and it would never get old right
 But you know he says he said this a million times. He's like you have to be so specific with what you want
 Right he's like people come to me all the time and like I've heard him say this a million times
 but just he was
 We got second row right behind you because Parker would word cable or shout out Parker
 And he's like on you that's staring into your soul
 And he's like you want a million and he's like you want more money fine. Here's a dollar
 You have more money move get out of my way, right? He's like you're getting here. I'm like dang right like if you're not so
 Specific with what you want like you'll get it
 Yeah, right but there's not gonna be what you actually want because you're not specific with it
 And so like we're definitely it's a purpose like I feel like I feel like one of the keys to that is to be very
 Specific with what that purpose is yep. Yep, it's not gonna plan. Oh, I want to get better
 I want to get yeah, it's got to be something tangible
 You can touch it and you know when you got it like you know when you went to Super Bowl
 If you got Super Bowl or not, I can't be like weirdo go last year like oh did you hit it?
 I don't know like yeah, there lies the problem, right?
 Before definite purposes your desires not high enough. You don't know if you hit it or not like that's a problem. Yeah
 Yeah, so that's good for
 Stuff well one more thing on that. I think it also helps you if you can get really like
 Setting clear goals is like a muscle. I feel like like this
 It's a skill set you that's learned and I was listening to Alex Becker
 Which I know you know Alex and like
 Dude is like just a mega genius man like his mind like I can ever get him on the podcast
 I will let you know because I get like a 30 second podcast with him right all right it'd be a
 profanity laced you know thing full of truth and you'd be like wow I have to process anyway
 I was listening to him he was doing his you like I was watching his training on YouTube ads and like going through
 And he's like what people need to understand is that all the marketing is the exact same thing when it comes to running ads
 Right actually I still have it written up on my board
 He goes every single person wants the exact same thing. They want a result
 They want it a consistent system to get there and they want it fast. That's it right?
 He's like if you just are able to
 Specifically call out the result provide the
 Specific system to get there and do it faster than anybody else you will win every single time right?
 I feel like a lot of goal setting is bad right?
 It's like what is the result that you're actually trying to go after and get to right like if you're not specific on that result
 Like try marketing something where there's no specific outcome
 It's so hard right and so the more clear you can get on that specific outcome the more clear that you can get on the outcome
 They'd be writing for your customer. I feel like that's like a learned skill that
 Transfers in other areas besides just goal setting you mean oh for sure. That's awesome
 Becker smart man. I did one call from one time. It was literally like three minutes long as they cancel
 I got and it was done. I was like that was amazing anyway, so yeah
 He's a freak of nature. That's for sure. Yeah, so okay. I got four more things to talk about related
 This is like I got this from Tom bill you cuz Tom
 Tom's when people like is again just brilliant and he said something in like three or four podcasts just kind of like as a
 Boomable like just kind of like just went off on it and I remember one day
 So I finally that I messaged him on text message an audio message
 I was like, okay, you said this I want to make sure to stand this right and you're all back
 Like it messes back. It's like kind of but you kind of got it all wrong like what
 Cuz I was like I'm writing this book and like this thing you just shared was so powerful like
 Can you like I need to map it out?
 So I spent an hour with him on the phone and mapped down it's like I drew it out like is this what you're talking about?
 He's like oh, yeah, so I'm talking like oh so it's gonna be the new books because it's like it's core foundational
 I'm gonna kind of go through with you guys cuz there's there's a lot of times and I didn't know this like there are things that I did
 Consciously related to these things, but now that I consciously know this like I'm going deep in it in fact
 I'm think I'm planning our two common club X man or circle members
 We're going to Mexico and March and I'm thinking I'm gonna do a three-day event in Mexico
 Just going deep on this alone because this is like the key to everything you want in life
 So there's the there's a pre-frame you guys ready for me to turn ready. I'm hooked
 Okay, so what Tom said was interesting
 He said a lot of times we set a goal
 But what we don't realize is that for us to get the goal we can't be who we are today because if we were we'd already have the thing
 Right like we have to actually evolve and change and become something different if we're gonna achieve the thing
 We do so then how do you become something different?
 And that's where you're kind of like in this weird limbo thing right?
 And so there are four core things that really tie into this and so I'll kind of talk briefly on each one as much as we
 Can in the time we have so the first one is after you know like this is the goal very specific definite purpose
 I got desire to go there the first thing we have to do is have an identity shift
 Right like our identity has to be different than what we are right now
 If we don't shift it then we struggle so I started looking back at the things I've had success in life
 Like for me the very first one was a wrestler and I remember I got into wrestling
 I liked it. I was I was good at it, but I wasn't great
 It wasn't until like and I see I can I don't have time probably tell this specific story
 But I remember a specific story where something happened where I that day
 I was like I'm a wrestler like this is me. This is like who I am. I'm an wrestler and as a wrestler
 I'm gonna do what wrestlers do right and Tom when I was talking to him
 I mentioned that and he's like he's like now imagine this thing instead of saying I was a wrestler
 Where if you said I'm a world-class wrestler or I'm a state champion wrestler
 I'm a Nash I'm a I'm a he's like just by changing how you I the identity that you're kind of putting on yourself
 Changes how you view everything right and for me
 I viewed myself as like a champion wrestler
 But if I would have and you know I view myself like I'm I'm someone who's a state champion therefore
 I started looking at what do the state champions do?
 Well, how are they doing it like what do they believe where they think like what do they do?
 What do they value and start matching my beliefs values and and rules based on that?
 But like the first thing is that you have to realize like what's the identity you want to put on yourself and you and
 I think most people don't do it consciously. I didn't do it consciously
 But we become aware of it. It changes things if I'm like you live and Anthony trucks talked about identity
 And it was such a powerful thing like if we figured out how to like put these identities on ourselves
 It makes everything else become easier. So the first thing is like understand. Okay. What's the identity?
 I got to put on my shoulders if I'm gonna become the person who's gonna be able to reach that goal and the identities like and
 We got to think through that and strategy and figure that out because if you don't if you pick the wrong identity
 Oh, I'm an athlete that's good
 But I'm not gonna become a world-class wrestler if my identities an athlete if my identities. I'm a world-class wrestler
 I'm gonna become a world-class wrestler right like you got it
 You know when I got into business with the same thing
 I was dabbling and dabbling and dabbling until I figured out like I wanted to be an entrepreneur
 And then after that was wasn't just an entrepreneur like it's shifting it's changed throughout time
 But the identity is the key because everything struck like you start doing things differently when you have different identity
 One of the identities I've recently and I did a podcast about this
 I've kind of put on myself is that I'm not just an entrepreneur or I'm not like like I'm a curator and by me just by me saying that
 I've literally bought I'd say conservatively probably 3,000 books in the last three months
 That I'm buying then going through them curating old books trying to figure out these kind of things because like I have the identity
 I put that identity upon myself and also like it shifts my behavior because of that
 Yeah, so identity is the first thing again
 We could talk for a day on identity
 But like understanding like what is the identity that you're gonna have to have to be able to become the person who's gonna go get that thing?
 Okay, can I touch on that just really briefly? Okay only because I
 Don't know I've spent like a hundred thousand dollars in coaching on this exact topic
 So like it was so crazy when I was working with Katie and like lots of other people
 Have you ever read a book a psychosybernetics? Yes, dude that book chain
 That was the first personal development book I ever read I'm trying to buy the rights to that book right now
 Just dude, dude. Ah, it's so good. Why do you do cool stuff?
 Like I read that book and it I mean it completely changed my my hope perspective on life
 Right and and for the premise of the book for those of you don't know there's a guy
 He's he's a he was a plastic surgeon
 He did like rebuilds people's faces and stuff and he realized that when he would make even the smallest tweaks in people's faces
 That it would change their entire life like everything about their life
 And their change based on how they saw themselves like basically in the mirror, right?
 And so this whole premise of the identity part of it is like
 When you have an identity shift you actually believe it now and there's so many people that are like they like want something
 But the reason they don't do it is because they don't believe it's possible
 They don't believe they don't see themselves as the person that's able to do that right and so like one of the things
 I thought about doing with the podcast, you know, sometime down the road is like
 openly dream 100 people like how cool it be to like have on the board of like hey guys
 We're all dream 100 in Elon Musk right now, right?
 Like how cool that but it's like if you have the identity like I'm gonna dream 100 Elon Musk
 Then all the sudden it just becomes like oh for the x3 5 10 years like it doesn't matter if you haven't gotten there yet
 That's just who you are. It's just what you're trying to do
 It's just what you're doing and by default your brain starts thinking differently. So anyway, I love that
 I don't want to take any more out of that
 But like that one concept changed my whole entire life of understanding that if you shift your identity by default
 You'll get to where you want to go. Yeah, it's yeah, it's huge
 and again
 I look at the things I've been successful in my life and and again looking backwards. I was like oh my gosh
 I didn't realize but I had an identity shift
 Tangible and in fact I remember the day that it happened and it changed everything for me
 It was the day I became a wrestler today became an entrepreneur today like it shifts things and so ah
 Anyway, so that's number one so identity now under identity feel get the way my graphic identity at the top
 And there's three kind of pillars that go underneath identity
 And they're all super powerful and they all have different purposes and things but
 So if you look at one of the legs under identity is beliefs
 like what do you believe and beliefs are cool because beliefs I feel like beliefs can change and
 but like like
 I actually like what are the beliefs I need to have to be able to achieve this thing, right?
 Like if I believe that making money is difficult
 I am not ever gonna make money if I believe making money is easy
 It's gonna be really easy for me to make money, right? If I believe I'm a good athlete
 I'm gonna be a good athlete. I believe that I
 Like eating healthy is gonna make me have more success
 I'm probably need more healthy and so the second phase is like figure out what are these beliefs that you need to have and some of them
 You already have inherently a lot of them you don't yet
 And so that's why like when you have this identity it's like well, man
 If I want to be world-class wrestler, what do world-class wrestlers believe?
 I want to be an entrepreneur what do world-class entrepreneurs believe right like what are those beliefs and sitting down physically?
 I've been doing this recently
 This is part of my New Year's thing I'm doing now is I'm really listening like here are all the things I either believe or I need to believe
 Do you believe to be able to hit this goal, right?
 And so I start writing out these beliefs now the thing about beliefs as hard as is
 Just by you writing down like I believe this thing
 I naturally mean you're gonna believe that thing and this is where this is where
 Like most of personal development is affecting this tier this leg of this of this thing
 It's like I've got it like if I need to believe I need to be successful
 Like I'm gonna go read a bunch of Tony Robbins books because he's gonna help me instill this belief in me until I actually believe it
 Or I'm gonna list a bunch of podcasts or whatever that thing might be right or if I I believe that eating healthy is gonna make me more successful
 Like you may say I know I need that belief
 I don't really believe right now. That's why I keep going back to cookies and candies and candy's nice come or whatever
 Right so like you need to steal that belief
 So it's like this is where a personal development comes is like okay
 If like if I if I if I believe this belief is gonna help me get the thing I need to do
 I need to go listen to everybody that's talking about health or fitness or whatever that is until that
 Belief becomes so ingrained in like my psyche that like now I actually believe it because when I believe it now
 It becomes it becomes really easy to do
 I when I believed I was when I believed in wrestling that if I got on top of anybody in this country that I could turn them
 Then guess what it's like on top of anybody in this country
 I could turn them right because I believed it at such a deep level
 I always tell people like my core job at ClickFunnels to be like the belief cheerleader like find you guys to believe in yourselves
 Like that's it because it's not that difficult like all these things are not hard the hardest thing is getting you to believe
 It's actually going to work right and believe that if I buy ads it's gonna work believing that I think I'm gonna lose money on the front end
 But it's gonna be successful. I believe that if I put myself myself out there, it's not gonna be scary
 I believe so it's like I gotta get you to believe those things
 But if you can do it then becomes easy
 So I look at like who's already achieved what I want what are the things that they believe and then I gotta start
 Focusing on like getting those beliefs wired into my brain so that I actually believe them
 Okay, yeah, and I always tell people it's like
 The biggest problem we have as humans is like we always want to try to like conform the world to what conform the world to what we believe
 And that's not the right strategy. I especially see this religion all the time
 We're like people like they're trying to convince like like this is what God should believe
 It's like no no like if you really want to be successful like in religion
 Like you have to feel what is God believe and then you shift your beliefs to that
 You don't try to like bend God's will to yours like that's that's insane like why would you think that's okay?
 That's like we need to believe that he believes it's not trying to get him to believe what I believe right and that's like the extreme example
 Is religion in God but it's true in anything right like if I was gonna be a basketball player
 I would go figure out what Michael Jordan believes I would I would do everything I can to believe what he believes
 I would not be trying to like conform Michael Jordan
 Believe patterns to mine okay because he's done it and I haven't yet right and so that's next step
 It's like is figuring out like what are the beliefs?
 I have to have to be successful
 And then I got to go and like start plugging this stuff into my ears and my head be reading and listening and everything
 Until these beliefs become so real that they become they become real
 Because that's the hardest thing beliefs are the one the other two
 I'm gonna share are much more simpler
 I think beliefs are the ones that are like like they come and they go and it's like this is where it takes the mental mind
 Power to like make those things actually stick that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, no for sure. Yeah
 I have so many thoughts on that but the sake of time like oh my gosh believe
 I think that's the hardest thing like you said it's like one of the hardest things though
 And but I love the religion example because it's like
 What was that there's that one quote on it that says we will question everything except for the things we truly believe
 Yeah, right and it's like when it like religion is a perfect example of this
 It's like I believe that Jesus came down down the cross for my sins like I believe that I never I never
 I've never even questioned it and I've questioned pretty much everything in my belief
 But I'm like if I believe Christianity to be true
 I by default believe that right right like I believe that that happened and so what like when I talked to people that don't have that
 World view it's like
 You're not even having the same conversation like it's not even worth debating on some particular topic about right or wrong with it
 It's like they don't believe this and I do and there's like it's a fundamental different thing about you
 So yeah anyway, yeah talk a million years like like so I'm a mission for my church
 Sorry not to get religion
 But I that same thing I was not knocking on doors telling people about God about Jesus and also I rise
 Oh my gosh like most people don't believe in this right like it was freaky for me like all the way back to like do
 I actually believe in Christ
 I actually believe there's a God and I had to question those things and figure it out and get the belief and then
 It is strengthened everything I was doing moving forward but same thing in anything. We're doing life. So beliefs are
 Please we'll do them or we'll do them more in episode
 I have questions for you on that. I got to finish the podcast first. I'll be done. Yeah, well that'll come once I'm once
 I know everything you believe Rosal then I'm gonna come question you on it. Yeah, I'm excited
 One thing to be cool if you guys want if you if you type in to Google type in Tom bill you impact theory beliefs
 He actually has a list that he makes all the people who joins members site go through these belief patterns and they're fascinating
 And it's it's seeing Tom like mapping out for his community
 Here's the beliefs that we have as a community if we're gonna have the impact
 And so it's worth it to go look at his beliefs. It's
 As related to his members in his members platform
 But it's something like you guys can use this as well if you're a serving group launch from your group of
 Whoever you're serving when they come in like helping them to identify and straight like these are bleep
 You have to have to be successful in our world and Tom did it such a cool way
 I've not yet done that in my world, but I'm planning on that because again if people are joining my coaching program
 They want to become more like me therefore. What do I believe that got me here?
 I need to be able to identify those things and give them to people and then help drill those things into their mind because
 That's what's gonna be successful as they believe those things and so belief is just anyway
 It's we go again. This is another three day man. Just on
 Who okay all those today that you are are not simpler, but they're easier
 Okay, so we have identity to top right identity shift boom beliefs and again map these things out
 You guys like literally between now and New Year's or whatever your list is sit down and write out
 Here's all the beliefs I have to believe to be able to be successful in this thing
 I'm trying to figure out
 And for me it's funny as I've been doing this I've been listening a lot of Tony Robin stuff or reading Napoleon Hill
 Or like like Tony will tell you like when he speaks
 He's like you've got to believe this and he like shares a belief
 I'm sorry putting those things like I want to keep building up my belief
 Like these are all things I believe in because if I can believe those things in myself again
 my likelihood of success, so this is it this
 This is like an ever-going thing. It's not just like here's my beliefs and it's done
 It's like right you're hearing speed speakers or podcasts or books or whatever like oh, this is the belief
 I need to have like I see why this is such a powerful thing
 So adding these things into into your version of your beliefs. Okay, the next one so you have your beliefs
 Next one I'm gonna go to is values and values and beliefs like are very similar
 But values I feel like are more so
 I believe certain things that I've got to be working on to get myself to believe things move forward values
 Like what I actually value like for me like I value hard work
 Okay, in fact, I have so many friends who their beliefs are different like one of my really good friends John Jonas who owns online jobs
 At pH super successful company great entrepreneur
 But he values being able to work as little as humanly possible to still make money
 And he does and he's been very successful
 I value working my face off because like my whole value system growing up was like wrestling like we worked hard
 I get at work everybody so my value hard work and I love it and I enjoy it and I'm never gonna like my values
 Not John's and that's okay, and if they're gonna be different
 But I need to know what my values are because if I'm gonna go into something
 It's like if this is not aligned with my values
 I'm not gonna have success with it. So I need to know what my values actually are and so what are the things you value?
 I value hard work. I value
 I value giving I value creation I value like
 You know
 Top I had to have my list here, but like like what are the things you actually value?
 Okay, and then is your little you know hard work has to be on the close horse top of that list because that's the one that came out first
 When you can't remember anything else and for sure for me it is it's such a it's such a core value
 But like if me and John were both not the same goal
 Which is like this girl company by whatever he's gonna struggle because his values not gonna be hard work
 And vice versa for he's like I want to take 45 days of vacation every single month
 Like that goal is never gonna work for me because I don't value those things like he does and so it's gonna be a constant
 Odds with ourselves, right?
 So listen out like here's all the values you have and understanding those things and again you can shift your values and values change but but values
 Values are harder to change I believe I believe I can change not faster
 But like those things are multiple or values like based on my life experience these things I value and those things are there
 They're not gonna shift or disappear or leave like these are my values very rarely. Yeah
 Yeah, yeah
 But if I list those things and I can look at like as I'm trying to become this person like these fit in my values
 If not, it's like how do I structure this in a way where it still fits and still congruent my values
 Because otherwise you're gonna be odds of yourself and I know so many people like they value
 You know they've won value, but they have a goal and those things are at odds each other
 That's what they never succeed because they're they just I want this goal, but I don't value this therefore you can't you can't hit it
 So yeah, so beliefs values and the last ones are your rules. Okay, and your rules right?
 You set up these it's almost like like guideposts to get the thing right so when I was wrestling
 I had a lot of rules my rules were like I do not cut corners
 I have a story behind that but I do cut corners. I don't drink carbonation
 I I
 One of my other rules was like I'll never go more than 24 hours out doing some kind of cardio because I had a belief that
 After 24 hours if I haven't worked out that my cardio would drop down
 I didn't want to lose anything so I had a rule say I cannot work out
 So I could take Sunday off. I can't take Saturday and Sunday right like I had I had a rule of like no more than 24 hours of no cardio
 I had rules of what time woke up in the morning what time went to bed
 I had like all these rules and rules bleed into routines, right?
 So like you set these rules and from there you create a routine
 So looking back like here's the goal I have I'm moving forward definite purpose
 Here's all the rules I have to create to like give me boundaries to make sure that I move forward and I hit those things
 And so for me my rules right now, right? Okay
 I have to make sure I write for two hours every morning before I come in because if I don't do that none of my writing gets done
 I have to go and you know
 I have a rule about this and roll about this and like I have these different rules
 I create for myself to give me boundaries to build actually hit my hit my goal
 And then the rules again
 Here's the rules the rules turn into root are translated into routines, right?
 So here's my rules I tie these in my morning routines my afternoon routines my ever trains
 And now I've got that the the things that need to guide me to the goal
 Whoo, so there's a lot of stuff in there. That's really really good though
 I feel like like if someone were to just go and apply that right there that sounds simple
 But it's not yeah, right like if you were to actually go sit down like that you could map out that for a while
 And I see why you wanted to like a three day three day event on or something like that
 Be awesome like to kind of go each through each one of those because you're literally rewriting
 So how I think of the mind is I think of the mind is a computer system and then the story
 The master story, huh?
 The master of your mind right, but the master story is the computer program that you program it right so there's like
 There's the windows operating system on side of a computer
 Right or the map and so it's like you take your the master story is like the operating system and by going through and like identifying and writing down
 Those three things it's like you're you're rewriting your operating system
 I'll almost that but or if you've never done it you're writing your operating system because your subconscious mind by default
 Then just carries that 80% of the way right and that's like the coolest thing is like if you can just switch your subconscious mind
 80% of the work is done. I'll do it for you right you only got about that last 20%
 So that's super cool. Yeah, so if we recap this really quick for those who like I want to do this exercise with my kids
 My family about myself. I sit down and say okay. What's the hall of fame go like where where do you want to go someday?
 Right so you've got that right then from there say what's the super bowl go?
 That's what I'm gonna accomplish the next 12 months
 Here's my super bowl goal and I have that and so okay now to do this
 I gotta have desire and I gotta have definite it's the purpose means like I have to really really want the singers not gonna
 happen like what do I want it? How do I amplify that desire my head and where am I going right now?
 We come back. So okay. What's the identity? I need to take on to be able to achieve the same right and be specific with identity
 I'm a wrestler versus I'm a world-class wrestler versus I'm a state. I'm you know, I'm an Olympic level wrestler
 Right, so here's identity to have so write that down that identity is just one thing like this is the one thing
 I am then it's like now
 What are all the beliefs I have that I need to have to be successful in this thing?
 Okay, I got to believe this I got to believe this I got to believe this this what I already do believe like
 But a lot of it's like new beliefs. I need to create to be able to be successful
 Right and then like here are the things I value and making sure I'm not in the light out of alignment
 I can't value this I value things I value and then here's the rules
 I need to create for myself to make sure I actually move forward and hit that thing
 Mmm, I'm gonna take these rules
 I'm gonna convert them into routine to make sure that I'm in the the guardrails to my success
 And so that's kind of the the pieces and not so much fun like again this could be this will be a book
 Someday if I ever get it done, but these are the pieces that are there also we need it. Come on, man
 Not like your life's busy. I'm done
 I'm working my fastest. It's gonna be amazing. So anyway, I hope that helps you guys as you're sitting down this year
 This is literally what I'm doing. We're recording us December 28th. I've been kind of mapping these things out
 My goal is January 1st. I'm waking up and I'm just gonna sit down
 I'm gonna flush these things spend hours is kind of putting it again
 I'm in percuating on them and like and taking notes on stuff
 I'm gonna make make this like map it out. I haven't printed out and like this is this is the next 12 months of my life
 This is the goal. This is where we're going and moving forward definite purposes. I'm gonna just apply my desire
 Here's the identity. I got to take on to make it successful
 Here's my beliefs my rules my values and let's go and start running so okay one more super rapid fire question
 Then we can wrap it up. Okay. Do you have a coach that helps you with this or do you do it all yourself? Oh?
 very good question, um, so
 During my life, I always go on off with different coaches that have helped different parts right now. I do not have a
 Coach, how do you say this right without being creepy? I don't have a coach who's living right now
 Right now. I am looking at authors of my coach and for me right now
 And a point you know is the person I'm focusing on who I'm literally going through
 so much of his stuff right now and and having him accountable to me
 I will in the near future rehire and a coach to help me, but I'm still trying to like
 I don't know if that makes sense or not, but I'm trying to know for sure. Yeah
 Anyway, all right. Thanks Russell. I hope you guys enjoy it
 If you enjoyed this episode with me and Josh, please let us know just take a screenshot of the the the podcast on yap
 Tag me in it. I let us know your favorite thing best takeaway and
 Without said, I hope you guys enjoy the new year planning it out
 And I want you to all hit your Super Bowl goals or next 12 months. Let's do it if you do that you'll change the world
 And you're on little way, and it'll be awesome. So thanks Josh. Thanks everybody
 And we'll see you guys on the next episode
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the
 Future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost twenty thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter calm. Not only you can get the twenty thousand dollar gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
