 Good morning everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast. I've got a really special episode for you guys today
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody and then to the office a little later today and it's fun
 I'm leaving the offices this guy that works on our yard all the time. He's Eric and he is awesome
 And it's so funny cuz every time I see him. I'm like, how you doing?
 He's like I'm working. What are you doing? And he always teasing me cuz he's out there sweating like crazy
 I'm like I gotta work so I can pay for you dude. You're expensive
 Him and his old crew, and so it's got a funny so today. I just saw him a second ago
 He's like where are you going? I'm like I gotta go pay for you guys. I'm gonna make some money
 so it's always fun how
 The the more money you're able to make the more jobs you can create
 We got a whole team of people at house right now doing stuff working on stuff and so
 Don't forget that the more you do the more jobs you able to create so all right
 on to the lesson for today, so
 I have a friend and it was awesome. I knew really really well back in the day back back in the beginning this podcast
 You may remember I talked about a company that we were building called ripplin that we were able to like 1.5 1.6 million followers in
 like six weeks and holding collapse because well
 I want to go into that but it's it's all gone disappeared and I was really sad, but one of the guys I met
 when I was there during the process, his name was Mark Overson and
 Mark's a really really good dude. I really enjoyed him. I liked him
 I had a couple like intimate moments with him. We're had a chance to see him
 Working with younger people who were coming up new in the industry and just saw how he treated them and helped them in support of them
 and just always had a lot of respect for the guy and I
 Found out about a year ago. I didn't know this the time he had come down with a type of pancreatic cancer
 same type of cancer that
 see jobs passed away from I guess a super rare and
 People don't people don't live through it and I think he was supposed to I don't know
 I don't remember the whole story
 I'm supposed to be given like four or five months to live and he ended living for almost five years afterwards
 And a big part of was he thought he said, you know, I'm not gonna rock until people we have camp
 I've cancer I'm just gonna live my life and live to the fullest and I'm gonna I'm gonna just go all out like that
 he did and lived
 an amazing four or five years longer and this weekend he actually just passed away and
 He's a guy if you go back and search his name you can find cool stuff that he published in videos and
 You know left behind a beautiful wife and amazing kids and it's just really you know really sad thing
 But what's my fun is this weekend people are all posting tributes to him and his life and his legacy and things that he did and
 One of my friends
 Actually posted
 An entire video from a presentation he did at his event so I was watching this morning and
 I was just fun to see him in action back
 back in his heyday and see him on stage and a couple things that went to my head one was like how grateful that I am that I have a
 chance to to write books and to
 Do videos and things like that that that will extend beyond my death right when I pass away people still be able to see me on YouTube and through
 Books and I think that's that's a big part of it for all of you guys who want to figure how to live forever
 a big part of this by is by
 Publishing things that that live beyond you. So that's kind of one thought but the second one was even cooler
 He said a quote in his speech. It was just really cool
 He said if you become a hero maker your army will be amazing
 so if you become a hero maker your army will become amazing and
 When he said that I was thinking about it. I think about like business and how
 You know a lot of times we try to position ourselves as the hero right
 But then the real magic comes when you become a hero maker and you make heroes
 Excuse me out of the people that you're serving out of your customers your clients and things like that and
 If you do that you have an army people who love you and support you because you've made them heroes and
 The speech he was giving I think jail the John they do miss
 Entrepreneur on fire was the next speaker up. He's talking about Johnny
 See you know this guy is interviewing a new person every single day and he's putting on it on his platform and making them a hero
 To other people is that you know when you when you die someday
 If you've been making other people heroes like imagine how how people will love you and come back to you and connect with you and
 I thought that was super. I was just super cool
 Especially kind of in the context of you know this weekend and the other cool thing that mark
 Then we're on to say in this presentation
 We said you know things like what I found the best way to make money is he's like
 I'm always got my eyes open looking for the stories of people who are using my product and my service
 Are they're doing that it's like and then I try to take those people I make them the hero
 So that's the big secret. That's the big thing that we all have to understand
 It's not you talking about great you are and you brag me how much money you made or how how much weight you lost those things
 It's it's becoming a hero maker like your job as the expert as the as the person who's helping in serving is not to
 Increase your status and in your stature is to help other people and then as you do to turn those stories
 It turned those people into heroes and when you do that
 That's how your company will grow up so your business will grow those the best hooks and the angles and the offers and the things that will come because you're doing that
 You know if you look at what we know if I click fun, I was like
 I've tried to do that and this was kind of what you called me to do even better
 I try to look at our customers and our and our success stories and then make them the heroes, right?
 how many videos we published telling the stories of our two common couple winners and our minor circle members and all these people that are having success like I
 make them the hero and
 You know when you think about that just like he he said the quote there like you become the hero maker
 Your army will be amazing and I look now what we've built click fun
 It's like it's been interesting to see that like this army of people who use us who support us
 I think a big part is because we've made people heroes who've made our customers heroes and we'll continue to do that and so for you
 You know, I just wanted to kind of bring that to you today. I thought it was a really profound thing that I heard this morning as I was getting ready and
 Yeah, just just I think it's cool become a hero maker. Like what a cool tagline what a cool mission
 Like what do you do? Like I'm a hero maker. I I help people with the things I'm good at and then when they have success
 I make them the hero. I bring them up. I tell their story
 I bring on podcasts and videos and sales letters and all those things like I tell their story
 I mean I make them heroes and when you do that you're following your army of people will be will be amazing
 They'll be grateful to be loyal because you made them heroes
 So I hope there's some value in that for you guys today. I know for me it really hit home and
 Just looking back on Mark Coversen's life and reflecting on you know the few times I had a chance to interact with him and
 And now looking at this outpouring of love as he you know, he passed on
 And just looking at me someone who did that who he was a hero maker. He brought people up and he he
 Wasn't just about him like when I saw the sign those times into a moment kind of behind the scenes
 I was watching him taking these young kids who were you know 20 something years old and he was
 I think he was 39 years old. He passed away. So the time he was probably 30 34 35
 He's taking these these kids are 10 15 years younger than him and taking them under his wing and like helping them and nurturing them and
 Trying to to give them the success so that he can turn them into heroes
 And I think that's really profound and it's something that I hope that when I pass away someday. That's the legacy that I leave behind
 So yeah, I thought I showed you guys hope that helps you all today in your journey
 Appreciate you all thanks for listening and we'll talk to you as long as soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 [APPLAUSE]
