 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to marketing seekers podcast
 I've got some cool stuff shared with you today. I'm not gonna lie. I am excited. So it's cute theme song and I'll be right back
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody it has been a little while since I recorded podcasts we've had a whole bunch of the queue which has been nice
 But the queue ends today
 So my brother's like you need to record a podcast and the reason why I haven't been doing it is because I have like four or five
 In my notes that I want to do like for example, I just got back from
 I guess just a couple weeks now
 But a Disney cruise is my kids for a week which was the same
 We said a huge goal with them
 And I want to talk about that and then number two of went straight from Disney cruise to Puerto Rico to hang out with
 haunted amazing people like Brendan Bouchard and
 And
 The list is huge Rachel Hollis Lewis house
 Anyway, I'm not gonna wrap rid of all the names right now, but how much amazing people I want to do whole podcast about what I learned and
 cool stuff there and then
 Sense and have been home about those stuffs been happening
 I got like four or five that I want to share but I'm gonna jump this one up in the queue because for two reasons
 number one is
 Right now I'm actually sitting here in my office of my house with a huge ice pack on my neck and
 The other two the other three or four take a little more preparation
 This one I want to share with you because I think it's it's super important
 But before I share this this thought
 Some of you guys wondering where else why do you have a big ice pack on your neck? So here's the reason
 In a week from tomorrow, I'm flying to Vegas and I'm gonna be standing on a scale to weigh in for my first wrestling tournament in
 almost 18 years
 so
 Yeah, and I'm really excited
 You know, I remember when my senior year in college. I went to the to the national tournament. I remember that they had
 Just opened a new division which called the veterans division and there are these dudes are like 80 85 years old out there wrestling
 And I remember thinking like I want to like I hope that's me someday
 I hope that when I'm 80 years old I still come out here and I wrestle and then fast forward
 I didn't end up doing good
 my senior year I kind of
 Missed my goals and I was gonna spiral into like some horrible depression, but instead I
 I shifted over and
 and
 and focused
 all my efforts on
 business which is how I was business and
 You know long story short it's been 17 18 years. I haven't wrestled and competed and I miss it
 And I want to and the open nationals are happening next week
 And so two years ago when my buddies that I was wrestling with he went and I know about it
 And he went and he came back and told me about it. I was like, well, I want to go dude
 Let's go next year
 So next year we're gonna go and then I had booked my inner circle meetings at the sack same time
 And so he was gonna go and then we were wrestling an accidentally threw him a torus shoulder out
 So he wasn't able to go so this year I was like, okay, I moved my inner circle meetings all around so I could have April open to be able to go this tournament
 And then and then I had something crazy things happening to basically like when all said that I was gonna have two weeks to train for this tournament
 And two weeks started like a week ago today and so my very first practice on Saturday
 One of our funnel hackers George Ivanoff. He's a he's actually a Bulgarian Olympian
 He was a flaky live and I told him I was gonna compete and he's like, I want to be your coach
 So he flew out last Saturday and we wrestled our first practice. It was so much fun. Like she's like, oh, this is great
 And it's funny because again, I haven't wrestled in almost 18 years. So I slow I was you know
 It's not good
 But it was it was just fun
 I missed it so much and then Monday with a second practice and within like 10 minutes of practice starting something happened to my neck
 And I tore it and it wasn't just a tear like I've had sore muscles before it's like like shocking like someone
 Hooking a electroid up to your up to your nervous system like shock your whole body
 You know every time you move your head the point I can even finish the practice
 And I was like, oh my gosh, this hurts really really bad. It's not just a muscle restraint
 It's like nerve damage and so then I did what Russell Brunson normally does instead of just like you know
 I'm gonna I'm gonna ice it for a little bit. I was like, okay, I gotta do everything possible. So, you know five instead I call
 Chad my chiropractor and I'm like come on over speaking in my office and adjusting me that I called my buddy
 Who's an acupuncturist and he was over a few hours later giving me acupuncture and then I'm taking all these herbs and medicines and pills and powders and that night
 I sat in the cryosana and then I messaged on on Instagram
 Like if you have any crazy remedies to heal a jack-dip nerve, please send them to me
 So I started getting in the mail supplements and creams and powders and pills and and I I was going to acupunctur and chiropractor every single day
 And I was doing everything like anyway, so fast forward now. It's been a week and today first
 I wrestled my I wrestled wrestling practice and
 It was tough because I saw the sharp nerve pain
 I was able to go through and actually for the most part finished it it was it hurt
 But I just got done a little bit of going on icing it so anyway
 It was crazy because because weigh-ins are a week from tomorrow
 I've had two wrestling practices technically and I'm gonna be going in against guys who've been wrestling for a long time. So
 Anyway, I'm I'm sure it'll be it'll be a rude awakening for me to find out how far gone
 I am from from wrestling shape of 18 years ago
 But nevertheless, I'm still excited to go out there and just compete even if I lose on my matches
 I just want to go out there and do it again and start at the clock of like this something I do every single year
 I know a lot of people go and they train for marathons. They do every single year like I'm not a marathon runner
 I'm a wrestler
 So I'm just gonna once a year do this tournament and I'm just gonna put on my calendar and just do it one big differences between now
 Next year, I'm gonna definitely strengthen my neck a lot more so I can handle all these young whippers nappers hanging on my neck trying to choke me out
 But anyway, that's what's happening. So I'm excited but what was interesting is
 There's been kind of a recurring theme last like week or so that I wanted to share it through here and
 Because I think it's I think it's important
 In all things and I look at this from
 you know some of the the conversation start with chiropractic or acupuncture or
 Business or whatever, but it's like you know, there's a lot of people that do every job, right?
 There's interesting people who know how to do the thing and people who are artists at the thing, right?
 And artists is somebody who's like obsessed with it. Like I know I've gotten massage a lot of times
 I was like oh, it was a good massage and somebody's even massage right somebody you're like, oh my gosh
 This person like this is their art you can tell wasn't just like oh, I did the thing
 I rubbed your shoulders rubbed your arms flipped you over up shoulder rubbed your arms
 You're not right it's like some people it's an art form and you can tell like it's just it's different it's special
 And they put more time and energy and effort into every single thing
 It's interesting actually last year when I was in Kenya
 We were on a plane and one of the guys who was was with this Chad Collins
 We were we were talking and he said he said you know when I first got your dot-com secrets book
 He's like I started reading it in the very intro. He started talking about how you were collecting junk mail and how you were
 How you were you know buying Don the pre courses when you were 12 and you were quoting Don the pre and Dan Kennedy and Gary
 How are things and he's like he's like when I picked that book
 I realized that you weren't just like another marketer like you were an artist like this is something that you
 Like you geek out about it
 you go you go deep to a different level than anybody else and remember when he said that I was like oh super cool and and
 and
 You know it's interesting as you work with people you can tell there's two types people people who are good at the thing and the people who are the true artists
 and I'm telling you guys this because um
 You know I think a lot of times when you guys come into this business with industry and you're trying to figure this stuff out
 You know I do the thing it's like if you do the thing
 That's good, but if you really want to make money like you have to become an artist
 Right, I can't be just like oh, yeah, I learned this thing there from a teacher
 It's like you have to be obsessed with the art of whatever your your craft is right like that's what attracts people to you
 That's what gets people to refer you. That's what gets you know, that's what that that's what makes you special
 He's not like oh, yeah, I can do the thing just like everybody else
 Right like there's a million people that teach marketing
 There's millions of people to do marketing, but like why have why have I gotten so much attention is because like for me
 This this isn't just I do the thing. This is art for me, right?
 Like I could stop building funnels a long long long time ago, right?
 But why do I do it consistently?
 Why do we have a marketing mean this morning talking about the five new funnels working?
 You know, why do I have my building teams of designers and copywriters and funnel builders and traffic people?
 It's like because for me, this isn't just me making money. This is my art. This is how I do it and I obsess with it like and
 I want to keep doing it
 I don't want to stop doing it just because I'm making money isn't I stop doing it like for true artists
 They're not in it because of the money they're in it because of the art, you know
 one of the funny stories when we were in in in Puerto Rico
 I was having dinner with Rachel and Dave Hollis
 Who if you guys are Rachel, she's one of the wrote girl wash your face now girls stop apologizing
 And she had the number two best-selling book of all of all last year next to Michelle Obama's and
 She's just killing it and I was sitting there and we were talking about you know funnels as I do and I was
 Get all excited and I was just like geeking out on it and and Dave
 Dave so funny. You said something like
 This is Rachel's husband. It was there sitting with me and he was like
 Man, he's like I am excited about my my kids. I'm excited about my family with some of my business
 But I've never been excited about anything like you were excited about funnels
 And I was like oh
 I know I just this is like my art and I can see it like when I see someone who's got a message or a thing
 And I can see how how my art can help amplify what they're doing and just it gets me so excited more than anything
 right like
 so for you, I just want to
 I'm trying to to give you guys something where I want you to take a stop and like an inward look at yourself
 And then I came the thing that I'm doing that I'm selling them teaching them whatever
 like
 Am I just doing this because it's like the thing that happened to do or is it like your art like are you obsessed with it?
 Like when you go to bed at night
 Do you do you think about it when you're out walking around all day is on your is on your mind?
 Would you do it for free if if you had to just because it's like it's it lights you up that much
 If so then that's your art if not, it's like okay either you need to start getting more obsessed like become become like hyper obsessed with it
 Or like find something else you are obsessed about and focus there
 Don't just do the thing because you think it's gonna be the most money
 Find the thing you're most obsessed about and that will bring you the most money and by the way the most happiness as well
 Which is way more important you will find very quickly that money is not by happiness
 But doing what you're obsessed with by doing your art that does bring happiness that does
 That does that does light you up like nothing else. So
 That's what I recommend doing you guys is either take your thing that you're doing double down triple down 100x down and make it become your art or
 Shift and start focusing on your art. If I go my art can't make any money
 It's like no like I look at a dude like Wim Hof
 I don't know if you study Wim Hof, but he's this guy they call me Iceman and he goes and he like
 Does cold plunges and cold bass and walks on glacier takes people on hikes and glaciers like in bare feet and shorts, right?
 Like it's like this dude who walks in ice like there's no money in that right?
 It's like no this dude is obsessed with it
 It's become an art and because they created books and courses and events and all these things because because it's an art to him
 Right when you're obsessed and it becomes an art like people see that and they're like why is this guy so excited about funnels about walking on ice or about
 Biohacking or be an acar practice or an acupuncture or whatever like the more obsessed you are with your craft
 The more people will notice and they will start coming to you in in droves. They will flock to you because of that
 So there's my message for today
 You know because I've had a chance during this especially during this last week to work people who are definitely good at what they do
 And I've had a chance work people who are true artists and want to recommend to you like become a true artist
 It'll mean everything to to your clients to your business your happiness into your bottom line
 So all right guys, that's all I got I'm heading today and go do my art and I am so excited for it
 And I hope you are excited about yours as well. Thanks everybody and we'll talk soon. Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
