 What's up everybody this is Russell. I'm here with Dave and Steven. What's up guys?
 Welcome marking podcast marketing seekers podcast. We have special edition happening right now
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Okay, so we just got done we had there's a little Boise mastermind group
 that they meet every
 Every month around different places and we never had a chance to go
 But we went we actually hosted here in the Clickphones offices tonight
 So we put the kids to bed and come here and we're here for four hours or so talking about all sorts of stuff
 So we said a really cool conversation
 while Dave went back into the bathroom and he missed it and he's like sharpens fault. Yeah
 Alex
 Alex this podcast about the number one
 supplement for entrepreneurs and ends up being water and then like
 Three gallons later. Yeah, then he it's like really convincing like you should listen to it now like we're all obsessed
 Yeah, well, I know enough that I'm just drinking a lot of water
 Like it kind of freaks us out
 So we were drinking insane amounts of water. So it's like bathroom breaks every 30 seconds
 Dave's like I don't know about them and then he missed a huge conversation
 So I got to re-state retell it and so I might as well retell right now with you guys because it was actually really interesting so
 What we're talking about here. I'm gonna blackface and come here. Okay, but there be light. All right, so what we're talking about
 You get some being into your camera. I can talk to somebody some awkward
 So those who are listening if no idea what's happening
 But those watching the video we're from the Clickphones offices night at time when under the street light anyway, okay
 so I was listening to a podcast that Ryan diced on the perpetual traffic talking about the chat books
 viral video and
 He basically played it positive played by the time talked about what we talked about was like the before state and the after state
 The woman that video which he is in the video
 I see you have this in the video go to harm her brothers calm and click on the chat books
 Videos probably the best I say probably their best viral videos really really good
 But he's talking about the before state in the after state and how
 How good that video did like here's here's here's where she was that before here's where you'd be after the product before after before after
 We start talking about how like the big secret to copy into sales is contrast
 And I saw like 10 years ago. I went through course map theory talked about contrast
 He said like contrast is the key to everything right like
 Because you have the contrast of like of where they're at and where they want to go and then and then the your your
 Message in the middle there. That's what creates the desire for them to go from this to this. So he talked about emails
 It's like in the course I was studying with Matt fear was email marketing. It was like, you know every every good emails all tons of contrast like light and dark happy sad fat skinny
 Rich poor like the contrast is what makes it interesting and then it was what creates the desire to go from before state to the after state
 And that's the whole key is the contrast
 And so a lot of people never think about that, but it's like as you're writing the emails think about the contrast the before state
 I didn't dice the way to run dice explain was before stating after state which was brilliant
 In fact, I'd never looked I'd never watched on the chat books video through that lens before
 But if you watch that lens of like the before state in the after state you see it over and over
 I see she's in the tub at first and she's like the smiling mom and the bathtub
 It's like oh, this is like nice thing that she stands up
 She's fully clothed and like and her kids in the tub with their like I fell in while he's trying you know
 Timing why he's holding his breath. It's like there's the there's the before the key's transitioning back and forth
 And so in any of your communication whether you're doing storytelling or writing emails or sales letters or video whatever
 It's the contrast is the key and so with the contrast you're thinking about that like
 like you told a story about
 How fit you are nobody cares. There's no contrast right? It's like I was I was fat. I was sick
 I was not healthy
 I was whatever you tell that first and then you tell contrast the other thing and then that's what creates the
 Contrast what creates the desire for somebody to change
 Which is what they need to have to give you money and that kind of stuff
 So the contrast is a secret to and showing the before sitting in the after state. That's that's that's the magic. So
 Yeah, we got to rewrite the expert secrets book stop the press is let's add in this thing anyway
 Yeah, we just kind of have that epiphany as we're talking so there you go contrast added everything you do
 create to create the before states in the after states and
 It's really fascinating. So watch that watch it in the viral videos watch it in email watching
 Thank you as you're watching good marketers try to notice the contrast
 because the
 The better the contrast the more desires created and so watch how they do it watch how I do it watch other people do it
 That's the secret. So there you go guys marking secret number whatever we're on. Hope you guys like that
 That said it's time for us to go home and go to bed. So bye everybody
 Want more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called calm secrets
 And you get your free copy at calm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back fast startup company in the world
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
