 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone, so hope you guys are all having an amazing day
 I'm home after two days of Inner Circle Master my meetings, which have been insanely cool
 All the groups are so amazing, but this one was
 Like emotional I think
 Everybody in the group tried at least once or twice or something. It was crazy amazing so amazing
 It's an honor to be part of it and be able to hang out with
 entrepreneurs like that that are like literally changing the world in so many different markets industries and
 Which I can just tell you is all the stories from everyone, but it was amazing
 And then we got the last group group four coming the next two days
 So it's been fun and stressful and exciting all wrapped into to one amazing thing also. It's been fun
 I mentioned a while ago how hired a new coach
 and
 It's been really really good
 He's one of the main guys over at the one thing his name is Jeff and
 It's it's it's interesting because I've read the I read the one thing book a
 while ago and remember I
 Think when I read I didn't like it
 I think it was the time that had like we just launched like 12 companies in a year and I was like
 Bitter against everyone could like recommend it to me. It was like that book and essentialism came out similar times
 And I was like yeah to read them through it in both answers like they want me to focus on one thing
 I hate that I did and so I kind of like the books and fast forward till last week
 I just kind of got back into it so in the last week literally there was so much podcasts from the one thing I
 Start reading the book
 I got the main dude coaching me Monday mornings and it's really cool. It was interesting is
 Does he start coaching me? I've had this like I
 Don't know like a big epiphany big aha big like realization is life and then as I've been coaching their circle last two days
 I'm watching it the people that are
 Like leveling up really really quickly and there's like a consistent theme
 behind all the people that are that are growing faster to those who I mean everyone's growing but like the ones who are like
 really quick and
 It's interesting because the thing it's so funny
 The thing that I got my coaching session was
 Came back to Stephen our Covey like seven houses highly affected people which I read back in high school and
 It was start with the end in mind
 It's been interesting as I've been going through my coaching stuff
 man first
 It feels like something a month because I'm a pretty quick on stuff, but
 You know first exercise you have me do is figure like where like what is your someday goal?
 Like where do you want to be someday?
 So it's not like five years from now or ten years like in the future like where like what is what is where do you really want to go?
 It's been interesting as I've kind of done this exercise
 It's it's more all come on. Yes through it is but it's more three or four times to like radically different things
 And I realized like one of the big ahas I realized went through this exercise is that I'm literally like my bit my someday goal
 I achieved it like 18 months ago. It's the last 18 months. I've been just wandering
 Without really a focus or like a go other than just more right? Which is interesting and so
 He's having to keep focusing like hey, what's what your someday goal like be and begin at the end of mine like
 like what are we trying to get to and
 So I kind of figured out initially. Okay. Here's here's here's that this is my someday goal
 Right and some people go about you your business you personally your relationships your spirituality
 Whatever I mean whatever you're you're trying to figure out for yourself
 They came back to okay
 What do you have to have accomplished within five years to be able to be on track for your someday goal?
 So I was like okay, well to that I need to have this in place
 The things you need to place in the five years and they came back a wooden youth in
 A year to go hit your five-year goal and when you think by the end of this year to hit your one-year goal
 And what do you need by the end of this week to hit your
 Your
 You know your your your your angle or your month and the month goal and so as you do this
 It's interesting because you should get more and more
 Clear on like all the steps and it was funny because it was like as I did that as I identified my
 So I had to end in mine. I should go back forward
 I got to the like the things I needed to do I looked at my to-do list and
 None of the things on my to-do list actually got me any closer to
 my someday goal
 And honestly I realize like I'm doing all these to-dos that
 Are good and make me feel good. I check off the box
 But none of them are actually moving me towards what I'm really wanting
 And it's like well, what's the one thing I need to do today?
 It's going to hit my goal for the end of this week which will hit my goal for the end of the month
 You know, blah blah blah away to the thing and as I start asking those questions that like blew my mind how
 How
 Like what the one thing is I needed to focus on it was not
 By any stretch what I thought I was going to be what I what I assumed was
 the most important thing
 And this is actually something he wanted me to come back and like refine it and changing it so I kept getting
 um
 Yeah, I mean my my my my someday goal changed three or four times and I started realizing
 um as I was looking at that like
 Like it took me a while to figure out that I don't still know if I have it completely figured out
 But I want the the message I want to share with you guys is just that is like
 Beginning with the end in mind again the inner circle members are having the most success because they have a very clear
 Like like what's
 Like the end in my like what's what is it?
 They're trying to accomplish and if there is easy to reverse engine of the funnels to make that happen
 People they're struggling. It's like they're building funnels
 To be able to sell a product or service
 Not with the end in mind. Does that make sense?
 It gets a little intricacy, but it's interesting so like
 I I've had this really cool experience over the last two days to kind of reflect and listening to all my entrepreneurs talk and teach and share what they're doing
 And really should I think in more and more like well, what's my?
 Like like what is the end like if I if I need to know really clearly what like
 For my business like I need to begin with the end in mind right like it's my goal to give people in click funnels
 My goal to give people in our two comical coaching is my goal to be a little inner circle is my
 Like what like what is the actual end goal?
 And as soon as you identify that's the end goal then it becomes really easy to say okay
 Well, if that's it
 Here are the funnels I need to reverse engineer to get people so that they will come up into that thing
 um
 like for example dean holland
 Um, what do I actually need to circle for three years now?
 And he basically over the last few months probably shut his entire company down and rebuilt from the ground up
 But this time the very clear definite like end in mind like this is where i'm trying to go
 And then because of that built out the funnels
 Very simply in order he launched in the first 20 days at 100 or built up at 106 000 recurring income
 um
 Just because he began at the end of mind and so
 um
 I think most of us including me i'm guilty of this as well like
 I mean, that's my big thing for the last two days is like, okay. What's the end goal?
 um
 From a business standpoint from a life standpoint, but also like where my take like customer journey the value ladder
 I talked a lot about in docums because we've got this value ladder taking somebody through
 But I would say even my value ladder isn't completely clearly defined like it kind of
 It's morphed and changed so much. It's like i'm really coming back now figuring that out
 um
 Dan adaric who when he did his presentation was talking about his big off high so that us as creators were i keep creating and creating and creating
 Because he's like if I look at my value ladder like it kind of goes up a little bit that sprints a lot
 Splints off like in three different places and some of us go up and some don't and like he gets really mushy really quick
 He said he realized like he had to clearly define like the value ladder i can go from here to here to here
 So now he's got like he's beginning with the end in mind
 And then what he said was interesting that I was it's funny because it's something i've been like recurring thought i've had in my mind as well was
 um
 Okay, I can't I can't keep
 Creating new stuff that just like spurts off my value ladder and shifts people all over place
 Like if I need to get my creative juices out there and create something
 The things I create need to be on the front end of the value ladder
 I think should only be free plus shipping or they should only be low ticket things to get somebody in
 But the back of the value I should never shift it should never change like that should be
 just a thing that's there and uh
 And man like I just resonate with that. I'm just like, okay
 I obviously have my value ladder i've got things in place, but I need to really
 Specify like this is the path the process the order
 Um, and then just focus on like in the front end stuff. So it's exciting
 Um, i'm working on what kind of something so cool. I wish I wish I could show you guys
 Um, you will see it soon probably about 30 days away from rolling it out
 Um, it's not like a big like product launch or anything. It's it's a subtle. It's a subtle
 um, but i'm calling an ascension funnel
 That is almost like a video game to send people through our value ladder
 And to be able to accomplish
 Um or to get people to like again the end in mind like get him to that spot
 Um, so i'm crafting we've got the design of it done. We're gotten the pieces and i'm figuring out
 Again the the path so you will see it. You'll probably start getting emails and you will
 you will
 You may not be aware of it. So please watch watch i'm doing if you see an email you click on and
 There's um a cartoon thing
 Um
 Then you know that that it's being executed. Um, i'm going to be sharing a funnel hack live though. Uh funnel hacks live
 Um
 Probably as long as it works together, which I'm pretty sure it will
 Um
 Nobody talks about ascension funnels because nobody's really executed one that i've seen successfully for almost
 Five and i've six years
 And the one i saw was just because i had intimate behind the scenes access to
 The person's business was doing it. So, um, i mean i'm going to be
 Mashing and perfecting it and then we'll be showing the funnel hacking live
 So if you haven't got your ticket yet go to funnel hacking live.com the event sells page
 We go live next week, but by the time you guys hear this it'd probably be live or close to live
 So i'm very pre-sold 1200 tickets. So, um, we don't have a ton left
 So if you want to come to the event and i know you do then i would go to funnel hacking live.com ASAP and get ready your tickets. So
 Um
 That's that's the game plan. So anyway, the last thing i just wanted to say is
 Um
 Again, so many of us we start our business with like here's a product and we start building funnels based on
 That product was nothing wrong with that. That's how most of us do is how i've done it a lot of times
 Because of that, um, I think we get lost in the weeds of where we're trying to go and then
 Oftentimes we never get there because we don't know where we're going and again as i'm working
 Um with with my coach on this which has been really fun
 Um, it's just cool because it's like i'm clearly defining
 You know, my sundae goal clearly defining the end
 And then from there i can reverse engineer all the pieces i need to make that happen
 And i think the same thing is true with funnels is just begin at the end in mind like where do you like what's the top of the value
 At like where do you really want to take people and figure that out?
 And then you can reverse engineer k to do that here the funnels i need
 And then you've you've gotten the i'll a path in a process. So anyway, it's exciting. I love it. I love this game. I love my
 Entrepreneurs. I love in your circle. I love all of you guys. I love quick funnels like
 um
 Kind of having the time of my life and hopefully
 Awesome doing it's helping do my best. It's funny. I was um
 Yeah, I was reading
 um somebody that I care about wrote a really cool post about about what we do and I was reading and then in the comments or
 Three or four people are like, I just I just don't like Russell. I just can't connect with him
 I don't like his energy and like whatever and it's just like like
 kills me because
 Anyway
 It's it's it's just tough because like i'm always trying
 to give and to serve and do whatever I can and um
 And I hate when I don't connect with everybody, but that's okay as well
 And hopefully that my message gets to you and that you're able to take whatever it is you share to people and people connect with people
 I would never connect with it. Hopefully you can connect with them and you can change them
 Um, naturally my goal. So hopefully I connect with you and if I do
 Um, that's that's the key
 And then take your energy get out there share your message that people and and change the world the way you can because um
 Unfortunately, not everyone's got always gonna like me
 And that's same for you and everyone's gonna like you but the people who who do
 um
 They they'll hear your voice and they'll come to you and you'll be able to help them and serve them and um, they'll make the quality of their life
 So much better which in return will make the quality of your life so much better
 So that's all I got tonight you guys appreciate you all
 I'm gonna go to bed get ready for an inner circle tomorrow and uh, that's about it. So see you guys soon. Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
