 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson and welcome to marking secrets
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 I mentioned the while ago how hired new coach and
 It's been really really good
 He's one of the main guys over at the one thing his name is Jeff and
 It's interesting because I've read the I read the one thing book
 A while ago and remember I think when read I didn't like it
 I think it was the time that had like we just launched like 12 companies in a year and I was like
 Bitter against everyone could like recommend it to me
 It was like that book and essentialism came out similar times and we're like yeah to read them so written both answers like
 They want me to focus on one thing. I hate that I did and so I kind of like the books
 I'm fast forward till last week and just kind of got back into it. So in the last week
 Literally listen much podcasts from the one thing. I
 Started reading the book. I got the main dude coaching me Monday mornings and it's really cool. What's interesting is
 This you start coaching me. I've had this like I
 Don't know like a big epiphany big aha big like realization as I've been coaching their circle last two days
 I'm watching it the people that
 Are like leveling up really quickly and there's like a consistent theme?
 behind
 All the people that are they're growing faster to those who I mean everyone's growing but like the ones who are like
 really quick and
 It's interesting because the thing so funny
 The thing that I got my coaching session was
 Came back to Stephen our Covey like seven halves of highly effective people which are right back in high school and
 It was start with the end in mind
 It's been interesting as I've been going through my coaching stuff
 man the first feels like tonight a month because I'm a pretty quick on stuff, but
 You know the first exercise the enemy do is figure like where like what is your someday goal?
 Like where do you want to be someday?
 So it's not like five years from now or ten years like in the future like where like what is what is where do you really want to go?
 It's been interesting as I've kind of done this exercise
 It's it's more all come on. Yes through it is
 But it's more three or four times to like radically different things and I realized like one of the big aha's I
 Really going through his exercises that I'm literally like my bit my someday goal. I achieved it like 18 months ago
 It's the last 18 months. I've been just wandering
 Without really a focus or like a go other than just more right?
 Which is interesting and so he's having to keep focusing like hey
 What's what your someday goal like be you begin at the end of my like like what are we trying to get to and?
 So I kind of figured out an issue that here's here's here's that this is my someday goal right and some people
 Goal about you your business you personally your relationships your spirituality
 Whatever I mean whatever you're trying to figure out for yourself
 Thank you back. So Kate what do you have to have accomplished within five years to be able to be on track for your someday goal?
 So it's like okay, well feel that I need to have this in place
 If they these things you need a place in the five years and they came back
 Hey, what do you need within a year to go hit your five-year goal?
 And when you did by the end of this year to hit your one-year goal and what do you need by the end of this week to hit your
 Your
 You know your your your your angle your monthly in the month goal and so as you do this it's interesting because you should get more and more
 Clear on like all the steps and it was funny because it was like as I did that as I identified my
 I had to end in mind as we're going back forward
 I got to the like the things I needed to do I looked at my to-do list and
 None of the things on my to-do list actually got me any closer to my someday goal
 And also I realized like I'm doing all these to-dos that are good
 They make me feel got to check off the box
 But none of them are actually moving me towards what I'm really wanting and it's like well
 What's the one thing I need to do today?
 It's going to hit my goal for the end this week which will hit my goal for the month
 You know, but we'll go all the way to there to the thing and as I start asking those questions
 They're like blew my mind how how
 Like what the one thing is I needed to focus on it was not
 By any stretch what I thought I was going to be what I what I assumed was
 the most important thing
 And as I did exercise and he wanted me to come back and like refine it and changing it so I kept getting
 Yeah, I mean my my my my someday goal changed three or four times and I started realizing
 as I was looking at that like
 Like it took me a while to figure out that I don't still know if I have it completely figured out
 But I want the message I want to share with you guys is just that is like
 Beginning with the end in mind in inner circle members that have the most success is they have a very clear
 like like what's
 Like the end in my like what's what is it?
 They're trying to accomplish and if there's easy to reverse engine of the funnel to make that happen
 People they're struggling. It's like they're building funnels to be able to sell a product or service
 Not with the end in mind. Does that make sense? It gets a little intricacy, but it's interesting so like I
 I've had this really cool experience of last two days to kind of reflect and listening to all my entrepreneurs talk and teach and share what they're doing and
 Really should I think in more and more like well, what's my?
 Like like what is the end like if I need to know really clearly what like
 For my business like I mean you'd be good at the end in mind
 I like is my goal to get people in click funnels my goal to people in our two comical coaching is my goal
 You know their circle is my like what it like what is the actual end goal?
 And soon you identify that's the end goal then it becomes really easy to say okay
 Well, that's it
 Here are the funnels. I need to reverse engineer to get people so that they will come up into that thing
 Like for example Dean Holland
 My wife she's been in a circle for three years now and he basically
 Overlast he wants to really shut his entire company down and rebuild from the ground up
 but this time the very clear definite like end in mind like this is where I'm trying to go and
 Then because of that built out the funnels very simply in order he launched in the first 20 days at a hundred
 Or built up a hundred six thousand recurring income
 Just because he began at the end of mine, and so I think most of us including me
 I'm guilty of this as well like I mean that's my big thing for the last two days is like well, okay. What's the end goal?
 From a business standpoint from a lifestyle point
 But also Mike where my take a customer journey the value ladder right I talked a lot about in doc on series
 But that was value ladder taking somebody through but I would say if my value ladder isn't completely clearly defined like it kind of
 It's morphed and changed so much. It's like I'm really coming back now figuring that out
 Dan adaric - when he did his presentation talking with his body up big
 I high so that us as creators want to keep creating and creating creating
 Because I was like if I look at my value ladder like
 Kind of goes up a little bit that sprints let splits off like in three different places and then some of us go up and some don't and like
 It's really mushy really quick. He said he realized like he had to clearly define like the value ladder
 I can go from here to here to here. So now he's got like he's beginning with the end in mine
 And then what he said was interesting that I was funny because it's something I've been like recurring thought I've had in my mind as well was
 Okay, I can't I can't keep
 Creating new stuff that just like spurts off my value ladder and shifts people all over place
 Like if I need to get my creative juices out there and create something the things I create need to be on the front end of the
 Value I think should only be free plus shipping or they should only be low ticket things to get somebody in but the back
 Valueless should never shift it should never change like that should be just a thing that's there and
 Man like I just resonate with that. I'm just like, okay, I
 Obviously have my value ladder. I've got things in place, but I need to really
 Specify like this is the path the process the order
 And then just focus on again the friend and stuff. So it's exciting. So anyway, the last thing I was wanting to say is
 Again, so many of us we start our business with like here's a product and we start building funnels based on that product
 There's nothing wrong with that. That's how we most was to do is how I've done it a lot of times
 Because that I think we get lost in the weeds of where we're trying to go and then
 Often times we never get there because we don't know where we're going and again as I'm working
 With with my coach on this, which has been really fun
 It's just cool because it's like I'm clearly defining
 You know my someday goal clearly defining the end and then from there
 I can reverse engineer all the pieces that need to make that happen
 I think the same thing is true with funnels
 It's just begin with the end in mind like where do you like what's the top of the value ladder?
 Where do you really want to take people and figure that out and then you can reverse engineer
 To do that here the funnels I need and then you've you've gotten that all a path in the process
 So anyway, it's exciting. I love it. I love this game. I love my entrepreneurs. I love in your circle. I love all of you guys
 I love quick funnels like
 I'll have the time of my life and hopefully awesome. I'm doing it's helping do my best. It's funny. I was
 Yeah, I was reading
 Somebody I care I wrote a really cool post about about what we do and I was reading and then in the comments or three or four people
 like I just I just don't like Russell. I just can't connect with them. I don't like his energy and like whatever and it's just like like
 kills me because
 Anyway, it's it's it's just tough because like I'm always trying to give and to serve and do it if I can and
 Yeah, I hate when I don't connect to everybody
 But that's okay as well and hopefully that my message gets to you and that you're able to take whatever it is
 You share it to people people connect people I I would never connect with it
 Hopefully you can connect with them and you can change them
 National my goal. Hopefully I connect with you and if I do
 That's that's the key and then take your energy get out there share your message that people and and change the world the way you can because
 Unfortunately, not everyone's got always gonna like me and that's same for you. I was gonna like you but the people who do
 They they'll hear your voice and they'll come to you and you'll be able to help them and serve them and they'll make the quality of their life
 So much better which in return will make the quality of your life so much better
 So that's what I got tonight you guys appreciate you all. See you guys soon. Bye
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay, and the phone over your text is
 208-231-379-7
 Once again, it's 208-231-379-7 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversation on top of that through this text and communities where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
