 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 I am back from the 10x event. I have completely lost my voice.
 In this episode, I want to give you guys a rundown of everything that happened.
 The good, the bad, the ugly, and I'm excited to share it all with you.
 So, the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital
 for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services
 and the things that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright everyone, so I've been getting blown up everywhere from everybody asking me,
 "How did you do at 10x? What happened? Tell me the stories,
 I saw the pictures and the Instagrams and all the stuff.
 How did it go?" I know a lot of it came because last year's 10x event,
 we set a goal due to $3 million in sales and we did $3.2 million in 90 minutes.
 It was amazing. Obviously, we launched 10x Secrets to the product.
 I'm kind of talking about it so everyone is expecting big things,
 which cause insane amounts of stress on my side in case anybody is wondering.
 It's like, imagine we're in the Olympic gold medal and then going back four years later,
 and again everyone is expecting you to win. It's a horrible feeling.
 It's way better to be the underdog.
 But anyway, we were excited and there was a huge opportunity.
 You guys probably heard it was in the Marlon Stadium.
 There's going to be 35,000 people at it and we were so excited.
 To prepare for this whole crazy event, we started a long time ago,
 starting to prepare for it. It was interesting as if you look at the very first 10x event
 we went to three years ago. We showed up there and we were trying to do my normal presentation
 and sell and Grant and his team didn't know a lot about events,
 had a choreograph and stuff.
 We got there, we had a table and we needed table and sales people and they were like,
 "No, we don't really have that."
 We kind of had to do it on our own. Unfortunately, it was Dave there
 with a box full of order forms and some pens.
 I did my pitch and they all ran to Dave and luckily Alex and Layla and Hermosey
 were also in the audience. They came and helped and those three sat there on the side of the room
 with no tables and he had order forms and pens.
 Somehow they closed, just shy of a million dollars from that.
 Then fast forward, 12 months later, we did the 10x. It was in Vegas.
 Obviously, if you guys bought the 10x Secret's product, you heard me talk about that whole choreography.
 There's a lot that went into that. We did the 3.2 million.
 This year we thought with 35,000, it's going to be even bigger. We got to do it even more.
 We got over 40 of our team members that we flew out.
 Prior to that, they spent so much time and so much effort coordinating
 where people are going to stand and how are they going to do it.
 How are they going to click order forms and deliver the pens?
 There's a ton that goes into it.
 For weeks and weeks prior, they were planning and meeting and making sure everything is choreographed
 just perfectly on our side.
 The other side of it then is I had to figure out my presentation as well.
 Obviously, I have a presentation I give that I'm selling ClickFunnels.
 I fund a Builder's Secret's presentation. I've given that presentation live probably 150+ times or more.
 But because I'm speaking at 10x each time, I try to change it enough that it seems different and new,
 but then it's going to be the sit.
 Well, it works, works. I don't want to deviate from that either.
 If you look at the very first 10x, I just gave my presentation the way I did on every webinar for a year prior.
 For the second one, I really changed a lot of the introduction and how I began the presentation.
 I talked about the form in a mile. I shared stories about John Reese.
 There was a really quick way to impact people.
 This year, I wanted to change that as well.
 My intro, I'm really proud of it. I started with the Winston Churchill quote where he says,
 "To each there comes in their lifetime, a special moment, when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder
 and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fit it to their talents."
 What a tragedy that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that,
 which could have been their finest hour.
 I led with that quote and I started telling stories about some people in our community.
 I told Jamie Cross' story. I told Chad Wallner's story and I related it back to their story.
 I took people through that where most of us as entrepreneurs, we hear this calling, right?
 We need to do this thing.
 And then, unfortunately for us, we're not...
 We hear the calling doesn't mean we're ready for it.
 And so then we have to go on this journey to become who we need to be, to be worthy
 and able to actually fulfill in that calling.
 So we're on this huge journey.
 And after going the journey and you figured out how to do the thing,
 then it's like, well, how do I get the impact, how do I get out to more people?
 And so I kind of told the story line weaving in all these different stories.
 I was really proud of it. I think it turned out really good.
 And then from there, I did my normal presentation, right?
 So I spent tons of time preparing that, probably conservatively, probably 30 to 40 hours,
 retweeting the original presentation to really make it fit.
 And then also this event, Grant and his team agreed to let us speak twice.
 So once I get to do self-fundable research secrets,
 and the second time they wanted me to sell like a public speaking train
 and teach people how to sell from stage.
 And so I had to create a whole new presentation I'd never done before,
 and I'll talk more about this, but I'm so proud of how this presentation turned out.
 It was legitimately amazing.
 All right, so that was kind of all the prep work.
 Now, going into this, like last year, again, we made $3.2 million with 9,000 people,
 so we're thinking $35,000. We should at least $10 million.
 And some people were guessing $2,500 million and just kind of fun.
 But we all kind of guessed ahead of time.
 And I was so scared. I just hate going into that with those kind of like expectations,
 because if you don't hit them, then you feel disappointed.
 And I want everyone on my team to be disappointed.
 I didn't care so much for me. I've already experienced all this stuff.
 You know what I mean? But like my team was all like, you know,
 huddling around us. Everyone wanted to go do this thing and hit these big goals.
 And so I had a lot of fear going into like, oh, what if I don't hit this and then disappoint them
 and do that kind of fear. All right.
 So then the night before came where we're getting everything prepared and ready
 and we're leaving the morning.
 And one of my friends, Brian Underwood, he's the founder of Prove it.
 A lot of you guys have heard me talk a lot about Prove it.
 He messaged me a little while ago and wanted to hang out.
 And I was like, well, if you want to hang out, we're speaking at this 10x event.
 You should go pick you up in your private plane and fly us out there.
 And he was like, okay. So he literally flew his plane and picked up me and my wife
 and a couple of Dave and his wife and Melanie and Blake.
 And we all jumped in this plane with him.
 So he flew the night before. We kind of hung out in the office and talked for a while.
 And then the next morning we woke up and we went headed to the airport
 and we jumped into his private plane and he flew us all the way from Boise to Miami,
 which was amazing. Every time I fly private, it makes me like never want to go commercial again.
 So for any of you guys who fly commercial, never fly private, it will ruin you forever.
 I was telling Stephen Larson, I was like, don't fly first class because it will ruin you forever.
 I just stay in coach as long as you can because it's nice.
 Like coach is fine. Until you fly first class, you're like, oh crap.
 And first class is great until you fly private and it's like, oh, it's just ruined forever.
 Anyway, so we flew in four hours in Miami, which is nice because we're flying home from Miami.
 It took us, we were in the air for seven hours on two planes and we had like three or four hours to lay over.
 So it goes to like a four hour trip to like a full bay trip, commercial versus private.
 Oh, anyway, so grateful for Brian picking stuff.
 He paid for everything, paid for the gas, the flight, everything.
 He just, it was super classy of him.
 So we flew out there, we hung out and then we got to Miami and we got there.
 I was kind of freaking out because I get so super nervous.
 And so we headed over to the stadium with a goddess in and we had a chance to like see the whole venue.
 And it was crazy, like walking in there.
 And I think I switched to my mic check and give him my slides and go through it all at a certain time.
 And we got there and there way behind.
 So we hung out there for probably two or three hours in the stadium and you know, Ty Lopez was there.
 So he got to do his sound check and a couple other people were just kind of testing the whole thing out.
 And what was crazy though was like when you do sound check, we start talking and the echo was so bad.
 You couldn't even hear yourself.
 It's like if this echo is this bad, like no one's going to hear it.
 So they're like, oh no no no.
 When 35,000 people are here it'll absorb all the sand and it'll totally be fine.
 So they do stuff like this all the time so it'll be really fine.
 I'm like, okay, but because if it's like this I can't like standing on stage, I would talk and I could hear like balance off the thing coming back to me.
 I was like I can't even hear my own voice and people sitting in the stands like I can't hear either because it's so equi.
 But you know, everyone's kind of nervous but they said you know what, they must have done this before.
 They haven't, it should be completely fine.
 So that was kind of what happened that before and then went home, went to bed and I was super anxious and nervous and excited.
 So that went to bed that night next morning woke up super early because I basically have set up.
 Grant was speaking and I was speaking immediately after him.
 And Grant was also going to parachute into the stadium.
 So we got everything ready. I got dressed in my fancy pants clothes.
 And that, oh that's the other thing when we flew into Miami we had to get another shirt.
 So we literally went from the airport directly to the even markets I think.
 And then we had somebody, we found a shirt and had the tailor, tailor right there on the spot and then delivered that night to us.
 Which was crazy. So we had a, you know, we had a brand new shirt on, brand new, you know, all these pants, all these fancy clothes.
 We get over there and we start waiting.
 And we walk in the stadium, they took us to the dugout and through the green room which was a batting cage.
 Everything, and we walked in the whole thing and then walked into the stadium to look out and just like,
 "Oh my gosh, it's huge thing." The roof of the baseball stadium is completely open.
 And looking at it, I'm like, "This is amazing."
 And I looked back into the stands and the stands were almost empty.
 I was like, "Oh my gosh." I started feeling sick for Grant.
 I'm like, "What if people don't show up? What are we going to do?"
 Like, this is, like, my watch. It was like 20 minutes till 9.
 I was like, "How? This is to get 35,000 people in here in the next 20 minutes."
 You know, we knew that Grant was going to just skydive in.
 So anyway, all the fears and the nervousness and everything started heating up again.
 It was just like, "Ah, you didn't know what to do."
 And so we're watching as, you know, getting closer and closer.
 And then finally at 9 o'clock, I assume, like, man, people aren't coming in.
 They're going to push it out until 9.30 or 10 or something.
 But sure, up 9 o'clock, you look up and all of a sudden you see the Grant's plane.
 I think it was Grant's plane flying above the stadium.
 And all of a sudden, boom, at 9 o'clock, this parachute pops out.
 This big, huge 10X parachute pops out.
 And then Grant, I think it was Grant.
 So it was as it wasn't, who knows? I don't know.
 Maybe the world will never know. But Grant or Grant's stunt double flew by themselves
 on a parachute into the stadium.
 It was like the most epically amazing thing ever.
 And they landed and they put a microphone on him.
 And I guess he twisted his ankle or something.
 He was like, "Hey, I'm going to be ankle twisted."
 You know, right now we found out the traffic's horrible and bad and on whatever thing
 people are waiting.
 So we're going to take a 30-minute break where I get prepared and hope we give a chance
 for more people to come in and then we get started.
 And so they kind of cut.
 And then, which was kind of crazy, because some of the cuts that everyone ran up to stay
 and stayed in the bathroom.
 And it was just a big, huge, like, anti-climatic moment.
 It was so amazing.
 It was just an entrance.
 And then it was like, "Okay, come back in 30 minutes.
 We'll get started."
 Anyway, but, you know, I think they did that mostly to get people in.
 So then, people were coming in, coming in, and finally Grant gets them on stage.
 He starts talking.
 And the echo is really bad.
 And like, it was really hard to hear him from the stands.
 And I couldn't even imagine on his side.
 And so, I'm watching him and I'm just like, "Oh my gosh."
 This is kind of freaking me out.
 But I'm like, "You know what?
 I'm just going to do what I've got to do.
 I don't know any better.
 Let's just go do it."
 So finally about 15 minutes before I'm up, they come and grab me.
 Pull me back.
 They mic me up.
 Take me back to the backstage and took him in this little black, this little room, the
 curtain-dough room.
 I went in there and was so nervous jumping around and trying to get prepared.
 And then I sat down to take a prayer.
 And I have so much anxiety and nerves and tiredness and everything.
 I was saying this prayer and I totally passed out in the middle of the prayer.
 And woke up a few minutes later and was like, "Oh my gosh.
 I'm still here."
 But I mean, this little curtain-dough room.
 And all I hear is echo.
 I can't hear a word that's happening.
 There's no TV's back there.
 I have no idea if I'm up or went up or anything.
 It was just kind of this random noise.
 I wish I could tell you the anxiety.
 It was crazy.
 And then somebody came and grabbed me and said, "Okay, you're almost up."
 And they pull me up onto the stage.
 And I'm getting ready, getting ready.
 But I can't hear anything.
 And all of a sudden the wall starts going up.
 There's this huge wall monitors that starts going up, which I know is my cue.
 And I'm like, "Oh my gosh.
 This means I'm up."
 And the guy's like, "I think so."
 And this vlog starts coming in and the thing goes up.
 And then it gets past my head and I just walk out.
 I'm like, "I hope this is for me."
 And I walk out.
 And I see this huge audience.
 And it was crazy because the last 10x event, there was 9,000 people.
 But it was dark in the stadium.
 And so the lights were shining your face.
 You walk out.
 You don't really feel the people because it seemed like it was kind of like you're walking out onto a stage.
 And you know those people that we don't really see them?
 This was completely different.
 It was the middle of the day.
 It's all lit up.
 You walk out and you can see everybody's faces.
 And it was like the most breathtaking thing I had.
 I had my first lines all like, "Figure it out in my head.
 What am I gonna say?
 How am I gonna say it?"
 And then the thing opens up and I was like, "I forgot everything."
 And I just like kind of caught me up guard.
 I'm like, "Hey, wow.
 This is amazing."
 And I'm like, "What am I supposed to say?"
 And I couldn't like, grab, took me a few minutes to like grab, they capture myself.
 Other crazy things.
 I had these new shoes on that were super slick.
 If you watch my Instagram stories, you saw I was like scuffing them up trying to make them not slick.
 But I totally took a step and slipped on stage.
 I caught myself and I was like, "Okay, no self.
 Tiny steps.
 Tiny steps.
 I'm almost slipping from 35,000 people."
 It was crazy.
 And I started talking.
 It was crazy.
 I started talking.
 Actually, let me back up.
 I want to kind of go through some teaching points in here because it's interesting.
 Like if you look at events and any kind of marketing for that matter, it's all about choreography.
 And I feel like grandis team choreographed something really, really well and something's not so well.
 And I think we're gonna recall them kind of walk through some of my thoughts and feelings later
 and they kind of recover from this craziness.
 But just for you guys who are doing events, one of the big things is after Grant spoke,
 he did a charity pitch and was like $67 to get access to the thing they self-right 10 grand or 20 grand
 or something crazy.
 Really good offer.
 And that's something we do at Arvin.
 A lot of times we will make a charity pitch on day one to teach people like how the process works to go by.
 And I think they were trying to do the same thing.
 But they did the charity pitch unbeknownst to me, right?
 And for $67, like a $20,000 offer and people loved it, they start running it, they start running to the size of the table.
 And then right then, right when the screen went up and I walked out.
 So I walked out to all these people running to the side, the back of the room, and already up the stairs
 trying to get this crazy offer that he had made to him.
 Which was kind of, you know, from a speaker standpoint, the last thing you want is when you're coming out on stage
 for big introduction, people running to the back of the room buying.
 Like there should be, if you're ever selling, there should always be a break afterwards.
 People can get back to their seats and focus back on you.
 So that was one kind of missed choreographed piece.
 But they did raise a lot of me for charity, so that's good.
 So like I'm out there, I start talking and the echo is really bad.
 I start talking, it's bouncing off, and like I'd say something and, you know, I talk fast anyway,
 so I'd say one or two things, and so I'm saying it, then the bounce is off the back wall, come back and hit me.
 And then I caught me off guard, said hear myself again, and then I tried to go again, and I'd keep bouncing back and forth.
 And man, it threw me off for the entire 90 minutes.
 I couldn't keep myself, like, I never felt like I was ever in the rhythm of it, because the echo was so, so bad.
 What's crazy, and I had no idea, I'm like, maybe out there they can hear me, but it turns out the echo there out in the audience is even worse,
 especially some of the upper seats, if you send it up or decks, which probably 70% of people sat up there, they couldn't hear anything.
 In fact, after my presentation, I found out that tons of people were going to those guys saying, we can't hear anything is happening, we need to refund, and it was this huge thing.
 And so I'm doing my presentation, and you know, 70% of the audience can't even hear me.
 The ones who can hear me, it's still muffled, and it's echo-y, and it's hard, and I'm like not on my game because this echo thrown me off, and it's confusing, and it's like,
 so I did my presentation, and I was like, you know what, I'm just going to do it, and just hope for the best.
 About half of my presentation, I came out and said, slow down.
 Oh, and during my presentation, I showed some videos, and a bunch of the videos, they worked, but the sound system was set up for, like, a concert.
 So it was a concert, usually they crank up the bass, and the singer seen me on top of it, but with our videos and the crank of the bass at high, the bass of the video comes through, you can hear any of the voices.
 So all my testimonials, you can't understand a word. Everyone said I didn't understand a word of any of your videos, which is like all the setup for the cell.
 Anyway, so many things, and then it came out later and said, you know, we found out it's the mic on your face, it's the bad thing, so here's a handheld mic, so I was like holding a mic and holding my clicker and trying not to slip, and it was just like, oh, so much chaos.
 Anyway, so when all of a sudden did the pitch, did myself, and somehow, despite the fact that 35,000 people could not hear me, 690 heard well enough to run the back of the room and sign up.
 So if you look at numbers, that's 690 people times 3000, we sold $2,067,000 in sales. So that's not too bad, especially considering even looking at the event now, that's more than all the other speakers made combined.
 So even though it wasn't 3.2 million, it was less, and it wasn't the 10 that we were hoping for, $2,670,000 is not too shabby considering all the craziness, right?
 But obviously, after I was kind of just upset because I wanted 10, I didn't want two, so I was stuck in the stadium forever, I had to go pee, and I'd take pictures of the people, it was just huge, like, oh, so just all this stuff, and I just wanted to get out, I just needed to unplug, introverted rustle, I needed to unplug and go plug in, go hide somewhere, just like recharge, and somebody took like an hour and a half, two hours to get out, get out of the stadium, get back to hotel, try to close your three hours,
 plug out the hotel, and then I laid it on the bed, and my wife was talking to me, and I was gone, how cold, and I slept for like three hours.
 I just like, my body has shut down from all the stress and anxiety and the late nights and preparing, and everything went ahead of it.
 And so, you know, three hours later, woke up, and I was like, oh my gosh, what happened? I have no idea. I'm not just eating Dave and Melanie, and everybody trying to find out, like, how do we want sales, and getting numbers back, and they told me, I was like, I mean, first off I was happy that 690 people heard me,
 and you know, but you know, it's just disappointing. Two millions amazing, unless you're expecting 10, then it's like, it sucks, right?
 So that was kind of frustrating, and so I got up, ate some dinner, and then just kind of started working on my presentation for the next day.
 That night I had a chance to meet with Myron Golden, the man, the myth, the legend, he came and helped me work on the presentation, and then that night Stephen came into the room where we were working on the presentation in a bathrobe, Stephen Larson,
 and then me and him started wrestling, and doing Jiu Jitsu, and fighting in his bathrobe, which was really fun, and that was the night, and it went to bed.
 All right, so that was day number one of 10x. Now, on the next podcast episode, I'm going to take you guys into day number two.
 In day number two, I'm going to talk about what happened on the second presentation. Did we fix the echo? Did we sell the 25,000?
 I don't think we're trying to do what happened in the locker room with Gary White and a bunch of other cool speakers, and a whole bunch more.
 So, thanks so much for listening to episode number one, and I'll see you guys tomorrow for episode number two of the 10x Live Event, and we'll go from there.
 Thanks for everybody, and I'll see you soon.
 Want more marketing secrets? If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets, and you can get a free copy at expertseekers.com.
 And book number two is called .comseekers, and you can get your free copy at .comseekers.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest-growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
