 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome to the Marketing Secrets Show.
 I hope you guys are excited for today.
 So today I'm actually gonna be taking a question
 from the ClickFunnels community
 as we are getting closer and closer and closer
 to the traffic seekers launch.
 People have been asking to see behind the scenes
 of what we're doing and why we're doing it
 and how we're doing it.
 And so, I don't think I can show you everything
 just because it would take days.
 We could map out everything.
 I do wanna show you guys the highlights of what we're doing
 and why we're doing it.
 If that's what this episode is about,
 the question I'm gonna be answering
 is what's happening with the Traffic Secrets book launch.
 Could you give us any insider details about it?
 So I'm gonna keep a thing strong right now.
 When we come back, I would dive deep in that question
 and show you guys behind the scenes
 of what we're doing and why.
 - So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 I'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Everybody's asking questions about this right here.
 The brand new Traffic Secrets book,
 which is coming out.
 The launch day is actually is like a week from Tuesday,
 which is crazy.
 It's March 17th, we're launching.
 So the question that we've been getting
 a ton from people is this.
 What's happening with the Traffic Secrets book launch?
 Can you give us any insider detail about it?
 So I would love to give you some insider detail.
 There's so many things that go into a book launch
 and or to any kind of product launch for that matter.
 And a lot of people ask questions about
 what are we doing and how are we doing it?
 So I'm gonna kind of tell you guys some of the stuff.
 So the first thing, step number one was,
 it actually started almost two years ago.
 So this is some seeding for you guys to understand
 that product launches don't start like a week
 before the product launch.
 Like two years ago, when I had the idea
 to start writing this book is when it all began.
 And so for the last two years, as I've been preparing it
 and like figuring out and testing the material
 and trying to learn the message that's gonna be
 in this book, I spoke at multiple different events.
 I spoke at the Endederics event initially.
 I was very first was Dream 100 Con.
 And I spoke teaching some of the principles
 from Traffic Secrets.
 And I still remember I was in the back
 of the room like doodling stuff out before I went up
 and then I was like testing these different concepts
 and ideas to see which things stuck with people,
 which ones made sense or confused people.
 And then a couple months later,
 we did a Traffic Secrets event for by two
 of the comic club ex-students.
 And we taught it again for over two days.
 I taught the principles again and changed things
 and tweaked things.
 And then after that, I started talking about
 on my podcast, on Facebook Lives
 and all sorts of places.
 And I tested it in little spots.
 I would speak different places.
 I would try different things and just kept testing the material.
 And then I started the actual writing process,
 which if those of you guys haven't written a book yet,
 I don't know some people, some of my friends
 like Dana Dereks is like, I can write a book in an hour.
 Not me it takes me like a year or more to write the book.
 And so I started the process of writing.
 And as I was writing, I didn't just write in hiding.
 I talked about it a lot on Instagram, on Facebook.
 I was share pictures, I was sharing me writing.
 I shared like chapter number three,
 like I would do this cool doodle and show the doodle off
 and try to build anticipation for the last year
 and excitement.
 And hopefully most of you guys have seen pieces of that
 and hopefully you're excited right now.
 Right?
 Half of marketing is making enough noise
 to get people to actually care.
 Right?
 So last year, as I was doing this,
 I'm taking people on the journey.
 And that's been a big part of it
 because now people actually care.
 There's relevance.
 You're like, why is this book?
 Why should I care about it?
 And now people are excited for it.
 Similar to like if you have been followed the whole marvel,
 the MCU launch of, you know, their all series.
 Like it was years of like building up
 and sharing video after video.
 And this movie, this movie, all leading up to
 eventually Avengers Endgame,
 which is when, you know, the whole thing kind of wrapped.
 But man, it was all the pressure and buildup of a long time
 that got people to come.
 And that's why I became the highest grossing movie all the time.
 So, all right.
 So that's how it started then.
 As we got closer and closer, the book actually got done.
 Then the next phase, which we started recently,
 was like, I need to send this to some people
 to see if they like it.
 What's crazy is like, for me, as a writer,
 or as I think anybody who creates anything,
 I heard Ryan Hall, they say this in perennial seller.
 But like when you create something,
 you're creating it in private, right?
 You're on your computer by yourself.
 You're with your thoughts and you're trying to like
 create and you're so excited.
 And then when you first make it public,
 it's really, really scary.
 So we printed 300 copies of the Traffic Secrets book.
 And we did our Dream 100, which, funny enough,
 I talk about in the Traffic Secrets book.
 And we figured it went on every platform,
 podcasting, Instagram, Facebook, Google, Bloggings,
 and just found different people in each of the markets
 that we thought would be good for our Dream 100 list,
 which are people who potentially could promote the book.
 And we sent out copies about a week and a half, two weeks ago.
 And this for me was like the scariest thing,
 especially as people started getting it
 and started posting it on Facebook and Instagram.
 Like, I got Russell's book today.
 Every time I did someone post that,
 I had the weird like excitement and then like the,
 oh my gosh, they're gonna read this thing.
 And like, like super scary.
 In fact, yesterday, the master list builder, Joel Christopher,
 who's someone I learned from a decade and a half ago
 when I was first getting started, he got a copy of it.
 He read the whole section one last night.
 And he was like highlighting and set post pictures
 of his highlights.
 I remember like, I saw the message come through.
 I was like, had all the fear and anxiety.
 I'm like, ah, what if he hates it?
 And I looked at it and it was like this page.
 It was all like highlighted all over and circled.
 And I was like, oh my gosh, this is so exciting.
 I was at Tony Robbins birthday last, last a week ago.
 And Garrett White was there.
 And Garrett King gave me hug.
 And he said, he said, brother, as he does, brother,
 of all the three books, this is by far the best.
 And I'm just like, ah, which is like the thing
 you're so scared about all the time.
 And then when people get it and you're like, ah,
 this is so cool.
 So that's when the second phase is dream 100
 getting it out there.
 And now next week we have the actual book launch,
 which is where the funnels will be live.
 And so my job on this phase of the book launch
 is to get a funnel that is going to actually convert.
 So when affiliates promote it and when we're buying ads to it,
 we're not losing money that's actually profitable.
 And so we have been geeking out and working hard
 on this book funnel.
 And because I rewrote also the .com secrets book
 and the expert secrets book, all three books
 have been rewritten now.
 We're doing new funnels for all three of them.
 It's kind of fun.
 So you'll see when the funnels go live next week,
 if you go to all three sites there, they're similar style.
 In fact, when the style, what you'll notice about the style,
 and this is kind of maybe a little tip for everyone,
 moving forward, is that it's very much designed for mobile.
 Everything's one column instead of like,
 typically we always do pages side by side, desktop.
 Man, so much more traffic's coming from mobile now
 than desktop that we're just shifting our design style
 to really cater to that.
 And so you'll notice this page design's different.
 It's cool.
 I've been geeking out on it and I'm
 really excited to roll out this entire funnel.
 And the funnel and the upsells and downsells
 and all this stuff, it's exciting.
 So those are the details of the traffic secrets launch.
 The launch makes it starts March 17th.
 And there's like a three week launch
 where I'll be promoting hard, affiliates
 be promoting hard, and we'll hopefully sell 100,000
 plus copies of the book, which would be exciting.
 And that's kind of the first phase of the launch.
 And then at the end of that, then we're
 doing a live event here in Boise, Idaho, a small event
 like about 200 people or so.
 Hopefully you don't have to cancel it because of the coronavirus.
 Every event's being canceled right now.
 It's crazy.
 But we do a small event here in Boise,
 where I have 40 of the top traffic speakers in the world
 coming and each doing a 30 minute presentation
 on a very tactical way to get traffic.
 Because the traffic secrets book is very strategic.
 And I want them very tactical.
 So we have 40 speakers each coming.
 And they're all presenting a tactical thing
 on how to get traffic from Pinterest, from Facebook,
 from LinkedIn, just all different platforms
 and different ways to get traffic.
 And so that's going to be happening
 at the end of the initial book launch.
 And then we're going to be streaming those live online.
 So hopefully you have a chance to watch a lot of those.
 And each one of those will actually become like an ad.
 So it'll be when you watch it, it'll
 be me introducing the speaker, them speaking
 and they need to do a call for action afterwards on the book.
 And each one will become a presentation, which
 will come an ad.
 And you'll see that kind of behind the scenes
 as well happening at the end of the launch.
 And that happens first week in April.
 And then afterwards then we move to the social launch.
 And this is where I basically have a month and a half
 blocked out where I'm doing a bajillion podcast interviews,
 Facebook lives, other things.
 I don't even know what they're calling.
 And that's kind of what's happening.
 So that's kind of behind the scenes
 what's happening on the book launch.
 A lot of it is for the initial surge of sales
 and then the long term social.
 And then from there, we'll just get back to normal marketing
 as usual.
 We're creating tons of ads, buying ads.
 I'm going to try to test this book on radio and other things.
 Dean Graziosa, I've been talking about potentially
 an infomercial for it.
 I think it's such a universal topic.
 Everybody needs traffic.
 And so I'm excited to get this message about the book
 out to more people.
 So that's what's happening with the Traffic Secrets book
 launch.
 I hope that helps.
 And I hope it gives you ideas for different ways
 that you can launch your products, your services,
 your businesses, whatever you are looking to launch out
 into the world.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 All right, everybody.
 I hope you guys enjoyed that episode.
 On next week's episode, or tomorrow's episode,
 or the next one's coming out, I am
 going to be actually bringing on one of my first ever guest
 hosts to the marketing secrets show, Joe Marth-Oleo,
 who I talk about a lot inside the Traffic Secrets book.
 He's the guy on our team who does our YouTube stuff.
 And he's going to come on and actually share
 some really powerful tips, tricks, and strategies.
 I hope you guys grow your YouTube channel,
 give videos that actually work, and hold
 much other cool things.
 And you'll see behind the scenes what he's actually
 doing for us, and hopefully get some ideas for how
 to grow your YouTube channel.
 If you've enjoyed this episode, though,
 please take a snapshot on your phone,
 post it on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and tag me on it,
 because I'd love to see it.
 And then also use hashtag marketing secrets,
 and also hashtag over the liver, if you like, as well.
 That's my new hashtag.
 We're going to be building out.
 We have T-shirts coming, a bunch of other cool stuff
 for hashtag over the liver, because you
 should be over delivering it all things
 you do in your life, in your business, your personal life,
 your family, you're just everything.
 And if we can all do that, it gets us
 doing what we should be doing in this life.
 So with that said, thank you guys for listening,
 and I'll see you guys on the next episode.
