 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome to marketing seekers podcast so excited to have you here today
 I'm gonna share with you behind the scenes interview with my man mr. Dana darris
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone welcome back to marketing seekers if you have not yet subscribed if you are an iTunes
 Please subscribe and leave us a comment if you were watching this on YouTube
 Please click on our YouTube channel subscribe so you can get any amazing videos like this now right now
 I'm gonna share with you guys is behind the scenes of a video
 That happened or an interview that happened earlier
 Last week
 So data Derek's is in my inner circle program
 He just started year number two and when someone joins my inner circle or they re up after a year
 I let them be part of what we call decade in a day
 Decade in days basically I take a decade of my life experiences my business experiences and jamming into a day for that person and
 basically I do this about once a month with my inner circle members and
 And it was really funny because of this time data showed up and instead of just asking me a bunch of or instead of doing normal
 normal like console back and forth
 he just came back and said hey have holistic questions I want for you and
 Some were really good questions somewhere off the wall. They're all sorts of place. It was hilarious
 And but there was there were some really really powerful strong things that came out of the interview
 And I thought between the humor and the gold
 I thought it'd be awesome to share with you
 So I stayed if you'd be willing to let me share this with you guys and luckily for me and for you and for everybody
 he said yes, and so
 I want to take you guys pan scenes of a decade a day call with Dana Derek's and
 like I said
 For those who don't know Danny yet, you will appreciate and love his humor. He is a goat farmer
 He's speaking of fun hacking live and and some of these questions are amazing. So with that said we're gonna queue jump over the interview and have some fun
 What's up Dana?
 What's up, how's it going man good? How are you guys doing amazing people look at this? Oh
 This is gonna be great
 It's better be great. Yeah. Yeah, no pressure, right?
 We were betting before we turn the live right because they can have any goats like in the office with him or
 Anyway, well if it wasn't so cold, I probably could have made that happen
 That's amazing. So obviously I know you really well do you want to tell him who you are who doesn't know and then we can have some fun
 Yeah, we can do that you're in for a treat by the way
 You're gonna like this. I'm glad I'm last. I think whoever set that up kudos to them. They deserve some
 Hold your breath
 You ready I'm ready rock and roll
 Are we live you're live
 Hey, what's up everybody
 I'm a goat farmer. I don't know technology very well
 So we've been live for five minutes. I've blown five minutes of my time
 If you don't know me
 My name's Dana. I'm a goat farmer that Russell led into the inner circle. Also. I write copy and
 That's a lot all what and books a lot of books. Oh, yeah, I got a book to me this week
 I was like do you read both these this week? It's amazing
 Kinda
 Yeah, did you get that package? Yeah, that was amazing. Thank you. Oh, yeah, no for sure
 Well, I think here's the salad you can eat now and here's what we can have after the board the thing is that here we change it from
 Bart to board
 He did a big amirate transformation board is big or rip transformation to get a choose. Oh
 We barked bort now so feel free to do that
 Bort Miller I love it
 Yeah, dude, no the the secret about sending stuff in the mail is it's a lot harder to opt out of
 receiving mail in the mail as opposed to like email so that's kind of the trick but
 During your presentation you should like clip from Seinfeld where Kramer's like I know the mail say it breaks up his mailbox and
 That's good. I like that and you can tell when they do opt out because your stuff comes back to you
 That's awesome. Um, okay, so I guess I have a something prepared. I don't have any slides or anything
 I don't really understand technology that well, so I have a list of just a bunch of questions
 Sweet, I'm gonna ask you if that's okay. I can
 Oh, there's gonna be three sections
 One the first is just business the second is life and then the third is whatever questions
 We're gonna open it up to you guys can ask me you can pick feel free to pick my brain
 All you want and then the audience can interject
 I don't know where they are but if you guys can see anything that they're saying
 Let's do it
 Let's do it. All right
 I might I might um
 If you start talking too long because I've got this spaced out just right. I'll probably just cut you off. Okay
 Okay, don't worry about it. I'll control the time
 All right
 What would we'll start off easy? Okay, what would you estimate to be the ROI on the spend of one goat over a 12 month period?
 For average humans or for Dana
 You'd be surprised. I'd say average humans for average humans probably not very good. Maybe go you got you can milk goats, right?
 Yeah, you can you go probably don't eat goats to you. I wouldn't advise it
 You milk them you share them to get like wool
 No, they have that they have weird fur just milk. All right pretty much milk and cheese
 Milk and cheese. I bet you double ROI. I bet that you pay a thousand bucks for goat eat about two grand back
 That's really close. That's real good. Did John tell you that? No, that was off the top. I had no idea cool. Nice good good
 You're gonna have goats soon. Um, I have Astro Turf out by Phil the kid
 They'll eat it. Don't worry
 Okay, what would be one thing or will be the one thing you would suggest anybody starting out in business to focus on?
 Um
 Like the initial your first first beginning yep
 Probably focusing on developing yourself through like serving other people
 Until you like actually become amazing at whatever you want to sell in the future
 So other people's results instead of your own. Yeah, love it
 Go and like serve people get results and then that becomes a catalyst for everything else
 Nice. Um, what would be one thing you'd suggest anybody that's already having success to focus on?
 Does it become a book someday? It's like the chapters of a book. He's pretty writing it. He's making me write the book for
 In content I can I can use this time. I ever want Russell
 People are already having success
 I would say the biggest thing is a lot of times especially us like creators like we have success and we get complacent for a while
 Because uh, I think initially when we start a lot of times we are thinking about ourselves and then you get to the point where it's like all your needs are met
 And most of us sit complacent until they realize that like this has nothing to do with them
 I mean transition back to like how do I serve
 People more that's when like the next level of success happens
 That's for me like I like business for me was selfish for a long time
 I was trying to like figure out how to make money and then my needs were bet and then more so and then it's like now what
 It wasn't until like I really started focusing on like the contribution side of it
 That also like then the lights back on fire games. You know
 Like somebody asked me yesterday like why don't you sell for whatever and I'm like, I don't need money at this point in my life
 Like this is about like the contribution which is like the exciting part like money
 Gets done actually pere house off. You're like, well, I don't know what else to do
 Like I see at this time. Yeah
 Okay, awesome. Love it. Um, what's your biggest secret to building funnels?
 Um
 Um, I don't start building a funnel until I found another funnel that I'm modeling like a concept
 So like I'm always very clear of like this is where we're going and number two. I focus
 most of the effort and energy on the copy or the stories
 Like each page of the funnel is a solid story that you're telling you're crafting to get them to take the next action
 And that's where we focus. I don't anyone can do a funnel now. It's click. I was like
 a good funnel. It's like
 Understanding and mastering the story even like the short form story like I've got a headline and opt-in box
 What's the story in telling there? What's the story for the landing page and the upsell page and like
 They take the perfect webinar structure and breaking it out into like
 In over a set of pages and orchestrating whole thing together. So that's where I spent
 Okay, would you also say it's like
 Then connecting the dots too. It's like taking them on a journey
 It's not because people think you just throw them in the top and then they end up at the bottom
 But you have to like hold their hand throughout
 Yeah, and holding on and it's like and I literally like when I'm doing a funnel
 I always think about like if my mom was to come and buy the same
 Like let's say she bought this Superman little thing and she's like this is awesome
 And then she buys that and then she looked me like what should I get next? I'm like, okay
 Let me explain you why you need the next thing and like you're
 Yeah, so and it's not like
 I get people all the time to ask me like
 Their questions are like what price points should my upsell be and like that has nothing to do with anything like price points completely irrelevant
 It's they just bought this. What's the next logical thing that they need or they think they need
 To get the end result they're trying to get like that's
 And whatever the price is doesn't amount just like doesn't logically make sense like I have this now
 This now I need this this is where I'm this is where I'm going
 Dude, you'd be such a good goat farmer because it's like
 No, really they get out they're in the neighbor's yard
 Okay, so you've got it
 Forward there to get over there and you got to like bring just enough treats to get them back into your yard
 So then another in your yard, which is an improvement
 But they're still not in the pen and you got to get them over to the gate with another set of treats
 And then you got to keep them there long enough to get the gate open and then get them back into their actual pen
 It's the same thing as phones, right?
 Go funnel secrets. You should tell this that's actually cool
 That's what you're doing. This is the name of the book of writer now, or isn't it?
 Maybe
 That's awesome. Okay. Um, what's your biggest secret to traffic and getting people into your funnels?
 Um, you know the answer this already, but um, our biggest focus is dream 100
 At all levels like seo is dream 100 pbc's dream 100 a facebook ads are dream 100 dream 100 is like fill it
 So it's like um
 I'm a hyper big believer in like we're not going to create traffic
 So it's like who's already calm created that traffic and then we dream 100 of them from every every level every aspect
 Like we're seo stuff right now and it's like it's funny cuz everyone's like, well, how do we get back links?
 It's like dream 100 like what do you mean? I'm like
 It's fine. He's got the best blogs with the best traffic the best page rank. We dream 100 of them and get an article
 And then that would gets things the dream link we want back and then that solves all problems
 Awesome. Uh, what's your biggest secret to converting traffic once they're in your fault?
 Um, so I always say that that um
 The world we live in right now. There's like two steps
 It's like the front end directory spawns
 That's like all conversion to get somebody to do whatever we need to give into our world
 And then when they're in our world, we I transition from
 I'm transitioning away from directory spawns, but I layer in branding with directory spawns and now it's like personality
 and
 And directory spawns principles together
 So the front end doesn't I personally doesn't get somebody opt in typically a new person. It's like hardcore like
 Curiosity like the right hook to get somebody in and after their end to keep them there
 It's like I instantly transform into brand and personality and things like that
 And um the better connection I can build with people to faster the easier conversion is
 It's like always putting in all this like time and effort into building trust rapport
 And then the conversion becomes easier and easier and easier afterwards
 Just so
 Natalie hodson did a video yet, uh last night. I think she's two nights ago
 I watched it last night facebook live for it was like don't buy my courses
 And then she told her a story about why should i do this and how she
 And told her whole story of how she like came to this business and how much money she has to spend on ads to sell a book
 And actually they will have one movie and they told that story and I told it. I've watched
 I'm like this is so good
 I'm like everyone the opsin make them watch this first because they will instantly love you and then they'll buy everything else you ever have
 That went forward and just like so but like that would be horrible as a front-end app like nobody would ever buy off it
 but it's like you get convert them in
 use that attention now to like build a brand and a connection and then
 Conversion become super easy. Now it's just taking them on the story of your life and how what you're offering them fits in
 Like the story between you and that like why you create that how that story takes back to them
 Love it. So um with that too like part that's
 Part of the strategy of entertaining and putting out just letting them into your life
 Um, and I think it's important for people to know too because
 Ultimately like looking at the stats that stuff you could argue is a waste of time
 But at the end of the day
 It's not because you're doing exactly what you're suggesting by like that's the overall strategy on that, isn't it?
 100 because then like I can put them off for nowadays my own audience if I drive drive traffic to never
 But I would never convert like that same off from my audience and we'll do a million dollars in the nap
 You know like in a in a webinar because it's like they love me. They trust me this point. They have connection with me
 I if I'm creating it they
 Whereas like again a cold traffic wouldn't work. So it's like
 It's that bleh. I don't know like when I got started this game
 It was 100% direct response and there's like the branding guys who like I always hated now
 It's like the mushy of those two worlds together is like direct response to give them in and then the branding to build a connection
 And then like that the handoff is like I know that's the future marketing
 It's those two schools of thoughts like merging together to super powered. That's awesome
 I totally get that as a dark direct response guy
 Okay, so before I ask the next one I have to just throw a disclaimer
 I may not have I was not involved in all of the question selection. Okay, so just putting that out there
 Okay, so I wanted to clear the air and dispel the rumors
 Is the CEO of low key pages actually running the company from prison
 Okay
 Pretty sure yeah
 Must be with branding makes perfect sense
 Joe the real CEO of the real low key pages got anyway, I should say a public on video never mind
 Yeah, I didn't do any background research on that one. That was a mistake
 Um
 What's your best advice for somebody deploying the dream 100
 Um
 I think is understanding like tiers of levels like when I first got this game
 I remember the people that were like I was trying to connect to us were like
 Joe Vitaly mark joiner like all these guys who were just like legends
 And I tried so hard to get their attention and like
 No, how creative I was it just kind of fell on deaf ears. I remember being offended and kind of said it first
 Um, but I was like in like I don't know. I was just kind of nobody at the time
 And then so after trying that for a while. I'm like, how many success am I just just doesn't work?
 then I made a
 A bunch of people that were kind of at my same level or a little above me
 But just like they were approachable. It was guys like bike feel same and um
 I remember who was back then but a bunch of guys like that and we're all kind of same level
 So I started taking with them at dream 100
 And we because like they weren't up here. They were here
 We became friends and we all started like cross promoting each other helping each other
 It was cool. It was in a very short period time like within a year to year and a half all of our businesses
 Came up to these other guys
 And and at that point I started contacting these guys again and they're like, oh, I see you everywhere man
 I'm like, oh, I'm like
 I haven't been sending you stuff for years and you never do spawn back and now like
 And then they they answer your call and then I think
 It's like yes sends a pack of attorney rovers. That's amazing
 He's probably not gonna do what they need
 But it took me 10 years to get Tony to finally put up something like 10 years of my life
 And he was like Russell's book's awesome. You should read it right?
 But 10 years took of that so like that's awesome
 But like what's better is like
 Look around in the market right now and who's kind of at your level and start connecting there
 And it may not be like a billion dollar win overnight
 But a whole bunch of little wins add up and eventually your best friends with whoever you need to be up here at that level
 So I think that's the biggest
 Biggest thing I would tell people man. I hope the the inner circles listening
 That is a great lesson for all of us because there you go, right
 Um, okay
 How many times were you on the verge of completely giving up?
 Oh man, like how many days that happened or how many like how many different times you think?
 Man there were a lot um one happened early
 I mean it lasted probably a couple weeks were just like oh and then figured out a piece
 Um after our company collapsed right layoff like 80 people overnight like it was it was every day for two years
 Um, and I would have quit if I didn't have um tax obligations to IRS that would have thrown me in jail if I would equip
 So I had some really good motivators
 I was like two years that hated this business
 I didn't I did not like it even a little bit until we finally paid the IRS off and like it took that straight off
 It was like now creativity can happen again and then it became it became fun again
 But um a lot a lot of times I still times nowadays even it's it's funny like where some days you're just like oh like why are we doing this?
 and uh
 I don't know. I don't know what what causes that
 but I think
 For me like whenever that does happen. It's like it's like a selfish thing when I'm thinking about myself more
 And then what's cool is like oh all them all them bad
 Sitting there like miserable look see my phone and I'll see a bunch of voxers from people and like I
 Every time I have a voxer for that's like someone says something nice for me. I I start it
 I have a whole list of like starred ones. I was like oh listen those and all these people were like
 I got one of yours in there. I got other people
 It's just like you hear them like the gratitude for what you're doing and like thank you for what you end
 It's just like all right. That's why we do this and we're back into the game
 So it's less less often nowadays for me for sure
 um during the downtimes it's it's tough and it happened a while
 That's awesome. Okay, cool. Um and he's definitely not lying folks because when I was out there
 I'm writing copy for you. I remember somebody did something stupid
 I don't know somebody said something or whatever and you got like you're like jeez like seriously
 And then you're like sarcastically. I think you said I don't want to be CEO anymore
 And or whatever you're like I just want to like create stuff and then I'm sitting there in the corner
 I'm thinking like I like glance over at Dave. I'm thinking like I'll be CEO
 Like
 Your problems are awesome. Yeah, so just I'll be on deck
 Well, I think that's a lot like my goal was never like
 Like 15 years ago. I saw those were like someday. I'm gonna be a CEO of the huge company on the video
 I'd be like no like I just wanted to like create like for me. It says art right like
 Why do I keep creating funnels people like your companies doing grace like like it's the art for me
 I'm an artist like this is how I do my art. I just love it
 And so it's like yeah a lot of time that much rather just like hang up the CEO hat and go back to the art of doing the thing
 But you know, yeah, no, it's it's awesome. Um, okay
 Looking back, what do you wish you would have done differently?
 From click funnels to the whole or business the whole or just yeah, let's let's look at businesses at all
 um
 I think man the first 10 years of my life. I was running around trying to like be all things all people
 And like three and a half four years ago the first time I was like kind of set my flag in the ground where I was going to do
 And as far as like click funnels as a whole
 um
 Looking back on a now
 I think I would have started a software company way faster. That's 100% sure like all the business models
 I've done like it's the one I like the most but I would have done different too like
 I think if I was a star over from scratch, I would have just done click funnels and that would have we wouldn't have had backpack and actionatics all the other things I would just
 Like automate simpler like I look at
 Some people have software where it's it's sticky, but simple like it does one thing
 You know
 Like there's power in that where it's like you're you're tech team can focus on making that one thing better better and better as opposed to like
 Like right now our biggest problem we've had um recent
 It told us recently it's like our tech team was like folks are on this part of here and it's like okay everyone move over here
 and over here and then
 So now we're pointing our um as we did that the last time through we
 Are taking focus here? We had a whole bunch of people like learned it while they were there focusing that we left it out there focusing on making it better
 Mistake is three years to get to that point. Um, so I think I would have made simpler software that everyone can focus on like
 One thing one that doesn't do is like click for like so many messages. I gotta sell now and so many
 I would have focused on this
 Simple message simple tool simple thing. Um, I love that. So, um, do you know what a juicy lusius the burger?
 No, it sounds amazing. Yeah, it is
 So I think might be a minnesota thing so Brandon and kalen um flew out for a biking game and then we went and hung out for a while
 And they took me to this bar in this weird neighborhood. It's really sketchy
 Um to get a juicy lusius. So it's basically a burger with like cheese in the middle
 And it was this place called matt's bar on st. Paul minnesota. It's world famous
 Anyway, we get in there and i'm with Brandon and kalen we they like we're getting lying for the burger
 It's just a nasty looking place. It's really bad, but great burger
 Um world famous and what we noticed was so they served us the burger with fries and ketchup
 And then like a napkin in a like a crappy little basket and then we had water
 And then I think it was kalen was like hey do you have like ice? They're like nope
 like a bar without ice and I was like um
 Someone someone else asked for something, but then I asked do you have guys have a fork?
 Nope
 So they have juicy lusius and french fries and they do that better than every other person
 And that's why even despite all their shortcomings. They're the best. Yeah, so yeah, it's a good lesson. I think for everybody
 Um
 Yeah, all right lightning the mood a bit
 Uh, did you know that james pre-friel is actually a nice guy deep down
 He's actually a nice guy deep down
 You know that he is i think glimpses of that. I think it's possible, but it's definitely very
 Is he there? Where is he? He has the day off
 Do you leave for the day? I don't know his computer's here. I don't know his computer's here. We'll make fun of me
 Yeah, of course. He's probably skipped out early
 Um
 Okay, what are you glad you did and wouldn't change business wise?
 Um
 biggest thing i'm glad I did
 And this took me 12 years before I did it was actually bringing in partners
 I was first 12 years. I was like, no, I'm Russell. I'm the guy who started his business blah blah blah and like
 um
 And so because of that like
 You can hire people, but that's it and then
 Clickphones came around Todd Todd and I said that we brainstormed holding a click funnel
 And he's like hey, I'm only gonna do this if we can be partners instead of
 Instead of like an employee and I was just like
 Oh, and like the prideful Russell was like, no, I'm not like
 But then I was like we just did the end of my whole business crashing
 So I've been humbled a lot and I was like, you know what?
 All right, let's do it and like
 Transformed everything so grateful for for that and I think
 um
 If I was ever started coming to again like my first step before everything would be
 Assembly my Avengers team or my Justice League team where everyone I call it before I got started
 I'm like, can you the best of the world at least five spot?
 I got it if I hear the
 The five or six people are things we need and I go and spend the first year just recruiting those people and get even place
 And then create the things
 Instead of instead of like you starting the entrepreneur and then hiring employee one employee two and employee, you know, it's like
 Man so much faster just to go the other way around
 Awesome. Um, what's the craziest thing you've ever sent in the mail?
 Physical mail?
 Mm-hmm
 I don't have my make a time my friend's story because it's the craziest ever. Okay. I think I know it but
 I tried this already
 Hey, so my friend he he pooped in a box and then he said and he mailed it and apparently he's a federal offense to mail poop
 And so he uh he did a college and the college mail
 Room got it and smelt it and he actually got expelled from Brigham Young University
 But never went to the mail, but here's the federal offense to mail poop
 So wow so I got intercepted before it departed from BYU campus. It could have been it could have been bad
 Wow
 Okay, so don't recommend that right? I think I didn't wear a sadder of meldo
 Not meldo's like pizzas. I call like pizz
 I've done a lot of times but call the pizza delivery place wherever the guy's at and like deliver like 10 pizzas at once
 So buy that yeah just to get people's attention. Yeah, we're sad. Love it. Um
 What's something that having a team relieves you from?
 Um
 It lets me
 Like right off click funnel people would ask like how do you keep up with the software? I'm like I don't I don't
 I use it and I complain and that's all I do and then like
 That team does everything and so like I don't worry about that and then
 um like I'll live focused on like the part I like which is the marketing and like that's all I have to do like I get
 I get to stay within my like unique ability and I have to like blend all the other things
 And I think that's the key of like in fact jsp for if he was here you quote some famous old guy who said something that was really cool
 um, but like division of labor something something there's the quote he can find a force but
 um
 Like basically like letting me be my unique ability and having every other person do the unique ability
 As opposed to other things like mandy when like when she started coaching with us which was really cool is um
 She has focused on the coaching of it, right? And then first I was like, okay and then do this and this and this and
 She started like the administration wasn't very good. Melanie's amazing administration. So like how about Melanie help?
 Mandy like and like now it just runs awesome. So it's like and melon's like the most amazing person like that in the world like
 So it's like as everybody like be good in the unique ability or I used to try to like
 Bring someone in a role and try to give them like 30 things to do because I thought they should all be able to do 30 things
 Well, they did one thing in the unique ability everything else just sucked
 And I think I think the reason I did a podcast on so a while ago
 But I think the reasons because as entrepreneurs we start the business initially and we have to do all 30 things
 And we suck at most of them
 But because like we just have so much brute force like we have success
 And we hire people expect them to do 30 things like we did
 And that's like the wrong way. Look at it
 It's like you bring someone into the one thing and be the best at that and take that piece away from you
 And they do it really times better and then you can you keep doing that
 That's what team gives me the ability to do now is just focus on my unique ability and nothing else
 Love it. Um
 Okay, I reserved 30 second time slot for you to give a shameless plug to something you'd like to sell
 starting
 No
 Hey everybody welcome to the pitch section of the decade
 I would really like to sell
 Um, um, I kind of want to do
 I got nothing man. I don't even know
 Oh, I know what we do. Okay
 So you see this book it's pretty cool this book about herself
 But we just wrote a book on network marketing secrets for MLMers
 And it's like exactly this thing and it's got cartoons like this in it. It's so awesome
 So, um, that's gonna go live in like a week and a half
 So you should go buy that even if you're not network marketing just to support me into funnel hacking
 Awesome. Love it. Um, how do they get it? Where do that? Is there even a URL yet? It will be a network marketing secrets.com
 Go there. No, it's okay
 Dude, that was actually really good off the cusp like that. Well done. I should have given you a heads up
 Um, okay. Now I have reserved myself 30 seconds for a shameless plug
 Okay, and mine's more rehearsed and go so, um all the time I get people ask me literally all the time dana
 How do you sell a book for $2,000 when everybody else sells them for 20 bucks?
 How do you charge 20 grand for something that other people charge 500 for?
 How do you make so much money as a goat farmer with only four goats in your herd, right?
 And I'm just like dude
 It's simple. It's the dream 100. So, um, if you haven't had a chance
 If you have if you don't know what the dream 100 is go
 Get chat homes ultimate sales machine book if you do and you're ready to just go hog wild in it and explode your business
 then go get the dream 100 book and
 to uh, uh
 Where do you get dream 100 book dana? dream 100 book
 Okay, cool. Is it what's the price on it? Is it still um it's too grand
 Well, kind of unless you find the secret link where you can get it free plus shipping
 But yeah dream 100 book.com
 Forward slash free
 Don't share it. Oh boy. Um, what's the biggest domino you tip over every day
 Dang these are your questions every day
 Um
 For me now it's making sure that my team all has
 What they need to get what done what they're doing like as i'm looking at my role now
 It's less than me doing things the more me coaching people who are doing things
 It's making sure that like everyone has ability to run in the morning
 So that they're not waiting on direction or you know, I mean
 And we have a lot of east coast people so like for good at bed and I try to make sure that like east coast people have what they have
 So they make up two hours of variety that they can like start running
 Um
 That's the biggest thing. Awesome. That's great. Um, I heard the internet speed and Boise is capped at 1.5 megabits per second
 Is that really true if so, how can such a successful tech company be headquartered there?
 Is that true melon? Do you know?
 I have no idea
 We do get angry though often to add it. So is that really true?
 I I have no idea. I'm in a much more rural area. So I just yeah, I doubt it
 Um, I just published my fifth earth shattering book for entrepreneurs and sellers
 Should I keep writing more and put them on the shelf for a while to collect us and do nothing at all with the hundreds of
 Hours invested in them or start promoting in Selma
 That's a jab at myself because you called me out in the last
 mastermind
 For that no, I think
 What's funny though is I last mastermind is Ryan my big epiphany too of like
 focusing on the value ladder and then all our creativity should be focused on the front end of value ladder bring people in like I spent
 Almost every day since then trying to get the rest of my value ladder in place. I've killed two businesses that both made over a million dollars a year
 Um because they didn't fit in the value ladder and and like so I took that to heart. I know hopefully you have as well
 I think that's it like you can keep creating stuff, but it's like
 As long as there's the back and the support it
 Love it. Um
 The only other time I went to Orlando, Florida my fiance ended up coming home pregnant
 Should we put out a psa to run couples traveling there for funnel hacking live that there's something in the air down there
 Are we down there this time too?
 The first time we got pregnant the second time we got married
 I'm the librarian. I got people lobbying for right now. Yeah, it's gonna become a hashtag. Yeah
 Uh, okay. I'm just gonna skip to the good ones. Um, I read about a story about
 A farmer who is visiting your house that tripped into your pool in the pitch black and fell flat out on your pool cover and nearly
 Ripped it apart and scared all of your children in the process. Is that true?
 It is so true. I wish the camera would have been rolling for that. It was amazing
 We have a pool cover that's like the same color as the cement around it. It was dark outside
 So danny goes and walks right to the pool covers like
 My kids like that
 It was amazing. Oh man
 Uh, okay finishing up here. Um, will you sell me your domain name dream 100 secrets.com, please
 You're not even losing it right on that one. Yeah, you're not using it though. I could use it
 I might be a for that. Definitely definitely
 Um
 Okay. Well, I'm I
 Exhausted all the good ones. So unless there's any good ones in the chat
 Everyone's just going crazy. Everyone's just laughing at me. This is this is amazing. This is gorgeous
 No good questions
 All right, that's all right unless you have anything for me. I mean
 Um
 Let me think
 When it when are you launching the super funnel actually so I tell you what we call it inside our office now for us
 Well, this is gonna be good
 Well, which board is it on?
 There it is
 This is called project mother funnel
 This is this is our mother funnel
 That sends people all the way through a value ladder in the shortest period time possible in the most exciting way possible
 AKA project mother funnel my question for you
 With your new value ladder and multiple front ends. When is your project mother funnel all going live?
 I want to hold you accountable. We got to cover up that wall. I know I wish I could
 Show you through that wall. It's still there. Um
 I'm gonna
 Say ASAP. How's that? I love it. I'm getting this done by my birthday March 8th my birthday present to myself
 Did you get yours on my March 8th? I'll do it and what's it? What's the who what's the bet then who has to do what?
 So
 It has to be letting your goats or both. Yep
 Let's see. So you lose Dana. You get married a funnel hacking live. He wants a though Becca does it. That's the problem. I actually do
 They want a beach wedding. If you know the beach we can do it
 We can bring the beach to us. I have sand sanded boys. We could bring it in the room. It'd be a pain
 How about you have to bring a goat to the office for a day
 If you don't hit yours, okay, and
 I have to
 Sleep with my goats for a night
 Wait like enjoy that though. That's not what kind of yeah, there's different levels of that. There we go. I have to
 Hey, don't knock it till you try it you guys jeez
 How about this if uh
 Do you get the whole thing live by my birthday? I may I maybe will to sell you dream 100 seekers.com if not
 I'm watching a competitor product. I'm gonna take you out. Oh geez
 This is gonna be a nasty smear campaign
 Okay deal I take the deal
 That's awesome. What happens if you don't get it by March 8th?
 There we go here for a day. Go for a day. I'm in on that. Okay, that'd be actually a good episode, but
 All right, thank you guys. I appreciate you. Thanks Katie. You're awesome, man
 Yeah
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.com
 have a look at this film in
