 Good morning everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to marketing secrets podcast. I am pumped to be here with you guys today
 And I'm gonna tell you a little about the event that happens last weekend
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so last night we just got back from the traffic secrets event
 Yes, you heard me right the traffic secrets event what?
 which is really really exciting and
 Now I'm actually heading to the dentist. So I've got a little window
 I'm definitely late for the dentist, but that's what he gets for being a dentist. Just kidding. I like my dentist lot
 He's a cool guy, but I get my teeth drilled or something. So that's kind of one of those things
 But I just want to tell you as about last weekend and why we did it and all bunch of other stuff. So
 Those who know my journey know my story over the last few years know that
 A long long long time ago like 10 years ago. I had an idea. I wanted to write a book
 But I feel like you have to earn a book right like it's not something that's just like given to you have to earn it
 And so I bought the domain name dot com secrets comm because I was like I want to write a book called dot com
 Secret comms I'm gonna teach people the secrets of the dot com thing anyway
 Looking back now, I probably named him something different
 But that was the name and I wanted to be book and in a sat there for like a decade where it wasn't a book
 which is my head and in one day I was out to
 Dinner with my buddy Chad Woolner and we were at Carl's Jr. Eating while watching our kids
 play on the playground thing and
 He said something very profound to me. He said you know, they've ever seen you and Tony Robbins and Brendan Bouchard
 I'm like now what he's like. Why feel like your content's better. You're helping more people. You know, it's cool stuff
 But they seem more they seem more legitimate than you because they've written books
 I was like what and first I want to like curse them out and then next I was like crap
 He's thinking that one of my close friends. They what is the rest of the world thinking?
 I was like, all right if I'm gonna legitimize what I'm doing. I need to write a book
 This is about same time we're working on ClickFunnels
 So these two projects are happening simultaneously because that's the smart way to do it
 Just write a book and launch a software company in the exact same time, right?
 So I start the journey
 We start writing the book and I spent a long long long time and wrote the whole first draft of the book and
 After I wrote it, I looked at it and I was like I'm not proud of it
 And I told us the traffic seekers event one of the life lessons I got for my dad
 I remember one time he asked me to go clean the car
 It's like is it probably yeah, I'm eight and nine years old
 I want to clean the car and came back and my dad okay, it's clean you come look at it
 So I can go out and play and he's like where you proud of it like I don't know
 He's like well if you're proud of it and you're done. I'm like
 Crap I was like well, I'm probably not proud of it
 So I went back down the car. I start cleaning I re-clean the whole thing, you know
 And this time I made sure I was proud of it. I went back up kid
 I cut the cars done and he said the same thing said you proud of it. I said yeah
 I said okay, then you're done you didn't come look at it and I was like, you know life lesson right there boom
 So fast forward now 20 years later
 And I'm reading the manuscript for the book that I'm about to go send the publisher and I was like I'm not proud of this
 And so I decided to just get rid of it. So I got rid of the script and I thought you know
 The reason the problem was like all the stuff was in there
 But like I don't know didn't like make sense like in right order
 And there's like this chicken in the egg concept like what comes first
 I have to know this before they know this and like all these things right and
 So I thought you know the best way to do this is actually teach a live event because then I can like
 Explain it and see in people's eyes and see what makes sense and see what things are out of context and all that stuff
 So my little coaching program at the time is called dot-com secrets ignite some of you may have been in that I said all right guys everyone come to Boise
 We are
 Going to teach this event called dot-com secrets and I ended up getting about a hundred people should be Boise
 And for three days I taught the concept of the book and what was interesting is that like as I was teaching
 I'm like ah crap you need context like this doesn't make sense because you need to explain this and so like I
 Taught the whole thing right and
 After I've done a rearrange outline and change everything around till it's like oh
 Here's the book and then I start over and we wrote a book and then boom we have dot-com secrets
 Which I'm very proud of so I was the that was the first book right and the second and then I was like I will never write a book again
 There's so much pain associated make them all the projects I've ever done
 That was like the most amount of work and the least amount of money made from a project
 Because books don't make you a ton of money
 They make you good money if you do it right you do it through funnel way we do
 But it wasn't like insane right like I'm used to the funnels that you launch it and they do you know a few million dollars
 Abigay this one you know sold a ton of books, but it wasn't like it was wasn't short term like huge monetary success
 Looking back at it now five years later. It's been huge like monetary success
 I exist in doctrine Asian piece that got people to understand funnels which then created the desire and the need for click funnels
 Anyway, so I get a book done and as I'm never gonna write a book again and then
 Man like a year later. I met this
 Mastermind meeting was actually happening again this this weekend kind of funny. It was a Joe Paul's just master my meeting
 And I and I'm going in I get invited
 To this dinner night before with a couple people some of the dinner and sitting across me
 They put me to dinner is this guy named Dean Grossy
 I'll see some you guys know Dean and I've been a fan of deans for a long time
 We met once or twice, but just you know
 He was the dude who's on infomercials for 20 years
 I used to watch his infomercials and study him and you know write the scripts out because I was a marketing nerd right and just
 Love what he was doing some sitting across when we're talking about having those conversations in the middle of this conversation
 About something completely different. I had this like
 Civilization that was like you need to write a book called you need to write a book and it's going to be called extra secrets and somehow
 Dean's gonna help you on my own surface in infomercial or something, but like
 You need to use it to write the book. I'm like, oh crap. I don't want to write a book
 But I bought that domain like two or three years earlier
 So I'm in road to bed that night and Dave would would stay with me
 And I was like I'm writing another book. He's like what and we started talking about he's freaking out
 We're freaking out and so that started the journey. So guess what I did. I wrote an entire copy of the book
 I was so excited so that was this time here which right now we're in October
 Send fast forward to next summer since I'd spent six months writing this book
 So that summer I think was June or July was that my family union?
 I was I was supposed to be going through the final edits of the draft to be able to send to my publisher
 So I'm reading the drafts and I'm as I'm reading it on my two or three pages in and I and I had the same realization
 I'm not proud of this and I was like no like I spent too much time on this and I just like it's not right and
 So back then I was snap chatting so I got him snap chat live
 And I said everyone I've been writing this book last six seven months and I am not proud of it
 And so I highlighted the entire book live on snapchat and deleted and I received the file
 So it was gone gone. It was only copy ahead and I was like it's gone and
 Everyone's freaking I get people message me like no Russell. I will pay you a thousand dollars to read that man
 You script Mike no, it's gone forever. I'm proud of it
 But I want to leaking out to the interwebs and people make all that's Russell's book and so I decided after that
 I was like I need to do an event like I did last time so I called up my now a mini-ear inner circle the time
 I said you guys are doing event and boys the next month boom come to this event
 And I didn't know where I was gonna go I just knew that the event hidden schedule therefore I must figure out
 how to teach this concept in a really short period of time and so
 And sitting I was going to Kenya so we fly to Kenya on the flight to Kenya on the
 Gravel roads in Kenya and on the flight home from Kenya
 I am reading mapping out studying planning plotting scheming building out the framework for this book and if you've read my books
 You know I doodle out every concept some doodling every single concept putting a chronological order trying to get the best I can
 I land in Boise coming home from Kenya our flight got delayed by 36 hours
 So it's a day late getting home and my event was the next day
 So I land go to bed wake up the morning and I go to this event to teach the concepts again
 and I teach the extra seekers concepts over two days and
 And that was fun is like again same thing like I'm teaching stuff and some things make total sense people other things
 I get stuck and I like re-teaching like and like redo the framework and I'm trying to like I remember one concept to like
 I thought I was gonna take like 10 15 minutes to explain
 We didn't spend three hours in one on the group because they couldn't figure out how to make it simple and they have simplified and
 Anyway, when that was done then took the outline
 Retweeted it and then boom I went back to writing and I wrote the expert seekers book. So there's past number two, right?
 So this time I had again after I was like I will never write a book
 I forgot paying for any book starting this was horrible and I was like I'll never write a book
 And then it literally in the middle of the expert seekers launch like day two or day three
 I get a message from John race who said hey, would you be interested in buying traffic secrets from me?
 And I was like oh my gosh
 like
 This could be the trilogy like I could get hardbound trilogy box that like this would be the greatest thing in the world
 I'm a doc on secrets expert secrets traffic secrets and then my podcast which you'll see now is marketing secrets marketing secrets like the daily
 What's happening in the world right now thoughts the top of the consciousness mind right and the other books are like the foundational
 Cornerstones that are the evergreen pieces that never change
 And I was just like I have to buy this and emotionally I bought it which means you spend a lot more money than me
 Should but I knew that like that was book number three
 So now fast forward where year and a half past experts secrets launching. It's sold hundreds of thousands of copies
 It's changed a lot of people's lives and it's helped people's funnels to grow which has been really really good and now I'm sitting here and
 Trying to figure out
 This third book and I was like should I write start writing and then like no I must do an event first
 So I called up all my inner circle to comic club X members
 And said you know what?
 I'm going to offer something I wasn't doing before and we're doing an event and it's gonna be amazing. So
 Next thing we know now we're in sorry my car so loud
 And I'm super late for the dentist anyway, so
 Next thing we know I'm in Arizona and we're for two days teaching the traffic seekers book and it was fun in the same concept
 Monday I came in and started doodling out had the framework that doodles things on Monday Tuesday and all their Wednesday
 Doodling sketching pretty other process pretty good the framework and then Thursday morning step on stage and started teaching the traffic seekers book and
 taught it Thursday and thought of Friday and
 Yeah, it turned out good now
 I know what shifts and what changes and what things I need to to move around and and now the brightening process begins
 But it was it was really cool
 So I want to show with you guys because that's my process and a lot of you guys are struggling
 How do you teach content? You write books? How do you blah blah blah blah and it's like for me? It's all about like
 First off I basically read outline like here's outline one want to create number two is I build the frameworks
 Right it's for me the frameworks of these doodles
 I doodle out like here's the framework of what I'm trying to teach the conceptual thing
 Right and then for me now what I found is the shortcut is then get a bunch of people in the room and teach it
 And as you teach it's cool because like people sitting in the room don't have context
 so it's like if you explain something like I've know you're talking about you're like oh my gosh
 I need explain that earlier in the book or it's not gonna make sense right and
 And yeah, and so that's that's kind of how how I do my process and so I'm gonna do another episode
 in your future about frameworks because
 Stephen Larson I were talking about he's like he's like a thing you're the best at is building up framework
 He's like you're like a framework king like everyone needs to become framework kings because
 You know the frameworks easy to teach off of us like how do you actually build the framework?
 You know my my process has been going back, you know 20
 30 40 50 years in the past learning from the best direct response markers of all time
 Thinking out with a framework start bringing in modern day and then church
 You know creating frameworks now all of us can go and use in our world and our businesses and things like that so
 Anyway, it's kind of interesting so I want to share that with you guys
 And hopefully give you some ideas for those who are like stressed out like oh Russell credit book
 Russell's like no Russell struggles writing books more than anybody like what he does is this process and that works
 So anyway, I hope it helps
 But that said you guys I'm almost a dense amount of bounce
 Thank you so much for listening and I hope you guys are getting excited for the third book. I have to have it to the publisher
 By May 1st, we're also republishing.com secrets expert secrets
 I'm gonna be adding about a hundred pages to each book and republishing them as hardbound books and this is gonna come when we launch
 Next September, I think is my launch date
 They're gonna come in like a box set which is like the coolest thing ever. It's like the Star Wars trilogy only a cooler or Lord rings trilogy
 But even cooler it's the secrets
 Trilogy so all right guys be sure to get prepared and excited and ready to buy this one ready because you're gonna love
 It's gonna be amazing. I promise you I've killed myself to make sure the books are great for you guys
 So appreciate you all thanks so much for everything and we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 You can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm seekers
 You get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [APPLAUSE]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
