 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast formally known as marketing your car
 And right now we were back in the car, so I feel a little nostalgic
 But going to a dentist appointment today starting six minutes. It's probably a 10 minute drive and traffic is literally stopped
 My wife told me not to take shit and I did anyway my own fault should listen anyway
 That's what's going on today
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody, so
 I hope everyone out there's having an awesome time
 It's been really fun this week. So if you listen along as we go
 We had two weeks ago
 We had a fat event and then the viral video van which weren't awesome
 Then last week I had four days of inner circle meetings and had a one-day consult
 So yes last week I didn't give you any of my own work and yesterday was the first day
 I got to get back and actually do my own thing which was awesome and exciting and amazing
 And I'm so grateful for it
 And so it was fun to kind of get back to work and it's been interesting
 As I've been talking to inner circle a lot you tell people like phases of business right going zero to million million ten ten to a hundred and
 If you listen to me talk about this, it's gonna be a big theme at Fun Hacking Live this year and by the way tickets for that are going on sell
 this
 This week so
 Yeah, it'll be fun hacking live.com
 We should have tickets sales. We pre sold over a thousand tickets already
 So we don't have a lot of tickets left, but those are going to sell this week
 So every time you listen to this it might be live if you want to come to Fun Hacking Live go to Fun Hacking Live.com
 anyway, so
 So that's been a big theme in my inner circle theme in my company every day that and yesterday was the first time
 I'm going to chance to really focus on the traffic part of it
 Which is fun because again going from zero to millions all about figuring out your what and your how what are you selling and how are you selling it?
 It's not as bright my eyes. Sorry
 And after you that out like you know you figure that out because you go from zero to million dollars like overnight
 As soon as you figure that out so figure out what in the how is the first phase actually figure that out in the second phase
 Then it's like scaling that so it come is coming down like building out the infrastructure
 So actually we step back so zero to millions really like everything we talk about expert secrets, right?
 Finding out what you're selling who you are what your message finding your voice, etc, etc. Then number two
 Going from a million to ten is all about basically the dot com seekers principles building on a value ladder front ends back ends like
 maximizing the the journey in the process and all that kind of stuff and
 It's not second phase and third phase is going from ten to a hundred million
 and that's where we're at right now, so
 Some of you may may know we about traffic secrets dot com from John Reese and that's gonna be
 I don't know what's the next book, but it's the next book in the series. It's gonna be all about that part is going
 Excuse me going from
 From you know how to scale the traffic sites and going from ten to a hundred million and so what's fun is like yesterday
 It was the first time we had a chance to sit down in room for like all day and plan and map and like really build out that process
 What's interesting is I look at?
 Our business to this point we've done well this year. Well, it doesn't matter
 You know, it's it's grown really well, right? We're doing we're doing some some pretty good things
 But what's been interesting is that if you look at how it doesn't you point like the focus is all on the funnel
 It's gonna build the funnel and that funnels done. It's like okay now. We're gonna try traffic
 We're going you know by ads and we do those kind of things like that whereas this new phase
 So bright rise the new phase that we're going into
 Which is you know scaling
 Beyond is they just it's all about getting more people into the front of the funnel, right? And so
 Because after you get people in front of the fun like the structure like all the doc on cigarettes are front and back and funnels value
 I also sort of built out like you're gonna keep adding stuff there
 Now, it's just like dumping more fuel into the fire. That's kind of phase that we're at right now
 Which is an exciting fun phase, right?
 And so what's interesting is we're mapping this thing out. I wish I could show you guys it's all the pre funnel stuff
 Like most people get like here's my funnel. What's the atom?
 I'm gonna buy and like the process we're working on and we're building out internally is is there's like four phases that
 Happened before you ever get to the ad okay. There's like the research phase. It's like a whole bunch of research. We're going into
 You know like keywords headline articles like who trying to be like funnel hacking deep, right?
 So it's like the research phase and from there we have a bunch of stuff
 Deliverables were like okay based on that. Here's the 30 or 60 or 90 headlines unique. We do create videos for here's the
 here's the
 You know 15,000 word article we need to create here's the title and the keywords of focusing on it
 Here's it's going through all the steps of the deliverables then after that then it's like now
 We have to produce all the steps of third phase that is going in you know
 For me, it's doing a billion videos
 I got the busy street doing billion videos
 writing the content like all this is like the production phase and the production phase is over then it goes to
 The asset phase which is like each video then turns into you know five thumbnail or five quote card
 YouTube video Facebook video this like all the actual assets that you've created and from there
 There's had a promotional team which is phase five and the promotion
 You know takes all this stuff and use it to promote the funnel and so it's crazy like
 so exciting
 I honestly blows my mind that we built our company as as far as we have based on like literally
 Us building a really good funnel and just turning on ads and that's it. It's like we're missing
 It's like again comes back to the tip of the iceberg right like we're doing the tip
 We're missing the rest and so now we're coming back into the rest of it
 And I really think I mean outside of like there's a lot of infrastructure and people and like other things that we need in
 Places we're growing from you know to a hundred million in the beyond
 So we're working on those kind of things
 But what's interesting is from the traffic side like that's we're building out now building out the systems and it's exciting
 So it is a process is starting right now started yesterday
 And it will culminate
 Probably next 18 months in a book called traffic secrets. It'll be showing you guys behind the scenes of what
 What it ended up becoming
 Beat the slide anyway, so that's that is kind of what
 Sorry, you see how good of a driver I am I always get messages after this like Russell you should be driving while you're talking
 I'm like I've got my hands. I'm good
 Anyway, so that's that's exciting as what kind of building out is after I've perfected the model proven it
 We used it to go from you know 70 80 million to 700 million
 They'll have a good blueprint to be able to show everybody like this is the track
 This is traffic secrets. This is the foundation behind it
 Which is kind of cool. So anyway, that's kind of what's happening over here, and it's exciting and fun and
 Yeah, the only place we're really talking is publicly some of you guys are in our failure funnel course
 That's what we're really going deep into this and kind of mapping out the strategy in this process in this plan
 But we're trying to figure it out all internally on our side
 So as we keep getting a better we'll be publishing it there until we got it all perfected and it becomes a book
 So but I want you guys thinking more about that like think more about
 All the front-end stuff that that you do to get traffic into your funnel try like most again most of us just
 Just like spend all this time and energy effort getting the funnel right and then we turn on ads. That's it. It's like
 Like there's so much more that goes into it before so anyway, that's kind of what's happening here. So a
 Couple of their exciting developments one thing is
 If you've been listening to the marketing your car podcast for any amount of time or marketing secrets for a long time before that
 I have somebody a secret secret spy right now going through all the past episodes
 It's a threat road. I think it is and we're categorizing all of it and we're gonna be turning this crazy podcast
 We're gonna take out all the crap and all the fluff and all the ones that were just me rambling
 Incoharantly and finding all the best and putting them into a chronological or not chronological with the right order and
 Actually making a book called marketing secrets. Can't tell them kind of obsessed recently with making books
 We got the extra secrets book was which is the two years of my life cookbook which was like
 Photonacred cookbook. She haven't got that go to fun hackers cookbook calm or funnel cookbook calm is actually easier to remember
 funnel cookbook calm and
 In fact right now, it's I think it's ten bucks a plus shipping or something like that to get a 350 page spiral bound
 cookbook which is insane, but
 I'm really I'm really into the whole book thing
 I think books create legacy more than anything else and at this point in my career. It feels like that's what my
 Getting drawn to is stuff. That's the legacy as opposed to promotional stuff. So you may see a couple more books coming out of me
 over next few years
 And hopefully they try good. I've tried to write two really good books. I think the first two are not good
 I'm proud of them. So hopefully you guys like the other ones
 But this one thing would be fun book
 There'll be kind of like an ongoing series called marketing secrets wherever you know three years
 I can publish a new book. I'm like hey, here's the next 400 marketing secrets that that
 Came out of me driving in my car back and forth and here's what you know
 Here's just idea after idea after idea, you know the first two books doc on secrets next we're secrets have been very much process based
 It's like you have to go through step one step two step three steps before you know kind of like that
 Where's marketing secrets to goals be more like you flip it open and you're like you just grab like hey with secret 27
 Oh cool urgency and scarcity. I can use that here. Here's your marketing secret in 292
 So anyway, that's kind of a game plan with that book. So it'll be fun
 So that would probably be the next book and then that's other cool. Anyway, it's my cool things
 So anyway, that's all I got you guys almost the dentist. So I'm gonna go hang out with them
 Appreciate you all for listening subscribing if you're not subscribed yet go to iTunes and subscribe
 I think last I checked we're number right through your four top business podcast in the world. So thank you for that
 Hopefully keep a ranked up high
 but yeah, come listen subscribe and hang out with us and
 And we'll keep giving you the goods
 All right guys appreciate all talk soon. Bye
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called calm secrets
 And you get your free copy at calm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
