 Hey everyone, it's Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast today. We were talking about
 What it's like being an introvert inside of an extrovert an extrovert's calling here we go
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so
 Last week was a little bit insane, but I think I only slept about two and a half hours last night
 and
 I am really excited to possibly the kids are almost all in bed
 But one of the most interesting homework sounds like you know
 I'm a sneak away talk to you guys before I pass out and then go back and finish the homework
 That's what we're here right now. So last week
 There was an event that I wanted to be after a long time and got invited about six or seven months ago
 So looking forward to it and then after some else I can invite to speak a lot of events and unfortunately I've said no to most of them
 just because
 It's just hard to leave and travel and be away from family. So it's not typically worth the
 Investment or the you know the time away
 Especially this level in the business is tough because like someone I've had people come back like hey
 Oh pay you hundred thousand dollars come speak and I'm like
 Like I feel like a jerk. It's like there's a day of travel there being there. They'll travel back. It's like
 It's not like I can do a webinar and clear away more than that
 You know, I mean it and be able to go sit my own bed at night and be with my kids at night
 So just tough unfortunately, but um someone asked me one of my friends James Malanch I've asked me and since I was already going to be at
 Speaking at Warrior Con which is get wide speaking by that super sad to speak at James was the same city
 So it's like sweet dude all the strive over and won't do this whole thing
 So then we're then when I came I'm gonna be in LA might as well like what else is in LA
 Right? Oh, Tyler Pezz is LA
 We should hang out tie and then like Justin Terribleiams are in or in LA
 So we're staying out there and turn out to be really really cool. Here comes Bo Dog. He was been working at some work
 Say hi everybody
 So anyway, so the vacation was crazy. So basically what happened is Dave and I jumped in a plane and
 flew out there to LA and
 then that night we got the Warrior event and so we started sneaking and
 We were in the back and we had white shirts on and everyone warriors got like black shirts on say warrior on it
 And I was speaking like stay but I walk in and they came grab shirts like go put these on right now
 So I'm like, oh, so put our shirts on so we could fit in with
 So you fit in with the whole cult chair that they're building over there. It was just cool
 And then that night was gonna work on slides. I was super tired
 So it went to bed well good morning and there's more good slides and I was super tired. So we didn't they went got massages don't tell mom
 Sages are really good. They have to massage those up. It's gonna work on slides
 And then I didn't and then Justin Terra came for lunch
 We hung out them for lunch was awesome
 And then it was like the night hour or 12th hour however that works
 So I had to go get slides done. So went up to the room got my slides done
 So I Kevin Anderson who does all of our fun soccer TV stuff
 He came to come film and Brandon Fisher was there as well
 There's all other video stuff. So it's kind of cool that have those guys come out as well
 And they were they were filming the room walking around getting a bunch of footage of everything
 Which is pretty sweet. So you probably see some of some fun after TV soon
 That's not what's happening and then
 So a warrior is insane 600 men just like
 Insane everyone dressed in black and it was really cool because I was teaching a lot of the expert singers book stuff
 But as I was teaching it to them is also showing how Garrett had done it the process Garrett done to create the warrior movement
 It was really kind of cool big. Here's this piece of it. Here's how I did it
 Here's what Garrett's here's what you need to do and then kind of go through the whole thing
 So I never thought it was pretty cool with problems like so bad
 I started the presentation and I could come up and you know
 Garrett does he used to get everyone pumped up excited and come on stage and then like start my slides my slides aren't working and it's like
 And my first and I had an all research to find out like the day
 We launched click funnels and it was like a hundred thirty days later that he launched his led the dates at the time
 I had all except the first slides. It wasn't like I could just be a small way for the first three or four slides
 I'd like the pictures and the date and I'm like
 Well, huh?
 So super anti-climatic the first five or six or probably I seem like an hour probably the first two or three minutes
 And then like then they came back
 That was kind of like you know
 You get kind of thrown off it took me like five six minutes to get back on and then I think the rest of the presentation
 Pretty well after that and that was awesome and then we got done and we're supposed to leave
 We had to tie Lopez's house, which is like two hour drive. I think
 but I also assume a clarin was doing a charity event and
 This is homework we're talking about some minute. We're almost done by the new can okay, and so
 When stupid stupid clarin is an all-in charity event
 So I was just doing an interview for that so jumped on the hotel before we left and of course hotel internet goes out
 Keeps going in and outs was like all anyway
 But did our best there and when it raised like 22,000 bucks
 I think for that charity event was really sweet to help some families out there having struggled hurricane stuff and then
 Jibben uber drove Tyler Puss's house. They asked us we got today
 What's your hard leave time? I could leave at 11 o'clock sharp there. Okay, so we ended up being there till after one
 That's 130 I think we filmed two info products there a dinner with Ty and then did an interview with him
 But she had seen yet. It's online and it ended up being
 Hand to be in almost two hours long. It was really good. I'm gonna see if I can get it on the podcast
 So I may I may play it here for you guys to hear
 I think it's not really cool and if I do that I'll explain some of the reason behind on the podcast
 But then we got to that like one in the morning. We jumped into uber got home by two right to the new hotel somewhere else by two and then
 Passed out and then woke up at like six because I still have you slides from next days events
 We're gonna slides all day. I think I'm down
 Get on stage at James event
 close like 30% of the room on our package and
 Yeah, do the whole thing and then by the time we left we're trying to airport
 I was just like I think my eyes open. I'm so tired. We try the airport
 Fly home and it's interesting because in the situation like I'm on stage hundreds of people average cheering. It's like I love that
 That's
 Me is russly extra for right. I love that like my calling in life and businesses like
 Requires me to do that be good at that right because I have sent a stage for all these people and entertaining
 Inspired hopefully given the tools they need to be able to move forward
 But a lot of people knows that's not natural to me. I'm not naturally very extroverted in fact my whole entire life up until
 I'm probably 10 years ago and I kind of started this business
 It wasn't even I started this business was way into the business before I learned like realized I had to start learning how to speak and talk
 But I was super
 Introverted in fact still am very very introverted, but when I'm in those situations like I'm at an event
 and
 At I'm on stage like I just it comes out. I mean I just I love it like I really enjoy it, but it's funny because
 Dave who's there at all these events like he's like you're on stage like you're in present
 You're like doing your thing you're like loving and you got stage. It's gonna come to ask you a question and you just like
 Shrinking this weird introverted like you can tell like I'm not comfortable in that kind of a
 Situation and James Malanchak's event is funny because I haven't spoken event like that we speak and sell and then people can ask you questions
 For a long time and it was just tough because like I'm in the back of the room and I for an hour and a half
 I had people ask me a question after question after question, which is like super uncomfortable for me typically and
 Introverted Russell was really really struggling and then as friends I got home
 We flew we took it were home flew home. We got back my house about midnight and the next morning at like eight o'clock. We had this big
 church
 Christmas party that my wife is in charge of
 Such a crazy week and so we get there and there's you know
 All the entire church and all these people and all this stuff and they're with the kids because she was getting separated
 So bring the kids in and it's just interesting because I come in and
 Totally like introverted Russell took over like not come from that situation
 I kind of sat on the table with my kids and there's always amazing
 People that go to church with us that I know who they are like them
 Like I come a lot and there's such a bunch of guys
 I really think they're just awesome and it's so weird how like how much fear I have to go and just
 Go say hi to him like it's like I hate it about that's one thing. I really frustrated myself because
 In in my element, right? It's it's easy to go out there and like people come to me because
 You know, it's whatever. It's the brand. I built you know
 So I go to events people come they want to ask me questions
 So it's really easy. It's very naturally come to me and I can I can talk to him
 I go in these other places where nobody knows who I am and just I'm a person and
 It's hard. I don't know why I struggle so much to go and like walk up and just say hi to him and talk to him
 and it's
 And so anyways, it's interesting how much that introvert side of me how much I struggle with that and I just remember sitting there
 The whole Christmas party looking around seeing all these amazing people and like people that I'm fascinated by that
 I was like, I'm gonna go talk to that person and I'm gonna go ask them a question
 I want to do whatever and just honestly have so much fear
 Inside of me they know it drives me nuts
 I'll just fear that keeps me from going and just like going saying hi and just going and talking to him and they even really do come
 Say hi to me or whatever
 It's just it's just weird like I'm really getting care of the conversation when people come and ask me questions, you know
 But when it's like where I'm neutral ground, they don't really know much about me or whatever. I really struggle like that's like
 How I try to think like I need to be interesting and ask them questions about themselves. So then
 Anyway, but I'm just not as good at that. Anyways, it's just fascinating
 It was just the contrast of like the night before I was on stage from all these people and like people chatting to my name and screaming and going crazy and people crying and like
 This whole thing and then the next day I'm around people that live near me and I can't even like
 Anyway, it's interesting. So that's a little glimpse of what it looks like. So I mean introvert and extrovert
 Positioned or calling so unless you think that I've got everything put together
 I still get scared to death one of my biggest fears in life is calling people like I hate calling people on the phone
 It scares me to death
 That's why you use voxxer if I hear circle members
 That's why I never only phone call I read answers for my wife ever else
 I make a voicemail and then I listen to voicemail and then if
 It sounds awesome. I call them back. Otherwise. I just don't come back at all. I'll text them back or I'll vox them back
 Just because I have these weird fears about that. So anyway, it's not just me. It's it's everyone
 So don't feel bad if you are like aren't you introvert? I'm never gonna be good at this business
 I don't dare talk to people like I get that I get like still to this day. I get so
 Nervous behind it, but that's one of the powers and one of the beautiful things about this kind of business
 I think a lot of my thoughts are like we are introverted. It's really hard to do like face-to-face one-on-one selling
 Man nothing scares me more than that like
 It's funny how we built huge call centers and stuff like that and I
 Probably have ever picked up the phone called someone and sold my phone
 I don't think I would even have the guts to do that yet
 I can stand up for room with a thousand people or five thousand people in selling like for example
 Speaking at Grant Cardone's event in February and they're supposed to be
 Somewhere between 8,500 and 10,000 people. I'm so excited like that like the extra vert in me is like yes
 This is gonna be awesome. I'll step on stage. I'll see speak I'll sell like it was so much fun and then afterwards
 In the hallway when I asked me questions, but I'm like I get all awkward
 Oh, man, well hopefully somebody figured out so hold my kids hopefully bowling over here
 We'll never be nervous. Do you think you never start talking to people at all?
 What you never talking to people yeah, do you never standing in front of a lot of people talking?
 About doing for my entire class you can get a presentation tomorrow
 Wednesday and Wednesday. They make you nervous. Yeah with more than what what makes you more nervous talking
 For a class a bunch of people or just talking one-on-one with somebody
 Probably old class well classed interesting for me
 I just told them for me like when I'm on stage with a whole bunch of people I feel comfortable but then when I want to get really nervous
 but
 I mean it was kind of hard for the shoes because one on one you have to like
 It's kind of hard because like if you mess up the old recognize except if it's a lot of people they don't yield out
 Oh man anyway, so I just want to share it. Yes, and I don't think something anyone is gonna learn
 much from other than hopefully give the introverts out there some hope that they can do this and
 People are extroverted
 Help them understand their superpowers. A lot of guys are gonna be a lot better one-on-one and a lot of introverts just seem like
 It's funny because it's not just me either like talking Frank Kern and Frank Kern's like I love you big events
 But it scares me to talk to people afterwards like he's super introverted
 Anyway, I think a lot of people in in these kind of positions are so it's neat because something introverts can thrive in in
 Mass situation, but then they're
 You know even within there they can still have success. So hopefully helps me guys can make it nervous just maybe think I can't do this
 I can't do this. You know, I'm not like Russell eight people all time
 I'm all you like you Russell. I can't stand up in front of people and just talk for hours like dude
 Yeah, but you can talk some face to face. I can't do that scares the crap out of me. I mean that's a bad word here
 It's family scares the
 Something outside of me
 That's the worst is forward to hear from Russell
 Scared the crud out of me. Yes, let's play better. Good job
 Anyway, so Pope helps those introverts out here to understand how it is you can still succeed in extroverts world
 I'm doing this stuff to an expert secret stuff putting your voice out there putting your message out there
 Because when all is then done, one thing really matters is the impact job in people's lives
 So do it it's worth it and at first you're not gonna be very good
 But if you're consistent with it, you get better and better and better like I told you guys Stephen Larson told me he's like
 Because I started this podcast back before I knew how to see if anyone was listening to it
 so I think the first four or five years I didn't have it hooked any kind of stat system and
 I'm glad because I didn't know I just kept doing it and doing it and steam large for me
 I was like, yeah, the first like 45 46 episodes weren't very good
 He's like I thought start getting really really good though
 But that's how it kind of works like it's all about you guys getting out there and just sharing it sharing it sharing it eventually
 Get comfortable with your voice. I just watch Alice Harfin
 He launches momentum podcast after the pirate's co-master mind this year and he's passing into 80,000 downloads
 There's awesome and what he just posted in Facebook about it was just like
 Because he'd been he thought about doing podcast reference
 I was like to just do it like you'd be awesome at it
 Like just jump off the cliff and he said that my doing it was really cool because like he's like I found my voice I
 People found that started finding me
 Other people refer people like and just like my audience grew. He's like got people listening my voice every single day
 It's just like it's such a good thing
 But against all about just doing it and the more you do it the better you're more your message
 We get clearer better find your voice more comfortably will fill and
 The nicest thing about these mass media things we have like podcasting videos
 Webinars things like that is that even if you're introverted you can still lose because you don't have to talk face-to-face to anybody
 You can do group selling group everything and it's awesome. So there you go. It's all I got
 I'm gonna go get this kid to bed. It gets homework done. If I can go to bed. I am so tired. Anyway, appreciate it all
 And I'm talking soon. Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free behind-the-scenes
 Reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
