 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you back to the marketing seekers podcast today
 I'm giving you guys a very special episode
 We are at the Disney Cruise with my wife and my beautiful kids and right now
 We just pulled earlier today into Tortuga blue. That's how you say it
 We just got done to our excursions and as I was out and about today and honestly last couple days on the cruise
 I had a thought about being a chain-breaker and I wanted to jump on and share with you guys right now
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody, so I'm on a Disney Cruise like I said journey intro and I love cruising. I really enjoy it
 My wife had a funny discussion
 And I'm hoping in advance. Let me preface this before we get too deep into this
 I'm hoping that I don't offend you or too many people who are listening to this
 But I'm probably gonna offend somebody and I just want to apologize in advance
 And if you are offended it probably means
 There's something you should look at
 yourself and I know something for me I've been reflecting a lot this week about myself and
 Anyway, so I'm just kind of putting it out there. I don't mean to be rude
 It's just you know sometimes we don't talk about things because we're afraid of offending people
 I think that it doesn't help people progress and so here we go
 And if this gets really bad, maybe I won't post this one live, but I think it's helpful. So anyway
 Clint and I were talking about how
 You know how these amazing people work on the cruise ships
 They come on here and they're usually on for like nine months in a row and then they get like a couple like a month
 And after two months off and then they come back on another nine months
 And we thought how interesting is when they come on here and they see every week a new group of people like swarm the boat and
 Just the similarities between groups right there's like here's all the people that you know that immediately run the spa and book
 All the spa ones here's the people that run to the buffet here's people really ice cream machine
 Here's people that run to the place and and like just wondering like the patterns and similarities
 You know as you see all the people coming in and
 I was just that's kind of interesting thing. We were talking about and just you know how how people are so similar in their patterns and then
 Today when we're getting off the cruise ship
 we were in line in in front of us there was this little family and
 So those those things that
 you know like
 This is like the moral dilemma that that I have and I'm sure off the staff at times
 But walking out and there's the two little there are three little kids in this family in front of us
 And they're just like my kids
 we're going crazy and you know trying out the boat and the one little kid is like punching the brother and
 Punching and punching and punching the little brothers crying and then the dad turns to the kid who's punching the brother and punches him and says don't punch your brother
 like and
 You know first for second like I was ready like just pop this guy in the head and just
 And just like try not to in these kids crying and stuff. You're just like
 Like what's right? Do I yell this kid wait or yelp dad?
 I'd leave it alone. Do I not right?
 You know all these things go through your head and you know and I don't think you ever give us a manual to tell us how to
 Respond those situations and I remember as I'm looking at
 I'm looking at this kid and then her looking at his dad
 I'm just like getting angry and angry or standing this line and just right like just pop the dad
 You know and I'm sitting here and then I start thinking also like I had this this moment where I look down and I said I
 said
 The only reason like the only logical reason with that guy I thought that was okay
 And I'm gonna stay back because I sometimes pop my kids when I shouldn't so I'm not saying I'm perfect
 In fact, I've had more than once where I've hit my kids telling him stop hitting their brothers and cluts like look at the irony
 You just hit him telling him to stop hitting your brother
 So I'm as guilty they would not skate so so first off don't don't anybody think that I'm making this to position myself differently
 I I am an offender as well, but I started looking at the dad
 And my anger shifted from anger to almost like remorse as I looked at him
 I said man like what must have happened in his life like what would his parents like to him?
 And I was like this little kid's probably gonna pop his kids and then his kids are gonna pop his kids because because that's how that's what they
 They learned right like I guarantee you that this dad his dad probably say him say quit hitting your sisters
 It's because that he thinks that's the right response
 So he hits his his kids
 They know your sister and like and the chain goes on and on and on right
 It's not like one situation is just that but I sort of think about all sorts of things then
 Today when we come back on the boat
 We're walking past the ice cream machine and I'm not gonna life had a few too many ice cream cones
 But at the same time I try to have some limits right and I see this this family and
 Again, I'm not trying to pass judgment and again. I hope I don't offend anybody, but I'm gonna call it the way that I saw it
 There's a mom and a dad each of them
 Probably weighed I would I would say close to 400 pounds
 In from the ice cream machine with huge ice cream cones and their kids who are little tiny kids who probably weighed as much as I did and they're like
 You know four foot seven little kids and and I'm looking at this and I was like like first up for it for a flash of second
 I'm like angry at the parents like waggling your kids have two ice cream cones when you jam like like you should tell them to stop
 Right like these kids are not healthy
 It's gonna be bad for their heart and their lungs and like so many bad things are gonna get teased at school like stop
 And then I looked at the parents are like call the parents don't know any better like his their parents part of the same thing
 Right and I'll start looking awesome this chain of like how far back how many generations back did this thing happen, right?
 And so there was there was that situation that's not thinking about all these other things
 I started thinking about business and start thinking about how many people that I coach
 on a daily weekly monthly yearly basis who
 Literally a hand him all of the tools and the training the techniques to make money, right?
 Making money is not difficult now
 The reason why I say it because I believe it's not difficult but for most people they've given they've been given this pattern from their parents
 And let's say their parents really struggle to make money and their parents like hey making money is hard
 And they've heard that ever since they were a kid
 It's also they come into my world and I'm like hey making money is actually not that difficult like no
 No, no my parents told me it's hard and their parents told me it's hard and their parents and in generations back in time
 It was hard. It was hard. It was hard
 And so even though we give them the tools and like it's really really simple in their mind
 They think it's they think it's hard, right? I say same thing. It's not business
 Let's say it's you know again it could be anything could be could be diet and exercise could be could be health could be
 drugs could be
 Alcohol could be all these things right and so
 That's kind of a negative side now
 I want to switch the positive side because also things where like when I was growing up
 My dad was an entrepreneur and he always had money always fair ways to make money
 So for him it seemed easy to make money so my mind I was like well
 It's just easy to make money dad didn't so I did so I'm blessed to have like a positive
 Chain there right and I look at different parts of my life and there's so many amazing
 Things I've been blessed with for my parents and things like that
 But there's also things that that that were passed down to me that weren't positive
 I think in everybody's life
 We have both of those right we have these positive chains that have been passed from from you know great grandparents to grandparents to parents to us
 And hopefully to our children and those are the things that that you intuitively typically are good at and it's like a generational thing
 Right you see it amongst your family right everyone of my families get it this or you know
 All of us are super healthy or all of us are super smart in school or all of us are whatever and these beliefs are passed from generation generation generation
 They're super positive, but also they're super negative. That's why so many times you see families who really really struggle with health
 But maybe they're really really good at at
 Business right or their their horrible business, but they're really smart in school
 They're really smart at school, but they're really bad at entrepreneurship or whatever it is right because we're not all given everything
 So I think what's was interesting. This is what I wanted to kind of share with you guys. I was thinking about this today
 Is this concept of we need to become chain-breakers for the negative things in our lives that are generational?
 So I think like what I was thinking about most of today. I was stepping back. I
 Was thinking about all of the the super positive things that have passed down from generation to generation to me
 And I was grateful for those like I think heavens that I'm a hard worker
 I think heavens that I don't have receding hair. Just kidding. Thank you grandpa just kidding or just
 Thank you, you know, and I was really grateful for the positive things that that came down
 But that's you're looking at the negative things. There's definitely negative traits that have been passed down as well
 And I think you know for me
 It's interesting the very first time that I became aware of this stuff was what really I started going to
 The very first Tony Robbins of it and Tony is a really good job of like how do you how do you make yourself aware of?
 What's happening right?
 It's like most people life's just happening to us
 He's like how do you how do you break outside to become aware of it and like like oh my gosh
 Just this happening I can change these beliefs these thoughts these things
 It was the first time in my life that I never like like stopped and stepped back and looked at my life
 I'm like I can change these things and I started looking at just certain thing about if I like health right like at the time when I first
 Tony my life wasn't healthy, you know, I had I was a wrestler
 So I was healthy because I was wrestling a lot
 I was in good shape and all these things but like what I ate was not good was not healthy at all
 In fact it kills me
 I should go back in time now to when I was first started wrestling and what I know about nutrition now and eat differently because
 I'd been twice the rest so I had been eating correctly
 But because I was you know exercising lifting weights all other things like I didn't know
 How bad my health was it was like a conscious choice like I was you know
 I've been I've been done wrestling for I don't know six or seven years and I gained like 40 or 50 pounds and all these things
 And I didn't know any better and I became conscious of it
 I was like okay, I'm in the same pattern that you know
 Generations ahead of me have been struggling with the zacks and thing as well like I have to consciously break this
 Or I'm gonna be stuck in the same chain for forever the same thing
 And I'm gonna pass on my kids and my kids kids and things like that so I'd consciously stop and say I'm going to eat differently
 I'm going to you know the things I put in my body will be different than then what's just in front of me
 Right and I had to shift that and I had to be a chain breaker for me
 And now hopefully I'm passing those things on to my kids and my kids kids and so on and so forth from generations
 You're down down past me
 You know financially with entrepreneurship. I think I got a lot of really good blessings for my from my father from people before me
 But I also have like figured things out. I'm being very conscious like what my beliefs are and and things like that right and
 I started thinking about that in all aspects of my life and so I wanted to share some of you guys because
 my guess my assumption is there are a whole bunch of of
 Patterns and beliefs that that are causing you to do things or not do things
 That if you were aware of them you could you could break that chain and you could shift it and the cool thing
 But when you break a chain is it is like it doesn't just break it for yourself
 It then breaks it for your kids and your kids kids and like posterity and literally generations and sometimes you know
 You know look at look at 10 generations
 I'll say I've got five kids and if each of them have five kids generation to is 25 kids each of us have five kids generation
 Three say 125 and you go on 10 generations. It's like a million people right because I broke a chain because I made a shift
 Because I made a directional thing over the next 10 generations
 How many tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands of people's lives will be shifted because of a change that I made in my life today
 Right and same things for you like what is that in your life?
 Okay, now again
 You have some positive things from from your generations prior to you and you should be grateful for them and they think you know
 You say your prayers that I think thank the Lord you have those amazing things that you have
 But then look at the negative things and and and start looking at this thing man
 My dad struggled this my grandpa struggled this or whatever my mom struggled like like well
 These are things that that are affecting me. Maybe maybe the belief that they've been passing on to me isn't correct
 What is it you come aware of it? Then you can step back and say I got to figure out
 What is the true belief like what about any shift? What any change in my life?
 And then when you make that you literally break that chain and then for the people coming after you
 You're able to set them up for success
 And so anyway, that's just what I was thinking about today is I as I first off saw that guy hit his kid
 second off saw the people with the ice cream machine and then start thinking about myself and my my
 family and my kids and I was looking backwards in time and then forward in time and I was just like I want to start becoming more aware of
 the negative change right now that are that are happening and we'll be able to identify those things and then become conscious of it
 Okay, now I'm conscious of it now. I can affect it. How do I break this pattern?
 How do I break this chain so that my kids don't struggle the same thing?
 I'm struggling with how do I get rid of it?
 How do I destroy it so that they don't struggle with it and I don't know if I'm gonna be able to figure all those things out?
 I'm sure some of them. I'm not gonna figure out during this lifetime
 I have tons of struggles and things I can't figure out and I'm sure I've passed some of those traits on to these amazing little children
 And if I'm not able to break it, hopefully they'll be the ones that break those change, but
 Anyway, I just thought it was interesting and and I wanted to share with you
 So hopefully you guys can all listen to this first off. Hopefully nobody got offended. I cannot my not my
 Not my goal, but hopefully
 It did help you to kind of look at that and realize that oh my gosh
 There's things I'm doing because I got this this thing from my from my dad or my grandpa or someone
 You know maybe hundred fifty two hundred five hundred thousand years back in my posterity
 You kept passing us on from father to son from mother to daughter and because of that like I believe these things aren't true
 I'm struggling these things aren't true like how do I or they're holding me back?
 I actually want life how do I take those things how do I break those chains and that way I can set up my kids for success
 And myself for success and my kids kids and and so far, you know down the down the chain so
 Anyway, that's that's I want to share it yesterday. I hope it helps somebody out there
 I know for me for me
 I'll be making a list of the positives and being grateful for them and the negatives
 I figure I can consciously break those chains for myself and therefore pass those things on my kids as well
 I hope that you do the same. All right, that said you guys. I am gonna get cleaned up. I'm covering salt from our
 Ocean excursion today. It's so funny
 I was talking to to David much people the office
 I talked about like I hate salt water everyone's like ask go to the beach. I'm like, I don't like the beach
 Like how do you not like the beach? I'm like, I don't know. I hate salt water like it's horrible
 And to the beach like every five seconds Nora gets splash and gets salt in her eyes
 And she would cry and it was like horrible and then like you know the other kids
 It's flashy chutting it salt in the eyes and salt in the mouth or spitting out
 But it tastes like you know tastes horrible and then putting water in the mouth
 It rinses the salt out and then anyway, and you finally get out of the water
 And then it's like the salt sticks to your body and your whole body itches and like your clothes like rip on your body and like
 I hate salt if they made oceans out of like fresh water. I would love the beach
 But they don't so I'll never live on a beach doesn't do it anymore
 It doesn't pull me at all either there was swimming pool or a river or a lake
 But man, I don't know so all you beach bombs. I just don't get it that whole salt things hard to overcome for me
 Maybe it's a negative chain. I got a break. Maybe my my dad's from California though. He loved the beach
 Yeah, maybe I'm the one starting this like anti beach chain. Hopefully I don't pass on if I kids
 Oh, man, I was right analyzing everything I do and say now through this through this analogy of the chains
 I'm starting a new chain of beach haters and my kids my kids kids will all hate the beach, but we'll love lakes
 Oh, man, I gotta be careful what I what I say now. All right, I'm gonna go
 I appreciate you guys listening if you got any value from this at all, please take a picture on your phone right now if you're listening on your phone
 Post on Instagram Facebook Twitter wherever you post stuff and tag me and use hashtag marketing secrets
 And I love to hear from you guys in your thoughts in this episode as well as all the other other episodes
 Also, some of you know, I had to shift my my feed and iTunes. So if you're listening to some iTunes
 And you've left a comment the passion comment probably disappeared
 So it would mean a whole world to me to go and rake the sink leave a comment tell me and tell the world why you like this podcast
 I would help a lot with rankings
 Yeah, we were on the top 10 for over a year in business section and for some reason iTunes kicked us out
 So I got to rebuild all the rankings and all the stuff and the comments and the stars and anyway
 But hopefully you're still getting a ton of I from this
 That's all really matters when all send done doesn't really matter how many stars and stuff I give it does help more people find out about it
 So if you can take a minute have a little iTunes and a rate and review that would be sweet anyway
 That's it appreciate you all. I hope you're having a great day and we'll talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at experts secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
