 What's up everybody this is Russell and welcome to a special Hawaii edition of marketing seekers podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Everyone so we
 My wife and I are in Hawaii actually on our 15 year wedding anniversary
 Well next week's tech we are anniversary, but it's in 15 years and we're here some of our friends who's also there 15 year
 and
 It's been really great. We didn't do hotel this time. We actually air bean beat us. I don't see back here
 This is
 Show you the house of the Airbnb for those who are watching on marketing seekers comm you can see the video if you're on the podcast
 You can't see this, but it's crazy. This is the Airbnb red-ted
 It's like five or six thousand square feet right here on this private
 Beach that's right on beach. It's right on here now hanging out. We just got done. Why just got soaked by the way
 got done
 get massages and
 I've been kind of MIA for a little bit. I've got some content going out while I'm gone, but last week I had to scout camp
 So I was gone
 Scout camp all week and had little access anything and then this week
 There Hawaii and I should have done so I was gonna do some more stuff, but you know trips
 It's just interesting. I got really it's really difficult for me to unplug and
 Now that I'm unplugged, it's really difficult to want to plug back in to be completely honest
 so
 Anyway, it's it's definitely interesting, but having a good time here. There's dudes out kiteboarding
 I don't think there's a kiteboarder before but like
 Right there. I've always wanted a kiteboard. So let me try that
 Kind of fun actually so
 The funny about like
 What I can share it you guys today
 Some inspiration or some thought or an idea for how you can
 Better market your business things you're doing. So I'm trying to thinking about that like what's something that would be the biggest
 biggest value for you guys and I
 Think what biggest problems people have and I've seen this like ten times we've been here in Hawaii is that
 They place their own
 Ability to purchase the way that they'd make their purchasing decisions on other people
 For example one of the things I
 Had a GoPro here and I brought the GoPro and I had a little handle
 I forgot the little screw thing it screws the GoPro to the handle. I was like dang it
 So the store I go in there and I was like hey, I
 Need to buy one of those screws and I go in and sell the screws and
 But I was like well you have those handles right?
 I'm like yeah, I can't give me handling and he's like he's like but you just need to screw right in my case
 Like my foot just give me a handle on all just you know
 I'll do that and he's like dude
 It's like 47 bucks for the handle is a if you go down the road
 Like two or three streets down there's a place and they might sell screws there
 I'm like no to just give me a handle and he's like there's 47 bucks. I was like I don't care
 I don't want to drive two or three streets down the road to try to find
 Place up my cell screw and have not come back like for me the forty seven dollars is so much cheaper than the opportunity costume
 You can go and do that thing right
 It's kind of funny and then it's just like that so many so many things happen like that where
 We tried to buy something try to do something and people are putting their purchasing decisions on like they would never do that
 They've never spent an extra 47 bucks just to get a little screw because for them
 They do all those other things and a lot of times we get that caught up that way in art with our customers
 In fact, I've had people before who like oh like like like they'll never buy that like I've teach you know
 They're they wanted to express secrets in a creative course
 I'm like oh no one ever paid nine nine seven for that no one ever paid four hundred dollars for that or five hundred dollars for that
 Whatever and I'm like don't put the like don't put your
 Your purchasing decision way you logically do things on somebody else it has nothing to do with it like
 You look at like what does your customer want if you get something really really want where what you're creating is worth more than what it is
 You're getting in return the money. No buy it now if you create something sucks, then it's not gonna happen, right?
 It's gotta be something that's amazing, but that's that's the thing and so so many times
 I think that people don't sell stuff
 They don't sell stuff what it's worth because they in their mind that I don't think I would buy a paper that
 Which is another problem that's a mental thing you gotta get over as well
 You gotta be willing to buy stuff too, but it's just interesting how how that's such a barrier
 I remember with Justin and Tara who are in a circle and cucumber come winners
 when they
 Came in their circle. They had their real estate program itself $2,000 and they pay 25 grand in draw my circle and the first meeting
 All they basically told me that you should sell like a $25,000 thing and they're like my people won't pay that I'm like
 You paid it and they're like, huh. You're right. We did pay you $25,000
 Like they we value that like they may not value the real estate education that much because they already know what they already do
 but they the education they wanted they were willing to pay for that and because they were gonna pay for it then they were like
 Then they were able to ask them so they sent email to listen so that 18 people 25k the next week was crazy
 But it was just like a little mindset shift
 essentially also
 I have a lot of people that know who will try to sell thousand or ten thousand or twenty five thousand are thing
 But then they're not willing to like to buy that from somebody else. I think there's a lot of incongruency. It's really difficult to sell
 a 25,000 dollar thing that you bought one before
 Big reason why I joined Dean Grosse COCs and Joe Paul she's a hundred-kit group because I knew that in the future
 I'm gonna have a hundred-kit group and I wanted to I wanted to make sure that I've been willing to invest myself that much before I
 ever asked somebody else to
 And it's the same for you if you're not if you're not
 It's this weird karma thing like if you're not willing to invest in yourself in your business
 people
 It makes it a lot harder to invest into your business
 I think the reason why it's easy for you to sell books is because I buy a lot of books
 I love buying books and so it's easy for you to sell books
 People who struggle with that like all I've ever bought that in the past like well if you're gonna buy it
 Then you're not gonna love it like supplements like I buy
 Probably should say it's on camera, but I spend two or three thousand dollars a month on supplements depending on the month and if I'm refilling and stuff
 And so for me it's easy to sell supplements because like I buy a lot of supplements
 And so there's congruent seems all these things that a lot of people don't have so make sure that you're you're buying stuff
 Make sure you're not putting your your buying beliefs on other people make sure these are all such important things
 It takes out this little swing
 from our
 Marche here, but
 These are just things that I think are important. They're probably five times there's been a while
 I'm just like wanted to strangle people like trying to place their buying decisions on me
 I'm like let me give you money like I just I just want this thing
 Which I talk me out of it. It's crazy
 Anyway, so that's what's happening here in in Kauai
 Kauai
 on our anniversary and
 We had home next week so by the time you guys watch the private home back at it
 Which is exciting a lot of big things coming up the viral video we created with the Harmon brothers is launching on September 15
 We're throwing an epic party which will be streaming everywhere
 So yes, we'll see it
 But we're literally gonna be trying to set against the world's record at the launch party with a bunch of influencers and other stuff
 It's funny
 We're planning this and Dave Woodward had all these like crazy ideas weren't really logical or possible and then that's where greatness
 Usually starts from us from an idea. That's not logical or possible and then he went and figured out a way
 To get it done and now we're gonna be doing it. So it's crazy
 I'll share more details as it gets closer
 But yeah, that's kind of what I got for you guys today. So
 Beware
 putting your purchase decision on other people and number two is beware of asking people
 To purchase things that you aren't willing to purchase again
 If you're a real estate coach you're probably gonna buy a real estate coaching for you might if you're like me
 I buy every marketing coaching program and I'm obsessed with it
 But I also invest in other things those types of dollar amounts and so like I'm not it's not incongruent for me to ask people for those things as well
 because you're not investing in yourself is really painful and hard and
 Knowing to try to get people to invest in your stuff
 The money universe doesn't work that way very well for whatever reason so
 Anyway, that's what I got you guys. Hope you're enjoying your day as much as I am and
 We'll talk to you as all good soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 behind the scenes reality TV show at
 www.funnelhacker.tv
 don't spend the time with
