 What's up everybody this is Russell welcome back to marketing secrets podcast today's episode we're gonna get into a little bit of
 Some bio hacks and some things diet energy supplements what we do to be able to
 Have our brains stronger so it can be better entrepreneurs. This was a really fun conversation. I think you're gonna love it
 You guys see some of the weirdness happening in my brain what I do why I do it
 And hopefully gives you a place to start when you start looking at how do you change your health to be able to have more success in business?
 Anyway, I hope you guys enjoy this conversation about bio hacking supplements health and how it relates to you as an entrepreneur
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Welcome back everyone to the marketing secrets podcast we're about to move into the third topic
 I don't know what it is, but I'm pumped to find out. So what's the third topic? Let's go
 Alright Russell. So here's the ding you're you're this dude who you've got this super super successful company
 But anybody has followed you that knows you a little bit right all the newbies out there might not
 but like you're a wrestler and you're like
 Like to be successful in all areas of life, which is really cool
 It's one of the reasons I follow you is because you're not just I'm gonna throw off your grandcard out here
 Grant we love you, but also all you care about some money. So get a life
 All right, but anyway, so like you have like quite a more of this complete picture
 There's more complete thing that you're trying to go through and do and so for me one of the things that I've been focusing on a lot
 And it's always interesting because whatever I focus on I share on social media
 And then when I share it on social media people start like giving me ideas back and like half the time
 It's really great ideas and then half the time and like people just hate me for no reason they're like you're so dumb
 I'm like oh my gosh, okay, but anyway like for me like right now one of the things I've been really focused on is like health and fitness
 Right and is been going through and I remember like I don't know
 It's like a year ago or whatever it was that you were freaking out about bone broth, right?
 And you're like bone broth give you the great thing
 Oh my god, or chicken, you know, whatever it is gonna be so cool
 It's gonna help me like cure cancer and not get it or whatever
 And I'm like that you're just you're so weird dude
 Like I don't even understand because I wasn't in it right I didn't understand it
 And then like I got married and like my wife is a yoga instructor
 And she just you know
 So she's super super fit and now I'm at this point in my life where I'm like man
 My brain feels foggy a lot of days and I like want it to be clear and I'm like how crap
 There's Russell over there talking about bone broth at one time
 You're talking about brain health and all these different things like ah, I gotta go figure this all out now
 And so I hired the Shockley's do you know the Shockley's by the way Kelly and Jay Shockley?
 I don't know they've been in Steve's Steve's mastermind and stuff for a while their students of mine now
 They're awesome. They live here and they do total body mastery
 And it's basically they come in and they take like 15 different blood samples and hair analysis
 You're announced like all this stuff and they go and test every single different level of your body
 And they basically tell you if you're gonna die or not
 It's pretty great
 And so like I went and did that and I geeked out and came back and I'm like there's so much here
 And so I'm curious and I think a lot of people that are
 Like they reached a certain phase in their journey of entrepreneurship and marketing where they're like, okay
 I've made some money now
 So like now I'm not worried about if I'm gonna be able to pay the bills or like pay off the credit card
 And now I've got some money in the bank
 And so now they start thinking about more important things and one of the biggest things that comes up is their health, right?
 It's how do I take care of my brain how to take care of my body?
 How am I make sure this longevity how do I make better decisions anybody that's ever starting personal development knows like your brain is like this
 It's like it takes like 80% of the energy in your body every day. It's like something stupid, right?
 So I guess let's start with how do you go and figure out like what you're gonna focus on and like what's your routine for health?
 What are the areas that you focus on and how did you figure out that those were the areas you should be focused on?
 Yeah, great questions
 It's funny cuz like I think for everyone goes to cycles where like I remember I used to I used to make fun of the people who were like me
 I called hippies, but I was just like dude. I love the hippies. They got all the good stuff
 I love these people, you know, so
 but yeah, the biggest thing is
 It's it was tough for me because I was arrested my whole life
 So I was consider myself an athlete. I thought I was in good shape
 I thought and I was I thought I understood nutrition. I did not I wish I could go back and compete knowing now what I would
 I know now, but
 It's so weird like I got to the wrestling and then my wife got pregnant with twins literally during my last wrestling term
 She's on fertility
 My rest of my last tournament and we found out like a week later were pregnant with twins and then you know
 And then we're excited now wasn't wrestling or competing or working out. She was eating for three
 I was eating for three or four as well and I
 Think about my senior year Russell 165
 When I came back to go wrestle the next year with the you know after I graduated with the new team
 I was so big that maybe wrestle the heavyweights
 So I gained probably considerably 60 probably almost 80 pounds walk away
 And then one day she had twins and lost 60 pounds overnight and I had 80 pounds on Russell
 So but I but it's weird because you don't see it like I I didn't see it
 I remember going back to Russell a Boise State and I walked through the door and Ben Sherrington who's actually gay cheese wrestling coach
 I walked in and she's like dude your face is so fat. I'm like what he's like do what happened? You're like I
 Don't know what you're talking about. I couldn't see it, you know, and it was just weird and anyway, so
 So for the next like seven or eight years like I just I was in business
 I didn't think about I was like I had so much energy here and focus there
 I didn't think about it and it like eight years into my business is it's the very first time
 I remember like feeling I think it was on stage or something and like like I used to wear a tie and the tie went
 Fitter on my neck anymore. There's all this stuff. I was just like I just felt crappy and finally I was like
 Okay, I have to figure this out
 So hired a trainer got on a plan and in like 70 months I went from
 I don't know 20 whatever
 26 28% body fat down to 12% body fat and that was cool
 I felt better about myself
 But the thing that I noticed the most was that I could get more done during the day
 And that's what I was like oh my god
 No, actually matters not just like for me if you look at my disc profile like my number one value is economic
 So if I don't see the ROI of something like I won't do it
 Which is why I suck at school
 That's why I suck at a lot of things is because if I don't see ROI like I would rather die than do the thing
 And also like I saw the ROI of health
 I was like okay as like by by shifting my health
 I was able to get two to three times more stuff done every single day
 ROI of that I'm getting three years worth of work done every year
 Which means I'm gonna crush everybody else therefore like I'm gonna go deep on this
 And so that was the thing sold me on it was just like I saw the ROI and like then I became obsessed
 So I'll kind of take you through my journey because there's different levels of things I've learned and again
 I can I could probably someday will write like a
 5000 page book on this because it cites me
 But they're like there's the things they're like the big lever like the big levers and the biggest impact so I'll talk about those
 Yeah, the first one I understood
 Can I just say quick side note? I love how you're coughing us we're talking about health
 I know like one time I've been sick a decade and said right now
 Yes, we're like a stuffy nose in a
 I'm in a I'm in a season of my life
 There's not much sleep because my kids are wrestling and so I leave every day at 2/3
 You go to wrestling practice and then they're like cutting weight and I and there's tournaments and I still got to do all the stuff
 I got to do so I'm like I'm up every morning
 Earlier than normal like you're busy Russell G
 Yes, it's a lot but so my health is suffering a little bit right now
 Which is why I'm spending more time on health stuff right now because like I'm losing sleep
 So I got to make up for other places by the way sleep though is the number one performance drug you can you can do
 So like in fact it's interesting if you study all the biohackers
 The the the two or three biggest things is like sleeping more and more
 Sunlight like going outside with your shirt off getting a natural vitamin D
 Like those help more than almost any biohack you can dream any supplement anything. It's like sleep and sunlight or like
 the two biggest biohacks and so
 Yeah, anyway, there's like yeah, we should all spend more time outside and we should sleep more
 But those are hard sometimes where you nowadays were not sleeping over in office. It's like those are the things so
 Okay, I'll sit back. So the first big thing I noticed when I started the health journey back now
 I spent probably 14 15 years ago now
 No, maybe not though. I'm maybe 10 years anyway, whatever it was
 Is I went through different diets, right? So I did like a bodybuilder high protein diet
 Which was had lower carbs also went through the ketogenic diet because I spent a lot of time with prove it when the key to
 Keto movement was starting like helping them launch that so I was trying to understand and I went through that
 But the biggest thing I started learning is that like how carbs affected my brains
 If I eat carbs, it may be like tired faster
 You know after like post Thanksgiving dinner you eat and also you're like good. You keep your eyes open people say it's the trip
 Turkey, I don't believe that it's the mashed potatoes. I don't believe that either. I just found out that this I just thought
 Oh this thing's giving that apparently turkey makes you sleepy. I'm like that is not the case
 It is just food in general. I any amount of food that much. I'm yeah
 Well, so I just food is it's the it's the carbs the carbs make your brain tired at least for me
 And so I started realizing that I was like I don't want to not eat carbs
 The carbs have a very important role like I did the whole key to jet keto thing for a long time
 Right just only eight fats and that I don't think is right either
 So like your body needs all the things but I just I I I time my day based on listings now
 Because I know that when I introduce carbs, I'm gonna be tired
 So I don't introduce carbs early in the day
 Like I don't typically breakfast when I'm eating lunch
 It's usually high-fast and high proteins and then when I do carbs at night when I do actually want my body to start falling asleep
 And so like if you notice like if you look at my eating cycles
 I'm still eating the same things most people eating but I'm eating in different orders, right?
 Like my lunch if I'm ordering lunch today off Uber eats
 It's gonna be a poke bowl and it's gonna come with no base. So no rice no nothing, but if I have fish, you know, I'm gonna have
 Five different fish in there, right because the fish is high protein plus I fat fat content
 Which affects your brain somebody eat that fish that's gonna be my brain food, but I'm not eating carbs
 I don't want carbs yet. I need carbs in my diet. I need it in my body
 But I don't want it till I want my body to naturally fall asleep anyway, right?
 So dinner time even usually I'll be lower on carbs as they close to bedtime
 Then I'll go and have my rice or my whatever my carbs are gonna be and I like because I'm okay
 I don't want my brain to shut down anyway
 It's like that's what I'll introduce those things into my diet
 And so for me
 It's like the timing of food has been really really big because I would I would normally I have a you know back in the day
 I eat breakfast I have cereal for breakfast or something and I'm wrecked for the day or I would like skip
 I ain't lunch and lunch I'd go order something and it'd be like a sandwich, right?
 I eat this the sandwich and all the bread and it's like yeah, I lose the last half of the day
 So like I'm very I very sensitive on how I'm timing where I introducing the carbs in the day
 So I can keep my focus as much as possible during the wood the windows where I need my brain sharp and fast and ready
 So that's kind of the the first phase of it for me
 That's been the big thing because that brain fog is the worst
 We're like ice is the worst need to be and you can like you can like cover it with caffeine
 And so you kind of have it's it's like it's not the same it's not you're on the same sharpness when you have like the brain fog and caffeine
 It's like it's like going into a bathroom where it stinks they spray poopery
 It's like now smells like poopery flavored poop
 You know, I mean like they're both right. It's like it's not it's not actually clean in here. You know what I mean?
 Yeah, do you use a do you use like new tropics or anything at all?
 I Joe Rogan has that alpha or I don't know if it's his but like he does that alpha brain or whatever
 I use that and that I mean I don't use it all the time
 But like that whenever I like need to be focused because I used to take Adderall and like the hard course
 Don't take Adderall people. It's the best ever but is straight up
 Alex Charfmann did something on it one time and like once I learned what was in Adderall. I was like oh
 All right, so if I take that long term basically I like crystal meth basically
 I mean not but you know, it's like the same thing so Adderall's great
 But like it's not as long-term sustainable thing so I did like alpha brain and stuff which much healthier you use anything?
 Yeah, so there's a there's a there's a
 Rage and this stuff cuz like mom my friends are hardcore biohackers and there's a rage and there's a there's like a
 For me, there's a cut-off line of where I feel comfortable and most of my friends go way beyond that cut-off line where I don't feel comfortable
 So it's tough like you get a new Tropic world
 I feel like you gotta like you gotta have like your like this is this is as far as I'll go because if you're not careful
 I have friends who push it all the way to the spot where there's stuff that I think they're crazy for because
 Man you mess up your brain like you are screwed like there's you know
 I mean it's not worth sometimes like the increasing of like I'm gonna get more focus here
 But like but there's the potential of like damage like so yeah, so like alpha brain is great alpha brain is definitely on the left hand side
 Like I can take this stuff. I feel comfortable. I love ketones like I'm still a big ketone believer
 Try thinking we'll talk about it. There's different ones that are good right for me
 Like when you start getting to the the racetons like there's a whole family of like racetons
 Like that's where I start freaking out for me my kind of lines right before that and I don't go there
 Because like the racetons stuff and then after that then there's like the more hardcore stuff and there's
 There's micro-nosing on things and there's like
 You're crazy and I I do not cross that line because my brain
 I don't have like people that want the last 10% from like these crazy things is not worth it the potential
 But is that is that also a religious thing for you or is that?
 Yeah, I heard some really definitely religious belief, but also like but even more so it's it's for me. It's it's um
 I don't know. I'm just I've had so many friends who and I want to get political on all the different drugs and things like that
 I could if you know people want to but like you can come on my show
 Like I have so many friends who like who smoke weed because he makes more creative
 I've had friends who the brain shuts off because of it so the potential like pretend like I might be more creative
 But I can lose my brain is not worth any amount of like that's the risk
 I will not ever take alcohol and say yeah people like oh I do this because it relaxes me
 like like like but like I've seen the the opposite side of that it's like I don't know I just I
 Have my line at the ever so one there are some really good you're talking
 I want to talk to you about that more we'll do it on my show because I'm super curious to know your thoughts on that too
 Because I smoke weed sometimes too
 You're called rattle. I know
 Taps out the ten-foot pole and no matter what the positive benefits might be on one side
 So there's that we talk about that more at another time, but anyway, I'm back to the drop
 So that's good, but some mutations whole like I used to just go and randomly by every supplement that had a good sales pitch
 Because I'm a good sales guy and I'm getting so
 Anthony committee came to my house sometime he saw my supplements and he was like
 He was like you're taking everything which is good
 But also like there's crossover because a lot of supplements will like they want the marketing pitch
 They'll put like 12 things in it and then you said and also I'm taking 30 pills and all 30 of this crossover
 and also I'm taking like like unhealthy levels of
 You know whatever this this ingredient because there's a little bit like 40 different things, right?
 And so I started getting more strategic in fact brave and he spoke for lucky life his dad
 Has been doing these really cool things. I'm trying to figure out he's coming out next week actually do some more work with me
 But I'm trying to figure out how to help turn that into a business that I can like introduce to entrepreneurs
 But basically comes and tests your blood and basically your blood testing is like hey
 It says it's randomly taking stuff because you think so it's like here's where your your markers are at and then they create custom
 supplements based on that they get all that's that's literally what the shockways did for me
 That's a little a hundred percent
 I have this whole long list like this long of every single different level of every nutrient in my body
 It's crazy
 Those are really powerful because then you're not just guessing and you can get trouble when you're guessing
 I've seen people who've had issues because they've just they've shotgun approached it
 Which I've I've done for years in the past, but so I'm a big believer in that now where you're taking stuff
 And so to make sure your your your optimizes a big thing and one of the fascinating things
 I I've heard people talk about gut health in the past. I don't understand gut health until I did this because he was showing me that like
 The amount of fats and proteins that taking aren't being digest enough based on my blood levels
 And he's like the biggest thing that I need to do start focusing more on my gut
 And so I didn't really know what that meant is so
 This has been a big huge thing for me now that is at a huge impact is is understanding gut health and how to do things like that
 So a couple things
 Number one I have this on my desk here in my house. This is
 What do you think it's called? These are the digestive enzymes, right? These are actually bravens
 If you go to gains and bulk.com you can buy them
 But these are the digestive enzymes
 So before I eat anything now
 I pound a handful of digestive enzymes like just consistently because helps you digest your food if you got lactose intolerance
 If you got which I do a lactose intolerant on some things like it helps helps your body digest those things
 You don't have the same issues
 You have less gas you less bloating less like annoyance when you eat so I pound these before every single move
 So that's like my first tears like
 Digestive enzymes. I'm so long those I just I carry a little pouch with me when I travel ever ago
 And I just before anything I pound enzymes and that's been a big gut health thing
 number two is
 Every diet outside every society outside of America they eat fermented food with every meal but Americans don't so in Germany
 They eat sauerkraut in China
 It's kimchi if you know there's different things like that and so I started that was big things like he's like your proteins
 aren't being adjusted because you don't have anything fermented in your stomach at any given time and so now like I
 I'm jar of sauerkraut and every night dinner when I'm eating my bigger meal
 I eat sauerkraut with the meal because it's getting those things in there and I used to hate sauerkraut
 There's some really good ones actually nowadays that are like
 insanely good
 So I sauerkraut long
 Kombucha I used to make fun of that and some kombucha scare me because they're really high alcohol content
 But I know really I can't know yeah, so for me it's like but there's some kombucha is the
 Kombucha have you say it like they're actually pulling alcohol content out of it
 There's some that taste a make like I don't have it right here, but there's um, there's these ones
 There's a whole company there's a company that made kombucha's tastes like Coke and Dr. Pepper and Mountain Dew and it literally tastes exactly
 Coke and Dr. Pepper Mountain Dew and it's kombucha no way it's insanely good so like those are okay
 You got to send me a link to that. I got yeah, they're awesome
 And then this is like my new obsession is called the live
 GTS puts it on and it's a mushroom root beer and it's got Rishi chaga and turkey taler drink to these a day
 They deliver my house from Whole Foods like I buy I'm obsessed. These are my favorite thing in the world
 and
 This all it's all gut health stuff
 So it's figuring those things out the first tier of gut health is like the Jesse benzymes seconds like fermented food
 While eating then third is like adding in kombucha's and things like that and just helps you buy break down stuff digest it
 And get sort of cuz I don't know about you
 But for years I'd eat stuff and I just get digested and blowed in like then you'll feel good
 I want to do things and like and now like I don't have those problems like I used to and that's been a huge
 Anyway, so those are some of the tiers of things like for me. It's like timing my food
 Taking supplements like neutrophis and things to a certain level to help increase, you know
 You're mine
 And then the gut stuff is gut your gut in your mind. There's studies I've read I don't know how I don't understand at all
 But they say when you're when you're an embryo like your brain your gut are connected and they separate and there's this brain gut
 Thing it's like when your guts not not doing well affects your brain and vice versa
 So it's like those two organs are the ones to really focus on
 Yeah, my mom was big so my sister when she was
 Gosh, I think it was five years old
 Was had epilepsy like seizures every eight minutes like full-out seizures like completely and like we took her to the number one
 Child epilepsy doctor in the whole world and that was over in the Cleveland Clinic and they've like looked at my parents
 And we're like we have no idea what's wrong with your daughter
 She's just gonna have seizures for the rest of your life
 And like my mom went on this whole thing and like cured her through diet and that's when she discovered like the whole gut thing
 And everything like that and so ever since then my mom's I always tell my mom
 I'm like mom, you know
 I love you to absolute death like obviously when you die like it's gonna be the worst thing ever
 I'm like one of the biggest things I'm gonna miss when you're gone is like whenever I have a problem whenever I'm sick whenever
 I don't feel well, whatever
 I just call my mom and I'm like mom what do I do and she knows and this was the natural thing
 I haven't been to the doctor in
 Right ten years like because anything that's wrong. I just call her so natural
 Like again, I used to make fun of people and say they're hippies
 But man, I've got a naturopath here town I go to before fun walking live. I was like I can't get covid
 And so he came in and hooked me up to IVs and things and like all these it's crazy
 They do muscle testing like what body what things your body needs like I don't know again all the stuff
 I used to think was like crazy. We were weird stuff and the more I get into it the the more I'm just like man
 This stuff's amazing like I never just find natural path find something as good as like a first line defense
 It's like
 Preventative and also when you do get sick like looking at those options because they don't wreak havoc on your body like
 Some of the and there's there's a time into place for all things right there time to play. Yeah for sure for sure you need
 you know
 Traditional medicine, but man, there's there's this non-traditional side that's based off of you know thousands of years of
 People doing this stuff that that is is amazing and it's looked down upon here in America. Unfortunately
 I think it's getting more more popularity, but
 That it's it's fascinating and important to I think for all of us understand and to be willing to look at
 Yeah, for sure well appreciate you share more about that
 I'm sure you could talk about that for a long time last question on that and then we can wrap it up here
 Is there like one of the things that you just absolutely stay away from in your diet?
 I mean obviously for you there's some faith elements in there too
 So feel free to talk about that like we already talked about you know hard drugs and you know things like that
 But like diet related like do you like drink soda or there are certain things that you absolutely stay away from and you just don't do for health
 Yeah
 So for the really side, you know as a morbid alcohol tobacco coffee and tea
 So like those are just chopped off and then anything worse than that obviously like and tea. Yeah, I think I don't have any
 Things but not like the or something. I don't know. I don't know. I don't like tea, but that's super interesting
 I didn't always see I knew alcohol tobacco and yeah coffee then on their side then it's like
 As I've I've tried to like master to understand really diet and stuff like what all said done like calories
 You know anything in I'm friends with all the health influencers
 I see the wars online like calories versus that and all stuff but like calories do matter
 But like the type of calories matters well, right like like you can eat you can lose weight on a twinkie diet
 You're eating 1500, you know calories damn twinkie, but you're gonna feel like crap, right? So it's like so it's like
 So I'm very conscious of that so like I do not drink soda for a lot of reasons
 But the biggest one is like if I'm gonna like waste calories on
 Something I am not gonna drink a soda. I'm gonna eat ice cream, right? Like I'm all for like this too
 But like I would never waste it on something like that because if I could just drinking pure oh
 I just like I want it, you know, so I'm like I'm not perfect
 I'll go on on bitches and eat stuff
 I want but I would never drink pop like I just don't like I'm never I would rather
 It's soda yeah, it's how we call the pop, but yeah, I think the rest of world is soda anyway, so yeah
 The pop's not a thing
 Like I'll go somewhere there's a dessert so I'm like oh and I'll try something and I'll take a first bite
 And I judge like is this worth the calories and if it's like yeah
 I'll go pound the rest of it. It's not like I'll throw it away right like for example cookie note
 Like if my wife brings home a tummy cookie or something
 I eat it and like it's worth the calories. I don't care what is like that's so good like I
 And I'll deal with the consequences later, right?
 But then like I'll eat something like a pop chart. It's like oh like this is not worth the calories
 You know they soda or whatever not worth the calories
 You've had those moshi ice creams before
 Oh my gosh, so like Chinese things like they're like they're anyway
 They're the most amazing like I'll eat 4,000 calories that because it's worth it like it's worth any extra for that to have because it's like that good
 And so for me, it's just like it's just I judge everything like is this worth the calories if not I just throw it away
 I won't eat it. I won't put it in my mouth. I won't you know, I mean it's oh yeah
 You ruined me with crumble. Oh, yeah, that's a work
 Breaking you're the one that you I saw on your Instagram store
 You open it up and you're like these are most amazing ever else like what are those and I looked it up and there's one
 Five minutes from my house and so now we go there all the time and I'm like it they're so good
 And like people don't get it until you have one and you're just like oh
 So we try to live in our consumption of that but you're the one that got me on that now
 I hate you and I love you at the same time for them. They're so good. Yeah
 Like I'll judge that like like so let's say I need to eat something
 Like hey at crumble cookies are subway like I would not eat it subway because it's not worth the calories for this thing
 Nasty bread and all these things are like, you know, but like I will definitely sacrifice it for a crumble cookie
 So anyway, that's that's like my lipids test
 It's not like I don't think like most biohackers would live by that model but like for me. It's like I want to have the like
 I ain't pretty much the same thing like 99% of the time, but when I'm gonna mess up
 I want to mess up with the best stuff and not like something like yeah, yeah, yeah, I feel like I wasn't even good
 Why did I do that? I want to make sure I'm doubling down if I'm gonna mess up now. I'm going deep on like something that's worth it
 Yeah, yeah, all right. Well, thank you for sharing Russell. I appreciate it
 This is I think it was a good batch of three episodes for us not awesome
 But we guys enjoy this if you like conversations like this aren't necessarily marketing related
 But based on all the other weird stuff going on in my head and Josh said let us know and we'll do more of these
 and thanks man for doing this I appreciate it and
 See you guys on the next episode of the marketing secrets podcast
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you also Dan Kenny
 And I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this
 Gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter calm not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
