 [MUSIC]
 Why are vacations so hard for entrepreneurs like us?
 Do you ever have any of your friends or family members or
 people you care about, maybe a wife or a spouse?
 Tell you something like this.
 You need a break, you need a stop road so you're gonna get burned out.
 How many times do we have people who we love and
 we care about tell us things like that.
 The thing that a break is what we need to be happy to have a balanced life.
 What they don't understand is that us entrepreneurs actually get stressed out
 by vacations.
 Why?
 Well, right now I'm in Kauai, Hawaii with my beautiful wife celebrating our 15 year
 anniversary and this beach house right here, it's been over $2,500 a night to stay here.
 We phone in helicopters, we've gone on boat tours, we've floated down irrigation
 canals, we've had an amazing vacation.
 They're actually more stressed out now than it was at home running my entire company.
 Why?
 Because entrepreneurs don't need vacations.
 But the people around us that we love, they do.
 What our loved ones don't understand is that us entrepreneurs,
 we don't get happy and sad like normal people.
 We only feel momentum, we're either moving forward or
 moving backwards.
 When we're moving forward, we feel happy.
 When we're not, we feel sad, we feel upset and we feel stressed.
 It's kind of like when a coach pulls you out of the big game and
 sets you on the bench to catch your breath.
 Yet as you're watching the game from the sidelines, you're seeing your teammates,
 you're seeing your players all move towards the goal line,
 you want to do everything in your power to get back into the game.
 Being in the game is why you do what you do.
 What they don't understand is that what we do, it is our hobby, it is our vacation.
 And when we're moving forward, that's all the fuel that we need.
 When we have to stop for vacation or for sleep, so does our momentum.
 So if you're watching this and you care about entrepreneur, don't worry about us.
 We're not going to burn out.
 We don't need a break, we just need to keep moving forward.
 So if our mind is wandering when we're on vacation or it seems like we're struggling,
 it's not because we don't love you, we do.
 In fact, that's the reason why we're on this vacation is because we do love you.
 We're just trying to figure out how to keep moving forward without ruining
 the vacation for others around us.
 And for my entrepreneurs who are watching this, first is tag and
 share this video with those who are around you who love you.
 So we'll understand you better and they'll stop trying to get you to relax.
 And second, the secret to happy vacation for you and for the people that you love
 is to figure out ways to keep momentum happening even while you're on vacation.
 For me, it's reading a book or listening to an audio course or something that I can
 learn that doesn't interrupt the vacation for others.
 For them, it seems like I'm relaxing.
 So the people that I love don't stress out and think I'm going to burn out.
 But inside of my mind, I can continue to plot and scheme and figure out how to keep things moving forward.
 You're an entrepreneur and this game we play, it isn't a job, it's your life.
 And that's okay.
 (upbeat music)
 (clicks)
