 Hey, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome to the marketing secrets podcast. Today, I'm going
 to be talking about the magic ladder success. This is a book that was written by Napoleon
 Hill in 1912. Wait, it's 1912. I'm pretty sure that's what I said before. Yes, no, I lied
 in 1921. Napoleon Hill wrote this book called the magic, the magic ladder of success. I
 actually bought this copy of the book on eBay for $10,000 because it is rare. It's the only
 copy I've ever seen. And so I brought I bring it today to you guys on this podcast episode.
 We're going to go over the 16 rungs of the magic ladder success and pulling Hill wrote
 about in 1921. I think you guys can get a lot of value from this. Even if you just master
 one or two or three of these rungs, I'll help you get closer to the goals that you are trying
 to achieve, whether it be in business, sports, relationships, whatever it is you're trying
 to be successful in. I hope this episode is going to help you to start taking these principles
 from Napoleon Hill and weave them in weaving them into your mind to help you be more successful
 in all areas of your life. Okay, a couple other things. For this episode, I want you guys to
 make an intention before you start listening to or watching it. I'm just looking at like the
 thing that you're trying to achieve. Okay, you're going to learn this. The very first rung
 of success is like your definite aim. Like what is the thing you want? If you don't have
 the, I don't want to make sure you sit down and you figure it out. In fact, the very end of this
 book, the very last thing he says in here, which is so cool, is going to be what I'm going to
 lead with. So this is the intention of what you guys have. He says, again, this is right for the
 end of the book right before he goes to the ad promoting his magazine. He says, "May not be a
 good planet if you finish your work of this book by writing out your definite aim and the plan by
 which you expect to attain it." Okay, so the big key is like on the slide, all you guys want success
 in something. What is your definite aim? Okay, so if you get one thing from this whole entire
 episode is like, what is the thing you want? Okay, I don't care what it is for you. Some of you
 guys, that's the one or two common couple words. Some of you guys like you want to grow a business,
 you want to raise money for non-profit, you want to make money, you want to lose money, you want to,
 no, I'm guessing you don't want to lose money, but you want to lose weight. Whatever your
 thing is like, what is your definite aim? What's the thing you want and what's the plan you have
 to get it? And then after you have that plan thought through, then when you take it through,
 these rungs of the ladder success to see what things you're missing. My guess is if you're not
 there yet, there's one or two or five or 12 things that you're not doing right yet, right? If you're
 aware of it now, now that we're aware of it, you can make those changes, those tweaks you need
 to actually be successful. So again, this episode, we're going to deepen the magic ladder of success,
 walk through all the principles, and when you look at what things you're missing,
 what things you need to tweak and change, so you can actually get the goal that you are looking for.
 All right, this episode today is actually brought to you by one of my new companies. I'm about to
 launch called Secrets of Success. This is going to be my personal development mindset, all sorts
 of cool things. We'll talk about that company, that business over here. So if you enjoy this stuff,
 I want to make sure you go and subscribe. So right now the site's not live, but there is a page to
 go to secretsofsuccess.com/magicladder. You actually download this PDF right here, which is the PDF
 where we're talking about during today's episode. So there's this monster, go get on the list,
 that way you get the PDF and whole bunch of other cool things. Again, secretsofsuccess.com/magicladder.
 Also on top of that, please, if you enjoyed this episode, rate or review wherever you're watching,
 if you're on YouTube, drop a comment down below, let us know. If you're on the podcast, please
 go to the podcast, drop some comments. I want to hear where they are. And if you are somewhere else,
 maybe you're on your phone and you're listening to this right now, take a screenshot of the episode
 and go and post it on socials and tag me on it. Let me know your favorite thing about this episode,
 what you learned, what you wish I would have talked about, anything you want me to cover in the
 future, because I do look at those things. I read all the people that are tagging me on Facebook,
 Instagram, YouTube, different places. So make sure you do that in that way. I know what to give
 you guys. So we're creating the best stuff for you possible. And on the last thing before we jump
 in this, if you have any questions or comments or things you want me to talk about, you can also
 go to marketing seekers.com, scroll down on that page. There's a spot where you can submit your
 questions. Those come directly to me. I can look at those and potentially cover them in a future
 episode. So with that said, let's jump right into this episode of the podcast.
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host Russell Brunson. All right, everyone,
 it's Russell and I'm excited for today's podcast episode. We were talking about a book
 written by Napoleon Hill that actually bought on eBay for $10,000. And you got a grussel list page
 is like this book is like 30 pages, why would you spend $10,000 for it? And it's because first
 off, Napoleon Hill is my favorite author. Second off, I am like literally scouring the country
 trying to find all the first edition everything from Napoleon Hill. That'll tell you guys some
 really cool interesting stories about that today. And this is a copy of a booklet that I found that
 I hadn't seen before. I actually had owned this copy of the book, The Magic Ladder Success,
 which is really fat and big and was published, I think in 1930. And this one was published like
 a decade earlier. And it's like the precursor to this. In fact, this is actually based on a
 presentation that Napoleon Hill gave. He traveled around the whole country, giving presentation.
 This is before thinking of a rich, before law of success, before all that stuff. It was when
 he was first kind of developing these thoughts in this methodology and his philosophy of success.
 And it's an early version of that. And so when I found this, I was like, this is really,
 really cool to read. In fact, when you open up, it starts by saying this is part of,
 this is like the transcript slash cleaned up version of a presentation he did all around the
 world. So hundreds of thousands of people actually saw this presentation before thinking of it,
 which is kind of cool. And so today, I actually read this entire book. I have a whole bunch of
 notes and things are going to go over it. We're going to talk about it. But one of the fascinating
 things for me two weeks ago, I had a chance to fly out to the Napoleon Hill Foundation.
 And it's been cool because as I've been getting more and more obsessed with Napoleon Hill, as you
 can see behind me collecting all of these books and courses and magazines and everything I can
 find that he's ever published or put out there. It's taken on this journey to the whole bunch
 of cool places and we had a chance finally go out to the Napoleon Hill Foundation and look at
 all these cool things. And so we had a chance to go first off meet Don Green, who's the head of
 the foundation, but then also go to the archives and see all the original like the manuscripts for
 Outwitting the Devil and another book that has not been launched or published yet. I don't know if
 I'm allowed to talk about it. But it's another unpublished and poignant book in the same series,
 like part two of the Outwitting the Devil book that no one's ever heard of. Anyway, and they're
 actually shipping me the manuscript this week, which is crazy. We'll talk about that later on
 another episode. Here's all these open loops. This is what I do. There's a thousand open loops.
 But anyway, it's really cool. One of the things we saw, which was really cool, is in one of the
 glass cabinets, there were his lecture notes and the point of those lecture notes. So he was
 at a hotel. So it's like on a hotel stationary. And he was writing down his notes that he was
 going to give on his talk. It was like section, you know, first thing I'm talking about this and
 then this and this and tell this story. And so I got pictures of me holding these his notes from
 presentation he gave. And this is cool because again, this book came from a presentation he gave
 all around the world called Magic Ladders Success. And so we talk about that. In fact, I doodled out
 while I was reading the book, the whole Magic Ladders Success. And I had one of our designers
 design one for you guys. And if you want this at the end, give you guys a link where you can go and
 download a PDF version. So you can print it out. Hang on a wall so you can look at the 16 ladders
 of success. This is basically success at the top run of the the ladder and these all the things
 you have to do in order to be able to be successful, which is kind of cool. And if you've read a lot
 of success or thinking rich, other ones, you notice that these steps aren't the exact same steps in
 his other books. And it's because this is getting this early on his career, he was still developing
 these, his thoughts, his methodologies, like what he wanted to teach on. And so this is one of the
 earliest versions, which was kind of fun. So that's what we're going to talk about today is the
 Magic Ladders Success. How you guys have success in your life, in your business, whatever you're
 trying to do by following the same principles and pulling he'll taught from all around the
 country. No one thing he said in his book at the very intro that I think is interesting. And I
 wanted to share this with you guys before we get into this podcast episode in this video.
 He says to the purchasers of this book, greetings from the author, if you merely purchase this bit
 of paper, printers, ink, and biting as a book, you're not going to get your money's worth. But if you
 have purchased the sum total of knowledge that I have gathered and classified during my walk down
 the valley of the shadow, if you have purchased that which I have learned from mistakes and failures,
 heartaches and disappointments, if you have purchased my services covering a period of more than 20
 years during which I have earnestly and diligently getting ready to write this book, then you will
 get your money's worth full press down and running over. One reading this book will do but little, if
 any good reading it over and over until every idea and it becomes your own, then put these ideas to
 work. Use them in all you do and a small sum you invest in this book may easily prove to be the
 most important turning point in your life. And I think that's true. This is why I'm so obsessed
 with books by the way. Tony Robbins, he coined a phrase called decade in a day where you can take
 a decade of an author's life and they put it into a book you can read in a day. For example,
 this is when he talked about this is 20 years of his stuff put into his book that I was able to
 read in about an hour. So with that said, this podcast episode I want you to look at the exact same
 way. This is me taking 20 years and pulling that hills life. He put it down into a book,
 click me now reading. I'm going to give it to you guys in 15, 20 minutes. And that's kind of game
 plans. That's how I'm good. Okay. So to begin this, we're going to start on the bottom rung of the
 magic ladder success and the bottom rung. And if you study in the point he'll all he talks about
 this in almost every one of his courses books, podcasts, not used to be in a podcast back then,
 radio interviews that have been turned into podcasts, things like that. But the very first step is
 the definite aim. Okay, you have to have a definite aim, something you are searching for,
 something you're looking for, something you're trying to move towards. He said in here in this
 book, he said that after serving in the 17,000 people, he said, I found that only 5% of people
 have an actual aim of the 95% are just followers. So only 5% of people are leaders who actually have
 an aim and like, I'm going this direction, I'm trying to accomplish this thing. It could be
 anything could be in sports, could be in business, could be in your family life, could be in a
 relationship, but an actual aim of this is the thing I'm going for. In his, in his looking,
 it was only 5% of people. And that was back in, in 1910 or 19, whenever the, this book was written,
 I think today people are even more lost now than back then. So I would say that number is
 probably less. But the first thing was having a definite aim. And if you have a definite aim,
 then a definite plan to actually achieve that aim, right? You can't say, I want to lose 20 pounds.
 And that's, that's my definite aim. That's it. No, it's like, get to my definition is I want to
 lose 20 pounds. And then the definite plan to actually get that is, okay, I'm going to do it by
 following this diet plan, this person, this, you know, whatever that thing might be. So it's
 definite aim and the definite plan, those are the two things that are successful for the first run
 of, of the magic ladder success. Okay, after you have a definite aim, a different plan,
 it takes you to the next step, which is self confidence. So not only you have to have the aim
 and the plan, you have to actually have belief that you can do it. You know, self confidence,
 I think I can actually do this, right? It's interesting. I always tell people that my head job
 as the head cheerleader here at ClickFunnels is just to get you guys to believe that that's
 actually successful because it's not hard. It's been proven over and over and over again. I think
 we're two or three days away from passing 2000 people that wanted to come club award.
 Nobody ever between you and them, if you haven't hit it yet, is because you lack self confidence.
 Like, I believe they could do it. I don't know if I could do that. Right. So I'm the biggest
 cheerleader for you. Like, I know you can do it. I have self confidence. You can do it. But that's
 the second run of the ladder is self confidence. Do you actually think you can do it? Right. So
 after you've got the definite aim, different plan, then you go to self confidence. The third run of
 the ladder is initiative. Are you actually going to go and do the thing? Right. How many of you guys
 have had ideas? Like, I'm going to do this thing. I'm going to plan, I have a plan to go and do
 something, but then you don't actually do it. Right. I want to be a state champ. When I was
 wrestling in high school, tons of people, I want to be a state champ. I want to be a state champ.
 They didn't have the initiative to actually go and do the actual work. Right. Want to make
 a million dollars. I want to lose weight. I want to do whatever the thing is. Do you actually have
 the initiative to do the things you need to do to actually be successful? Right. So we've
 definite a different plan. We got self confidence. We can actually do it. And then next is do
 the initiative. We actually go out there and start taking the steps necessary to be successful.
 Run number four is imagination. It's not only to have the initiative to go and do the steps when you
 do, they make have imagination. We can be creative, but to figure out new ways to solve the problems.
 In this book, he starts sharing a whole bunch of examples like Edison,
 he had initiative you wanted to figure out to create the light, but then he had to use imagination.
 Like, well, how's this going to work? And I think through it, right? Because it wasn't a
 plan. And here's how to build light bulb. You have to add imagination. He talked about Christopher
 Columbus had initiative. We have imagination. Like, how am I going to do this? How am I going
 to create this thing? Right. Gutenberg with the printing press, the initiative, but they had
 imagination. Like, how are we going to do this? Right. Right, brothers over. The story after story,
 after story. They says that the two keys to having initiative imagination, those two things together
 unlock the next level, right? He says, these two qualities are the main reasons why the 95%
 of adult people in the world have no definite aim in life, which in turn is the reason why the
 same 95% constitute the followers in life. Like, the initiative and imagination is the next and
 unlocks that leadership. Run number five is action. Okay. You hear this so much in person,
 about me hear this in the business world. Like, you got to take action. You take massive action.
 You go there and actually do the thing, right? It's similar to initiative. Initiative gets you
 started. Action is like the momentum that keeps it happening, right? Taking action on the idea is
 like despite fear and like all the problems that come up when we're trying to do anything,
 it's like blasting through that and actually doing the action we need. One of the really cool
 stories in the point he was shared here inside the book talking about action, which I was so
 powerful. He said, a few years ago, I went out to Chicago public parks and I interviewed seven of
 the so-called down and outs. Fellows who lie around asleep with newspapers over their faces
 while work is plentiful and wages are high. I wanted to catch a glimpse of the particular
 alibi. I love you call them alibi. I knew they had what they believed to be a reason for being
 without work. It was some small change in apocryphal cigars that got pretty close to these fellows.
 What do you suppose they told me every mother, son of them? It's a weird phrase,
 they're not using America anymore, but apparently back then they did. Each of them said substantially
 this. I am here because the world would not give me a chance. Okay. So think of it because the
 world would not give me a chance. The world would ever give any person a chance other than that,
 which when they went out and created by the use of their imagination, self-confidence,
 initiative, and those other qualities mentioned in the latter. We are not to argue the point that
 if there is no action, all education, the world, all the knowledge that ever came from the best
 colleges and universities on the earth, all the good intentions plus all the other qualities
 mentioned in this magic ladder would not be of any value whatsoever. Okay. And so action is the
 key, like getting action after you have all these things. Earlier in the book talked a lot about
 this, like the fact that there's so much knowledge, right? There's knowledge in encyclopedias and books
 and everything, but just having the knowledge doesn't help you be successful is taking the
 knowledge and actually turning it into something, right? A couple of quotes from the book he said,
 "There's a great deal of knowledge carefully classified and stored away and well edited
 encyclopedias, but it represents no power until it's transformed and organized, intelligent,
 directed effort." Right? So just having knowledge as the key, like just reading a million books
 as the key. It's like reading the books and then applying the thing, taking the action,
 doing the next step. He says, "There's no power in college degrees, nor in education,
 which these degrees represent until it's classified, organized, and put into action." Okay. So our
 job is like, as you were learning and consuming and you're listening to podcasts, you're studying,
 you're reading books, you're watching this video or listening to the audio, or wherever you bumped
 into this ad, right? The key is not just the accumulation of knowledge. It's the accumulation
 and turning that into actual action. That's how you have success in any aspect of your life. Okay.
 Let's continue to move up the rungs of ladder. Number six now is enthusiasm. Okay. Not just saying,
 "Oh, I'm gonna have to go do this thing." Right? We joke some of my friends, we tease them and call
 them Eor because it's like the donkey. "Okay, I guess I'm gonna do it." Like those people rarely
 have success in life. If people have success, like, "Oh, this is gonna be hard." Okay. If I have
 enthusiasm, I'm excited, I'm gonna go do the thing and be successful. So you take action,
 but not action with like, "Oh, like dread or remorse or, you know, tiredness or whatever." It's
 doing it with enthusiasm. I do it. Okay. If I'm gonna go accomplish this definite aim,
 my chief purpose, the thing I'm going after, I'm gonna do it with energy and excitement,
 I'm gonna go attack it. Right? So rung number six is enthusiasm. Rung number seven now is self-control.
 He talks about like the importance in here of being able to control ourselves,
 or control our anger, control our frustrations, control listings because as you are going on this
 path and moving towards being successful in whatever area of life you're looking to be successful in,
 there's gonna be things come up. Right? And if you can't have self-control,
 if they're like, "Safe focus," be like, "Keep doing the thing you're supposed to be doing to continue
 to take action." To not get frustrated, mad or angry, all those kind of things, if you can have that
 self-control, it's gonna help you be more successful. I want to quote, I love what he said in here,
 "No person's ever became a great leader of other men until he first learned how to lead himself
 through self-control. Self-mastery is the first stepping stone to real achievement."
 Okay? So the question of view is like, "Do you have self-mastery? Do you have self-control? Are you
 able to control your thoughts and your, all the things, right? And this constant battle in our
 mind like, we want to go do something, but our mind's like, "Oh, that's easier to go and watch
 Netflix. I want to go run and lose weight. Oh, but it's easier to go to Krispy Kreme and get
 donuts, right? Like, there's this mental battle that we're going through every single day, every
 single one of us and learning how to control our mind is one of the big keys to success.
 Okay? We're gonna continue to move up the Magic Ladder success. Run number eight. He says it in
 more words than I'm gonna say. So I'll say his way first. He said, "Run number eight is the habit
 of performing more work and better work than you are paid to perform." I like to call this principle,
 the principle of over delivering, right? Whenever you are in any circumstance or situation,
 you always want to do more than you're paid than you were paid for. He talks a lot about this
 and thinking, "Grill Rich talks about in a lot of success. Like, this is one of the principles
 that he goes deep in all the time. It's just like, look, you want to be successful in life. Always
 do more than you are paid for. Always over deliver. If someone pays you, you know, 50 bucks an hour
 to do something, give them $100 an hour worth of effort. And if you do that, over time, people
 continue to look at your value and it'll increase, right? And so he says the habit of performing more
 work and better work than you're paid for, which again I say is hashtag over deliver. Always over
 delivering all aspects of your life. If you over deliver it in your relationships, you're gonna
 have good relationships. If you over deliver in your marriage, you have a great marriage,
 you over deliver to your kids, you have a great relationship with your kids, over delivering your
 job in your sports, your athletics, your business, whatever it is, like serving your customers. If
 you're over delivering every single aspect, that's how you're gonna be able to help guarantee your
 success. So that is run number eight. As they start moving up, run number nine is an attractive
 personality. How does that sound interesting? If you've read any of my books, all three dot com
 secrets, expert secrets, and traffic secrets, I talk about this concept called the attractive
 character, right? The attractive character is all about like, who are you putting out there in the
 world? It's going to track the right people to you. And in this book, he talks about attractive
 personality. And so the same thing is that people aren't going to want to work with you if you're
 like always depressed or sad or not putting those things out there, right? If you, if you look scary,
 if you're not like keeping yourself clean, like things like that, it's like you have to look at
 that. Like if you want to attract people into your life to help you to reach your goals, you have to
 have an attractive personality. It doesn't mean it's a good looking. That doesn't matter. But I can
 attract a personality where you're, you're nice to talk to you, you're pleasant, you're not angry
 people all the time. Like people can have conversations with you looking at your life and figuring out
 how can I have an attractive personality and studying people who do have attractive personalities.
 A good book that isn't this book, obviously, but another one to go deeper onto if you want to go
 deeper on that is Dale Carnegie's How to Win Friends and Influence People. Like how do you do that?
 Like if you understand those principles of how you present yourself, it's how you,
 like Del Carr, you said, it's how you win friends and influence people, which is a big step in the
 ladder of success. Okay, rung number 10, accurate thought. This is one that most of the world struggles
 with. Every time they hear any knowledge or information, I think it's the truth. And sometimes
 it is, but oftentimes it's not, especially today. Think about it, Napoleon Hill wrote this back
 way before the internet, way before computers, back when they were just typewriters, right? And
 before we were having all of the social media where everyone in their dog has an opinion,
 everyone's telling you what they think and there's, you know, anybody can publish anything. It's insane.
 And most people are looking at stuff and taking all this truth or everything's false or whatever,
 and they don't have accurate thinking, right? For us to be successful, we have to have accurate
 thought. Okay, so Napoleon Hill says this difference between separating between your information
 and actual facts. Like what is the actual truth? It's important for us to get to the actual truth,
 we're not just making decisions based on information, which could and usually is not correct, right?
 And so we've got to figure out for ourselves, like, how do we create a way to make sure that we
 have accurate thoughts? How do we fact check ourselves? Like, what are our sources? What are we look to?
 Like, what are the things we can do to make sure that the choices we're making based on
 information we're given are correct, right? And it comes down to really having accurate thought,
 not just taking things at face value, but studying, learning them out, testing, trying things, right?
 One of the biggest things I've learned in my life that when I hear something and I'm not just
 always saying, oh, this is true. I'm going to take it and think through it. I'm going to test it out.
 And if it works, right, then, okay, this is a good thing. And the Bible talks about how this
 is the principle of the seed, right? Like, you have a seed, like, it's a good seed or bad seed.
 I don't know. One of the many notes to plant the seed and see if it grows. If it grows, like,
 oh, this is a good seed, right? Same thing is true with information coming to you. Like,
 don't just take everything as this is the truth until you've planted it, you've watered it,
 you've tested it, you've seen what's happened, if it grows up and something good, it's like, okay,
 that is true. Therefore, I'm going to continue to use that for the rest of my life, right?
 So accurate thought is a huge key because if you're getting the wrong information and looking at
 as truth and you're running the wrong direction, you never get to the outcome you're looking for,
 okay? So accurate thought is run number 10. Yes, run number 10. All right, run number 11.
 Concentration. Are you able to concentrate long enough to actually get the project or the thing
 done? Okay, can you focus enough to, like, despite all the distractions? And back again,
 this is, I keep quoting what year, but let me make sure I have the right year. The year that this
 book was published is 1921. So 1921, how hard was it to have concentration, right?
 Probably the hard, like, they had telephones, I'm assuming they had, I don't think they had TVs
 in their houses, like, and he was focused on concentration then, like, they didn't have,
 you know, texting and Twitter and Facebook and Instagram and YouTube and Skype and Slack and Zoom
 and text messages and DMs and instant message and Snapchat and, you know, all the, like, the chaos,
 right? And he was concerned about concentration back then. Today, it's even worse, like, how in the
 world do you get concentration? So you actually focus and get things done. Right now, I'm in a
 room with a whole bunch of walls and a bunch of books and nothing else. There's a computer,
 but even on my computer, I tried to turn off the internet so I can focus and actually get things
 done. Like, what is it you're doing to make sure you can concentrate on the goal of hand so you can
 actually be successful? Because there are a million things that are fighting for your attention
 every single second of every single day. And you're not careful. And you give into those things,
 you never can get to the finish line of what you're trying to accomplish. So concentration is key.
 After concentration, the extra on the ladder is persistency. Okay. And persistency is going to
 lead into the next level of persistency. Those like continue to try and to try and to try. Okay.
 It's not a one time thing. Success is not something that most people stumble upon immediately, right?
 If you were to watch a movie and you watch this hero's journey and the hero, when he tried something,
 he just had success, what would you think about that? Like, this movie is really boring. He tried
 in the very first time he tried it was successful, right? Like, persistency is what helps you to grow.
 It helps a character in a movie to grow and develop and become something amazing. And same thing is
 true for you, right? Your goal of getting success is not to make this an easy path to the end,
 it's for you to grow and to become something different, become something better, right? The
 whole thing we'll try to be successful in any area of our life, it's like this process of us
 trying to become who we're supposed to become, right? And so persistence is like part of that goal.
 It's like, it's the growth process, right? Like trying and failing and trying and failing
 until as you continue to be persistent, that's when you show up. And I believe that I think a lot
 of times God gives us these desires, these goals, or things we're pursuing. And they want to say,
 how bad was he really want this? He wants to see and he's testing us, right? If you just made it
 simple, then you didn't earn anything, right? True success and true happiness and fulfillment
 and success comes from like getting through the trials and like and struggling and persisting and
 growing and becoming the person who's supposed to be. So, run number 12 is persistency, which leads us
 to run number 13, which is failure. One thing he said in here was interesting, he said that
 this brings us to the lucky 13th rung of the ladder, which is failure. Do not stumble on this rung.
 It is the most interesting rung of all because it deals with the facts you must face in life,
 whether you wish to do so or not. It shows you as clearly as you might see the sun on a clear day,
 how you can turn every failure into an asset, how you carve every failure into a foundation
 stone upon which your house of success will stand forever. He also says that failure is the only
 subject on the whole ladder, which might be called negative. And we shall show you how and why it
 is one of the most important of life's experiences. Failure is the key, right? Like,
 persisting seems failure. These two runs, they go hand in hand like we are persistent,
 we're going to fail, we're going to persist, we're going to fail. And like that process of
 failing is how we get things closer and closer and closer until eventually we're successful, right?
 Again, it's very rare that someone goes and they have success in the first try. So they set
 really little goals, right? The bigger goal you have, the more failures can become part of it.
 And most of us are so scared of failing that they're never willing to even try.
 We're understanding that failure is one of the steps of success that's like, okay, I'm going to
 fail. That's okay, I'm going to go through the process and fail and be like, oh, I failed.
 What do I learn from this? How can I grow from this? I think people who have been athletes a lot of
 times have more success in most aspects of life because they've had to fail over and over and over
 again, right? Like as a wrestler, I stepped on the mat hundreds of times and I didn't win every
 match. I lost a lot of matches, right? But I went out there, I lost a match, I came back, we looked at
 the film, we figured out what did I learn? Like, how do I fail? What do I need to do differently?
 We persisted, we went and figured out a new plan, we came back and we tried again, right? And then
 I succeeded or I'd fail. If I fail, I'd go back to the drawing board and keep trying and eventually
 through that process that refiners fire, I became so good that I was able to beat most people,
 right? And so a lot of times athletes who have had a chance to go out there and they know like,
 hey, if I step on the mat or on the court or on the field, whatever their thing is,
 that if I lose, I'm not a loser, right? I have to go watch the game film and learn and then
 practice and come better. Like, people have gone through athletics a lot of times, that's more
 real time. So they transition to business or other areas of the life. It's easier for them to have
 success than those who have never had a chance to fail, right? And so if you haven't had a chance
 to fail in the past, like it's one of the keys to understand that it's okay, just because you
 failed doesn't mean you're a failure. But the process, the plan that you had tried before failed,
 right? Okay, cool. That's okay. Come back and retweet the plan, like refigured out in between
 persistence and failure, persistence and failure over time is how you actually find success. Okay,
 so that is run number 13 is failures. Now as you move to run number 14, this is tolerance and
 sympathy. This is starting to look outward, not just for yourself and you should have tolerance
 and sympathy for your own failures and mistakes, but also for the people that are around you.
 And one interesting thing about the magic ladder success you'll notice is that
 Napoleon Hill, one of his core principles in law of success and thinking leverage is the power
 of a mastermind. He doesn't talk about a mastermind here. He hadn't developed that principle, that
 concept yet in his thoughts and his writings. But this is, I believe, part of it, talking about
 tolerance and sympathy, like towards the people you're around, right? Like if you're working towards
 a goal, chances are it's not just you. There's other people on this journey with you and like,
 how do you have tolerance and sympathy for them and the struggles and frustrations they're having
 as well, right? By doing that helps you get more people to come want to help you out along your
 journey as well. Okay, we're getting close to the end of the success ladder. Number 15 now is work.
 Actually going out there and doing the work necessary to be successful in this process.
 Like, something every four or five runs are about like the progress, like the making progress,
 right? There's action, there's initiative, there's work, like it's doing the actual thing.
 And essentially, you look through this ladder, like every three or four runs is kind of brought
 up in different version of that. But I think it's important because most people think that like,
 I don't think they're hoping that they're just going to think and grow rich, right? But thinking
 grow rich in the process, like your thoughts have to become actions, right? And this is what we're
 talking about stepping over 15 is work, like going out there again and doing the work to be successful.
 If you notice in the point he was writing, he always likens things back to nature. Like,
 how are things happening naturally in nature? And then how does that relate back to us? And then
 this principally talks about against is all nature's laws have decreed that nothing may live,
 which is not used. The arm which is tied to one's arm and removed from active use will
 wither up and perish away. So it is with any other part of the physical body.
 disuse brings decay and death. Likewise, the human mind with all its qualities will wither up
 into K unless it is used. This is wrong. The mind will not decay, but the brain, the physical agent
 through which the mind functions with the K unless it is used. Every picture retreats a human brain
 through the five sentences embeds itself upon one of the tiny brain cells where to wither up
 and die through disuse or become vivid and healthy through constant use. Okay, so we got to work,
 we got to keep putting these motions in process to make our muscles grow our mind grow, whatever it
 is we're trying to work towards. And then this brings us to run number 16, the top, the last one
 before success. And this is the golden rule. And the golden rule is interesting because the point
 he'll I think back in 1912 back in the early years, like people talked more about this, right,
 the golden rule do into others as you would have them do into you, right? This is a biblical
 principle of the biblical statement, but we don't talk about nowadays. But it was it's such a
 heavy thing in Napoleon Hill's mind. Like he actually launched a magazine called Hills Golden
 Rule. When I was at the Napoleon Hill Foundation, he had a golden ruler, his actual I got a holy
 guy pitched me holding like, this is the golden ruler and the point he'll carry around with him
 everywhere to remember this principle of like Hills Golden Rule and the golden rule, like
 it's such a key thing like do into others you'd have them do into you. And so it's the last step on
 the the ladder here to success is is the golden rule. And I can't tell you all the details, but
 the outwitting devil book, the part two of that book, I won't tell you the title yet or anything
 he's going to want to ruin the surprise when you get to find out about it. But in this book,
 it talks about Hitler and has Hitler's one of the most successful people of all time. He says,
 like, he followed all the laws of success except for two. And I won't tell you all, but one of
 them was the golden rule. And so that's why Hitler was successful in doing what he did, but
 ultimately not successful in life because he missed one of the golden rule or one of the
 the runs of the ladder. And one of them was the golden rule, do into others as you have them
 new into you. I mean, you start looking at this as a filter through all the choices and the actions
 you're making in life. It keeps you on the straight and narrow path of success and harmony and
 mental like not being stressed and like all those things, right? We start looking at through that
 lens of the golden rule. So this book, the magic about it says you guys, I do the doubt here as I
 was going like I wanted to wrap it all out. And I decided to give you guys something really cool
 is have my designers designed this PDF you can take and you can print out how to have it on your
 wall, put it in your books and your notes, whatever it is, is you watch this podcast interview,
 you can take notes along the whole thing if you want. And I will put this up for free for you
 as you can go and download it at secretsofsuccess.com/magicladder and a G I C L A D D E R. We'll make sure
 that the PDF is there for this right there. Now we can download it and have it with you as you
 guys are taking notes or thinking through these principles in your life. Now I'm going to continue
 to to make videos like this going through different books specifically in the point hillbooks. I
 love to do part two of this one going from the magic ladder success and again, this one was published
 1921 to 1930. He published a bigger version, the magic ladder success right here, which goes even
 deeper and there's more principles and more stories. And I think he's changed some of the
 the runs around based on how his philosophy had had evolved over a almost a decade period of time.
 But again, if you make sure that you are subscribed to this channel, if you're on the podcast,
 make sure you're subscribed to podcast that way as I as I bring you guys other episodes,
 other things about these topics, you have a chance to get them as well. And there you go,
 magic ladder success. All right, I hope you enjoyed this episode of podcast talking about
 Napoleon Hill's magic ladder success. Again, so many cool principles, so many great things. I hope
 you guys got a ton of value from this. If you did, please share this video or this podcast episode
 with somebody who you love and you care about, especially someone who's trying to have more
 success in life. It could be in business, could be in sports, athletics, could be in a relationship,
 whatever it is, these principles from Napoleon Hill are timeless and they're things that can
 help serve you and serve them. So please share this with anybody you can. On top of that, if you
 have any questions you want me to answer about this book or about Napoleon Hill, about any of the
 cool things we're talking about during this episode. Again, if you go to marketing secrets.com, there's
 a link there where you can submit your questions. I get those links directly to me and I'll try to
 answer them on a future episode here on the channel or on the podcast. With that said,
 you guys, thank you so much for listening. I appreciate you all. Go stay to Pauline Hill. He
 is the man. So many good principles and some of the things I learned from him. I'm going to
 continue bringing you back more cool and pulling his stuff in the future. If you, if you like it,
 so if you do like it, let me know in the comments down below. That way we know that this is stuff
 you want to hear more about. So with that said, thank you guys so much. Appreciate you listening
 and we'll see you guys on the next episode.
