 What's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast.
 I hope that yesterday or whenever you listen to the last episode with the first half of
 the interview with Ian Stan, they hope you enjoyed it. This is the exciting conclusion
 of the interview. It's part two of two. This is the second half an hour. As you can tell
 from the interview, if you listen to the last episode, we're talking about all sorts
 of stuff. It was really fun and hopefully you guys enjoyed it and it was entertaining
 and hopefully you also learned some really cool things for your business as well. So
 with that said, I hope you enjoy the episode. Thank you so much for listening and I'll
 take you over now to listen to part two of my interview with Ian Stan.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets? How do we mark it in a way that lets us get
 our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 still remain profitable? That was the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Do we got Nathan Berry in the house now? Hey, I'm with him, man.
 And never use convert kick. It's the worst. Oh, it's all the clicks and converts and all
 that. That's what that's what Boise is. Click funnels and click bank and convert kit. Paul
 could not figure out. I got to quickly tell you this because it's a really quick, stupid
 story. So we're at Craft and Commerce and Paul, the video guy, one of the most interesting
 human beings he'll ever meet in your entire life. He goes to one of the talks at ConvertKit
 and he comes out of the, it's like a breakout one. And we're like, so what did you learn?
 He's like, she's talking about some software the whole time. He's like showing how to build
 pages and stuff. And I was like, Oh, what was the software? And he's like, it was kind
 of like, she's talking about his kind of a pitch, but not really, but kind of just showing
 the software. He's like, he's like, click something. I was like, click funnels. He's
 like, no, it's like click bank. It's like, no. And I'm like, those are the clicks. Click
 up. And he's like, no, I don't think it was any of those. And then like later, he goes,
 let's say something like, Oh, this is something about ConvertKit. And he goes, Oh, that was
 the one. And I go, it's their event. And he goes, I had no idea. He literally had no
 idea that the whole event was put on by ConvertKit. And he couldn't even figure out the name
 of this of one of the easiest software names to remember. And that's Paul that if you want
 to know Paul, for those of you who were here yesterday, that he found pants, that was his
 idea as well. If you have any pants related ideas, that's, that's Paul's specialty. Oh,
 man. Okay. That's just a fun thing to talk about. But okay. So actually, one of the questions
 I had is I know you talk about the dream 100 quite a bit. How much is that truly? And
 is that guy Dana who just like ran with it and built a whole entire business off of it?
 How much is that really like a part of what you do?
 Huge to this day. Like yesterday, doing your 100 stuff. Monday, my entire day's dream 100,
 all working towards ClickFun Super and all lunch. But it's funny because people are like,
 Oh, yeah, I heard you talk about that. And then they pass it. I'm like, it literally
 is the key. Like the traffic seekers book, everyone's expecting me to talk about Google
 ads and Facebook ads and stuff like that. And the first like 75% of the book is like the
 dream 100. Like that's the secret to everything. And like,
 Right. That's what I bought. Like the foremost, I was early. I bought when I was living in San
 Diego. So this must have been eight years ago. It was like the start, eight years ago,
 when we realized it was during when you were doing the weekly webinars, I think. Yeah. And
 I can't remember whose list it was that I must have bought from. But it was the, and I didn't
 have the money for the time, but it was the $2,000 offer. I think it was for the year or
 something. Yeah, it might have been a thousand, then I think. And I bought it by first course,
 like the next week with Derek Johansson and made, we made $12,000. And I was making five
 grand a month at my job. So it's like, holy shit, this is incredible. It actually works.
 But that was the first thing. And that was when you were, so that's how you built it,
 right? You basically went to all these partners. Yeah, first year I did, I think I did year
 one, I think it was like 70 or 80 webinars for sure. Sometimes it was like, you know,
 three or four weeks, when it's three or four a day, just lined them up and we were doing
 it and doing it and doing it until we passed 10 million in sale. That's the past 10 million
 dollars when we started automating it. But I still, you know, when we do a launch of our
 book, we do our Fred is we do like we have full staff, like three or four people all
 their only job is dream 100, like just renecing and talking to them and sending them stuff
 and getting promotions lined up and like it's always constantly happening. Is that still
 more than your primary traffic is other people. Yep. There's a day we get more from our affiliates
 and all of our, I mean, we're spending two million bucks a month on ads and we get more
 from our affiliates and we do all the ads in mind and they stick longer. They're better
 people like all those things. I guess it was crazy to me because even to this day, like
 when we do our own campaigns, right, like we'll do our campaign and like 90% ourselves still
 come from the email. Like this day, like all the stuff that we talk about and we do from
 you know, ads and this and that and all the stuff like email still trumps all. So like,
 if I can get an affiliate send email, that's worth, you know, 50, 60, 70,000 dollars
 to the Facebook ads. So why not have some full time? It just lines those things up.
 That's what so and it's so interesting here and that because we're first off email apparently
 is still alive. Nathan. So, but the this is something that like with clients I've worked
 with will have typically three to four times lifetime value from somebody else's list versus
 YouTube, Facebook, anything else. And Cam and I've talked about that like two years ago,
 when we decided to partner, we were like, let's do this money gen a quiz and let's do
 CPL in the make money space because nobody does CPL offers in our space. It's all in the health
 space. It's all CPL, right? Like that's what when biotrust had to make that change, like
 we're going to pay two dollars a lead. And they absolutely blew up through that model. Same with
 theory. That's what they did. They're just like, let's just get emails from other people's list
 because these people open, click and engage with email. And it's like getting people from TikTok
 or YouTube onto a list. They might be email people, but they might not. That was actually
 something from your event that when Sam Powell was talking and I was like, I was like, God,
 I don't want to do blog posts. But then you realize the reason why those lists are so valuable
 from blog posts is those people are readers. If they like, if you watch YouTube, you're not
 necessarily into reading. But if you read blog posts, especially thousand word blog posts,
 you're probably going to read emails. So you've got to sell books. People read books for better
 people. Right. I'm not. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, 100%. So people like, why do you have so many books
 to your front ends? Because like people read books with best customers that are the ones that have
 the most success to the ones who, you know, it's like, why not create something that generates the
 dream person? So like you run Facebook ads on the book. The Facebook people who like books show up
 and they enter your world. And we have every one of our, because I mean, I probably have more front
 ends than any other company on the planet, right? So we have how many front ends, but we can track
 like which front end they came through, how long they sick. And so like the people come through
 book funnels sick longer, they last longer. How do you track all that? It's a nightmare. There's
 like 10 different things we use. A lot of us internal data. So we, you know, obviously click
 phones, we see, we can see all that and it's proling and all the, all the things from our
 own internal click phones tracking plus high roast plus wicked reports plus, I don't know, it's a
 whole mess. You know, LTV numbers, do you know, Tyler? My team would know that for sure. Yeah,
 he because he built the whole software basically. Oh, really? Funnels for LTV tracking.
 I don't know. Yeah. So we, we've been using it. We've used that a time and it's, I mean,
 the problem was he didn't have a phone sales component and that's been a bigger part of our
 business now. So we use high roast and we're using LTV numbers. We're working with them directly to
 like develop it properly because if we're buying a bunch of leads, we have to know 30 day,
 but set day seven, day 14, day 30 value and everything. But when we started doing that with the book,
 especially like my free push shipping front end, we'd get around a 35 to $50 day zero value,
 but they'd be worth like $90 by day 30, I think, and then up to 150 by day 90.
 Yeah. So that decision was so completely different when we're like, oh, they're only worth 50 bucks
 and we're spending 50 bucks. But then you look like we're three X roas by day 90. But doing the LTV
 tracking is what's so tough for the most part. Yeah. Clearly, I was 2.0. It's cool because it's
 going to, it has a lot more of assets all built in, make those track plus CRM components will be
 able to track further deeper too. So you should message me and then we can make sure you
 connect with us and all of these stuff. Yeah. I'll get the we'll get Tyler to connect with you.
 So dream 100 is really like, it's almost like when I read traction the first time, I was like,
 this is a cool idea. And I didn't realize that it's like, no, if this is actually an operating
 system for your entire company. Yeah. So you really like, if you're going to start something new,
 so when you did, when you bought Dan Kennedy's company, did you, is that that step one? So
 what does that actually look like then? So what is like a, so I love Trello.
 It's simple. So I build a Trello board. And then typically what I'll do is I'll make
 columns for the different platforms, like, you know, social and Dan's hard because most of his
 dream partners aren't socially. Yeah. Like, if you're going to feel the college,
 let's do a move. We have a new sales video that's going live in like a week or two that literally
 after you watch it makes facts, this seems like the coolest thing on the planet. Anyway, so that's
 actually exciting. It's so cool. I was a guy, Kenny's house and he's got a fax machine. There's
 a sticky note with my fax number on his fax machine. I was like, I've arrived. This is the
 great thing. Like I'm on Dan. Can he speed dial on his fax machine, which isn't even a speed
 dial. It's just a pig. It's a pig sticky note. It's his Russell Brunson. Am I my
 effects number? Whatever it was. Does he still have no cell phone dude or anything? So I always knew
 that he wasn't connected to stuff. I didn't realize how big it is. Someone just housed me. He goes
 based and he's got this whole, is this thing ridiculous? No, it's very modest and shockingly,
 like Dan. So Dan had a whole bunch as a kid, he had a whole bunch of money in his parents. They
 lost all and never got it back. So he has this really weird thing where he just, I think he just
 hoards money. Like he's got to be a billionaire, but he just lives. Anyway, his basement's really
 cool. He tons of books and like he's got a mastermind room and everything. And we're down there and
 what does he live in Cleveland? Wow. Beautiful. Anyway, he was like, he doesn't not, not only is
 not like, we know he doesn't use the email and stuff like that. He does not have internet in his
 home. What? Yeah, I was like, no, he said, check my computers. There's nothing connected
 at all. And so he, he types whatever it is on his computer and then he prints it,
 he walks the fax machine, sends it to whoever it is. That's the process. And then like we're
 doing a book together right now. So like he'll fax me the chapter and then he gives his wife Carla
 the file on a thumb drive and then she overknights it to me. So I get the overnighted
 doc version, every, because he can't email to me. Like, and then I said that I'm like, how in the
 world do you, he's written like 40 books. I'm like, he's so prolific. You write so much of my how
 in the world do you research? You don't have to hook down the internet. And it's so funny because
 he looked at his like, you know, stacks of like everything here. He's like, this is all doing my
 research. And he's like, how did you research? He's like, don't you feel like you're sitting in the
 middle of a strip club when you're on the internet? Like, how do you get anything done? I'm like,
 that's a good point. That's why he's written 40 books. Yeah. And, um, oh crap, I was not saying
 something else about him, but I forgot what it was. It's fascinating. I mean, so he, man, I want to
 do now I want to do a YouTube video. I think in like, YouTube titles, I've been working with
 Derral Eves. I know Derral, right? So I called him yesterday. He's, he's making incredible with
 YouTube. It's crazy. Talk about obsession. Like he is obsessed with YouTube. And he's now I just
 am like thinking in titles. Like you just think in those like pithy little titles. And I just,
 that just made me think I lived like Dan Kennedy for a week. That would be it. I would watch that
 video just to see what that person, but you get so much done. Yeah. You willing to get rid of
 internet for a week? So that's what the other officer ever I stored my books, I said, but after
 going to dad's place, I said, but, um, an office with a computer and no, no, uh, internet for that
 sax and reason, I can't even do like Dan Kennedy does. So now like I go there every morning for a
 couple hours and I write and there's no internet access. And so weirdest thing. But after you get
 past that crunch of like, I got to Google the figure or whatever, like it gets you this really cool
 flow. How long have you been doing that for? Um, I saw Dan probably two months ago,
 so like last two months or so. And has it been really cool. It first is really hard because you
 feel like you can't do anything. And then, um, now it's awesome. Cause in that room, all my books,
 too. So it's like, if I'm if I research, I got to find a book. So I'm like, Oh, I'm gonna go look,
 you know, 1847, like history of advertising and like, Oh my gosh, like, I've never
 ever found that on Google. Like this is the cool, you know, like you pull different ideas and things.
 Is that in your house? No, it's an office next to my office that we just rented temporarily for
 like library one. Yeah. So you just don't have a Wi-Fi there. Like, yeah, you could theoretically,
 I'm sure on my phone, I could hack it. Yeah. Okay. I'm trying like, yeah, trying like,
 this is my, I'm gonna write here and nothing else and see. And so what is he just when you go that,
 like, what does he do then? Does he watch? Does he have like cable? No, he just reads and thinks
 that, Oh, I'm already telling you this is Kate. This is the coolest fact. So he's written 40 books.
 He literally told me he's like, I have never been to Amazon.com. I was like, what is it? Never been
 there? He's like, I'm like, it's like a thing now talks about it like it's a place you go. Yeah,
 I've never been to Amazon.com. I don't know what streets that is. Is it a warehouse or
 is it next to Barnes and Noble? I don't think he talks like that. But yeah, I don't think he
 knows what the yeah, but isn't that crazy? Like, he's never after lifting an offer. He's never
 once been to Amazon.com. And he's so proud of the fact he's never been there. It's just like a
 pride point. Yeah. I'll never say yeah. So what's the like, stick a laptop the next time? Like,
 there it is. He's like, Oh my God. So he just like lives just.
 He's like, all my clients send him stuff now. So they say, like everyone is like outsourcing
 stuff. And then the best stuff they'll like FedEx the tomb is only get stuff to him. So he's like,
 all his research and stuff that people thought was important enough to FedEx to him. And that's
 what he does is research on and when he looks at it's, it's really cool. What does he do now? Like,
 also was the death all just? No, I think it really is. I mean, he's a genius marketer. I mean,
 what better thing I would love to die before I die and see all of the nice stuff people have to say
 when I pass. Please, I think that's the dream is everybody thinks you're gone. You're just off in
 the woods. And then you come back and you get to see all the amazing things people said,
 like, gotcha. Thank you. Why don't you say that? Well, that's awesome. I mean, that's
 not awesome that he almost died. But that was real. It was real 100%. And so like now like he lost
 eyes that when I saw the health problems, but what's cool is like his mind's still sharp. Like,
 he didn't lose that, which is a lot of people, you know, that's the first thing to go. So it's been
 cool because with acquiring the company, I have a chance every month I have two hour calls. And
 so every month I get to go on like at his feet and ask me questions I want. It's just been like,
 it's been the coolest, like outside of buying the company, like just, you know, he's been my mentor
 forever. Like from a from a distance now, it's like really cool to be, you know, how that
 relationship with him that yeah, it's really cool. It's Dan. Can I like, I think so many of us started
 by reading something 100% did you so did you visit G kick that you bought? It was G K C. Yeah,
 it would have been in G K C. Yeah, okay, they changed name million times. But yeah, it was.
 And now what is your guys? What's your plan with that? Because I remember in full transparency of
 my experience with that company was I read like no BS time management and then something else I
 recently did almost alchemy. It looks so good. It's my best one. So many people need to read that
 book because so many people don't understand that marketing is math. Yeah, and it like breaks it.
 Yeah, the 40 books is on the best one. It's almost alchemy. It's so good. And nobody knows it exists.
 And it's a weird name for what it is. Yeah, that book's amazing. And his books are so good in his
 mind's great. But I bought one binder, like, you know, they'll send you the binder of this thing.
 And I bought it. I must have been 23 or four. And it was like $300, which for me was a lot at the time.
 And I ended up like having to call them and be like, Hey, I need to refund like I'm sorry,
 but this was it was like, it was like a $20 thing that they had put into a binder. And it wasn't
 very good. And I know people who are like, no, the his stuff's the best stuff ever. And Dan's
 isn't like, it's amazing. But I had that one experience. And I was like, Oh, I'm not going to
 keep buying. And I'd lost that. What year was that about? That must have been 2014. Okay, yeah,
 it makes sense a while. And but I'd heard that from other people that there was a little while.
 And when Joe Blazer told the company, there was like, almost a decade where the people that took
 it over were just, yeah, well, that's what's so exciting. Like you taking it over is it's like,
 he has this incredible information. But it was just at that point, I don't think it was even his,
 they just like copied some it was literally they were like, it's Dan Kennedy's name.
 We just put it on here and people will pay a premium. And it was like laziness.
 For sure. Yeah, there's been a lot of that. So we're trying to bring back things. But
 yes, the reason why it's interesting because
 ClickFunnels, obviously, the way we grow ClickFunnels profitably is we have front ends, right? And
 there's a whole bunch of Russell runs and front ends. And that's good on one aspect,
 because it's like I can bring people in and stuff like that. But it's also bad because then it's like
 relying on me. And so for me, I was like, a couple of years ago, I want to, I want more
 non-Russell based front ends, aren't me? Because number one, if we ever sell in the future,
 makes it more sellable, if we go public, it makes it just better all around, right? Or if I hit
 my bus, like the company doesn't go under. So that was the, that was the question we posed a
 couple of years ago. How do we create more Russell brace Russell or non-Russell front ends?
 And so most of all our acquisitions are happening are all based on that too. Like, oh, this
 like Kenny's like, he's written 40 books on marketing. Like there's 40 Russell front
 and non-Russell front ends we can use, we can leverage their not like, plus he is, he is the best in the
 world at low key promoting things throughout his book. Somebody did, have you seen this thing,
 somebody took notes on how many times in one of his books, he cross promoted one of his other
 things or mentioned one of his things. It was 168 times. Are you serious? Yeah. And then I was like,
 YouTube video worth that. I'll, I'll, I will find it for you. It was written in, it's, it's
 this weird. I found this odd document. It sounds so much cooler when I say that. This, we had
 document of a breakdown of Dan Kennedy talking about people who buy how to make money products.
 And there's this also like my favorite story ever is this old dude who he,
 he died while he was shagging his wife, he finished and then he died. And then he was
 resuscitated. And then he went to the hospital, they brought him back to life. And he had to get
 a new hurt. And he wrote a sales letter to 18 hospitals and got a new hurt within like three
 weeks. And I was like, talk about an opening sentence. This guy came and then died.
 And I know the sales letter. I know the sales letter. So we're republishing that rant,
 we're working on repositioning that from that course, opportunity, concept course. I wonder,
 I'll buy that course immediately. That's amazing. Yes. I actually listened to that
 story once and why do we think skivings, I was going through all the stuff left, we bought it. And
 like, I do remember that story was just fascinating. That guy went on and just created all his
 bizops and make it kill them. And the coolest, but we were going to do that with our 90 days,
 the freedom program is like originally we were going to give a laptop, like get a Chromebook
 and give it to people that had all the stuff loaded on it. So they had this separate laptop
 that was just for just the business just for the business. Because he did that he would give
 people a computer. He said the problem then was that people didn't have computers. So he's like,
 let's give them one. So they would build them a computer with all the stuff on it. And then
 that guy was fascinating. But so, but somebody, I think it was in that thing, they said, they
 counted it. There's 168 times, I think that he had talked, whether it's like during my private
 consulting days, or this thing, or this thing that I charge $18,000 for, or this, it is.
 And then I was like, God damn it, I really messed up with my book. I was afraid of even like,
 dropping it and I could go to persuasion or go to templates, email templates, I'll call them to get
 these or whatever. And now I'm like, I wanted to go back and just rewrite, just throw in all these
 because that stuff adds up in a big way when people are reading the book. So I'm doing a co-author
 book with Dan right now. And that's the thing he's trying because I'm the same way I hadn't,
 like chapter 40 is when I talk about ClickFunnels, right? But it's like, I had the same way I had
 to hide away in the back. And he's just like, you should have this every school page you talk
 and he's big into that and trying to weave it in. But it's still a good book, right? It's not like
 there are people who do it where you read a book, you put the book and you're like,
 I wish I hadn't bought this book. It was just a 50 page sales letter. It's their webinar written
 down. Whereas his are actually really good books. He's just a master at throwing and weaving in those
 little pieces. Yeah, that's what I learned when I got into the Dan Kennedy World back in the day
 is watching. You go to the events and I didn't realize it first, but all the speakers were
 people from my community. Oh, this is a platinum member. I always introduced the speakers by what
 level of membership they were at. They didn't catch on initially, but then as I got later,
 I realized that I wanted to be the top level because they're the ones on stage. They're the ones
 doing these kind of things. When we built the ClickFunnels, our funnel-on-aculive event,
 if you notice, we have a handful of big speakers, but 90% of our speakers are our community members.
 They're people in my mastermind groups, people in these things. I can be like,
 oh, this is my historical member. Oh, this is my category. This is my awesome people are seeing
 that positioning and they're like, oh, that's the path to get the thing. That's why our event's
 gone so big and created so much because it's the community and the people I could be on stage next
 year. Then they ascend and they move next thing and they move all through our stuff. It's all
 watching Dan do it all the time. Every time we introduce them, there's never a Russell Brunson
 coming on stage. It was always like, Titanium member Russell Brunson, it's always like my
 identity was tied to the level members who are paying. How many membership levels were there?
 There were a lot back in the day. It was a say, I feel like when you're getting to titanium,
 you've really out of Austin, you have heavy metals. We've got rocks, we've got heavy.
 The guy doesn't think the only guy took me back over there still like seven or eight levels. I was
 like, this is so confusing. It's like, let's kill them all and we got two. So we have two levels now
 and we spent this first year rebuilding at level number one and then the fax machine video is
 going to be what launches level two again. We simplified so much of it because it's got complex.
 I love it. Well, unfortunately, we'll go. We'll do one more question here.
 Man, another time, I want to ask you about the acquisition stuff because I feel like that's a
 whole, we could spend an hour talking about that and I feel like it's such an interesting
 way of growing things like instead of investing in stuff that's not business related, where you're
 hoping to get 10% or you're hoping to hit some moonshot crypto, whatever it is. But I'm curious
 because one of the things like we're looking into buying some software companies because we're
 not software people, but it's so easy to sell a software that does something that people are
 trying to do themselves right now. But I just have a question from, since you've done a lot of
 software stuff, obviously, Nathan has to, but I created this thing called Call Me Maybe.
 And so it's an app that lets you, it's just like what you're saying. So you literally,
 you can call people on your phone when you're driving, walking a dog, whatever, and you get paid
 per minute. So people sign up like, I want to talk to Russell for however many minutes they put in
 their info, you call on your convenience and they, and you talk to them and you get paid per minute.
 So you could be like, you'd probably judge. I don't know how much a minute, but you should get paid
 per minute. But to launch it, I had a similar thing. This guy, my buddy's like, it's going to cost you
 half a million dollars six to eight months of all this development. And I got it done for 10 grand,
 15 after some profit. But my question is, because software is so different, and I'm 100%
 inept. Like I have no skill. So I can't get in the way. But with the software, in particular,
 first of all, how is it different than the info stuff you've done? And like, what are the biggest
 roadblocks with software? And would you do it again? I guess we'll get another question.
 Well, essentially, because we talked about earlier, but my, all my first products for software,
 right? Like back 20 years ago, and I was a Boise State going to school, like these little one
 off software products. My favorite businesses, number one is software, number two is info, number
 three supplements. Like those are the three only categories I never go into because I love all
 three of those businesses are fascinating, they're fun, they're setting. But yeah, I would, I would
 only do software again, like in every business, I think they're, if you think through it, there's
 a software component every business and software makes you stick longer to make people, they're
 easier to sell people stick longer. So yes, I think that, but you're right on the other side,
 there's that complex thing. I'm not a technical person too. In fact, I have a t-shirt that says
 technical or non technical co-founder because like, I don't know how to do these things.
 Right. My degrees in computer information systems, like I said, are like a 2.1 GPA.
 It's like, I don't know how to do anything. Like I know enough, I understand what they're
 talking about, but I don't know how to do things. But you're not actually doing any of the code.
 Yeah, not at all. And so I lucked out because all my prior software businesses, like I was
 managing coders, which I could do, but it's hard because it's like, I had to think through
 every single aspect. Like I'd have a designer design something and then I'd send it to the
 programmer and then there was just this constant, and it worked, but it was just hard and slow.
 When I met Todd, we partnered with him, he's a technical person who understands our world as
 well. So he's able to run and do things in the thing on the fly. That's the, how do you find that?
 I think the hardest thing to find. 100% software people want to build the perfect
 they always know. They engineer everything that has nothing to do. You're like, I just need to
 know if this makes money first. Yeah. That's what I was telling. I'm like, no, I need to know if
 people can, can you copy its phone function? Can you just charge people to talk on the phone?
 And he's like, well, you're going to need all and I'm like, you don't understand the business.
 Yeah. And then my other buddy is under, he was a direct, you know, he was a copyrighted before
 this. And so it's like, he gets it. But that's how important is that a huge part of it is
 they understand it for sure. Because most of the engineers want to over,
 over develop everything, which is good. And you know, long term, yes, you want that, right? But
 Todd, in fact, I had this funny conversation with Todd, because he's the smartest person I've
 ever met on this planet. He's just, he's smart at everything marketing, business coding, like just
 he's, he's a genius. But I remember with this conversation, he said, the reason why I'm a good
 coders, because I'm the laziest coder ever. I'm like, you don't lazy work your butt off. He's
 like, no, but like most coders will like, the look at something and they're like, okay, this is
 gonna take seven months to do. And he's like, and they're okay with that. Because like, oh, I got
 to code this and develop and they love that. He's like, I'm lazy where I'm like, okay, there's
 seven month version, but there's probably a seven week version, seven day version, one I get done
 today. Like what's that look like? And so he'll go in there and just kill himself and get the
 thing done today. And it's like, yeah, I didn't do everything, but it does the one thing really,
 really well. And it took us one day as opposed to seven months. And that's like Todd's genius.
 And then he'll finish it and then give it to developers and they'll spend the next two years
 over developing it, writing all the tests, getting stuff. But he's able to go and like, what's the,
 what's the thing that, yeah, proves that this is actually valuable. Because we spent seven months
 and gives the customers. And then you find that they didn't need the use of the
 use of the biggest problems at ClickFun's one point. I was like, building these features because
 like one dude would be like, Oh, if it could just do this, it'd be amazing. So we developed these
 things and then it was good for one customer and nobody else used it. Or maybe it may handfuls,
 like the really nitchy info, you know, like the nerds like us would get it, but the 99,000 of
 the customers don't understand it whenever you use it. And then we're have a T. Now's
 to keep maintaining this feature for all these P and just a nightmare versus now it's like
 the opposite, like, okay, like what are the things we actually need? Let's figure those things out.
 And then, yeah, so I think for you, I would try to find somebody. It's hard. Like I definitely
 got a finding a Todd. That's a really good point. And that's probably why it's already,
 it's like been very easy working with him. And it's like a great relationship because he's
 a he had a product called Hollywood physique, you know, on how to, he had, you know, he wrote sales
 pages, he gets minimum viable product, he understands these things. And I'm like, oh, that's
 really lucky. But that makes so much sense. Because developers, especially had one guy who's
 this gentleman, he's like, I want half of the company and $3,000 a month to build it. And he had
 like no experience. And I was like, you're out of your mind, didn't understand business,
 doesn't understand any of it. So it makes so much sense that just finding, would you say that the
 developers potentially the most important piece of other developers and being able to have an
 idea that can sell. The developer is someone who's like, who can manage developers, right? Because
 eventually it's not just a developer, like you're going to rock start, but over time, it's like,
 who can who can be a developer slash manager so that they can bring on a team and get more people.
 I bet people pass for your developers, they can manage people so we can't grow, right? Like,
 like Nathan had one developer building, Kmerk, he never got to got to, right? But he had, I'm,
 I don't know the business of what he does. I'm sure there's, there's maybe it's him,
 but there's someone who understands that can manage it and hire teams and buildings. And then
 because that's how you long term grow, right? You can't build an empire.
 You were okay with V one being good enough. Yeah, I mean, Cliff was one point, I was built by
 what by two people Todd and Dylan, like the two people, Dylan, but the editor Todd built
 software and that was it. And then it's like, then we had to go and, you know, hire team,
 then we had to like figure things out. But yeah, 100% like they could people gonna pay for this
 before going, you know, that's the backwards way the VC world works is they get a whole bunch of
 money to hire a huge team of people and then they over develop stuff and hope it works. And it's
 like that we that's not a game we play. Right. Because they don't care if, if eight of the
 companies they invest in fail as long as one of them goes the moon. Yeah. So I think it's like hiring,
 hiring or partnering with someone who is like a good developer who could develop and then also
 like has the skill set that like to be able to like, when it's past this thing, like I can manage
 people to like continue the vision going, because right now Todd can manage 40, 50 developers and
 keep his vision going versus if he wasn't there, every day I'd be like, okay, well, how do I make
 a new log list is part of the app. Okay, let's make this better this way that you know, like,
 I wouldn't be able to do anything stuff I'm doing because I'd be trying to micromanage
 or you know, all the things that you need to know who's got a vision as well. So like finding,
 you know, CTO or the visionary or technical co-founders got a vision of what you're trying to do is
 huge. How you make it pass just one off product like all my one products had prior.
 Did you think this would be the last question? Did you think ClickFunnels would become what it is today?
 You can say yes, people are always like super cool. I never could have imagined
 I thought it was going to be way bigger. Well, I think it's funny because like when we first
 launched my head, I thought we get 10,000 customers the first month like that. That was my head. But
 I also thought like that the number of marketers in our world was maybe 10 or 20,000. Right? So I
 thought I thought we were growing faster or excuse me, yeah, faster, but I thought there was a
 a lot of ceilings lower yet. So so I feel like that's kind of thing, you know, took us longer to
 get to 10 because a year you're 10,000 members, but then now we're 120,000 members. Right? So it's
 like it's way bigger than the top speaker. And a lot of us have had like, we turn people into
 customers. You've taught you've taught people that a funnel is I mean, Whitney's chiropractor
 is like he's like a Russell Brunson, like a slightly kind of chiropractor in our world. I love it.
 He's like he worships you. I think he's like, oh my God, you're talking to Russell. But he's like
 I mean, gone so deep into it. But chiropractors didn't used to think like that wouldn't have been
 for sure. It's always your market, right? That's been it's been funny. This is like business strategy,
 but our first year, first couple of years, like how do we get the known universe people
 understand what funnels are that was like the first goal and then it was like, okay, we got them
 all. I think it's like the 10, 20,000 people and then it's like, we have to create customers like we
 did like they're not more customers. They're gonna want a funnel. So how do we create a customer?
 So it's like the info products or webinars or things like that or creating gurus other
 industries who then can take this message to the chiropractor world, the dental world. Like we have
 gurus in every industry out there who are preaching funnels to their audiences,
 you know, and bringing the people back into us and so it's like, how do you create customers and then
 yeah, as you grow and scale, it's like more and more of those things because there's not hot
 customers laying around forever. Eventually you get all those and you figure out the next
 right next wave, you know. Awesome. Thank you so much for coming. So how do people find
 Russell Brunson? I mean, obviously they can just Google you and it's a thousand and then I'll
 follow you forever on every. He will. He will find you and then also make sure to check out,
 you know, muscle thundson and then did you ever see tiny robins by the way? No. Oh, I gotta say,
 we're tiny robins. That was one of my favorites. It was hard to do though because I was I was a
 little person and I had another guy's arms through the shit and so it was a lot of work. So we only
 filmed them one day but tiny robins. You don't see it? I don't know. You should if you should send
 it to him if he doesn't laugh. I talk about shelf sabotage and how I couldn't reach things on the
 top self because of the because of the height. They're pretty outrageous. But so where what's the
 I mean, sorry. It's so ridiculous. And my voice was shot after doing Oh my God.
 She'll sound like I was just like, how does he do that? I made the mistake of doing one of his
 things is like a joke at our first event. I was like, oh, I couldn't talk for
 an hour. I was like, no wonder his voice is shot like that thing kills. But so what's the
 biggest thing you're doing right now where people should go follow you?
 Find these are like the hubbell. If you go to marketing, secret.com. That's like links to all my
 basically almost all my front end funnels are there. So you can find my books by software
 marketing secrets. Mark secrets.com.
 To know what's wrong there. I was going to say it's got to yeah. Yeah. I think I like I
 yeah, I don't know. I love that one. I bet people see your Tesla. They go
 secrets.com like this guy. This guy's nuts. Little did they know that you're on the
 third set of this picture impossible from that. But dude, thank you so much. This is super fun.
 No, thanks. Have you made you come into the office and you know.
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast. If you've loved this episode, then please
 take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook, Instagram or wherever you post stuff
 and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the
 future. That'll help me to know what to create for you. Also, Dan Kenny and I would love to give
 you the most incredible free gift ever. Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time.
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for
 saying maybe. You can get this gift from Dan and from me right now at nobsletter.com. Not only are
 you going to get the $20,000 gift, you also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters.
 You'll be hand delivered by the Millman to your mailbox each and every month. One from Dan Kennedy
 and one from me. To get this gift and your subscription, go to nobsletter.com right now.
