 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson and welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. All right
 So today I got something really cool for you recently. I got interviewed by Ian Stanley if you don't know him
 He is a really good marketer
 Some really fun offers back the first time I ever saw him there was an offer he had for
 It was one of those like survival straws that you can you know the world's coming today
 And you can drink to these straws and will filter your water and the the ad was him like downtown New York walking to the most
 Disgusting bathroom of all time and he's got down into the toilet himself and drink
 Out of his his survival straw out of a New York toilet. It was the most amazing video offer of all time
 So that's why for saw him and I've been following him for years. He wrote a really good book called
 Confessions of an advertising hitman, which is really good as well. Anyway, just a really cool marketer who happened to move to Boise, Idaho
 And I lose here now is got a team and they're creating amazing offers and products and doing cool stuff and
 Anyway, we always joke that our goal is to get all of the all the big marketers and funnel builders to move to to Boise
 So we're working on getting all y'all to come move out here, but
 Ian's out here. I'm out here obviously I wrote my masterminds and stuff and he runs his here as well. So
 Yeah, a lot of cool people come to Boise because of Ian's doing what I'm trying to do
 And so anyway the other day he asked me if I would speak at one of the virtual events that he was doing
 At his he calls at the office, which is his house slash office
 it's the house he bought just to turn it into an office and
 There was anyway long story short
 I said yes, and so a couple Saturdays ago I drove up there and we had a chance to hang out talk for an hour
 And it was really fun. We talked about all sorts of stuff from business to
 Life to you know about a million things in between some of it was goofy and funny some was really serious and fun. So
 Anyway, I hope you have fun listening in on this this interview. It's about an hour long
 So I'm gonna break it into two episodes
 The first one have a chance list to now and then the next one I'll release in a few days from now
 But this is behind the scenes interview where Ian Stanley was interviewed me for his highest and members of his mastermind group
 All about business and life and and I hope you guys enjoy part one of this interview
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 You guys we got Russell Brunson with us I don't even know if he needs an introduction to be perfectly honest
 He's he loves secrets
 Well, I think he said so yeah when he came in of course
 He's got this license plate that just says secrets on it and I'm like oh that makes perfect sense
 And I just wonder what's the weirdest thing somebody said you about seeing that because you got to be like this guy made his money in some
 Weird way. Oh, yeah, what is like when I first got started
 I'm in this game 20 years now like when people were like what did you do for the living?
 I sell stuff on the internet and they're like oh it was always either like so do you sell things on eBay or you and porn?
 That was the two things and that's those are the only two actually the secrets people ask that
 They're like what is the secret anyway, so it's usually something related to that and which one was it yeah
 Well, let's do you want to give any background? I mean Russell started click funnels
 You've done a million other things you just bought Dan Kennedy's company, which is pretty amazing
 We'll have to talk about that. Yeah, and about it does another company this year
 We bought a lot of companies jeez really okay. I'm talking much about it
 But we haven't been doing that okay
 I love to hear about that because that's something Cameron I was starting to do I've realized that
 Trying to create almost passive income using like whether it's crypto or stock so this of that
 It's like doesn't actually fit within what I know. Yeah, what if we just buy companies that
 Was crazy you can buy them for free right now, too, which is nuts. I can talk about if you want, but yeah
 Oh, I'm crazy. Okay, let's let's start with because you actually said you've been doing this for 20 years
 I want to know about your first dollar you made online
 Yeah, I've heard about the potato
 Like you've seen the muscle function
 I had a tomato gun business and the tomatoes would break upon impact
 They're not as sturdy as potatoes, but so is the potato gun was that the first dollar?
 It actually wasn't no it was the it was the first thing like that I could talk about everything else is just dumb like I did affiliate marketing
 I did I was trying I bought my like resell rice was a huge thing back 20 years ago, and I so I started
 I was a Boise state so I was in classes trying to like learn the stuff
 And I just think out the computer lab and I'd you know be watching Frank or listen Frank Hearne
 Tell us M&R's cuz pre video right so listen Frank her and Armin Moore was before you yeah Frank's before me. Okay. Yeah
 Frank's his underachiever thing actually bought that from him later
 But like underachiever thing he had way back almost 20 years ago
 It was like you talked about like fighting a niche and then building a thing and so that was when I was like
 What's my niche and then potato guns?
 But I had done I had done a couple things prior to that like my in fact my first actual product was a
 Software product called zip-render. It was the first idea ever had I was in college and I tried to hire
 Try to hire a programming company to build it and they wanted like ten thousand dollars
 Which I didn't have so I actually I literally switched my major to programming so I can learn how to program this idea
 I thought it was gonna be the greatest thing in the world and like day three of programming class
 I was like I have no idea
 Teachers are talking about and then and I remember heard Armin Moore and who had like ten software products back then
 He's like oh I hired people off script plants to build it so I took the same project idea
 I'd sent to these this programming company put on script plants and I hired this dude named Cyprian in Romania
 And he built it for $20 and I was like all right all those
 It's on like donkey Kong now not to play this game. I started making my first my first 10 products Ross a little software products
 And I was before the potato gun I was making software products software
 He's little one off door to do what was the first one?
 What did it is zip-brander?
 So I remember back in the day everyone was selling resale right so you'd buy you'd buy an ebook and then you download it
 And then and I remember and then you could sell it. Yeah, you could sell it else wrote the content
 Yeah, you were allowed to sell it. Yeah, but if you read the content like the person who's giving resale rights
 So smart like they wrote an ebook
 But the ebook was like selling their back-end stuff right and so I'd be selling this book and then they'd be making all this money
 Off me and so as a annoyed
 You know 21 year old kid I was like I wish I could like brand this so the first thing that they opened it
 They'd see my ad before they read the book and I was like that was the idea
 So it's called zip-brand or it was gonna be as it was gonna like zip to file down and then we opened it
 You saw my ad first that was a big idea. I was just actually a stupid idea
 But I at the time I thought like it was big enough like almost like a pop-up for yeah totally a pop up for a file
 People love pop-ups. Yeah, I can't believe it didn't take on
 But it was the first thing I mean I thought it was so big that I changed my major to like figure out how to make that thing right
 But I change your major back and now I just know
 Yeah, I do the programming degree. It could be a relation systems
 Okay, but I graduate with 2.1 GPA. So I don't know actually how to do any of it
 Okay, I got C's C's get degrees
 But anyway, but yeah, that was my very first thing
 I did sell like I made a sales letter
 I can do the whole process right like I got some design e-cover the software box and I wrote a sales letter
 I remember I sent it to this guy named Raymond McNally and he wrote back to think this is the coolest idea in the worst sales letter ever
 He's like I wrote you new sales letter last night and this dude wrote me an entire sales letter for free
 free just like to help me out and so I had the sales letter I had the image and
 And this is before ads or you know Facebook or anything
 And so then I started like just sending my product for free to hold a bunch of people and I think Mike Phil saying
 I'm in the first person. How did you how were you sending it out at that point?
 So this is because what yeah, this must be
 At least 20 years ago. So what's that 20?
 2002 yeah, and so yeah, I was just email it to people I like email you know
 It's my I still remember Mike Philstin his email address like sign in drive it hotmail.com
 And so like I sent him an email like here's the product and he wrote back
 This is cool and then he sent email to his list and we made like 12 sales. I was like oh my gosh like you know
 That's amazing
 That was like the first thing and then from that you know people I had a little pop-up on the site
 So I got people join my email list and then I think I remember that very first promo that Philstin did
 I got 217 people I remember the number of the day 2017 people joined my email list from a pop-up
 And I was like I have a list so then I went to somebody else I was like hey if you promote my thing
 I'll promote your thing to my list
 I didn't tell my only 200 people so they promoted my thing and I got another 500 people
 It joined the list my pop-up and I promoted their thing and I started doing that these little cross-promos and then
 And then it was like I had another I was my second software. I was in um
 I spent a lot of time in forums like doing forum marketing where you thought we in the way for
 A-plane just the bottom of the barrel
 The best uh, I would make like all these posts and I can never like find them again
 So I was like I need software that would like
 They follow up so I could remember if someone posted I could find all these posts
 And so my second product was called forum fortunes
 And again I paid some 100 bucks or something to make the software and I was the second one and then
 I sold that's my little email list and then I had one called article spider. So there's a bunch of those little things
 So you basically just had if you had a problem
 You were like can I solve this with the software or a lot of times I'd see someone who had a really cool software
 It was like 300 bucks. I was like I could code that for I have my guys code that for 300 bucks
 and then I could sell it and then
 Instead of becoming a cost became right a product because a lot of my things were just like oh
 I could hire someone to make that one and that one so I because I thought you were an info product guy or a
 I'll start a software so it's not a bit software now
 It's so that was what was happening
 And I was having some success with it and that's when Frank current came up energy were thing and I was like
 What's my thing and so potato guns was the first info thing I did so that's a more interesting story for most for the masses
 I tell my story walls of the fact you're just
 The fact that you're like I literally made money by teaching people how to shoot potatoes
 Yeah, it's much better story. So that's what I would lead with but how did so how did that actually happen?
 um
 So again, I read I bought kerns course went through it all and I said I have no talents and all I'm going to do
 And then um do you remember over tour
 Is that before your time? I might be before my time
 In 2002 I was 12 years old. Oh seriously. Yeah, so you're like I had an email address and I'm like I
 was just
 Studying to experience the joys of puberty
 I was just trying to figure out
 I'm okay like rosyo dongle at that point. I was a chubby little guy
 I don't know if we'll be able to pull up a picture. I sure hope today, but that picture is fantastic
 I mean it looks like I'm pretty sure my dad
 Jack rosyo dongle like it's a spitting image when I was a kid
 That's not but that was what I was doing in 2002. Yeah, well there was a cycle over tour back in the day
 And it was the first keyword research thing and uh, it was yahoo did it so the yahoo results
 So you type in the keyword and show you this is how many people search on yahoo for the keyword
 Okay, and so I remember does something the frank showed in course. I went there
 Um, I typed in oh, sorry
 It was after spring break my buddies and I'm
 We were the only two married guys on the wrestling team
 And so spring break hit and everyone else is like boom head to vegas or window over to go gamble and have fun
 And you know nate and I our wives were supporting us and working and so they like they weren't
 Excited about it's leading down. Yeah, you know, and it's not really my
 Yeah, that's not your
 And so our wives are working so he nate's like hey man, let's make potato gun this week
 Like what's potato gun? He said oh, so we spent the whole spring break making a potato gun
 And then we got done. I was really fun. And then the next monday it should have
 Yeah, we went and shot it in fact. There's a whole funny story went out behind the airport shooting it
 And as we're shooting at this big
 Tank thing drives up and apparently we're on like army ground or something
 And his big surgeon come out his thing then they start yelling at us
 And uh, my wife was pregnant with our twins at times. She thought we're going to jail
 She was freaking out
 And then um, and then the guy was like he was kind of a jerk at first and then at the end he's like
 So how far does it shoot?
 Make sure to me
 And so then we spent next like 30 minutes with the army dudes like shooting the guns and stuff and then they're like just
 You can shoot him just don't shoot him like here because we can see he's on a radar and that yeah
 You're gonna go to jail. He could see the potatoes on the air. Yeah, or I don't know if the potatoes are us driving something
 But yeah, they told us awesome and thought this is the fastest ship we've seen on you
 What what what is this UFO out here? Oh, it's it's a bunch of potatoes
 It's some
 21 year old restaurant shooting potatoes. I thought we were in danger
 Right here. Oh, wow, that's that's pretty
 That's what it was. Yeah, that's what went the next day or next monday at school
 I went to overture and
 I was like potato gun type dinner and I think there's
 like 18,000 people searching potato guns and I was like, this is it
 This is my product and so that started the whole the very first
 Like plans
 Yeah, it was planned builds when we made nice been the whole week
 Building stuff so we built like 10 different versions and most of them didn't work
 They didn't work as well and there's like the one that was our favorite one so like the one that the army contracts
 Yep
 First money is like actually the army hired us
 To develop rocket launches that would have been a great story in the sales line
 I win the army wants this potato gun technology. You've actually we got film or video of the dude
 Things would be an outing uniform. Yeah, totally uniform big old boots and everything and come and add
 Potato guns would still be popular right now. I said you've done that
 Had I've had our phones back then to film everything
 Did you even have a computer like that?
 No, we know or were you literally coming to the computer lab to like do we had a work
 We had a really crappy computer my wife's computer because my wife's older me so she had
 Invest in a computer, but it was not nice
 We had one that at the house and then I'd go to school the most work it in the school computer lab
 I'm gonna do what people have all these excuses nowadays. I feel like oh, yeah
 It's like you have a super computer your phone. Yeah, and you're like I was on dial up
 At a computer lab. We didn't have a camera thing. There wasn't phones with cameras
 Like we had a I borrowed a video camera from somebody like a you know
 Like a little cat cameras that you go films
 You know with the little thing that scrolled zooming in out and so we borrowed a camera
 It went to actually broken Boise State University
 And on the whiteboard like mapped out if you've watched the DVD
 You'll see it's like in a classroom Boise State and like we we run out the formulas and filmed ourselves
 Doing it went to home deep home filmed ourselves buying the pipes and then my wife's work went back office and like
 She worked at our warehouse as we go back there and we were cutting it and gluing it all together
 But yeah, it was all filmed on this old camera way to give back and then we had to figure out like we have this tape right
 Like how do you get that on a computer?
 DVD and there's so many things we had to figure out and then we finally got that all figured out and we
 Started burning on DVDs about a bdvd burners
 We burned the DVDs and we selling it put it in things ship it out and to you as shown them
 So how did you actually get?
 Traffic because you had this list of people who were into software or internet marketing products, right? Yeah, but completely
 Who were like but I also love
 So there were two big potato gun forums back in the day. I don't know
 It was four forums. Yeah, there's just two forums. Just people talking about spuds gun guns. Yeah, okay
 It was really cool. The hard part is a lot of those people in there were like hardcore
 Like they're making these insane guns like both action like we could like shoot potatoes. They'd like dudes building these like
 Like
 semi-automatic ones we could like load six potatoes and that
 Crazy stuff. It's like I'm coming to the potato gun plans people are making fun of it
 But they sold ads they're a banner at topping on the side
 So I bought the banner ads and sure enough with all the newbies to come and buy our potato gun plans
 Because no one was selling they just
 Talking about yeah, yeah, yeah, what uh, how much were you do you remember the first sale and like what I bet you
 You know what you paid?
 I can't remember that was that one and also I was buying google ads google ads are easy back in the day too
 So like I was also my google ads. Those are the two I can't remember where the first sale came from
 Yes, I do remember it coming through and I was like somebody
 And I am marinate was my buddy who did the thing with me. I was like I messaged him
 I was like dude somebody just balling he's like somebody paid his back crap
 Um, yeah, and he's like well, we're gonna go figure out like now
 We gotta burn a so we gotta go figure out the whole like because we had the file on a computer
 And it burned a DVD and then we got bought a sticker with a printer to build print a sticker and stick it on right and
 All those little things we had to do to get it out. What did you sell it for?
 Uh, I think it was 37 bucks. That's what current hold this is so far. Yeah, especially then. That's pretty good. I mean, that's pretty good price
 Yeah, then they got a buy all the gear they got you know make the potato gun because that was the first thing and then
 Again, if you've heard my whole the whole story of the funnel story
 I think that's what it was and then google ads changed and cost went up
 And then later we found uh in northern Idaho
 There's distributor that actually makes and ships potato
 They still to stay due in fact. I bought some we did a kid event last two months was about a bunch from from that
 We need to write down we need some potato guns for wolfback week that we can shoot off of the that we can shoot off the belt
 White Hawk 100% that's happening. Yes. And in fact, if you want a good one there's I do I don't want I don't want an average potato
 dude, I bought one recently. Um, it has a
 It's a mount that looks like a pistol like a actual gun
 It's just the barbecue died on the back and it is what you need, but it looks like a big old handheld pistol
 He's baked
 Glue to the gun. So it looks like anyway, they're insane. There's some really cool ones out there. Okay. Um, yeah
 Came here listening, right? You know that we're gonna be shooting
 The tv resource list after the call it'll be 37 bucks
 Yeah, no the kids
 Yeah, the kids are more expensive, but well you did a partnership with them and so that became the first upsell
 It's like people buy the dvd and then the episode was like hey instead of going to buy all the all the pipes and stuff
 There's these kids and so it was a kit so that wasn't pre-made
 They had they shipped it and then yeah, put it together. It was all pre-cut pre everything say they get it
 You have to glue it together and then yeah, of course they were in northern Idaho
 Yeah, is that where they would be totally
 I mean if you're gonna if there's a company that's already making pre-made potato guns
 But they've been doing it for like 20 years now because they're still doing today this day, which is crazy
 I know
 I haven't looked at that market in you know a while but
 Enough of these guys are still building 20 years later. There's probably some opening
 There's gonna be the next Russell Brunson is watching right now going you know what
 I'm gonna redo potato
 I own potato guns like funnels
 Let me know I can do seriously
 Come on now. You have every
 God plus secrets secrets hacker and uh, usually have every variation of every how many domains do you think you have?
 Uh
 Three or four thousand probably wow. Yeah, I'm mindful on time favorite domain
 Oh
 Oh crap, that's a good one. Um, I tell you the most expensive ones. That might be easier. Yeah, I got about bootstrap.com. There's a lot
 Uh, mastermind.com. I bought and gave it dean and tony that was a lot
 Oh, you bought so you bought mastermind.com and then you give to it. You just gave it to him. Yeah, free
 Is that how you kind of got it? Is that what got you in with them already but
 That was but you know, that's a pretty good domain name to give them. Yeah, well, I told dean to go buy it
 And um, he messed up. They wanted a million bucks for it and and then um, I went to the site and they're click phones
 He's their home to comic club awards on the thing. I was like, oh, really? Okay. And so we messaged him again and negotiated
 I think it cost me $600,000. I got it
 And then yeah, I was like, would he give tony robins to like impressive?
 You know, like it's not easy. Like the government like like gives him black hot helicopter to go fly for fun
 You know, I'm like, how do I impress him? So I was like, okay, I'm just gonna give it to him
 And so he just gave it to him and then asked, yeah, um, yeah, that's kind of that is a good question. How do you
 How do you impress tony robins? Yeah
 Actually do I hear so funny? I do
 I love it the very first time I met tony robins
 um
 The whole long story behind that but um, I was in toronto his event and he invited me up
 And I went to this hotel room and and had dinner with him and he was asking much questions
 And the first thing he told me that was like he looking at me like so potato guns, huh?
 I was like, oh my gosh, like he did his you know did a research head attack, right?
 Yeah
 And so after that then was over. I'm like, I'm like, I'm sure you meet the million people. I'm like, how is he gonna remember me tomorrow?
 Like, you know, I mean, like I don't want to be the guy. I don't give it a pretty memorable
 Yeah, so the the actual potato gun we built on how to make potato gun dvd
 I still had and he has a house in sundialia at home
 And so I found out from the system's address
 So I shipped him the original potato gun and the dvd to his house
 And then he only visited once a year. So I didn't hear anything from him for like eight months
 And then one day I get this message like dude
 I just got night ho and there's this potato gun thing. He's like, how's it work?
 I want to do it
 So him and his wife went in the backyard and they made videos and then shooting my potato gun
 Um, and they said they sent me videos like five times. I never got them which
 If there's a video you want it
 Totally wrong. Any shooting for that potato
 The original potato guy, he has to look so small in his hands
 He's like, he's like, he's a potato pistol. He's just like this actually it's huge
 But yeah, it looks tiny in his hands
 But that was the first thing I said, I was like, I wanted to always remember he
 So that was the first thing I said him
 And I said then a decade later. I gave him that one and anyway
 It was that long between
 So how did you told he's a long date? Like if you want to get to know him, it's not
 Well, he's so that's the thing I would not want his life in a million years
 Like yeah, if you're breaking your life in like 33 minute sections
 That just seems horrible. It just seems so
 Intense. Yeah, he is intense. What so how did that happen?
 What was the progression there?
 Like how was the first how did you meet him the first time and then how did it progress to?
 Yeah, so the very first time was he was during the crash of what of 2008 and so his business was like
 He was struggling right here his entire business had been on tv up to that point
 Crash hits and nothing's really working for him
 So he had tried to hire some marketing people to bring him online
 And um, I think he had like three or four people coming into pitch him and then somewhere
 Somehow he met like kern and my key nigs and those guys
 And so they they got to come and pitch tony
 So they were the very first to pitch tony
 It's just making 30 minute meeting and they kind of pitched like what they were doing and tony was so blown away
 The other two groups I guess route in the lobby or whatever waiting for him
 And he he messaged me like some of the people home
 Cinnamon when he spent like eight hours with my kern frank and those guys and he just showed him like showed him our world
 And tony was so blown away. And so he's like i'm gonna do something
 And so they worked with tony to build the um the new money masters
 dvd series, which was him interviewed and a bunch of internet marketers about how we were doing stuff back in the day
 and uh
 And so they started filming those and at the time I was the only person our industry had a call center
 We had the call center here in boisea was like 60 sales guys
 and so um
 They basically told tony like the way this business works
 She's you sell this thing on the front end and you call my phone and so i'm coaching
 And the right bronson's the one that's got the call center like you need to meet bronson did to the call center for you
 so
 And this all happens out me knowing it. You know, also one day I had the blue I get a call from j garrity tony's assistant
 At the time and was like hey tony wants to meet you today. Can you meet him?
 And I was like got stuff going on. Yeah, and I was I was in boisea and he's like we weren't salt lake like can you come over
 They thought I lived in utam and i'm in boisea and i know people think that it's the same. I don't think it's the same
 Yeah, they're like the utam it's the same place. Yeah, they just drive down real quick
 We have slightly fewer more way more potatoes
 Few less more. I'm working on that side though. We're yeah anyway
 But that was like
 Yeah, so he's like wait we'll totally meet in toronto next week you do an upw come up as his guest and then anyway
 so I was so i flew him next week in at upw that's where I met him. That's right at dinner with him and
 And then I didn't hear from him for like four or five months
 I'm like oh crap he hated me
 And then and then he messes me. We'll as again jay invested me out of the blue
 It's like hey tony's doing a vet and phygian two weeks do i come speak at it and while you're there
 He wants to you want to be one of them if he can record interview you to be one of the DVDs the new money master series
 I was like yeah
 Holy crap. Yeah, that's amazing. And it was funny because we were actually doing it at that time like what made you
 Because you had a call center and that's why he was like this is the guy. Yeah, so how did that
 How what were you actually doing then so we were so our business while we figured out
 We were selling a free dvd someone buys free dvd
 And then we call him on the phone and sell him a high-end coaching package
 That was the whole that was the model back then right and so we did it and then we were marketing related stuff. Yeah, okay
 Yeah
 So we were doing that and then and then
 Uh current came out something we did back and meets for him
 We did for Phil saying we did it for like a dozen guys who in space because everyone like
 We figured out that was the model everyone want to shift that model, but nobody else wanted to build a call center
 So we had a big call center here and so
 Um everyone else is doing free plus shipping stuff. We do the back end phone sales and then that was kind of like 2008
 Uh, yeah about that
 Okay, it was right during the whole crash 2008 like around that that area so then you go to phygian
 go to phygian
 Which was so cool. So I got it, you know
 You're on tony's actual private resort and it's really small and so we did you know hung out there and then
 I got to speak and it was in a room with like maybe 80 attendees in this little room at tony
 It's when I sat in the back of the room listening to speak, which was like the most intimidating scary thing in the world
 I remember I was teaching basic like direct, you know digital marketing
 Um, we didn't call that back then was basic, you know, remember to use about a season about a squeeze page
 You you know have a squeeze page people and um people like oh my god
 My member because tony raised hands that isn't a true our squeeze page is dead. He said this to me in 2010 or whatever
 I was like, oh, I'm like no they actually they still work because I heard from my friends at his dad
 I'm like no like anyway, which was funny because this day we still still yeah a decade later
 They still work. Yeah, but he called me out during my presentation on stage asking if they were dead, which was so intimidating
 Um
 That happened and then we the next day we filmed the went to his private his actual house on the property
 We went back deck and we filmed him interviewing me which was insane
 Um
 And then we left and I hear from like five years. I was just like five years
 Again, I think he hates me and then out of the blue like it's weird like weird things would happen. So like
 um
 Even on the 12 month millionaire book
 Like Vince James. I don't oh my gosh. K. I've only said one. It's the greatest book marketing book on the planet
 Not this is not Ryan Daniel Moran's
 No months to a mill
 No, this is the guy in Vince
 Vince James were a book like
 It's called 12 month millionaire and was uh how he made a hundred million dollars in 23 months selling supplements to direct mail
 Um, and it's it's insane. So I did a partnership with the guy and we were selling that book for him
 It's big it's like sides of a phone book. It's a huge old fat
 Fat book and um, it's like I was selling that at a time and that's like
 You probably went to his radar once a while. It's like you saw that so popped up
 Hey, can you give me these like he just saw the ad saw the ad or the email? I don't mean that's one of those weird things
 Have I bet a lot of famous people have seen your ads. You're some weird
 Um, the other day on instagram Hugh heffner's x wife messaged me and she wants to build a course and be on click funnels all these things
 Which x did we have like the one that he was the one that he was married to when he died
 Her last name's still heffner and I was like, I don't even know how to respond to this DM do
 Yeah, DM me. I'm like this is weird. I don't yeah, it's like there's always weird stuff
 What's what did you like to think of that one?
 Yeah, I don't respond back to our mike the call is gonna be how does marion old rich guy and take all his money
 Puppy sell like crazy
 Wait, I'll buy that one shit. I'll bogg mary. I'll marry you
 To get all that that's sort of that cool. Yeah
 But anyway, there's like stuff like that like people. Yeah, it's it's uh surprising to me how many people now like
 In the real world like big celebrities now or like are starting to see our world and keep bumping into us in different spots
 Like tony's next launch is uh mattham mcconny is like the main speaker on tony's next big launch is coming up next month, which is
 Which is crazy and like their billion courses with matt to be conny and like helping him like it's just crazy how
 How like the the real celebrity world and our world right now bumping into each other and becoming well because that's the thing is is
 celebrities
 Celebrities changing as well, right with yeah talk and instagram and youtube like what young kids
 Think of as sugar daddy secrets
 Russell's like already on it
 Yeah, I think celebrities changed, you know, like what is a celebrity because I think
 For my generation still it's like to me. It's like movie stars those are celebrities
 Well, I like actors and tv shows but to younger people. It's like youtube is yep those are like to them. They're like more
 Popular almost than a than a hell of a sense celebrity
 See how that happens, you know, mr. Beast versus whoever they would have you know, they'd go mr. Beast 100%
 Yeah, who could you who don't meet a tom cruise or mr. Beast like who's tom crew?
 Okay, what they're wrong on that one
 Tom Cruise is if I so this is actually really funny. So I was saying to Whitney
 I love tom Cruise man. Uh, even when he was doing all the weird stuff and people are like he's crazy
 I'm like, I don't care
 You put a tom cruise movie on and i'm watching the whole thing
 Minority report edge of my sleep the entire time even like five times the last time I've seen i've seen i've found it's he's unbelievable
 the fact is is he is
 The movies are great even even people always i'm like, I don't care what you think
 I love tom cruise and now he's made the come people on don't care anymore about when he was, you know
 Jumping around on couches or whatever and that he's a Scientologist and all that stuff, but um
 the
 I watched a bunch of like top gun related
 You know material on youtube after it had come out
 And he's just such a likable dude and he's so interesting
 And I said to Whitney I was like
 God if there was ever something I was doing and tom Cruise would give me a motivational speech
 There's no way i'm not winning whatever that is no matter what
 That weekend he's at for i'm watching formula one
 And he's in the pit with
 Mercedes and lewis hamilton has his best race
 Of really and i'm like no wonder i bet you tom cruises like look
 You're gonna be my wingman today lewis and lewis has his best race of the entire year wall tom cruises and the mccedys pit
 And i'm like that's we hired tom cruise
 I bet it's only you it's only a hundred million
 For an hour or something how would you even get tom cruise?
 I'm she's an agent we try to get the rock for something and who
 Lid if you ask the lex like who's the most popular person world the rock is who?
 Who knows that's true or not but which i can him he's because he what he did is he's used social media
 He's the only really big celebrity who's decided to use that and he's
 You know multi-racial he's like everybody he's everything everyone with trust
 He's like he just hit all of it no matter how many steroids he uses
 Everyone's like no no he doesn't know it's like that's it. Yes that human is gigantic
 The fact that you could even think that he's not is it insane?
 Yeah, all the all the women i know like
 I don't want to hear that we have a cut out of it because when we we went through traffic
 It's life size. It's actually he's just i'm understanding little taller
 It's it's fantastic, but we did a traction, you know the us stuff. Yep, and so every 90 days you set your rocks
 And so i said i said i said to i said to implement her i'm like
 So we got to get our dwayne johnson's done by the next 90 days and she goes what i'm like our dwayne johnson's
 And she was like nobody has ever
 done that she does say that we have the most fun
 She's got like old people that are manufacturers and stuff
 But so we got the cut out because this is uh, you know the hawth is so we have a we have we might get a david hassel
 Hough
 As well for the hawth is but we have that's why we have dwayne johnson up there is because we call our rocks dwayne johnson's
 That's amazing. So we started last week. I should have done that. Okay. How am I still that for our tea attraction? Yeah
 Um, so i've got our our new c oo who's been up for the year. He's amazing. Um, i don't know last time
 I was yeah, Kevin with the bid. Yeah. Yeah, so i don't know what exactly he does
 And he doesn't want any
 I hate operations like i'm the least operational person like anything operations like i'm like i don't do meetings i don't do that stuff
 sounded like will ferrell in wedding crashes
 I don't know what she's doing back there. I
 I don't know what he does, but he was
 Yeah, but I do know do rocks we do stuff so it's probably based on traction. I don't know what else but okay
 I said I
 This hopefully for those of the entrepreneurs who are listening who hate operations like I hate operations more than anything on this planet
 So I try to distance myself as far as possible from it as much as I can
 They they loop me in the means that have to be in but anything else. So I do have to do the meeting right quarter on okay?
 Hard way and johnson's on the other way and johnson's yeah
 You had to bring a cut out that but what are you doing?
 So i'm that's a that's a good that sort of transition is i'm curious. What do you think
 If you had to boil it down to like one reason why you've been successful as you are
 What do you think that is?
 I'm obsessed with the art of this game. I just love it
 Um, if you look at if you look at this business
 There's like there's three personality types you have to have to be successful in the business
 And I I wish I understood this when I got started because we only had two of the three for the first
 until a year ago to be honest and
 Uh, the three person on type shad i've never won you got if someone who's obsessed with the product right?
 There's a product person number two someone's obsessed with the marketing and then number three someone who's obsessed with operations
 If I ever started new company in the future, it's like those are the three people I need and then from there if he else will grow right?
 The problem with most entrepreneur based businesses is operations at first we don't need operations because
 We're just marketing and selling right? That's what we do
 So we go build these companies and blow it up and then also the customers come in there like oh crap and you operate you
 We need some of the
 Humanity people who try to figure it out and that's my most especially like internet marketing run businesses end up failing eventually because
 They suck at like the actual deal. You suck at people and stuff. Yeah. Oh, yeah
 And so it's like they're good at selling like you don't yeah, you don't need the operations person on date
 Well in our heads. We don't need a day one. We need like after we've had success
 But the reality is like you need that person so when you have success
 Success lasts longer than then the launch or the promotion of the campaign, right? And so
 Um, so when like when clickfellow's launched like Todd
 Is my business part he's obsessed with the product. Um, and I just have assessed the marketing so we can sit there and spend
 You know, he could spend his every waking hour
 You know 80 hours a week during the during the building phase folks on that I can focus on the marketing in the sales
 And so we just each we're so obsessed with our our piece of the the pie that we made stuff that was great
 um
 And so I mean that's honestly I think most people in this business because
 They want to make money. Um, but man like
 Yes, I want to you still love marketing. Oh, why do I keep doing this like yeah?
 I just bought a company yesterday. That's not in my market at all because I know the marketing plan for that
 I'm freaking so excited to execute on because it's just like
 This is your this is your thing. Yeah, like this is why you're here 100
 Like you just you haven't gotten tired of it. You're not like don't do you like you know what
 Don't do something else. It's not getting stuff. What else would I do like everything else can
 Steve it like this is so it's
 It's like the greatest game in the world and the end of it you make like you play a video game and the end of it
 Yeah, gear high score here. We play a video game and then we get paid the right
 Oh my gosh like open up by a house and turn to office
 You know, you never you wanted to this point, but um
 This not much. I love the art. So because people was asking like, oh, well
 You're lucky because you know, you're teaching them make people make funnels and funnels are cool
 Mike funnels were not cool when I got started like I used to do I used to do
 Here in Boise. I would do events. I have advertised on the radio
 We did direct mail campaigns to do events to go fill the holiday in on vista
 You people show up and I would sit there. I have to ask you that that cam did you hear that?
 We gotta because we do our events here and we're like we got to try some local ads and see what we can do here
 Yeah, I can tell you all that means been a while we did it, but like it was fascinating and like I remember
 Um doing this this event. We had three times during the day. So we had radio and direct mail to fill this fill this event
 Um, we got there in the very first session two people showed up
 And I was like so embarrassed have a huge room seats everything and two people showed up
 You know, they had RSVP people who didn't come
 And I and I did the event and the most of me like oh this sucks
 I'm making money would have been I would have been done
 That was 20 years and when I did the event with two people and then another one where there's four people and then
 Eight people and then ten people two people. Yeah, I'm like this sucks and I'm
 I'm awkward and for to anyway, so it's like the bigger the eyes more comfortable
 I am with two people I'm like, right?
 like
 But I was talking about when there were two people in the room and then ten people and people like how did you get?
 6,000 people fun like you know, I'm like because I've been doing this for two decades
 Like I've cared enough I consistently keep doing because I love this so much like when there are two people
 I kept doing it when there are four people there are eight people there are ten people
 Most people they do something like oh only ten people show up
 I did YouTube video 30 likes like yeah, who cares like if you actually care like if you're obsessed with this thing doesn't matter like
 If you're obsessed with the arts for me, it's like this point like I just like I love this game
 It's so much fun. It's so exciting every day we come in and say okay
 What can we do? What should we do like what you know and well and I could attest that being at your office
 The amount of books like it looks like a crazy person and I didn't take you to the library
 So I'm building you know, I'm building a 20,000 square foot library
 So I have another office. It's just storing my books right now because there's no room for them
 I've conservatively in the last six months probably about 3,000 books
 all first editions from like the 19 early 1900s like advertising marketing personal development success like
 Because this is this is my art. This is the game I made right and so you have any of the books how often are you reading?
 I read a little bit every day not a lot
 Part of it again, it's like I'm collecting this thing because there's a business. I'm building behind it
 So I'm collecting all those first editions and then um a lot of
 One of the first business I ever got into back in the day was public domain
 Which is books whose copyrights have expired and you can republish those things
 And so a lot of them buying because we're turning them into businesses and offers and things like that
 And so all those books. I'm re the ones that are like
 Worth republishing. I'm reading we're republishing where I'm making audiobook for like there's a whole bunch of stuff for doing with them
 But that's a probably five-hour event we could do later going deep into like the model behind it
 But yeah, it's just it's not a business like they're all
 So what how do you what does your day look like?
 because
 There's so many things and I understand like I'm I get super excited about stuff, but then I'm like
 Less excited later. Like mine doesn't I'm like, you know, super quick start like yeah, let's do this
 And now basically most of my job for myself is just telling myself to do less
 Like I'm gonna write a book. Literally just called do less shit
 Because there's so many things and I found that the more stuff I do the worse
 Results I get rather than just staying focused on like the core model the core thing. Yeah, so at this point obviously click funnels is now
 you know
 Working whether you work on it or not, right? Like it's it's got its
 We're about to launch click phones 2.0. So that's our biggest focus by far
 The new relaunch and the new software and all that kind of stuff
 How much how much better is it? Oh, it's it's night day. It's the
 In my mind is the future right? It's it's yeah, um, we tried to like
 Yeah, I mean the first time we built click funnels we built it on a technology that was good 10 years eight years ago
 Right and we built the base what we do eight years ago now. It's like now. We know what people want. We know how we wish we would have been
 Technology is a million times better now. So it's just faster. It's a full read. Yeah
 We literally we decided to build it
 We didn't tell anybody on our entire company, but I don't know the partners like it was me Todd and Dave three people knew about it
 and then to odd kind of like
 Uh, Steve jobs built his skunk works division inside of apple to build his same with the same thing what Todd built this thing
 Just him at first and then he started
 Bringing in the best of our developers and made them literally like swear in like they had to go through a whole like hour or anything with Todd
 They had like sign a contract to win until anybody in our company or anybody where they're working on why was it because um
 uh
 When you're uh, we didn't want is the rest of your company finding out about this right now. Yeah
 No, we did have a meeting eventually about a year into like this is the plan because people should again work
 Because why are you pulling the best developers off? Like why are they disappearing? What are they doing in like finally? I tell everybody but um
 Because we have a platform with a hundred thousand plus members on it and like if everyone's like oh this next thing we've shipped over here
 Like this would have this could have we could have lost everything
 So it's like we have to have the separate thing. We can't shift focus or deviation. This has continued developing. It proven get better, but
 Eventually, we're gonna we're gonna lose our business if we don't build the new thing, right? Like um
 And so we've finally decided to do that was a separate thing and um, yeah, but it's it's amazing whole new built from the ground
 I've all new technology all new
 Um, just the thought process of how things work and why they work and how to structure
 You know, it's just it's what we wish we you know would have done before how long has it been developing two years?
 Damn, yeah, and we want to go to CF
 The number two then POINT and zero calm. There's like the countdown
 There's a countdown clock to like when we go on October 4th is when it goes live for the world
 So we're thinking 80 some days away
 Yeah, so that's the number we're focusing on everything like that defaults and then all the other stuff's like my side projects of like okay, um, do you
 Is it because you're like?
 Taking on stuff with I've got this marketing plan when I hear you say that I'm like
 God that sounds like a nightmare like another thing is a you just at this point really idea person
 Yeah, so if you go and you go, this is what we're gonna do
 There's the people that will actually push your idea forward
 Outside of like this like my unique ability like I'm gonna do the presentation
 I'm gonna do you know like the things are my unique ability I still do but it's very much like here's the vision and then I uh,
 Kevin I give it to Kevin like I make a video and sometimes they're 30 minutes to an hour long video
 Like here's this is what needs to happen how it's gonna work
 You know I have funnel hacked 400 other people like these are what they got like how they do this and maybe this and this and it's like
 There's a big brain dub
 And then he'll go through it. He'll take it all
 And project manager that was like chop saw up into a million because that's the thing is like we had this vision then like we don't want like
 Oh crap. There's all these details like I hate these I get so
 The details stress me out so bad like um fact my team has project management systems
 I'm not involved in any of those because if I see like here's all the tasks that have to happen with that to happen
 I get so I just want to give up
 So I don't see any of that but then um after the vision's done
 Then I become an employee of the team
 So then Kevin's like Russell these are your assignments to make this thing happen
 Then he's giving me Tashley any other employee like you'd write the copy for this you're in the video for this
 Here's the you know and so like I'm now just an employee on the team
 And I only see the things I have to do to make it actually happen. So what is your role now?
 Like when you say are you writing all the copies still
 Primary? No, we've got some good copywriters, but I work with him. So it's like
 You know like I love copy until we get past the initial scroll and then like oh I want to die
 But like everything above the fold like I've sessed and I love talking about so like
 It's kind of me heat down our teams are our lead copywriter. He what's his last name?
 Wilcox, you know, he's I love he he's now full time with us. I had he's awesome. He is my
 Favorite copy I've ever worked with ever
 Yeah, he's he's insane
 And so we sit down and we brainstorm and then he he writes stuff and all right stuff
 We'll go back and forth so we get like the right the right lead the right message right tone and then and he will run and then just
 Do his magic and he's amazing. Um and then the email sequences like I write a lot of those we actually
 Um, we have a couple other writers, but I'm involved in those processes
 Do you write the daily emails that you guys send sometimes there it depends
 I've yet to find someone who really can master my voice. See you. I'm involved in
 In is there a difference in results in the ones that you write versus the ones that are written by others
 What house significant would you say? Um
 Depends how good they are they're getting better at modeling me, but it's like
 It's not very unique. That's the pro it's that's like it's hard from the company. I hook right like yeah, the right side
 I'm like, what even if the voice is yours, but it's not the idea. Yeah, then it's not gonna
 Yeah, what a lot of times more of it's that me like hey order
 I want to email campaigns to be 60 emails like first one we should be talking about this and you know
 So I'll give them that and then they'll write it and they're like now I'll go back in like ah and then I'll read tweaks stuff
 So you it's not it's rarely me just writing everything right now
 You know 100% from using it's usually me sending a box message like here's the here's the hook and here's like the thing I think
 Or here's a story like find out like turn that into an email and then I'll get that and then I'll tweet you used that a lot
 Boxer. Oh, yeah, I think I'm the only person that uses it still like I remember I kind of know what it was
 It was some sometime that you were using it. I remember hearing and I was like, I don't know if anybody else
 Yeah, and the only one in fact the companies for sell they're trying to sell to me because they're like
 You're the only person you're the only guy on here
 If you want to like
 like any partnership I have like already like my from my my family to my relationships to my business everything that you don't
 Have to the boss. It's just all and it's all audio right is that what it is audio
 You can you can forex speed things like someone's have a 200 message
 I can get 30 seconds and then and then I can for messages of people so I can also not imagine listening to you on four times
 There's no way
 But it's awesome. It's like if I have an idea it's like who needs to be involved inside
 Yeah, I'm like hey, so I make a voxel group. I throw in the five people I need
 I said that I'm driving a brain dump the entire idea like this is what I want to do
 And then it's over and then they all got it and then I forgot something I can just forward that message to them or bring in the group
 And so I can
 I don't have to do meetings now. I can just do a 30 second thing get the vision to everybody and they can start running
 Um or my coaching programs like I used to do coaching calls and it's still worse
 They like if you give someone like a 30 minute coaching call with you
 They want to go on call for 30 minutes and they're like oh, this is my time
 I gotta use it all it's like yeah
 They're questions a 20 second question
 Yep
 And so I shifted that to like for the high end coaching that I do like
 These message me and voxel and they're only allowed to ask me one question in time and it can't go over a minute
 So usually it's like they they think through it first they ask me a 30 second question
 I listen to four x speeds takes me 10 seconds to listen to it. I respond back
 Yes or no and the whole coaching call takes
 Should I not take this thing 90 seconds as opposed to 90, you know, whatever the the time a lot it would have been and they get exactly the need
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode
 And what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also, Dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no bs
 Letter.com not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bs letter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
