 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson and welcome to a special wrestling room edition
 of the marketing secrets podcast.
 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets.
 Hey everyone, so I'm here in the wrestling room at my home.
 I guess technically it's my detached garage but those who haven't seen it, if you're
 watching the video version this is what it all looks like.
 It is my little piece of heaven here on earth and I love it.
 But today was the very first ever wrestling practice I did with my kids and their friends
 here.
 This is a t-shirt we made because I'm a little eccentric and we can't have a practice
 without a t-shirt.
 So we made t-shirts and everything.
 But it was fun.
 We had I think 12 or so boys here.
 And for my little kids age up to the older kids and it was fun but it was hard.
 It was, anyways, interesting.
 My obviously wrestling has been my passion and my whole life won.
 My kids have been, for some reason like they just have so much resistance to it.
 It's like ah, I remember this year my 12 year old twins started wrestling finally and
 very first day they went to practice.
 I didn't know the practice at start yet.
 I thought it was starting the next day and they came home both in tears.
 I was like we hate wrestling, we're never going back.
 And I was like oh man so I called the coach up.
 I got to know him and he said well you should come out.
 Coach then I'm like dang it.
 So I decided to be a assistant coach.
 I spent the next two months, two and a half months or so every day at wrestling practice
 which ended being amazing with the kids.
 But it was hard because every week we'd eat breakfast.
 We'd quit yet dad, we'd quit yet.
 I'd watch my kids go and get beat up.
 I'm just like man am I doing the right thing?
 Like part is like you gotta make your kids be tough and force them to do hard things.
 But part of me is like man they're not having any fun.
 I give my bad dad for doing it.
 Anyway these are the emotional turmoil that goes through my head as I'm trying to learn
 this whole parenting game which is way harder than I thought it was going to be.
 And making millions of dollars is way easier than raising kids.
 But anyway they finished the season and they had a good time.
 But end of it, Bowen who was the one who paid wrestling the most told me that wrestling
 is his favorite sport.
 So I'm like yes.
 And then Dallin he got injured pretty bad.
 I think I did a podcast on that but he liked it as well.
 So finally I've been trying to like you know the season's over.
 I'm like we got a wrestling in our backyard.
 Let's like get a bunch of kids together.
 So I've been trying forever and finally today was the first day we made it happen.
 And I had my little boy I ate and I heard too with some of his friends.
 And it was crazy because it's just it's something interesting as you start new things
 again you forget like how much resistance normally comes when you start something new.
 Like I've been trying honestly for two years just to have this wrestling practice.
 And then like six months away I printed these shirts.
 I'm like we're doing this weekend and then we didn't do it again and finally happened
 today.
 And even today man like last night eight and my seven year old going to bed like I can't
 like I like you have to go to bed now because it's like it's still like 10 o'clock because
 we got to get for wrestling.
 I don't want to wrestle the morning.
 He's like I got I have homework and I have all these things and I give homework your
 first grade dude.
 He's like yeah five hours of homework I can't do wrestling I have to do homework in the
 morning I'm like whatever.
 Like oh just fighting this morning is fighting and ever just fighting and they don't want
 to come and then like they came out and the boys are fighting and like twins are fighting
 and like on the left is friendship which was good and then we did practice and then practice
 was way I guess it's funny and you had your like okay they're all going to listen we're
 gonna do this things we're gonna get through stuff and I was harbing odd number of people
 so I'd help like be a drill partner plus coach but trying to coach everyone plus anyway.
 Oh it was tough and there's so much resistance and then at the end my boys are fighting and
 they're crying and trying to do little wrestle off.
 So he's the kids wrestling and two of my boys are crying by the end of it because they
 had hurt and like so much resistance so anyway the reason making this video is twofold number
 one I think someday it'll be fun to come back here and if I can get these kids past the
 initial pain of a new thing it'll be fun to like show them this and be like this is
 day number one the practice guys this is how beat up your dad was not tired how like how
 bad I wanted to quit already because man you start anything new the initial resistance
 is insane it's like you have to push this boulder up a hill and if you're not insanely
 passionate and obsessive about what you do you're not going to make it up that hill there's
 just too much resistance that happens initially as people tell me I'm starting business can
 I just like I'm not passionate about anything can I just can I just like do so you know they
 just want to do something like hey you can but there's a lot of resistance that goes in
 starting a business and you got to push this boulder up a hill if you don't love it man
 you're gonna you're gonna yeah like if I didn't love wrestling and love this time so many
 times with the boys like I'd quit after today that today was as much fun as it was it was
 kind of horrible like it was so hard and then oh anyway it was not horrible it was good
 it was just not the picture I've hated in my head you know and I think a lot of times
 we get into business we have this picture in our head of like hey this is gonna look
 like some amazing then you get in there and you're like huh nobody wants my stuff wow
 traffic is expensive wow problem problem problem if you're not insanely passionate initially
 the resistance will stop you it'll bury you before you ever get there so as I'm trying
 a new thing a new chapter of my life being a coach of my kids which and I'm going through
 that resistance I just wanted to share with you guys because we all go through it and you
 know most of you listening to this podcast you're here because you're learning marketing
 and business and scaling and things like that and I just you will probably think about
 hearing me talk about wrestling coaching but it's the same principle anything new we start
 we will be immediately met with tons of opposition and resistance no matter what it is especially
 if it's a good thing the better it is the more opposition or resistance you will get and
 that's a sign that you're doing the right things and so that said I'm gonna go to the
 hot tub I'm gonna my stuff I have stuff he knows I'm kind of sick but I'm just gonna
 celebrate today act like it was everything I dreamt of a more so I can forget about some
 of the hurdles that way we'll be able to keep moving forward and keep doing this and I just
 know that if I do this consistently for a month for six months for a year my kids will
 be good they're gonna like it I'm gonna like it we'll have wrestlers that know what they're
 doing and practice become fun and it'll be awesome but it all starts somewhere so today
 was my starting day and wherever it is you're starting out or wherever you are meeting the
 most opposition right now hopefully this gives you a little bit of hope and faith and the
 energy you need to push through that opposition because the the amazing stuffs right on the
 other side we just got to get there it's happened so many times in my life in so many
 different areas and I'm excited for it to happen down here the wrestling stuff as long
 as the kids don't quit so there's my there's my job it's harder like when it's yourself
 you don't have to quit when the kids are like we don't like this it's harder but they're
 liking it more it's getting better so alright guys that said I'm gonna go and maybe take
 a nap or something I don't even know but whatever you're doing break for that resistance
 I'll talk to you soon bye everybody
 would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow
 our company if so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at
 www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
