 Good morning. Good morning everybody. Welcome to marketing secrets. We're right now watching a little bit of
 Studio C
 Which maybe think of something really funny and that's what we're kicking off this episode of marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so
 It's a Saturday we are less than a week away from our big viral video launch
 And there's so many more pieces going into it's kind of crazy. We've got
 Whoo a little stretch out not gonna lie. We've still got sales page the demo sequence. We've got the onboarding
 We've got the off-boarding. We've got the gamification. We've got the show me how walkthroughs
 All going live in the next six days
 The program teams coming out on Monday, which I'm excited for and then oh in between there. We also happen to have a
 Three-day event
 It's so funny we did yes, we were filming a video thing for our just fun ocra TV. We talked about funnel years and how
 Each funnel years one day so it's like oh we've got like four funnel years before the next live event
 And we got six funnel years before the the the viral video launch. We've got plenty of time
 So every we'll start saying that you guys every every day
 In the real world is a funnel year because you get more than a year than most we've done a day if you're using like funnels all right so
 I actually have someone I want to talk about today. So I'm when watching we did
 Ever since whole viral video thing has been fun like this whole new science of marketing that's been opened in my mind that was different before right?
 It's funny like we're playing with harm and brothers and these guys are the script writers and all sorts of stuff
 And I'm talking about copywriting and I was like I was like who did you guys study and they're like what do you mean?
 like like I don't know the Halberd did you listen to you know, Ben Savanga like who the guys that you study for
 copywriting like who's Gary Halberd like
 What and then I can't I don't know who they was like well Dan Kennedy what about I'm like naming off like the legends
 right like quite make peace and like all these things that I never heard any of them I'm like how are you guys like
 The best video copywriters on earth you never heard of copy or copy anyway, it's just so funny and they're like
 Yeah, we just you know they get sketch comedy writers who are really funny and then they try weaving sales principles into it
 and
 It's funny because
 Anyway, it's just it's just interesting
 One thing they said is that like we just go to uh, we go to
 So I kick started and look at all the best kickstarter can be to watch those videos and what are they doing?
 What's consistently working?
 It's like go like if I was if I was trying to train you can't copywriting and like I'd tell him like go to kickstarter
 Just go watch like 8,000 videos and you'll learn good copy
 It's interesting and then
 One of our one of the main writers for our script was Matt Mease from Studio C
 Which you don't know studio C is like that's just watching a minute ago go watch studio C. It's it's
 God, it's the best show on TV. It's like Saturday live. It's a bunch of Mormons who do it and it's clean and so it's like family friendly and it's awesome
 And you guys will love it. It's it's awesome
 But it's like same thing like these the guys read the scripts for Studio C like there's some of the best like copywriters in the world
 They don't even know copy is they just know how to engage people grab intention and interest and design like
 They've learned it through in a different format, which is kind of cool
 So anyway, so that said like so fun like I've been trying to get different ways to to grab people and to get them and so
 my first test is
 It's been interesting is like
 You know, this is my podcast obviously you guys listening to so I do the podcast right and sometimes we podcast
 I hear much other times they get pot I do a podcast and I get all these messages from people who are like thank you like oh
 So awesome. So that's my pool over there making a lot of noise and come on the side
 Like for example like the entrepreneurial scars podcast I did tons of research people messaging me from everywhere like thank you
 That was so cool
 Entrepreneurs be struggling vacations that one like hit right so like and there's a whole bunch of them that people
 Resident with more so than than other ones for some reason right and so I was thinking I'm like
 You know the podcast is really cool format to teach and train and to like get inside people's minds and I love it
 But it's not like a podcast are hard to share there. It's hard to go viral those kind of things
 So I was like I'm gonna start taking the podcast I have they have the most impact that people connect with the most
 And I'm gonna try turn those into like a video. It's like a viral video that will call out my people right
 Because I'm like if this is resonating people so much so that they're able to get ahold of me
 Which is not easy. I have a lot of walls every direction, but if they get to me it means that there's there's it was worth
 It was worth focusing on right and so like the entomeneur struggling vacation
 I was in when I was in Hawaii with my wife
 I was like I'm gonna try I'm just gonna record a little video this and it would instead of being like off the cuff
 Like I'm right now
 I was like I'm gonna I'm like scripted out and I write a like a minute and a half to minute video
 Talking about how I why entrepreneurs suck it going on vacations. So I rolled the script set up a camera
 You know the beach house and I just recorded the same got home and had Kevin on our team go through and like make a little viral video
 Thing, you know had music and energy and it's kind of and it's probably more producing than
 Some other ones I'm gonna test and make sometimes under it less produce do better anyway, who knows?
 But if you look at it was it was it was not me talking about funnels right like this fun was my world
 But like I needed to go level bigger if I want to go cut like semi viral right like niche viral or whatever they call it
 I needed to go one level bigger so that
 So that you would like grab my people so for me like I want entrepreneurs who are selling stuff through funnels
 Like that's that's my dream to get people right but a lot of entrepreneurs are no
 They it's just like I got to connect to them at a level that we can connect at so it's like I'm gonna call it entrepreneurs
 Right so entrepreneurs. I think the video titles like why entrepreneurs suck at vacations
 In fact, I had the audio a couple of those backs
 He is who are listening to the to the audio podcast heard it like I think last week ago go today actually
 So you kind of hear it, but it's me on the beach house
 Doing it right and so it's calling out entrepreneurs
 It's calling my people and then trying to have them connect with me right and so I did this video put it together
 we launched it and
 You know, it's not like 18 million views right there that I think we're at 70 or 80,000 views in the last seven days
 Which is awesome so that means 70,000 entrepreneurs have like connected me like and the comments are crazy like oh my gosh
 You understand me?
 That's how I feel too and like they're tagging their wives and their friends and their kids all sorts of stuff
 And it's just it's just cool it connects us
 I was on shows I'm connecting with now
 They're like who's this weird dude who I connected with and then they you know now they shift and being just entrepreneurs like
 entrepreneurs Chanel maybe read the book or there whatever and they get deeper deeper with me and eventually they are building funnels
 Which is where I want everybody to be because that's how you change the world you build funnels. So
 Anyway, I just thought it was interesting and I'm gonna be doing more of those
 I'm gonna be probably an excellent will be the entrepreneurial scars
 I might go down the courthouse or something to record it there and be like bankruptcy or I don't know who knows I got a
 right to score for it first, but
 I thought it was a really cool thing and so what I reason I'm telling is I want I want you to think about this
 So think about the thing that you're selling right?
 So whatever you're selling they try to go one step broader so that the more mass appeal so that
 Like who are the people that you'd love to have by your thing even though they're already yet so go one step one level deeper
 Who are those people and then what message do you have that they would like yes you get me?
 Yes, that's me. That's what that's we're looking for right?
 And then and then try to make a little video speaking to those people so they'll connect with you, right?
 So for example is vacations like entrepreneurs suck at vacations because we want to give back to work
 Right and like entrepreneurs relate to that right?
 And so that's how I called out my people and they're connecting now. It's really really cool. So for you
 How do you call it your people who are your people first off right and don't like
 I mean you're going one
 Your product going only one step broader than that so people that don't know who you are yet, right?
 But they would connect with you. Does that make sense? So I hope that makes sense
 so for me, I'm not talking about
 Necessarily marketers and talking about entrepreneurs right marketers are people who get like what we do right?
 They understand that's why marketing secrets podcast
 That's why like all these things like they like you guys are marketers like you understand that you're excited about selling it
 And so like you guys were resonating the message all no matter what some triangle one level bigger so that
 The ability to go more viral, but also as the ability to connect more people and then bring them down
 Down into our into our funnels into our world. So this is the front of this is this way to fill your funnel
 This is the front of the the value ladder right?
 It's just how you're casting a wider net and bringing them in so you figure out who are your people call them out
 And then what are things that you believe that they would resonate with that the rest of the world think is really really weird
 Right like honestly, it's funny when I was making that video. I was really concerned
 Because my wife was there. I'm like, I don't want to offend her
 But as I feel and I know that I thought entrepreneurs feel this way I talked to him about it like people tell me all the time
 You're going back to vacation people like how did you vacation? I'm like it was good so glad we back so I can get back to her like
 Stop stressing out, which is it's just like like I know that that's how I always felt
 Something about one of the things that you feel because what you do or because who you are that
 Other people like you will resonate with but the rest of the world think you're weird
 like that's you're looking for like those kind of things right and
 And then create something around that and then just put it out there who knows it may go viral may not doesn't really matter
 But just doing it and so for me
 I'm gonna try to do like once or twice a month try to try to pick a podcast steps that I've done or come with an idea or something
 That's just like here's a cool story
 I can tell that the entrepreneurs will connect with that'll get them to like me follow me friend me whatever and then
 The process I can get them to
 Buy the book get into my the culture etc etc etc etc etc so hope helps you guys if you haven't seen the video yet
 We get on the audio podcast. It was a few episodes back said why entrepreneurs like a vacations
 I'm not if you go to Russell if you go to Facebook comm slash Russell Brunson HQ
 That's my fan page. You can see the video there for sure
 Or at this point probably if you Google why do entrepreneurs suck at vacations?
 I'd probably show up who knows but it's worth watching and sharing and tagging your family and friends on it
 So hope it helps you guys. I'm gonna go back and watch some studio see with my kids because it's amazing here
 It is right here. You can see it back there if you watch the other TV show
 Awesome sketch comedy gives you good ideas for writing copy
 And it's really fun. So thanks guys and I'll see you later
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called comm secrets and you get your free copy at comm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back fast startup company in the world
 [Applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
