 Good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today
 I want to talk to you a little bit about chain marketing
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so if the sounds a little weird today is because I'm actually in my sauna and behind on podcast episodes and so
 Today I took my kids to
 Virtually the thing called seminary. It's early morning
 So I took them this morning and it is freezing cold today the wind is like almost like a tornado here in Boise
 So I was freezing so I got you know, it's like I'm gonna get sauna get warmed up
 So I turn the sauna on and then I was like, you know what? I'm just sitting here
 I should record a podcast and so I was thinking about just things I could talk to you about there's so many things that's
 The pros and the cons of this podcast, you know, I first started as like I don't know if I'm gonna be able to think
 I said to talk about every day and then the other side is like there's so many things I could talk about
 So we think that one talk about it's like where do I go? What do I what do I focus on? I've been thinking about different ways to
 Increase the experience with this podcast you know about some cool ideas and I'm potentially looking at here in the near future
 But today what I was thinking about was just something that came up yesterday in at rest and practice actually
 So my days right now are kind of chaotic as the time I'm recording this
 We're in the middle of the OFA 30-day challenge, which we're actually doing live right now, which has been really fun
 But I'm like literally doing it
 Live every single day and before that I did the five-day lead challenge. I'm waking every morning
 Going in live streaming live
 It's been now
 Two three four weeks four weeks of live every single morning, which is good, but it's just like
 It's a lot to be consistent that way
 Anyway, I digress so I've been doing that and then I'm assuming it's done
 I go work on the one pager for the day and I go finish other training other programs
 It's all this stuff. I gotta get done and then every day at
 230 at race off to get
 To wrestling practice my boys. So um their freshman high school this year and we're on the wrestling team
 And I'm gonna be one of the assistant coaches
 So I race in there to to get him every day. So my days like chopped in in half basically
 Which happens every year about this time, but it's it's fun. So
 Anyway, it's been fun to rust and practice last a little bit. The coach to have me
 has had me do a lot more of the teaching and training and so
 I've been working on a couple different moves, right? Like I was working on a setup initially with someone else coming to get inside control
 And that's like the first move right so we all work on getting inside control
 And then second thing was like you know
 You have inside control and I also work on doing this thing called steering wheel where I club this head and I pull
 It's tricep one way and then the other way and it gets him gets a moving
 So I'm doing this thing called the steering wheel, which is like a motion drill, right?
 And then from there
 It's like there's a lot of things someone could do like if I push into him if he pushes back in the me
 I gotta snap down, right?
 If I push back in if I push into him and he doesn't push but he brings he switches his hands inside control
 I gotta come back inside control or I need to break it off or there's just like all these different things, right?
 And so it's interesting like when you first
 Are teaching these kids you teach them each move like in isolation, right?
 It's like okay, you have to learn how to do just like getting inside like you think that's just one little thing, right?
 So you teach them isolation how to get inside then you teach them isolation like okay
 Here's how you do a steering wheel like you club here you pull here and your feet go here
 So you drill that just that one thing right and then you do the next thing and so you're doing all these moves like in isolation
 And so we spent like two days to then just learning each move in isolation
 And then today or soon yesterday I went in I'm gonna show working I'm like hey
 We're not gonna learn anything new today. You just have all the the core fundamentals you need today
 We're gonna do a thing we call chain wrestling chain wrestling means is I get a match you just walk out
 They're like okay, I'm gonna do one move and you like get inside control
 You know what right you don't do that like you in a wrestling match with other dudes battling against you right?
 So you come in you okay? I'm gonna do I'm gonna go with for my inside control
 So you go inside control, but then instantly he's doing something so then you have to react
 And then they do something and then you react and back and forth and back and forth and so chain wrestling is knowing that like
 I'm not just doing this one move in isolation
 I gotta be doing this move to this move to this move if he does this thing I shifted this this this so it's taking these
 Individual techniques right which is like a link in a chain and you're chaining them together
 So it's four five or six or seven different things because in the real match you'll walk out and just do one thing you walk out
 Yeah, okay
 I'm gonna go through my one thing that I you know that I think is my best but then it's like
 Then it's wrestling match that's a battle and and the secret is chain wrestling
 It's getting good like move this to this to this and then they go here this this and then shift this this this this this
 You know and moving back and forth back and forth and so that was what yesterday was about was chain wrestling tying these these individual moves
 together into something amazing and
 Anyway, I practiced I was teaching that it was interesting because like right now I'm in the middle of the OFA 30 day
 or the other one-front-away challenge
 and I started thinking about it and the one-front-away challenge is actually the way I'm teaching is very very similar and
 Any of you guys bring on to my training year, you'll probably know the same thing right there's
 All these little techniques you learn in isolation right so you have
 Excuse me
 You have all these little techniques that you learn in isolation right so any chapter of my book could be a technique right the attractive character
 Hook story offer like there's these things right but in themselves. They don't do anything
 It's it's when you chain them together into a process that they're successful
 and
 So for example in OFA well the first things I teach people about is that you're selling a product that you're selling a result
 Right that's the first thing so then the result
 When you're selling this result like I talked about in there like for example like
 Somebody comes to you in there. Let's say you're home depot. They don't go to home depot to buy a drill
 You know the drill is the tool, but they want to hold the wallet. That's why they're that's why they're going to get the thing
 Right the same thing like like someone doesn't want to buy click fun. Let's click on the drill
 What's the result they want the result they want to grow the company right?
 So like the drill click phones is the drill
 But the result is they want to grow the company and so it's realizing initially that you're not in the business of selling drills
 You're in the business of selling results
 And what's the big results someone's looking for if they're coming to you right like that's the that's the big question
 And then after you know the big results that can now step back and leave
 What's the framework that gets some of that result and your drill may be one step in the framework right click fun
 It's just one step my framework, but it's not the business the business is getting people results
 That's the first thing I have people understand right since I okay now you understand like frameworks is the key like
 What is the framework okay, and the next thing is like now how do we turn this framework in it's like this sorry
 So that's that's like one
 That's one tactic right one technique. That's like me getting somebody in site control
 Okay, you understand that okay business and on a product business as a result
 What are all the steps in the framework to get some of that result right? So there's there's the first
 Technique the next technique. Okay. Oh, and now we've got a framework
 How do we make this framework tangible because just knowing the steps does not make something give you money, right?
 You have to turn into something tangible so
 From there, you know what we taught people is like okay
 Here's the framework and how to use frameworks like you need a video to teach the process
 You know one pager which lays out the the homework and assignment all kind of stuff
 And now you have something that's tangible that you can trade in exchange for an email address you can trade in exchange for money
 They know you got a tangible thing right so it's the next technique is taking the framework and making it tangible right?
 So there's the next piece and then third piece. It's like how do you increase the value of that framework?
 Okay, well now we need to change it from just a singular product into an actual offer right?
 That's the next phase. It's like you have a turn to an offer well to make an offer
 We blah blah blah you know like you add you stack multiple products together and now it becomes unique proprietary offer
 The only you can offer right and that's the next phase and create an offer and then I take the offer that's like okay
 No, how do we sell this you know the the core framework? How do we sell that?
 That comes next questions like what's the sales group we used to sell this product in this in this thing, right?
 And so that's another
 Standalone like here's a self-script here's another self-script here's another one there's different sales scripts, right?
 That's another technique and then the next is like there's like there's different funnels like what funnel do you use?
 And then you plug me in to each step of the funnel
 So anyways interesting cuz like as I look OFA we're teaching all these these
 Individual techniques and now this week inside OFA is the minute like building a building an actual funnel and I explained to you
 I said I got back yesterday's training explain this I was like I hope you guys understand this like
 You know this the foundational things you're learning
 Like how to look at business as a result not a product right and then how to turn that result to a framework and that framework into
 Something tangible a product then from a product into an offer then after you have an offer
 How do you sell that offering? What's the sales script to sell that actual offer?
 And I was like this is this is if you're looking at it this direction
 I want you to stand like I even talked about Mr. Miyagi from karate kid like wax on wax off
 I'm like like this is the thing you have to understand is like
 What I'm teaching you is like these these things right? They don't make sense nicely
 It's like who cares about a result risk like I don't sell frameworks
 I sell e-commerce
 I don't do frameworks I'm a dentist like everyone's got the reason why they don't think things work
 I know you understand like this is me teaching you to mr. Miyagi like wax on wax off right from karate kid
 Or it's me coming in to the kids at high school and say okay, this is insight control
 You have to get insight control tonight, but coach like I I needed to make take a shot like no
 Like it'll come you you'll take a shot shots part of your you know part of your setup
 But like insight controls number one like you have to get that and control and keep that like that's the first piece
 you just can't miss that right and
 And then it's like okay from here you got to move to a steering list so you get them off bounce
 So you get your motion so you get things moving like you know
 It's like we're layering these things on to now the kids
 When they start chain wrestling it's getting good at this step one two three one two three
 Okay, and now in marketing it's the same way like if you learn these net these natural skill sets right like the skill set of
 Creating a framework and to turn that framework tangible and then train that that tangible product into an offer and then figure
 How to sell that off right those little skill sets in and of themselves are individual techniques, but when you time together now you can sell anything
 Right like everything people learning set of OFA or that you guys are are understanding like inside of OFA
 and giving people very specific funnel right
 Which basically seven dollar offer a thirty seven dollar order form bump OTO one OTO two. Thank you, basically
 That's the the funnel structure and it's a great funnel structure
 But like you can take these principles anything like say you want to do webinars like hey, I need a webinar awesome
 Okay, and here comes the here comes wax on wax off right here comes the here comes the the fundamentals
 So the question that counts webinar what's the framework you're teaching them? Okay?
 What's the result to try and get from being on the webinar? All right
 What's the what's the framework that you're gonna get? How do you turn this into an offer?
 What's the sales trip you need and then you're plugging it into the pages of the funnel right or it's like oh, I'm gonna sell a physical product
 What's the ecom you know? It's a car funnel look like or I want to?
 Sell high ticket what's a high ticket card look like you know, it's just like when you have these little fundamentals it works in every situation, right?
 You just give me a different product. I had no the fundamentals. It'll work right
 You I step on the mat with a different wrestler. I know these fundamentals. It's a matter is gonna work right
 And so I'm plugging in all these these core fundamentals like a good at chain wrestling
 I get a good time the first thing the second thing the third thing the fourth thing and
 Or you walk, you know, so right now it's funny like when people hire me from insulting like I
 Like it's not like I have to think like what what am I gonna do for this company?
 Like I know what I'm gonna do. I know the fundamentals like I walk in cool
 What are you selling? All right, so right now you're selling a drill okay?
 Understand you're selling the drill you're selling a result. What's the result? What's the framework to get that result cool?
 Now we got that how to return that into something we can sell all right now to increase the offer and what's the sales message
 When you like all the pieces just come together. It doesn't matter what business what?
 What product what offer what funnel type what anything you want those five or six core fundamentals working all of them across the board over and over and over and over and over
 And that makes sense
 Just like in wrestling the same thing. Give me any opponent. It doesn't matter
 I know that
 Off the whistle and come and get inside control from there
 I'm gonna try to do steering wheel try to get my motion get them off bounce and from there depending what the pressure
 Is neither I'm gonna snap or I'm gonna do I'm gonna snap the wrist. I'm gonna do arm drag
 I'm gonna do it. He does like ten things I can do off of their pressure, but I'm changing these things together
 Anyway, so I just I saw the correlation between the two of a lot of times you learn a technique or you learn a tactic in isolation
 And it's kind of cool
 But it's not to start getting good at changing these things together
 They become in a world-class marketer or world-class wrestler like anybody can do the technique right anybody can go and
 Get inside control and somebody anybody can go and you know shoot the shot a certain way anyone can go and
 You know do one of the pieces like you becoming a master comes you understanding the pieces at such a level that you can time together
 At any time and the wrestling matches like you don't have to think through it like you walk out there
 The whistle blows the roughs ready to go and it's just like it's a scramble a second you walk out there, right?
 But you have to know it is simply enough that your brain subconsciously
 You're here to here to here to here to hear right I feel like for me in business now
 It's the same way like you bring anything. It's like okay like I don't want to think through it subconsciously
 I've drilled these
 These tactics so many times just like alright cool. This is the this we're doing so it works boom boom and right rock and roll
 And so anyway
 This one showed you guys because I think a lot of you guys are getting stuck
 Learning the tactic not changing them together right this marketing game. There's a lot of pieces in it, right?
 There's a product. There's the sales message. There's the offer. There's the traffic. There's always seeing so it's like learn those fundamentals
 But I'm good at like testing them together chain wrestling chain marketing from one to next next right
 The better you get those fundamental skill sets the easier
 And the better you'll be at building out the funnels creating sales messages
 Centra cetera so anyway, so I'll share with you guys as I turn out my wrestlers get the next level by mastering
 You know first the techniques and then weaving them together and chain wrestling. I want to do the same thing to you guys right
 We're mastering the techniques the fundamentals and then you're weaving them together into chain marketing where you're going from thing to thing to thing
 And you understand exactly what you need to do what you gotta create
 But the process with the flow is and then you plug in any product into any funnel because the fundamentals are the same on every single step
 That makes sense. All right. That said
 My body is now officially warmed up. I go
 Give norahog before I said that school appreciate you guys for listening if you got any value from this episode
 Please let me know take a screenshot on your phone and then post on social media and tag me
 I like seeing those I've seen them marine comments a lot of fun and
 With that said appreciate you all and see you guys all soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over in your text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this text and communities where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platforms
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
