 Good morning everybody this Russell Brunson. I got a rush to be very important marketing
 secret podcast.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get
 our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 still remain profitable? That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everyone I'm really a little behind today but I want to share something in my three
 minute drive to the office because I thought it was very very important. Recently I read
 a book by my friend Ben Hardy called Will Power Doesn't Work and it was a fascinating
 book and you should all read it. In fact you stop everything right now and go read it.
 But anyway one of the core things was like no matter how much willpower you try to have
 it doesn't actually affect the end result. He was talking about how he went into his master's
 degree originally to learn and study willpower and he realized after studying it that willpower
 doesn't actually cause the change we want. The only thing that actually causes the change
 we want is changing our environment. There's some about the book for you. There's other
 amazing stuff in this you should go back and read anyway but that was kind of it. You've
 got to change your environment. So I've been thinking about that a lot as we were in Kenya
 and flying home in the last couple days getting prepped for this week and I thought you know
 what there's some major things I want to do in my life. Therefore I must radically shift
 my environment. So last night let me tell you what I did. Number one one of the things
 I've been trying to do is read scriptures with my kids every day and it's really hard
 so my wife and I went out and we bought seven brand new Book of Mormons. We got labels with
 the kids name on each end every one of them and round our big table in the middle of our
 front room we put them out there along with our reading charts and now it's like right
 front and center. So now it's like you should eat on eating. First thing you see is all of
 those and we're going to go directly there and read and change our environment. Number
 two I want to read my own scriptures better. So I noticed like why don't I read them very
 well. It's like why don't I have a spot to read into like I like having like 10 books laid
 out and cross referencing and highlighting and all sorts of stuff. I didn't have a place
 to do that. So I changed my environment in my office. I reshifted the whole setup. I
 cleared off a desk and made the desk in my dedicated study spot. I got all the books out
 that I wanted to be able to to study as I'm reading through the Book of Mormon and had them
 all out there. Had my highlights, my pencils, my things to underline like everything in
 one spot in this morning I woke up at 5 a.m. and I actually studied and it was insanely
 cool and I loved it. It was awesome. Then you may notice that I struggle with my weight
 from time to time. I go up, I go down, I go up, I go down. I usually on a 10 to 15 pound
 fluctuation week by week. So you never know which rustle you're going to get. Every Facebook
 live is different. I was like I need to control this. I need to change my environment. So
 I went through my house and threw out all the good stuff that I like to eat. That's not good for me.
 I then hired a trainer and he was at my house this morning at 6 a.m. actually was there at 5 a.m.
 working on Dave because Dave is doing the same process and at 6 a.m. I was there working out with
 him and it was amazing. So at the office day I'm going to be shifting my environment around. I'm
 going to be raising my standing desk. It's always standing. I'm going to be bringing in my treadmill
 desk. I'm shifting my environment everywhere to try to get the thing that I actually want in life.
 Not the thing, the things. So for you what I recommend doing is number one,
 go read Ben's book. Number two, start looking because willpower is not going to get you there
 as we now know. It's the environment. So you're looking around yourself in the environment that
 you're in and see if it's conducive to give you the goal you that you actually want. If it's not,
 then shift your environment radically. So I'm doing it right now. It's a ton of fun
 and I'm going to keep doing that for next week or so until everything is flawless. It never gets
 flawless but that's kind of goal in the game plan. So all right, there you go. Three minutes
 to 17 seconds. I am now late for meeting so I got to bounce. Appreciate you guys all change
 your environment, change your life and I'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
