 Hey, what's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 I think I got a really special thing for you. You may or may not hurt
 We just launched a brand new podcast called the traffic seekers podcast
 We're having going deep and reading chapters from the traffic seekers book and give people ideas and hints and strategies and it's been it's been amazing
 anyway
 Right now. I think it's listed. We made all the way to the number top top five
 high-strength podcast in
 In iTunes with the traffic seekers new podcast and I haven't told you guys about it yet
 So I'm gonna do two things number one when you guys are done with this podcast
 I want you to go over back into iTunes and search for traffic secrets and then go subscribe to it listen rate and review
 I think there's like 10 or 15 episodes in there so far each one's about 30 minutes long
 It's me going chapter by chapter through the traffic seekers book
 And if you like it, please rate and review it, but to bribe you right now
 I'm gonna let you guys listen to the intro the intro chapter the intro episode
 So we're gonna plug that in after you get back from the theme song and when we're done to make sure you go over and
 Subscribe find the traffic seekers podcast in iTunes and subscribe listen rate and review and it'll mean the world to me
 Thanks so much, and we'll talk to you guys
 tomorrow
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way?
 But let's ask it our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey, what's up everybody this is Russell and
 I'm quarantine in my house right now, and we are going live on a couple of different places and wants to hide everybody really quick
 Okay, so I'll do awesome today
 I've got some exciting announcements. You guys pump for this
 I know that most were sitting home like wondering what to do or nervous. We're bored. We're getting prepared and
 I want to let you guys know that
 We've been killing ourselves for the last little while working on a secret project right here and you can see the project it is
 Make sure I get seeing all set up, right? It is the new
 Box that of my books. Ah, how many guys are excited get your hands on this thing?
 What this is like oh eight thousand pounds of words about how to get traffic and sale anyway
 So I'm gonna tell you guys a really quick story and I'm talking about because tomorrow
 Is the first time anybody would have a chance to buy any of these books also the brand new
 Traffic secrets actually is around order. No, that's right. Trapper secrets books
 So I'm gonna tell you guys a really quick story about what these are in case those yes
 You don't know yet, and I'll talk about how you can get your copy of traffic secrets tomorrow
 At least the audiobook version where we're opening up the funnels and pre-orders tomorrow the books
 The new books the new version hardbounds and the boxes don't actually ship till may fit
 But the audio books are all available tomorrow
 So you can start listening to them as early as tomorrow, which is exciting so all right so really quick those you don't know everything about
 What you know what this this whole thing is about fire six years ago. I wrote my very first book and it's called
 Dotcom secrets, which is the underground playbook for building
 For growing your company with online sales funnels wrote the initial version. It was a softbound book and over the last
 Man the last couple weeks
 Couple months I completed rewrote the book from the ground up
 So this is basically a new book those have read over 30 something thousand new words in here a bunch of new doodles and sketches and
 Amazingness, so this is the new version dot com secrets book
 So this is what was number one so I wrote this book a little bit after we launched cliff funnels and this book's goal was to get people to
 Start building sales funnels and we're truly really good, but what's interesting is after people got this there understanding concept
 Sales funnels how they can use this to grow any company any idea any nonprofit like whatever their business was they started using these principles
 We started watching
 Inside click funnels and seeing that some people have a lot of success with their funnels and some people didn't and so we did this huge
 like
 This huge thing we looked at over six million different funnels over 130 thousand split tests
 If you know what's the difference between a funnel that you know having a funnel and having a funnel actually makes money
 It was interesting is that what we found after I'm going through this the difference in a funnel that makes money and a funnel
 That is just a funnel where all the concepts that we taught now in expert secrets
 So I spent the next two years on a journey to write this book which is and this is the new updated version
 There's again
 I think like 40 thousand new words in this book the new the hardbound version
 So we wrote this book which is the underground playbook for converting all my visitors into lifelong customers
 Well, those who already have this book
 You know, there's new cover a new subtitle because the book has changed a lot and it's it's I'm excited
 I listen to but this book help people understand persuasion like how do you speak on every page of the funnel?
 How do you talk to people all those kind of things? This is book number two in the series
 Then came book number three, which is live going live tomorrow
 I've been killing myself on this getting there ready and tomorrow
 We're fine watching the third and final book in the trilogy
 Which is traffic secrets and this is all about how to fill your funnels and your websites with your dream customers
 Not just any customers, but your dream customers of people that you would like to spend the most time and energy with
 And ask this books about it is you guys must see how big this book is so excited
 It is
 330 pages long. There's a ton of good stuff in here and
 As of tomorrow against I chance to get it
 So what I'm gonna do today is I'm actually gonna read part of this to you
 You just want to hear something a bit
 I think I'm gonna do that every day for next little while just because I think it'd be fun to talk about it
 I'm excited because I'm in the middle of a book launch that's starting tomorrow
 So I thought it'd be fun to talk about I think I don't know if the video if this is backwards for you guys
 I may be backwards
 But this is traffic secrets if you can if you can see the right anyway
 You don't know what that with the mirror images and stuff
 But that's what this book is a traffic secrets comes out tomorrow
 In fact if you go to traffic secrets.com you get on the waiting list right now
 And you can email before it goes live also if you're interested in helping us promote it
 Which I would love it if you got Instagram Facebook YouTube following email list whatever you help us promote it tomorrow
 We are we do have an amazing affiliate program and again at traffic secrets.com you get info about that
 And if you want to interview me on your podcast or your blog or your YouTube channel again
 Traffic secrets calm all info is there and tell tomorrow when the when the new page and new fun goes live
 Which is exciting. So anyway, that's what was happening. Then Russell. What's this? What's this fourth book?
 What is the unlock the secrets books? There's one of the book that's coming out
 I'm not gonna do too much about other than it's 600 pages and it is a workbook that goes with these other books
 So anyway, there will be the ability for you guys to upgrade and get the box set if you want but
 Most part most important thing for tomorrow is knowing that this is going a lot
 So a couple things this we were gonna be shipping this or excuse me. We don't ship these so may fit
 So this is a pretty launch the way the publishers work. So it's a pretty launch
 And so your book will actually be shipped out may fit long as you order tomorrow
 It's kind of a first come first serves the sooner you order it sooner
 It'll be come out to you. So that's number one and then number two. I actually I record the audiobooks of all three of these books
 The new audiobooks and all these will be available tomorrow
 So as soon as you get this again, it'll be a little while before the book shows up
 You can start listening to it ASAP, which is exciting
 So I'm getting these concepts into your mind and stuff like that
 So how you guys are excited for that if you're excited, let me know because I'm excited. All right
 so what I'm gonna do it now is I'm gonna spend a few minutes and
 Every day for the next couple days. I'm just gonna read not read it
 But I'm gonna tell you parts of it. That sounds good. So I'm gonna jump in and today since we are when since we are working on
 The fact that that tomorrow
 This goes live. I think I'm just gonna share with you guys
 The
 introduction so the introduction if you open it up
 it says induction there's a storm coming and
 And again, I'm not gonna read it to you because I want you guys to read it
 I've already read the audiobook and it was a huge pain took me multiple days and so I want you guys to
 You know, you should get the audio books here me listen read it
 But I'm just gonna tell you guys about the introduction why this book so important especially today
 Especially in the market the one right now because right now
 We're middle chaos
 We're in the middle of a whole bunch of insanity and things happening and so this is why this book is so important today
 While we're all locked down like I'm literally at my house right now
 This is my little home office
 So I don't do much so usually I'm at my office office
 So here today because we're in lockdown and so I thought I was sharing some stuff for those guys who are same thing
 You were locked down board. So all right, so the book the introduction is called there's a storm coming. It was crazy
 Again, we're like in the middle of this storm
 I feel like and so I started the book out by telling the story about April 27 2018 who here knows why that date is so important to
 To us nerds
 That is the day that Avengers affinity war came out and if you haven't seen that movie
 There's gonna be some spoiler alerts, but in infinity or I in a in Avengers
 Oh, sorry, I'm blanking out I'm getting my super numerous so affinity war if you've seen that if not you guys
 Just pause everything go watch that tonight to the second
 Infinity War
 Thanos is the super bad guy at the biggest villain and he goes and gets his eyeshooter
 I have literally have the the affinity. I have Thanos's glove in a
 Should go grab it. I'm not gonna grab it. Someone leave you guys hanging
 But I'm guys glove up there be basically snaps his fingers and half of the universe dies, right?
 That's how the movie ends and remember actually watched it with my circle
 It's kind of crazy like we had a circle meeting the night
 It came out so we all went and we were sitting there and sent by a bunch of people
 But one of the guys I've sitting next to is paying June so he has no paying June
 He's one of my favorite people in our community and we're sitting there and after we get out of the theater
 He's like he's like Russell. You know what that's like. I'm like what he's like. He's like paying you or a
 You know Zano Athena snaps his fingers and half the world disappears. They can say the thing is true
 With a with a traffic like Zuckerberg like Zuckerberg can snap his fingers in half of the business is disappear overnight
 I was like dude
 I know I experienced that back when I was relying 100% on Google and Facebook and YouTube and things like that
 If you wonder I'm looking at different cameras, I'm streaming like different services
 So I'm paying attention to each of you individually just if you wondering why
 Anyway, I was like well, I actually remember that like I got hit by the Google flap multiple
 Like the first Google slap which was like a PPC slap and then the first SEO slap and the second one in the third one
 Like and I saw I saw it happen where entrepreneurs tons of big businesses
 You know Larry and Sergey over Google snap their fingers and half and they teach called Google Slap
 So when it wasn't snap it was a slap right half the businesses collapsed overnight
 I saw happen over and over and it gets crazy how many times I saw it happen in the last decade and
 And Zuckerberg, you know it for Facebook for a long time is super easy and everybody's getting in
 It's just like it was this amazing experience and then of course just like just like Google they started happening and and so
 Painjune and I started joking. Call it instead of Thanos and Zuckerberg
 We blend the change the end called the Zainos so the Zainos snap we're half the entrepreneurs business is disappear overnight
 It was crazy that was a you know over a year ago
 We start talking about that and as I was writing this book
 I started seeing as Facebook's are showing people's ads account stamp thing like that
 You know all sorts of craziness is happening like this is literally happening right now as writing the book
 And so right now I want you guys to understand that there's a storm coming and some of you
 Has been hit by it some of you are gonna be hit by it
 But understanding that traffic is shifting traffic is changing
 So to really figure out how to get ahead of traffic and to master it
 You have to go back in time like I didn't learn traffic like most people do most people learn traffic by they bought the newest Facebook ads
 Course they Instagram course the YouTube course. That's how they learn traffic, right?
 I learned traffic back before Facebook before my space before friends
 I remember friendster before friends I was learning this stuff back when it was like it was the wild wild west
 There was none of these things like that right and people like that
 How did you get traffic before all these these platforms came out?
 I was like it was different
 But the reason why the people I was learning from were not people teaching me the latest internet marketing hack
 I was learning from guys like Dan Kennedy Gary Halber bill Glazer Fred kittono
 I was learning from people who are doing direct mail radio newspapers classified as like these are the guys that I studied from and
 So what's interesting is that because I learned traffic from them
 Before there was these easy advertising platforms that we that we used today. We had to do things differently
 I think this is now my 16th year in this business. So I've been doing this for a long time
 I've seen the ups and the downs of every platform every network and I've seen every time his businesses
 You know snaps and half of their business dries up overnight and somehow we've been on ride the wave and the questions like well
 How how Russell if you survived and thrived during all the the economic turmoil where everybody else got demolished
 And I have friends who are making millions of dollars a month who are out of business now
 And that's been happening
 You know people man 10 years ago who I look at them
 I was like these guys are the richest people in the world and now they're working at home people and nothing wrong with that
 But it's like they lost everything they weren't able to survive because they were focused so much on a traffic tactic
 They changed the shifts and so when I said on the project right the traffic seekers book when I biggest goals
 I need to make a book that's evergreen
 That's not just a tactical fly-by that I think but something that that is strategic that last you know today tomorrow and forever
 So if and when Facebook goes away when the government regulations come and shut it down
 How do we still survive like what's the difference is how does that work?
 And so that's what this whole book the foundations book is so introduction I tell a story about the Zainos snap
 So there's the Zainos snap talk about the Google all things like that
 And it says in here one thing says two reasons why we survived what others failed
 And there are two reasons number one is we understood how to use funnels with funnels
 We can make five to ten times the much money for each visitor who clicks on her ads
 So we survived and thrive when the costs go up and number two
 We mastered the strategy not just the tactics behind getting traffic and these strategies
 We're kind of all advertising platforms in the past the present in the future if you master these strategies
 Then no slapper snap can affect the lifeblood of your company
 It says there's gonna be another storm soon just like there was a Google's happening time time again
 We know that the greatest predictor of the future is the past the storm has headed our way and thousands of entrepreneurs are unaware
 I feel like it's my moral responsibility to the hundred thousand plus members of our click phones community and the million-plus
 Entrepreneurs who follow me and to anyone else who listens prepare them for this storm
 Those who master the strategies will absorb the traffic customers and sales of those who are not prepared master these principles and you and your company will thrive
 Okay, so that's what this whole book is about and then the next section title here says an evergreen book about the fastest-changing
 Topic of all time and so that was the challenge. So how do you write a book about traffic which literally changes daily?
 And make it a book that lasts forever and I was so scared
 I spent a year stressing about this book before ever start writing. It's like I don't like I don't I don't want to
 Let it write a book that by time it's printing goes to press it
 It's no it's obsolete like I've seen that with every single traffic book and everyone's of course people created
 They launch it and they sell a bunch of and then the course has always disappeared because the courses to come obsolete
 Usually within weeks or months. I was like I want to write a book that lasts for forever
 How do you do that and it was not an easy project or easy task?
 but
 You know, I'm proud of it. I think you tell me after you get it, but I think we did something that'll last the
 The last throughout time, which is really really important for me. So
 All right, so that's kind of introduction
 So my game plan is again, I'm gonna start going through here in each damn to come live on Facebook and YouTube
 And Instagram everywhere. I'm gonna read I'm not gonna read them tell parts of each chapter
 So tomorrow I'm gonna talk about section number one your dream customer
 And we'll keep going through this entire book and if you guys enjoy the process
 Maybe I'll do the same thing with all the other books inside of the trilogy
 That'd be kind of fun. So what I want to do real quick right now is remind you guys that this book
 Book number three in the series. Dotcom secrets is number one first book expert secret number two traffic secret number three
 And then we go to unlock the secrets which workbook those all these this box that
 Well, you can't buy this online, but this may or may not be an upsell in the sequence
 I won't I don't want to be surprised for you as you go through and and
 Buy through the funnel because I would ruin every all the fun
 But when you guys buy go to traffic seekers comm tomorrow
 This book will be there. This may be the upsell
 I don't know
 But again the these books and the box that start shipping on May 5th
 So we have a little while before they ship but the audio books are available instantly instantly down the audio books are listening to
 Dotcom expert traffic tomorrow, which is insane. I spent I spent two or six seven seven days in a studio reading these books
 It was a horrible painful process
 But the books are like there the audio books are done. I got them last night. I was like, oh, it's so crazy
 They're not an audible right now. Maybe eventually the future, but you can't get them inside the funnel tomorrow
 So we get to do it right now is go to traffic seekers comm go get on the waiting list because it's go live tomorrow
 If you want to help us promote this there's links to become an affiliate at traffic seekers comm as well
 If you want to be interviewing me on a podcast or whatever
 That's all there's also links there as well to how to do all that stuff. It's all traffic seekers comm
 But this is happening you guys. This is I can't tell you how cool this is for me. This is like my life work
 This is each book is like 90,000 plus words
 It's just like what 90,000 times three and three 18
 I have no idea math hundred eighty thousand no
 No, 90,000 times three Twitter 200 70 270 thousand words in here. Huh, but this is everything I've learned in the last 15 years
 They're all ever green things
 I had to build a funnel had to communicate with you already side the funnel and I drive traffic into your funnel
 And so this is like this is everything in fact
 I wrote here on the side
 You're one funnel away
 And there's a quote says the life you want the marriage you want and the family want are gonna be fueled by the business of you bills
 And Gary J. White
 And if you look at this on sides his dot com secrets is the framework
 Expert secrets is the fire traffic secrets is the fuel and unlock secrets is your playbook to put it all together
 So anyway, this is so excited. So awesome. I need you guys all do it now
 I want you guys to be half the excited me tomorrow when you guys go through this and get your copy get a copy post
 On Facebook Instagram that I got traffic secrets. I'm freaking out and let's make some noise and get everybody excited as I am
 Anyway, but tomorrow's a big day you guys
 March 17th St. Patrick's a this is the day
 It's when this this one traffic secrets in the box that is first time you have a chance to purchase them
 And then we start shipping is this first come first serve
 So like the sooner you get yours the more likely you get yours in the mail very very quickly, which is
 Exciting I don't know I'm excited for you guys to get them and again
 They don't ship go to make fifth, but the audio books are available tomorrow
 So you can plug in and start listening tomorrow, which is awesome. So
 That's the impact. So right now everybody stop what you're doing
 Whatever you go to traffic seekers calm and go and get on the pre-launch list that way you'll get notified tomorrow when it all happens
 And what else do you do the rest of it? I know you guys are on lockdown and you're like me you're bored. I remind what am I gonna do?
 My kids are driving me nuts. So I got something for you one last thing. This is this is this is our lockdown
 Procedure for what I think everybody should be doing and it's a lot of fun
 In fact, I'm gonna give you something for afraid you can do it to yourself with your family to your kids
 Whatever you want to do, but checks out see the screen behind me. I can be refreshed. So you can see this is kind of cool
 So we just finished a new funnel that's got four amazing videos for free for you
 So this is funnel flicks calm. It's me is no funnel for this kind of Netflix only way better
 It's coming Disney plus only way better. It's kind of like
 We're in it. We entered the streaming wars recently
 So but I wanted to give you something for free just to test test it sample
 I don't know you're gonna funnel flicks calm checks out right now
 And you put your email just here. I'm actually giving him give the access to four videos for free first right here
 It's from last but not alive. I didn't tell anybody this but Frank Kern the OG of original inner marketing when the first guys
 I ever learned from actually came and spoke and we didn't tell anybody a funnel hacking live
 So he came out and surprised everyone and they flipped out
 It was like people melted down and if you've ever been our friend he's most sarcastic funny person ever
 So you actually can watch his presentation for free
 I thought I'll fix that kind the phone focus calm
 But you can you watch me here and then boom unlocks breaks video for free hundred percent no cost notes credit card
 Nothing and then that's number one the number two you can watch this video from my man Julius Dean who is on his scrams
 I kind of five or six million followers. He's a magician and he talks about how he did it
 And it's cool because he shows like his successes and failures like she is his his one mockable is there for free
 There's one for me right here. That's kind of cool. I think and anyway, so you look through there and get a free week
 Funnel flicks and give those three those are she most four videos for free
 So that's some fun you can do that doesn't cost any money that'll help get you guys learn a marketing learn
 Sales getting your mind indoctrinated on and all the things
 As you're hanging out. So number one traffic seekers calm go get your on the waiting list number two go to funnel flicks calm and go
 Watch the Frank Kern video. It's it's hilarious. You guys will freakin love Frank Kern
 Anyway, it was a great presentation was really funny. So anyway, there's some gifts for the day
 Do something to do while you're while you're in quarantine and get you prepared for the fun book launch?
 It's happening tomorrow. So anyway, appreciate you guys
 Like I'm gonna start trying stream every day and just kind of go through the books
 I'll tell you stories means chapter you guys excited and my goal is to like you so excited by telling the story inside the book
 I must buy the book
 Which the books free is cover shipping handling?
 So it's my bribe to you to buy a free book that literally I lose money on because I want you to read the book
 So anyway, I appreciate you guys have a good day and I hope you enjoy it enjoy the book
 Go to funnel flicks go watch Frank Kern's video right now and you get Julius's in mind the other ones are next couple days
 I'm walking as well and it should be a lot of fun. So that's all I got you guys appreciate you all and
 Yeah, maybe I'll do some more often
 All right, bye everybody. It's a man by Facebook YouTube everywhere all the cameras
 Thank you guys for hanging out today and we'll see you guys all soon traffic seekers calm funnel flicks calm
 Let's go. All right. See you guys. Bye
 All right, everybody. I hope you guys enjoyed that first session from the traffic secrets podcast once again
 Positive you're doing stop everything right now go over to to iTunes and search for traffic secrets
 Go find the new traffic seekers podcast subscribe
 Go listen some episodes rate and review it love to get your feedback and thank you so much again for listening and we'll talk to you all again soon
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 So you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy
 Help you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause this audio go
 Online and go to one funnel away calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
