 All right, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I hope yesterday you enjoyed part one of the click funnel
 Start up story interview at the drive our comedy club with Andrew
 I love the way he interviews. I hope you're enjoying it as well
 So we are going to dive right into part two of four from this this interview and again if you're liking these interviews
 Please please please take a snapshot on your phone post on Facebook Instagram or ever you do your posting and tag me in it
 And use hashtag marketing seekers so I can see that you're talking about it. I would appreciate it
 With that said I'm gonna keep the theme song and we come back
 We'll listen we'll start it on part two of the interview of the click funnel startup story
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 You know what I've talked to a few of your people because they're so good that Dave could really be a leader on his own
 Could start his own company's got his own online reputation the whole thing I keep asking them
 Why do you work for Russell? What is it that lets you be second to Russell who's getting all the attention?
 And I've got some answers and would you would you mind coming up here in in a second?
 I'm gonna ask you just like no come out and back here and I'll just bring you up in a second
 Actually, you know what it looks like you can come pretty fast. I thought that it would be a little bit more
 No, I thought I thought it would be more of a thing to get mics on people and I realize if collect can do and okay honestly
 Dig down deep. Why why did you want to stick with him?
 Through through all that stuff. Yeah
 I don't know my heart was racing you started telling that story just makes me like sick my stomach as you just scroll down and look at all those
 businesses of like for years like just like every every 30 days was a new business launch that give us
 He was crazy
 How he's why I stuck with him is is
 You know Clinton mentioned that spirit like just
 he's absolutely different than anybody else have ever met my entire life like
 Give me an example. Let's be more specific back then not today when he's got this track record adoring fans
 I asked him to do an interview everyone wants him on his podcast back then when it wasn't going so well
 Give me an example of something that he did to let you know
 This is a guy who's gonna figure it out eventually and I could possibly go down watch him go to jail
 But I believe that it's gonna go up
 Well at the time when when things are crashing, you know, I saw him I saw him as
 The income stopped and he had started a program
 He loves office wrestling and he had he brought Olympic wrestling coach to Boise and he brought all these amazing wrestlers
 of Boise and he wanted them to build the train and get to the Olympics he wanted to help him get there and live their dream and
 You know, he was he was supplementing, you know the time the business was paying for these guys to do some little bit
 I'd work for us. They weren't doing very much for us
 but I saw him out of his own pocket be paying for these guys and and
 I knew how hard he wanted to support them and and there was a day that you know
 My wife and I we were we were struggling because I just I was concerned about him, you know financially
 he was he was supplementing his trying to keep this business afloat and
 We talked about things and I came into the office one day and and I asked if I could talk to him and sat down and
 Kind of spoken language that I'd normally don't speak in I might have dropped a a bomb or two
 But it was it was I was I was so concerned. I pretty much told him like I
 Can't keep doing this. I can't keep watching you. You know every month pulling the money you save for your family
 To try to try, you know keep jobs for other people like I said
 I will I'll leave you know if that that helps you and
 and the fact that he
 he did he stuck with he stuck with people and
 That was the true character who he is he kept paying your salary kept sticking with you and also constantly launching things
 You were telling me before absolutely you've never seen anyone implement like him
 No, no, you know some people call it faith or belief like he has this inherent like belief that he can truly change people's lives
 That's it even when he wasn't even when he wasn't fully in control of his own. All right. Thanks. Thanks for giving a big round of applause
 I feel like this is the thing that helped get you out of trouble and
 potentially out of get it in out of potential jail what
 What is this what is this business that you created? Yeah, so we
 So during the time of that and this there was there was time
 It's probably a year and a half two years that we were trying all sorts of stuff and again marginal success on a lot of them
 nothing like and this was the one we actually
 This was before we've done a lot of webinars and speaking from seminars and stuff like that
 but this is right when auto webinars are coming out and Mike Phil some interesting auto webinar a couple people and like
 I feel like that was gonna be the future things right
 but what do we do the webinar on we didn't know and
 We flew out to Ryan Dyson Perry Belter's office for like two days and picked their brains
 It's like to rich chef friends office for day and then on the flight home
 I just like six of my stomach. I couldn't figure out like what's the thing that we can serve people with the most right now and
 on the flight home, I was like I'm like all the internet marketing stuff we do works for like internet marketers
 works way better like local business like a chiropractor implements like two things it works if
 Dentists does it like I don't want to be the guy going to dentists
 But like we could be the backbone for that
 What if we create an opportunity where people come in we train them and we connect them with the right tools and resources
 Then they could go and sell it to to to chiropractors and dentists and that's what the idea was we credit turned into an offer called dot-com
 Seeker's local it was a thousand dollar offer at the time did with the auto webinar for it and it launched within
 Within 90 days they've done over a million dollars which covered
 Payroll taxes and then got it got us out of debt to point out we could like stop and like dream again and like believe again
 Try to figure out what we really wanted to do dot-com secrets local
 To a million dollars within 90 days and how did you find the people who are going to sign up for this a lot of us
 We'll have landing pages like this. We'll have these funnels. How did you get people in this funnel?
 Yeah, and this is pre-Facebook too, so it's like it wasn't just like go turn Facebook ads on
 But you know one thing that happened over the lot, you know all the years prior to this
 I met a lot of people I've got a lot of events and get to know everybody and
 Everyone I met that you know you meet a lot of people who have lists they have followings they have different things like that
 I just got to know them really really well and
 and in the past I
 She's met promote a lot of their products
 They've put on my products
 And so we had this one and we did it first to my list and it did really well
 And so I then called them like hey I did this webinar my list
 These are the numbers did awesome
 Do you want to do it to your list as well?
 And they're like oh sure that sounds like a great offer we did that list and they did good for them too
 And we told the next person and then and if you have a webinar that good it's kind of like it's like the speaking circuit
 Right like if you're good at speaking then people put you all over the place
 Same thing if you have a webinar that converts then it's easy to get a lot of people to do it
 So soon that one worked and it converted well
 then people lined up and we just kept doing it doing it doing it and and
 It was really quick to get that spot pretty quick
 I was on Facebook recently and I saw webinar slides from Russell Brunson
 I went to a landing page click funnel page and I signed up and I'll talk about it maybe later, but
 I
 Bought it and I know other people did and I've seen other people say Russell's webinar technique is the thing that just works
 I'm wondering how you figured it out. How did you come across this and how did you build it to make it work?
 Yeah, so rewind back
 My probably ten years prior to this it was when I was first learning this whole business
 And which my very first internet marketing seminar ever was arm and morn's big seminar. Do you ever go to big seminar?
 Anyway, I went to it and I had no idea what to expect
 I thought it was gonna be like am I sure my laptop and I was gonna like I thought we're a bunch of geeks gonna do computer stuff
 And the first person got on stage and they started speaking and at the end of it
 He sold like a $2,000 thing
 I'd never seen this before I saw people jumping up and running to the back of the room to buy it
 And I'm like this little like 23 year old kid and I was counting the people in the back of them doing the math
 I mean, you know doing the math
 I was like that guy made like $60,000 in an hour and next I gets up his presentation and I watch this for three days
 And I was like I'm super shy and introverted like I that skill is worth learning if I someone can walk on a stage and make
 $2,000 an hour like I need to learn how to do that and so I started that and it was really bad for the first
 Man probably eight or nine months like I tried to do I go to places and I just I couldn't figure it out
 And then I started asking the people who were good
 So you'd go there and all the speakers kind of talking hang out and I watch the ones that always had like all the people
 Are in the back the room and I'd ask them questions
 I'm like what what did I do wrong like I feel like I'm teaching the best stuff possible and they're like that's the problem
 Like it's not about teaching. It's about touring it's telling Tori telling stories and breaking beliefs and and so for
 The next about two years
 I was about once a month flying somewhere to speak and then when I would go I'd meet all the speakers and find out what they were doing
 I'd watch them
 I take notes and different things they were saying and how they were saying it and I kept taking my presentation and tweaking it and tweaking it and
 tweaking it and
 You know now 12 years later done it so many webinars like
 Kind of work
 The process works now you are a really good storyteller and I've seen you do that and you've seen you do it here
 I know you're gonna do even more
 What I'm curious about is the belief system that you were saying breaking people's what was it that you said?
 False beliefs breaking people's false beliefs. How do you understand what like as you look at this audience?
 Do you understand what some of some of our false beliefs are if I know I was selling I could figure out for sure if you knew what you were selling
 all right, we're we're selling this belief that entrepreneurship does work and
 I know that we're all gonna go through a period like some of the ones that you had where things just aren't working
 Other people aren't believing any else. It's almost failure
 What's at that point the belief system that we have to work on what do you recognize in people here?
 So usually there's like three core beliefs that people have the first is about like the opportunity itself, right?
 So like the entrepreneurship like the first belief that people have is like can I actually be an entrepreneur?
 And so some people who already believe that they're like I'm in they that's like an easy one
 But for those who don't there's a reason and you just like they saw a parent that tried to do it and the parent
 Try to be an entrepreneur wasn't able to and they saw that failure or they tried in the past and they failed or whatever it is
 And so it's it's showing them that like even if you tried in the past and showed different ways like let me tell you story like and for me
 I could show 800 different failures
 But there's like but eventually you get better and you get better and you get better to eventually have the thing that actually works
 So I tell a story to kind of show that to make them believe like oh my gosh
 Maybe I just need to try a couple more times and the second level of belief is like beliefs about themselves
 Like I sure it works for you Russell or Andrew
 But not for offer me because I'm different it's helping them figure out their faults beliefs
 And if you can break that then the third one is like then they always want to blame somebody else like oh like
 I could lose weight but my wife has lots of cupcakes and candies like I I could do it
 But because that I can't since like figuring out
 Well, how do you break the beliefs of like the external people that are gonna keep them and how would you know what that is?
 How would you know who the external?
 Influencers are that your potential customers are worried about I think for most of us is because the thing that we're selling is something that
 That one of our Nick barely said our mess becomes our message like for most of us
 What we're selling is the thing that we struggled before so I think back my I think back about Mike
 Me is 12 year old Russell watching down the pre like what would have kept me back?
 And I'm like I can't afford classified ads like if you show me like how I can like if you can tell me a story like oh my gosh
 I couldn't afford classified ads that beliefs gone now
 I'm gonna go give you money and just kind of remembering back to the state where you were in when you were trying to figure this stuff out as well
 It was who was it who I met when we were coming in here?
 We said that they're part of Russell's mastermind and I asked how much did you pay you said I'm not telling you I
 I can't see who that person was but I know you've got a mastermind people coming in
 I'm wondering how much of it comes from that working with people directly seeing them in the group share openly and then saying
 Ah, this is what my potential customers are feeling 100% at this point especially
 People always asking like where do you go Russell to learn stuff?
 And it's my mastermind because I bring because all the people come in and they're all in different industries and you see that you see the roadblocks
 for people back
 But then they also share like the stuff that they're doing and it's like that's 100% now is where I get most of my my entail
 Because people ask me why give the software company why in the world you have a mastermind group
 It's like because the reason why our software is good is because we have the mastermind group where they're all crowd sourcing
 They're doing all this stuff and bring it back to us and then we're able to make shifts and pivots based on that
 Somehow we just lost Apple, but that's okay
 It's back good. There we go
 This is the next thing rippling right I
 Forgot it for that one in there. I went back and I watched the YouTube video explaining it. It's a it's a cartoon
 I thought it was a professional voiceover artist. No, it's you you really comfortable getting on stage and talking
 But basically in that video that you guys can see in the top left of your screen. It's Russell
 Through this voiceover and cartoon explaining look you guys were around the early days of Facebook
 You told your friends here's how many friends you would have said for the sake of numbers
 Let's say you told seven people let's say they still told seven people and that's how things spread and the same thing happened with Pinterest
 And all these other sites don't you ever wish then instead of making them rich by telling stuff?
 You made yourself rich. Well, here's how rippling comes in
 And then you you created it and rippling was what?
 So rippling was actually one of my friends
 Ideas and and he is a network marketing guy. So he's like we're sure we're building network marketing program
 and I I'd like dabble the network marketing ever been involved with it and he came in was like hey
 Be part of this. I was like no and they sold this on the whole pitch and the idea network market was really good
 and selling on vision and I was like, okay, that sounds awesome and
 And my role was to write the right the pitch
 And so I wrote the the pitch did the voiceover to the video and then we launched it and we had in six weeks
 It was like 1.5 million people signed up for rippling and I thought it was like this is the thing
 I'm done like my downline was like half of the company and I was like when this thing goes live like it's gonna be amazing and then
 The tech side of it what we were promising people in this video that
 The main developer ended up dying and he had all the codes
 They had to restart building in the middle of this thing and like all it was like thing after thing and by the time
 I finally got done everyone lost interest for like eight months later and like I think my biggest check
 I got was like 47 bucks from the whole thing
 I was just like I spent like six months of my life. It was
 It's like a penny a day
 It's horrible
 I'm just wondering whether I should ask this or not. I'll go for it
 So I stopped asking about religion, but I get this sense that you believe that
 that
 That there's a spiritual element here that keeps you from seeing my down loud and growing the whole thing's working
 Do you is any of this does it feel divinely inspired to you be honest?
 Business or business life success things working out so much so that when you're at your lowest
 You feel like there's some divine guidance some divine hand that says Russell
 It's gonna work out Russell. I don't know if I got you, but I know you got this go do it. I feel that from you and I
 Yeah, I hundred percent believe that you do every bit of it
 I believe that
 That God gives us talents and gifts and abilities and then watches who would do that and if we do good
 He gives us increases our capacity to more if we do good
 They give it more if you're burning capacity that if you do good if you use what God gives you then you
 You get more and so you think that that is
 Your duty to do that and if you don't do more if you don't pick yourself up after ripplin
 You have let down God. Do you believe that? Is that it?
 Or that you haven't lived you express it. Yeah, I don't think I feel like I let down God
 but I definitely like
 Haven't lived up my potential pretend, you know, but also I feel like a lot of stuff
 Like as I was putting in the document all the pages like
 It's interesting because like each one of them looking in hindsight
 Like each built upon to the next thing in the next and there's twice we tried to build click funnels
 And each one like was the next level and each one is a stepping stone like ripplin if I would have done ripplin
 Like that was my very first like viral video. We ever created I learned how to pitch things
 I'm like when we do the click funnels initial sales video like like
 Because I had done this one like I knew how to do this one, right? Yeah, so for me, it's less of like I let down God as much as like
 um
 It's just like the the piece and it's like what are you gonna do with this?
 You're gonna do something with it and then it doesn't mean it's gonna be successful
 But it means it's like if you do well with this and we're gonna increase your capacity for the next step and the next thing
 But we definitely and especially in time the office we talk less a lot like we definitely feel what we do as a spiritual mission like it's you do
 100 yeah, I know I don't think that it's just like we're lucky. I think the way that
 The people have come the the partnerships like how was created is super inspired
 You know what a lot of us are selling things that are software
 PDF guy does that it's really hard to find the bigger mission in it. You're finding the bigger the bigger mission in funnels
 what is
 What is that bigger mission what how really how do you connect with it because you're right if you can find that bigger meaning?
 Then the work becomes more meaningful and the people you're working with become like
 It's it's more exciting to work with and more meaningful to do it. How did you find it in funnels? What is the meaning?
 so for us um and I'll think about some of my members in the inner circle, but um
 So right now as of I think today, we had 68,000 members and click funnels, which is like the big number we all brag about but
 For me, it's like that's 68,000 entrepreneurs each one has a gift, right?
 And so I think about one like one member. I'll I'll mention his name is Chris work
 He runs crispy's cancer crispy cancer calm
 And Chris was someone who came now with cancer and given the death sentence and instead of going through chemotherapy decided
 I'm gonna see if I can heal myself and he he did clear yourself of cancer
 And then instead of just like cool and go back into work
 He's like man. I need to help other people and so we started the blogs are doing some things
 And and now he's gotten this thing when he's helped thousands and thousands of people naturally cure themselves of cancer
 And that's one of our 68,000 people right see you're focusing on him where I think a lot of us would focus on
 Here's one person who's just a smarmy marketer and here's who's creating right, but you don't that's not who you are
 Look, I see you in your eyes. You're shaking your head. That's not it at all. It's not even fun
 Because for me, it's like I get the eye understanding. I get all the time people like oh, he's this guy
 It's timey marketer like the first time people meet me all the time first time they introduced that's a lot of times the first impression
 And they get closer and they feel the heart and it's just like oh my gosh like this is
 Like I had you wrong. I get that all the time from brian brian
 Sorry ryan and brad or either of them here
 Would one of you come up here?
 Yeah, come on up because they they felt that way, right?
 I don't know by them. Oh, I know I don't think about
 Oh, I guess there was a Theron, please. Oh, is it the other? No, no stay up here stay up here as long as you're here
 Theron come on up, but there wasn't me I'm going to back up. You're nervous?
 There's different stories different story head
 Do I come up?
 Theron had no idea. We're bringing them on stage
 Come on over here. Let's stand in the center so we can get you on camera. Is this help?
 Want me to just stare real quick? Yeah, please so Theron is one of the harmer brothers. They almost do the viral video for us
 I heard that you felt that he was a scam that
 What was what was the situation and how did you honestly feel? I don't know that it well
 You know, I know I know I I don't I don't think that I felt like click funnels itself was a scam
 but that
 It just felt like that so many of the
 The ways that the funnels were built and the types of language they were using
 It was just not it felt like it was that side of the internet, right? And so
 I I became very um
 Well, basically we were we we were kind of in a desperate situation where we had a
 A video that had not performed and not worked out the way we wanted it to work out the video that you created for a wrestle?
 No for another client. Okay, and so
 One our CEO had used click funnels product to help drive
 I think it was attendance to to a big video event
 And so he had some familiar
 familiarity with the product and so
 He goes to Russell and at the same time Russell's like, I'm a big fan of you guys and he's coming to us and these things are happening
 Yeah, it was almost the same day and and so we're thinking like this and we're like well
 They seem to really know how to drive traffic to really know how to drive conversion
 And we feel like we know how to drive conversion as well
 Um, but for some reason we missed it on this one
 And so we're like well, let's do a deal. What do you say missed it? What do you okay? Go ahead? Go ahead and deal
 Okay, we're failing our client. We weren't getting them an ROI. Okay, and so we said let's do a deal with Russell
 And we'll have our internal team compete with his team
 And we're humble enough to say hey, we're failing our client
 We want our client to succeed
 Let's bring in their team and see if they can make a funnel that can bring up the bring down the cost per acquisition
 Bring up the return on investment for our client and they were able to do it, right?
 And then we said well what we'll do is we'll we'll write a script
 We'll take you through our script writing process
 But we don't want to we don't want to do the video because we don't want to be a affiliate
 The contract said you can't tell anyone ever the harbor browser of the script where you
 Wow because you didn't want to be associated with something that you thought was a little too scammy for it
 Yeah, we just didn't want our brand kind of brought down to their brand
 which is super arrogant and and really wrong headed and and
 In any case so we go into this script writing or training and we and we I wasn't following his podcast
 I wasn't listening to enough. I mean red.com secrets those kinds of things are like wow
 There's some really valuable stuff here. This is really interesting
 And then as we got to know each other and really started to connect like he said heart to heart and to feel
 What he's really about and the types of team the people that he surrounds himself with
 He's like wow, these are really really good people and and they have a mission here
 That's that they feel and they and and just like we feel that about our own group and in any case
 By the end of that two-day retreat, we're like all off in private saying
 uh
 First of all, we like what we've written second of all we'd really like to work with these guys
 And I think we're
 Plenty happy being connected to them and associated with them
 And so it's been a ride and a blessing ever since
 So what
 Anyway, we love them. All right. Give them a big round. Yeah
 Thanks
 This was pivotal for you guys
 Lead pages this is an article about how lead pages raised five million dollars
 You saw that and you thought
 Well, what happened was Todd so Todd's are the co-founder click funnels
 And he was working once the time he would he would fly to boys about once a quarter
 We work on on the next project, you know new idea and that morning he woke up and he saw that
 And then he uh, formed me the article and he's elantis
 So it's east coast i'm still in bed and then he's got a four-hour flight to boisey
 And he's just like getting angry because Todd is Todd's like a genius like
 he he literally he landed in boys and he saw me he's like we can build lead pages tonight
 I will clone it. I will beat it will he launch us this week while we're here like he's
 And he's not good of a developer like he
 Like i've never seen someone code as fast and as good as him
 He's he's amazing, right?
 And so he comes and he's mad because he's like this is the stupidest side in the world
 I we literally clone this let's just do it and i'm like, yes
 Let's clone it and we're all excited and then he's like do you want me adding other features while i'm doing it?
 I'm like
 Oh, yes
 Um, we should do this and we should do this and then the scope creep from the marketer comes
 And we end up spending the entire week in front of a whiteboard mapping out all my dreams
 Like if we could do this and this and what's that a shopping cart?
 What if we could do upsells and what if we could actually move things on the page instead of just having it sit there
 And what if and tods has taken notes and everything and then he's like, can't think it can do this
 And he told me he's like though, but if I do this I don't I don't want to do this as like as an employee
 I want to do this as a partner
 and um
 I first I was like, uh, because I've never won to do the partnership thing and then
 Um, the best decision i've ever made in my life outside marrying my wife was saying yes to tod
 I said let's do it and then he flew home and and built quick funnels
 Wow
 And
 This is after trying software so much. I have screenshots of all the different
 It's not even worth going into it of all the different products you created. There was one about it was digital repo
 right
 digital
 digital repo man
 what was
 So I used to sell ebooks and stuff people would steal and then email to their friends and I get
 Can I can I read this how to protect every type of low life and other form of human scum
 From cheating you from the profits you should be making by hijacking stealing and illegally
 Prostituting
 Dada thought your online digital products there and why did you think we were uh just kidding?
 So no, it was a really cool product that would like you take an ebook and it would like protect it
 And then if somebody like gave it to their friend you could push a button would like take back access
 It was the might it was like the coolest thing in the world
 We thought and there was software that was going to attach your ad to any other software that was out there
 There was software that was going to
 What are some of the other ones?
 It's gonna hit me later on but we're talking about a dozen different pieces of software a dozen different attempts to software what what's the one
 I thought somebody remembered one of them. It just
 The kind of stuff you'd never think of there was one that was kind of like click funnels an early version of click funnels for landing pages
 Why did you want to get into software when you were teaching creating membership sites? What was software?
 What was it that was drawing you in?
 I think honestly when I first learned this internet marketing game the first mentor
 I had the first person I saw was a guy named Armin Morn and Armin had all these little software products like e-cover generator, sales letter generator
 Everything generator and so that's what I kept seeing I was like I need to create
 Dude, I need to create software because he made software in fact
 I even shifted my major from I can remember what was before to computer information systems
 I like I don't learn how to code because I couldn't afford programmers
 And then um and that's kind of just what I've seen it's like and then I was trying to think of ideas for software and every time I would
 Get stuck instead of trying to like
 Find something to do I like and we just buy me hire a guy to go build that and then I can sell somebody else as well
 That's kind of how it started
 And it was a lot of different tools a lot of different attempts
 And then this one was the one that you went with I think this is an early version of the home page basically saying coming soon sign up
 The first one didn't work out
 And then you saw someone else on a forum who had a four who had a version that was better
 What was his name?
 This is I think always my gender. Yes. Okay. So
 Yes, the story was so we we taught about the first version click funnels and
 And dylan who became one of our co-founders. I've been working with dylan as a designer for about six years prior
 And he is hands and we talked about earlier. He's the best designer. I've ever seen in my life. He is amazing
 He would he would but he's also this is the pros and cons of dylan like he
 I've talked about some stage of fun life. So I have no problem saying this and he would he would agree
 But I give him a project and I couldn't he wouldn't respond back to me
 I don't hear from him for two or three months and then one day in the middle night he messaged him. He's like he's like hey
 Rent student Mario you have any projects for me?
 And I'd be so mad at him and I look back at every project
 We've done the last three or four months that other designers have done and I would just like reset them all to the list like
 Boom game 12 sites and I go to bed. I wake up five or six hours later and all of them were done
 Perfectly amazing like some of the best designs ever and then he sent me a bill for whatever and I send him money
 And he disappeared again for like five months and I could never get ahold of it
 And then like I need to tweak something he's just gone and that was like my pattern for six years with him
 Um, and then fast forward to when Todd and I were building click funnels
 Um, we were at traffic conversion and we were up in the hotel room at like three in the morning trying to we're on dribble.com
 Trying to find a UI designer to help us and we couldn't get ahold of all these people and also on skype dylan popped in
 I saw a scene pop up. I was like Todd dylan just showed up. He was like he needs some money. I'm like I guarantee he needs money
 so I'm like hey man
 and
 And dylan message back he's like hey, I'm like do you some money? He's like yeah, you got any projects? I'm like yes
 I do I'm like
 We built a school thing that's called click funnels
 But the UI is horrible and the editor's horrible and there's any way we can hire you for a week to fly to boisey and just do all the UI for every single
 Page of the app and um
 He kind of said no at first because I'm developed my own website builder
 I'm gonna spend like six years on it. So I can't do it. He had something that was essentially click funnels, right?
 Yeah, it was just pages though. So we'd just do pages. There's no right
 Closer to lead pages. We've been just but amazing to move things around but he didn't tell me that he's so I'm working on something
 So eventually we got him to come he flew to boisey spent a week did all of our UI
 And then we went and we launched our beta to my list so we launched beta. We got some signups and then like a week before
 Um the launch launch was supposed to happen all the affiliates were lined up
 Everything was supposed to happen. He sends me that I don't know if he sent you the video
 But he sends me this little video
 That's like a 30 second video of him demoing the edit his editor he built and I probably watched that video
 I don't know least a hundred times and I was sick to my stomach because I was like I hate click funnels right now
 I can't move things on my pages. I can't do anything
 I was just and I sent to Todd and then I hear from him for like an hour he messaged him back
 He's like I'm pissed. I'm like me too and like what do we do and I was like we have to have his editor
 I don't even want to sell this thing like it and
 And I called the only I'm like would you be willing to sell and he's like no I'm doing it
 I'm selling it and we're gonna sell for a hundred bucks and it's like hundred dollars one time for this editor that
 Design all the websites and I was like dude
 it is worth so much more in that please and we spent all night going back and forth negotiating and
 Finally it came down like I will give you this editor if we can if I can be a co-founder and be a partner
 and
 Todd and I sat there and brainstormed me and figured out if we could do it finally said yes and then
 him and
 Dylan and Todd flew back to Boise in for the next week to sat in a room with a whole bunch of caffeine and figured out how to
 Smush Dylan's editor into click funnels to get the editor
 Um to be the editor that you guys know today
 Want more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert seekers calm
 And book number two is called dot com secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non vc back sass startup company in the world
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
