 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I hope you enjoyed episodes one and two of
 The interview with Andrew Warner at the drive our comedy club where he was telling the clickfuddle startup story
 I hope you're enjoying this interview series so far
 And I hope also that this motivates you guys to go over to the mixtures you podcast and subscribe to everything the Andrew does
 Like I said, he is my favorite interview
 And I think that what he does is second to none
 So I hope you guys enjoy him as well and go to subscribe to the to the mixture you podcast
 But without said we're cute theme song we come back we will start in to part three of the clickfuddle startup story interview
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 I actually got I did see I don't know if I didn't see the video you mentioned but I did see what it looked like
 Here's one of the first versions
 He compared it to clickfunnels. He said look at I mean to lead pages
 He said look at how lead pages has their stuff all the way on the left all the controls
 Oh, you can't see it. Oh, let me try it again
 Let me see if I can bring up the screen because this is just it's just too good
 Hang on a second. I
 I'm just constantly amazed by how you're able to draw people to you. So this is the article from lead pages
 This is the first landing page for clickfunnels. This is what he created before
 This is what you guys did together. This is your editor and he said look
 If you're on lead pages their controls are editors all the way on the left and it's just moving the main content to the right
 Which is not looking right and I he said prefer something that looks like this with a hundred pixels on the left a hundred
 Pixel who knows a hundred pixels like you what is this don't obsess about that kind of something
 I'm obsessed and you draw people like that you draw people like Dave who's just phenomenal
 Dave wait the traffic and conversion event that he was just talking about is that the one that you went to
 The one after that okay, we'll come back to that in a second then so this became your next version
 You brought on a new partner and then you did a webinar with this guy. Who's this guy?
 It's Mike Philce and when my first friend's online
 It actually wasn't a webinar it was a live event
 He was doing a live event in San Diego and he's like you have to come and sell clickfunnels
 I was like nobody's buying clickfunnels. They're free trial and like we couldn't give it away like it was just it was crazy
 He's like well you're on this you're on this website
 Like your pictures are you have to some sell click funnels and I need yourself for at least a thousand bucks because the way it works
 You speak some of the vent and you sell something you split money 50/50 so they he's at least a thousand dollars
 I was like all bummed out. I didn't want to do it and the vent actually started and they were streaming live online
 So I was sitting in our office and boys watching it as I'm like putting together my slides
 To to create clickfunnels and then flew out to the event
 We had a booth
 I don't know if I told you this we had a booth and lead pages had a booth right across the like a little hallway skinny hallway
 And Todd's wife was manning our booth and then lead pages right there
 It was so funny because she was like not shy at all about talking about
 Pages she's like yeah, we're like lead pages except for way better
 And we can do this and this and the other guys sitting there like right in front of her
 She's telling them everything and it was an anyway. I digress. It was pretty funny, but by the way, she's still at it
 I saw video that you guys created
 You were talking to her and she goes I will be clickfun. Oh wait a minute you
 You still have that fire. Okay, so so you have that event so the other van and there's probably I can't remember
 150 200 people maybe in the room and so I got slides up and Dylan was there and he was like we got the
 Funnels he was gonna demo the editor and so I did the whole thing. I showed show the presentation and we demoed click funnels
 We did the thing and then of it I sold and I've been good at on stage
 But by far that was the first time in probably eight years
 I've seen a table rush where people are like stepping over the things jumping around trying to get to the back to buy as fast as they could
 What did you say to get them to want to do that? We made a really I mean
 The gave the presentation give a really good offer and they get a year of clickfunnels for free plus they were gonna get training
 Plus they're gonna get all its other things. It was like a thousand dollar training and a year click funnels for free
 And then they become long-term members and it was it was also like called
 Funnel hackers funnel funnel hacks and that's the thing that became like the culture this
 Culture this tribe it wasn't just that they were signing to learn from you. They were becoming funnel hackers
 You that's it. I mean that wasn't planned though. It was like I was trying to name a sexy name for the tithe presentation
 So I'm like funnel hacks and somebody own funnel hacks calm
 I'm like I'm still in the presentation that way and then yeah
 Then later we made teachers to funnel hackers and then like now we got a four or five people have tattooed that to their bodies
 It's really weird
 but
 Anyway, but yeah, that's what happened so we did that we sold it
 I remember going to an eye with the guys who were there and Todd and his wife and everything and we're all excited
 So we made some money finally, but I was just like you guys are understanding like I've spoken on a lot
 Of stages. I haven't seen a table rush like that
 I was like and I remembered back there was a guy he passed away a couple years ago
 His name is Fred katana and he was the radio guy. He was the guy who did the the radio commercials for
 You guys remember
 I've got the guy from Star Trek on it. What's his name? Price line?
 He did the price line radio commercials made that guy a billionaire
 And he told me when we were in the radio
 I said this was gonna happen we're gonna test your ad if it works
 I'm gonna call you on the phone and I'm gonna let you know you're rich
 Because if it works is like means it's you're gonna be rich and so I remember going down
 I told you guys said just yes, no like we're rich like what do you mean?
 I'm like we made you know made a hundred fifty thousand dollars. I'm like no no like
 The way people respond to that. I've never seen that my life
 Like we're rich like that would like to respond straight from that. I've never seen and then you went to webinar after webinar after webinar
 I'm the flight home that day. I'm texting everybody I've ever met I
 Got the I got a hot offer this webinar crushed it
 We just closed whatever send the room at Phil same event who wants to do it and it starts filling up the calendar
 And the idea was and you told me you did two to three is some days and the idea was they would sell somebody on of course
 And then their members would then hear how your software and your funnel hacking technique would help up what they just bought
 And then they would sign up you're still excited. I can see it in your face and then this thing took off and then
 You started doing an event for your culture community
 And this guy spoke Tony Robbins. Oh, yeah, there's Tony one of the first ones was he at the very first one now
 He came to the the third one was first we had him come to yeah
 Why why do an event? Why do your own live event? So we've done events in the past
 I know like events are good
 I'd sworn off him because the last event we did I think we sold three or four hundred tickets and less than a hundred people showed up
 And I was like so embarrassed
 I was like we'll never do events again and as soon as this soon's click phones launch
 It was growing everyone's like we want to do a meetup. We should do an event. We should have all the customers kept asking and
 Against my I didn't really want to do it
 but at the same time I was launching my book and I'd want a Ferrari in this
 affiliate contest
 I was like what if we did an event and we had the Ferrari there and then we gave it away and then we were
 We had other ideas for like giving away other cars and just became this like big exciting thing and eventually turned into an event and that was the first
 funnel hacking live event in
 Vegas and we had about 600 people that one that showed up and that's where it all kind of it all started and it built how much
 How many people you up to now last year with 3,500 people and we're on track to have about 5,000 this year's event
 5000
 Yeah, those are free tickets. These tickets a thousand dollars
 So how much is that total revenue from the event what we yeah, so ticket sells
 You know last year is three and a half million this will be over five
 But then at the event we sell coaching so last year we made 13 million in coaching sales at the event as well
 Wow, would you come up here for a second Dave? Do you guys know Dave? Yeah?
 You know it was amazing
 That's amazing
 I saw a video you guys have this vlog now
 Beautifully shot vlog you guys went to Salesforce's conference you're looking at the booths and in the video
 Do you remember what you did as you saw the different booths? I?
 Think that when I went asked what the price would be to the booths were yes, and then you multiply it
 He's like you're not enjoying the event. You're
 How much?
 10,000 a hundred that's like wow right you do this all the time yeah if you
 If there's a lot of money in an event like that and you think and if this was not your event
 You would be doing the same calculation trying to figure out how much they brought in today
 Wow, we all right when you went to Salesforce did you calculate how much money they probably did from their event?
 We were doing that all the whole time. Absolutely. We saw the building you had to know oh my gosh you
 61 stories
 Why why do you guys want to know that why does?
 How does that?
 In four I want to understand your drive as a company and I feel like this is a part of it
 Figuring out how much money other people making using that for fuel somehow tell me I think it actually goes back to
 Russell and his wrestling days
 We had the experience of gosh
 that the experience of going to Chicago right after that and
 Super just exhausted and it was one of those things where he literally landed we walked down and we're underneath
 the tarmac and
 All of a sudden Russell goes from just being totally exhausted to a massive state change where he literally is right back
 Where he was with his dad and he and his dad were walking that same path to go to I think it was nationals
 and I saw Dan usher who was doing filming capturing that moment and
 It's that type of a thing for Russell where all of a sudden it's the dream where as soon as you see it
 It can then happen and Russell's been just amazing at modeling and again. It's not the whole idea as far as
 Just going at a rapid rapid speed. I mean it's ready firing
 It's not you gawking at the sales force
 What's the sales force been called dream force dream force? It's not you gawking at how well sales forces event dream forces doing
 It's not you having envy or just curiosity. It's you saying it's possible. This is us. That's it totally possible
 Totally possible we could get there and when you're sizing up the building you can found out how much a building cost
 Most people go where's the bathroom?
 How much is the building there's a number it's you saying we could maybe have that
 We can't have it. Yeah, got it. All right, and so
 Let's go back a little bit. I asked you about traffic and conversion because the very first traffic and conversion conference you went to you guys were nobodies
 Nobody came and saw you we were putting out the north 40 pasture way way way way way far away
 And some people would say one day I'll get there
 You told Russell today we're gonna get there
 Well Russell wanted he was speaking and so whenever you're speaking an event. It's important you fill a room like this and
 There's nothing worse than having an event and having no one show up
 It's just the worst feeling in the world and so he's like gosh
 You know all we need is I gotta find some way of getting people into the event. He says I wish we had like
 Some girls who could just hand out t-shirts or just do something and is like we're in San Diego. That's like my hometown
 It's just a number it comes down to a number how many want and so we ended up having within an hour
 So we had five girls there who were more than happy to dance around and give out t-shirts and fill the room
 And the room was full packed packed and why wouldn't you say one day the next time we come to traffic and conversion the 10th time
 We're gonna do it. Why didn't have to be right there? It's always now. It's always now. It's always now
 It's never gonna be the next funnel. It's never gonna be the next product on it's like I'm gonna do whatever we can right now and
 The next one and the next one. That's it. That's what you are. That's how it works. And now you're a partner in the business
 83 million dollar so far this year you got a piece of that. Yes
 Just check it. Do you get to take profits home now? We do you do you personally do yes. Are you a millionaire?
 Things are really good
 Millionaire good from ClickFunnels. Yes, really yes. Wow
 And you're another one I was driving I said what was it about Russell that made you work for him?
 What was it? And you said I've never seen anyone implement like him
 Give me an example early days something that he implemented. You know what forget that
 Let's not go back for Russell as a team you guys have gotten really good at implementing
 Give me an example one thing that you're just stunned by we did it it came out of nowhere
 We could have been distracted by funnel software. We could have been distracted by the next book
 We did this thing. What is it? You're here on this stage with JP and this was what six weeks ago?
 And this whole thing just came from an idea. I heard you use boxer. Why do you use boxer?
 Not that no, because you'd like to talk into it. Yeah, you can fast-forwarding listen to forex speed
 You can for the messages people really easily it's awesome. It's just train of thought boom
 Here's what I think we're gonna know it's not that I heard it's I have a secret project
 I'll tell you guys about it later, and they also are freaking out. Oh, it's now secret project
 I don't know what it is. It's gonna be exciting. They don't know what it is gonna be a joke
 That how it started this one I was cleaning my wrestling room listening to you and you were
 I don't know whose event it was but you were at a campfire sound alike and you were doing something like this
 I was like I want my own campfire chat to tell our story and then I was like Dave we should do it
 And then now we're here. Thanks for coming to our campfire. That's how it happens
 And that's exciting to this day. All right. Thank you. Give him a big round. Thank you so much
 You know what I didn't mean for this to come on stage, but I'm glad that it is
 This made you laugh when you accidentally saw it earlier, too
 Why is this making you laugh what what?
 So we we're not shy about our competitors even when they're our friends, so one of the companies were crossing out of his
 So that's what it's one of my companies, and then that's the spot
 It's also a company. I invest in that octopus is is many chat. I've been a very big angel investor supporter there's
 I'm not at all insulted by that. I'm curious about it
 You guys come across as such a nice look happy go lucky guys Dave asked me if you if I want water
 So Dave I can't have you give me any more things. I feel uncomfortable under your car punch me, please
 So it goes okay, but one more thing I'm gonna give you socks. So give me socks
 So you really but still yeah murdering your eyes sometimes like you're crossing out everybody
 This is part of your culture. Why it comes back for me. It's wrestling right like when I was wrestling it was not I
 Don't know there's different
 Mentalities right like and I did a podcast on this one time
 I think I offended some people so I apologize in advance, but like in in a in a
 If you're in a band right everyone gets together and you play together and you harmonize and it's beautiful right when you're a wrestler
 You don't do that like you know you walk in every day
 And you're like those are the two guys I have to beat to be varsity and then after you do that
 Then you walk in you like hey, who's people have to be to be the region champ and then state champ and then the national champ
 And so my entire 15 years of my life
 Like all my focus was like who's the next person on the rung that I have to beat and it's studying them learning about
 And figuring out their moves figuring out what they're good at what they're bad at so we can beat him
 And then we beat him to go the next thing the next thing the next thing and so but it was never it was never negative for me
 It was competition like half the guys are my friends and and they were doing the same thing to me
 We're gonna same thing to them. So I come from a hyper competitive world
 That's everything we do and I feel bad now because in business a lot of people competing against aren't competitive
 And I forget that sometimes and they some people don't appreciate it
 But it's like that's that's the drive is just like who do we like if I don't have someone to
 There's not someone we're driving towards and then there's not a point for me and even if there even if I was hurt say
 I accepted I'm sorry you're hurt Andrew. I still care and love you. We're gonna crush you
 There and I had I had someone on so obviously infusion software was one of our people we were targeting for a long long time
 And I had a call with clay and someone on his team asked me like why do you why do you get infusion soft so much?
 I was like, you know, I don't know you understand. I don't hate I got love infusion
 So I'm grateful for I'm grateful for lead pages
 I'm grateful for like and I told him like you've seen the dark night like my favorite movie of all time and
 It's the part where we're Batman and Joker there and Batman's like ask the joke like why are you trying to kill me and the Joker
 Shosh laughing is like I'm not trying to kill you like the reason why I do this is because of you like I have you
 There's no purpose behind it and so for me
 It's like if I have somebody to compete against like why are we playing the game and so for me that that's why
 It's not enough to just say we're playing the game because we want to help the next entrepreneur the next person who's
 Sick and needs to create and no, it's not that's a big part of it, but like yeah, but there's something
 I don't know why the competitions would drive me for sure and just like you're wrestling with someone trying to beat them
 But you don't hate them you're not going to their house and break it down
 It's just when we wrestle like we were friends afterwards
 We like can we're on the same freestyle and Greco teams later in the season
 But during when we're competing like we're competing and everyone's going to let it
 Everyone's going to let it that's an interesting way to end it. Well, how much more time do we have?
 How much more time do we have? I'm gonna keep going. Can I get you to come up here John?
 Cuz I gotta get you to explain something to me
 So I told you I was online the other day. Yeah, give a big round
 I was on on the other day. I don't even know what I clicked I clicked something and then I saw that the
 Russell's great webinar person everyone keeps telling me that go all right
 I got to find out how he does it so I click over all right just give your email address and you can find out how alright
 I'll give my email address to find out how he became such a great webinar presenter
 Let's just give a credit card. It's only 495 so it comes in the mail comes in the mail
 That's pretty cool. Nothing comes in the mail anymore. Here's my credit card goes alright. It's gonna mail it out
 Would you also like to learn how to use these slides 400? Oh no, I'm done
 Welcome to the final system done
 But I'm gonna put an Evernote a link to this page. I don't lose it so I can come back and I swear it and I did it and
 This is this is like my receipt for four dollars and 95 cents and then another
 Don't you ever feel like we're beyond this we're in the software space now. We're competing with Dropbox
 We're not competing with Joe Schmo when his ebook and you're the guy who who sold the who bought the army yeah
 I asked you that do you ever feel a little embarrassed? We're still in the info market space
 No, I think it's at the it's like the essence of what we do what Russell does is we love education
 We love teaching people I mean the software is like the back end right but we're not software people where I mean
 We sell software, but we we teach people all these people here and all the people at all of our events
 Like they just want to learn how to do it better. I don't believe it. Okay. I believe it in I believe it
 I believe that for you. It's the numbers. I you guys. Why don't believe it. Yeah, I'm looking at your eyes and yeah
 I'm giving the script. I'm good. I'm doing the script. I see it in your eyes, but when I was talking to you earlier no offense
 This is why he does what he does
 When I was talking earlier you told me about the numbers the conversion how we get you in this sales funnel how we actually can then
 That's the exciting part. Don't be insulted by the fact that I said it. No, we have marketers here
 They're gonna love you for being open about it. What's going on here? What's going on keeping you in this space? Okay from my perspective. Okay, so
 Initially it was self- liquidation on the front, which is what I tell you right
 It was the fact that we were bootstrapped like we didn't have money to just like
 Throw out there
 We had we had to make sure that we were earning enough money to cover our ads, right?
 And Russell had all the trust in the world in me
 I don't know why he did but he did and he's just like spend money and just try to make yourself liquidate
 I'm like, okay, right?
 So we just had to spend money and hope that we got enough back to keep spending money and self liquidate means buy an ad today
 And make sure that we make money from that ad right away and then software yeah
 And then you told and then software is gonna pay over time. That's our legacy. That's our thing and you told me
 Software sucks for selling some software sucks. Yeah, why everyone who's in info everyone who's in education says
 I wish I was a software guy software's eating the world that get all the respect right?
 I walk through San Francisco. They think anyone who doesn't have software in their veins is a sucker
 Yeah, I asked the same thing to myself
 You know I was like running ads like why can't I just run ads straight to the offer?
 Why do I have to go to these info products, right?
 I want to get down the software and then I was like I feel like it's kind of like
 Marriage I get a big thing to say like you know
 You probably already built websites but come over to drop everything you're doing and come over here and build websites over here on our thing
 It's like oh that's a hard poll, right?
 But hey you want to build webinars?
 Here's a little thing for five bucks to build webinars now you're in our world now we can talk to you now you can trust us
 Now we can get you over there got it. Okay. All right, and if that's what it takes to get people in the world
 You're gonna accept it. You're not gonna feel too good for that. You're just gonna do it and grow it and grow it
 Yeah, what's your ad budget now?
 See now your eyes are lighting up like I tapped into it
 We spent a half a million a month half a million a month
 Yeah, don't worry don't tell the account
 Do you guys pay with the credit card you have a lot of miles? Yeah, we do yeah
 My office to the day and say next to me by ticking
 Are they with Delta cuz I think you guys flew me out with Delta. Yeah, American Express is where we're spending all our money
 So wow and you're a partner too. Yeah, wow congratulations. Thank you
 I don't know you all enough to ask you if you're a million. I'm just gonna say congratulations
 Thank you
 Wow
 You know what I actually was going to ask the the videographers to come up here
 I brought their name down. I got the whole thing and I realized I shouldn't interrupt them because they're shooting video
 But I asked them
 Why are you they were they had this this career where they were flying all over the world shooting videos for their YouTube channel?
 They were I'm sorry. I forgot their name and I don't want to leave them out damn and bleak and
 They were shooting YouTube videos. They were doing videos for other people
 I said why are you now giving it up and just working for click funnels all the time? Why are you more importantly?
 why are you so excited about it and
 and
 I said, you know, it's the way that we work with Russell and I said do you remember the first time you invited them out and
 To shoot something. What was it? It was the very first fun hacking live we ever had and
 Probably two weeks prior to that one of our friends had an event and Dan had captured the footage
 And he showed me the videos like you check out my venn video. I'm like, oh my gosh. That was amazing
 I said who didn't he told me and so I emailed Dan and I was like, hey, can you come do that for fun hacking live?
 And he's like what's fun hacking live?
 So kind of told him he's like sure and it was like two weeks later. He's like, so what's the direction?
 I was like, I don't know just bring the magic man. Whatever you did there do that here and
 That's kind of been his his calling card sense. Just comes and does stuff
 Bring the magic he wants to have those words painted on the Toronto office
 So you guys are starting literally because he says you say that all the time and the idea is I
 Want to understand how you hire the idea is I'm gonna find people who do good work
 I'm gonna let them do it. What happens if they wouldn't have done it your way
 What happens if it would have gone a different direction?
 I see you quite and I'm not perfect
 So I'm gonna caveat that by some of my guys my team know that I'm kind of especially on the design and funnel stuff
 Like I'm I'm more picking on that because like I'm so into that and I love it
 But what I what I found is like when you hire amazing people
 Like Todd for example doing click funnels like the times I've tried I tried to click funnels prior build
 It was like me and I'm telling developers like here's what to do and how to do it and like there's always some loss in
 Communication with Todd
 He's like I know exactly what I would build because I want this product to and then he just built it and he showed me stuff
 And I'm like that's a good idea. He's like I did this to you like that's a good idea and like it's so much easier that way
 And so when you find the right people it's not you giving them ideas it's them coming through ideas
 You're like that is a good idea go do and then it just makes takes all the pressure off for your back
 And so for us
 It's been fun because I look at man the last 15 years of all those different websites and the ups and the downs
 Like the best people have always stuck and so we've got 15 years of like getting the cream of the crop
 And then there's almost like I'm kind of a superhero nerd
 It's like the Avengers right where at the end of when click phones came about we had this Avenger team of people and like okay
 Now we put in our dues now
 It's time to like use all of our superpowers to do this thing and it all kind of came together
 Build it and build it and build it up
 And then as you were building it up you then went to Salesforce you guys invited me you said hey Andrew
 We're in San Francisco your hometown. Do you want to come out?
 I said I'm gonna be with the family said good be with the families better than hanging out with us
 But I still said what are you guys doing?
 In San Francisco at Salesforce because salespeople don't need landing pages. Yeah, you guys will probably find a way for them to need it
 Soon and then I saw this
 This is the last video that I've got
 There's no audio on it
 I just want it
 I want you guys to look at their faces as they're looking up at these buildings walking through the Salesforce business
 Salesforce office look they're getting on the motorcycles in the lobby. They're looking all around going low gee
 Counting the buildings that are Salesforce labeled looking look at that. Oh, what are they doing not?
 Not believing
 This is even possible
 And you're stopping going this is this is dream force. This is your dream is what did you get out of going to Salesforce's event?
 Honestly prior to Salesforce. I was kind of going through like a weird
 like a funk in my business because it was like
 Again, there's the goals, right?
 So it's like he would do a million bucks me to that and say it's fake 10 million a year and then 50
 And then this will hit a hundred and like what's the next go like a billion like because like a hundred million 200 million
 Not that big of a difference and it was just kind of like what's what's the point?
 What's the purpose like we've grown as big as any company that I know and
 And then last year
 Dave and Ryan had gone out there and they were telling me stories like there's 170,000 businesses here and they're telling me these things and
 It sounded cool, but it didn't and they were going crazy
 You have to see this so you can believe it and I didn't but there's something about the energy of like seeing something that makes it real
 And so this year I was like I want to go and just I want to see Benny off speak
 I want to see the things once you the towers
 I want to just like understand it because I understand it's like okay cool now
 We can reverse engineer and figure out how we can do it and so for me
 It was just like seeing it I think at anything in any
 That's which is our entrepreneurs to if your people believe that they can do it
 They'll do it if you believe you can lose weight you'll lose weight you can believe you can grow a company and like
 I didn't like I believed that the next level is possible force if I saw it and I was like oh my gosh
 This is not it's not redid and Benny offs not I mean none of these guys are any smarter than any of us
 It's just like they they figure out the path is like hey
 Let's look at the path and then let's look at that now we can figure out our path and seeing an in person did that for you
 And yeah, it makes it tangible makes it like
 Like it's like your physiology feels it versus like reading a book about or hearing about it
 It's like you see it and you experience it and it's like it's tangible
 I told you I asked people before they came in here
 What are you looking for and a few of them frustrated me because they said I just want to see Russell
 I just want to see the event I go give me something I could ask a question about
 But I think they were looking for the same thing that you got out of there
 And I know they got I'm gonna ask them to come up here and ask some questions
 And I want to know about the future of click funnels
 But first I've got to just acknowledge that that we are here to just kind of pick up on that energy that energy that got you to
 Pick yourself back up when anyone else would have said I'm a failure as a husband
 I can't do this go back and the tension that came from failing and almost going to jail as you said from failing and succeeding and
 Failing again and still that is inspiring to see I want to give I want to give a whole click funnels family a big round of applause
 Please everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, and the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this text and communities
 I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
