 All right, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I hope yesterday you enjoyed part one of the click funnel
 Start up story interview at the drive our comedy club with Andrew
 I love the way he interviews. I hope you're enjoying it as well
 So we are going to dive right into part two of four from this this interview and again if you're liking these interviews
 Please please please take a snapshot on your phone post on Facebook Instagram or ever you do your posting and tag me in it
 And use hashtag marketing seekers so I can see that you're talking about it. I would appreciate it
 With that said I'm gonna keep the theme song and we come back
 We'll listen we'll start it on part two of the interview of the click funnel startup story
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 You know I've talked to a few of your people because they're so good that Dave could really be a leader on his own could start his own
 Company's got his own online reputation the whole thing I keep asking them
 Why do you work for Russell? What is it that lets you be second to Russell who's getting all the attention?
 And I've got some answers and would you would you mind coming up here in in a second?
 I'm gonna ask you just like no come out and back here and I'll just bring you up in a second
 Actually, you know what it looks like you can come pretty fast. I thought that it would be a little bit more
 No, I thought I thought it would be more of a thing to get mics on people and I realize if collect can do and okay honestly
 Dig down deep. Why why did you want to stick with him?
 Through through all that stuff. Yeah
 I don't know my heart was racing you started telling that story just makes me like sick my stomach as you just scroll down and look at all those
 businesses of like for years like just like every every 30 days there's a new business launch that give us
 It was crazy
 How he's why I stuck with him is is
 You know Clinton mentioned that spirit like just
 He's absolutely different than anybody else have ever met my entire life like
 Give me an example. Let's be more specific back then not today when he's got this track record adoring fans
 I asked him to do an interview everyone wants him on his podcast back then when it wasn't going so well
 Give me an example of something that he did to let you know
 This is a guy who's gonna figure it out eventually and I could possibly go down watch him go to jail
 But I believe that it's gonna go up
 Well at the time when when things are crashing, you know, I saw him
 I saw him as the income stopped and he had started a program
 He loves office wrestling and he had he brought Olympic wrestling coach to Boise and he brought all these amazing wrestlers
 of Boise and he wanted them to build the train and get to the Olympics he wanted to help him get there and live their dream and
 You know, he was he was supplementing, you know the time the business is paying for these guys to do some little bit
 I'd work for us. They weren't doing very much for us
 but I saw him out of his own pocket be paying for these guys and and
 I knew how hard he wanted to support them and and there was a day that you know
 My wife and I we were we were struggling because I just I was concerned about him, you know financially
 he was he was supplementing his trying to keep his business afloat and
 We talked about things and I came into the office one day and and I asked if I could talk to him and sat down and
 Kind of spoke in language that I'd normally don't speak in I might have dropped a a bomber -
 But it was it was I was I was so concerned. I pretty much told him like I I
 Can't keep doing this. I can't keep watching you. You know every month pulling the money you save for your family
 To try to try to you know keep jobs for the people like I said
 I will I'll leave you know if that that helps you and
 and the fact that he he did he stuck with he stuck with people and
 That was the true character who he is he kept paying your salary kept sticking with you and also constantly launching things
 You were telling me before absolutely you've never seen anyone implement like him. No, no
 You know some people call faith or belief like he has this inherent like belief that he can truly change people's lives
 That's it even when he wasn't even when he wasn't fully in control of his own. All right. Thanks. Thanks for give him a big round of applause
 I
 Feel like this is the thing that helped get you out of trouble and
 potentially out of get it in out of potential jail what
 What is this what is this business that you created? Yeah, so we
 So during the time of that and this there was there's time
 It's probably a year and a half two years that we're trying all sorts of stuff and again marginal success on a lot of them
 nothing like and this was the one we actually
 This was be like we'd done a lot of webinars and speaking for seminars and stuff like that
 But this is right when auto webinars are coming out and Mike fill some interest in an auto webinar a couple of people
 and like I feel like that was gonna be the future things and right, but what do we do the webinar on we didn't know and
 We flew out to Ryan Dyson pair Belter's office for like two days and pick their brains
 It's about to rich chef friends office for day and then on the flight home
 I just like stick to my stomach. I couldn't feel like what's the thing that we can serve people with the most right now and
 on the flight home, I was like
 I'm like all the internet marketing stuff
 We do works for like internet marketers works way better like local business like a chiropractor implements like two things
 It works if dentists does it like I was like well, I don't want to be the guy going to dentists
 But like we could be the backbone for that
 What if we create an opportunity where people come in we train them and we connect them with the right tools and resources and they could go and sell it to
 To to chiropractors and dentists and that's what the idea was we created turned into an offer called dot com seekers local
 It was a thousand dollar offer at the time did with the auto webinar for it and it launched within within 90 days
 They've done over a million dollars which covered payroll taxes
 And then got it got us out of debt to point out we could like stop and like dream again
 And like believe again and try figure out what we really wanted to do dot com secrets local
 To a million dollars within 90 days and how did you find the people who are going to sign up for this?
 A lot of us will have landing pages like this. We'll have these funnels. How did you get people in this funnel?
 Yeah, and this was pre-Facebook too, so it's like it wasn't just like go turn Facebook ads on
 But you know one thing that happened over a lot, you know all the years prior to this
 They've met a lot of people I've got a lot of events and get to know everybody and
 Everyone I met that you know, you need a lot of people who have lists they have followings they have different things like that
 I just got to know them really really well and
 And in the past I'd just met promote a lot of their products
 They've put on my products and so we had this one and we did it first to my list and it did really well
 And so I then called them like hey, I did this webinar my list
 These are the numbers did awesome. Do you want to do it to your list as well?
 And they're like oh sure that sounds like a great offer
 We did that list and they did good for them too
 Until the next person and then and if you have a webinar that good, it's kind of like it's like the speaking circuit
 Right like if if you're good at speaking then people will put you all over the place
 Same thing if you have a webinar that converts then it's easy to get a lot of people to do it
 And so as soon as that one worked and it converted well
 Then people lined up and we just kept doing it doing it doing it and and um it was really quick to to get that spot pretty quick
 I've been on Facebook recently and I saw webinar slides from Russell Brunson
 I went to a landing page
 Click funnel page and I signed up and I'll talk about it maybe later but
 I bought it and I know other people did and I've seen other people say Russell's webinar technique is the thing that just works
 I'm wondering how you figured it out. How did you come across this and how did you build it to make it work? Yeah, so rewind back
 My probably ten years prior to this it was when I first learning this whole business
 And I went to my very first internet marketing seminar ever it was arm and morn's big seminar
 Do you ever go to big seminar?
 Anyway, I went to it and I had no idea what to expect
 I thought it was gonna be like and I showed my laptop and I was gonna like I thought we're a bunch of geeks gonna do computer stuff
 And the first person got on stage and they started speaking and at the end of it
 He sold like a $2,000 thing
 I'd never seen this before I saw people jumping up and running to the back of the room to buy it
 And I'm like this little like 23 year old kid and I was counting the people in the back of them doing the math and like
 You know doing the math. I was like that guy made like $60,000 in an hour
 And next I get set he does a presentation and I watch this for three days
 And I was like I'm super shy and introverted like that skill is worth learning
 If I someone can walk on a stage and make a hundred thousand dollars an hour like I need to learn how to do that
 And so I started that and it was really bad for the first man probably eight or nine months
 I I tried to do I go to places and I just I couldn't figure it out
 And then I started
 Asking the people who were good because I you'd go there and all the speakers kind of talking hanging out
 And I watched the ones that always had like all the people were in the back of the room and I'd ask them questions
 I'm like what what did I do wrong? Like I feel like I'm teaching the best stuff possible
 And they're like that's the problem like it's not about teaching. It's about touring it's selling tory
 Telling stories and breaking beliefs and and so for the next about two years
 I was about once a month flying somewhere to speak and then when I would go there
 I'd meet all the speakers and find out what they were doing and I'd watch them
 I take notes and the different things they were saying and how they were saying it
 And I kept taking my presentation and tweaking it and tweaking it and um, you know now 12 years later
 Done it so many webinars like
 Kind of work
 The process works now you are a really good storyteller and I've seen you do that and you've seen you do it here
 I know you're gonna do even more um what I'm curious about is the belief system that you were saying
 Breaking people's what was it that you said?
 False beliefs breaking people's false beliefs. How do you understand what like as you look at this audience?
 Do you understand what some of some of our false beliefs are?
 If I knew I was selling I could figure out for sure if you knew what you were selling
 All right, we're we're selling this belief that entrepreneurship does work
 And
 I know that we're all going to go through a period like some of the ones that you had where things just aren't working
 Other people aren't believing any us. It's almost failure
 What's at that point the belief system that we have to work on what what do you recognize in people here?
 So usually there's like three core beliefs that people have the first is about like the opportunity itself, right?
 So like the entrepreneurship like the first belief that people have is like can I actually be an entrepreneur?
 And so some people who already believe that they're like, I'm in they that's like an easy one
 But for those who don't there's a reason and you just like they saw a parent that tried to do it and the parent
 Tried to be an entrepreneur and wasn't able to and they saw that failure or they tried in the past and they failed or whatever it is
 And so it's it's showing them that like even if you tried in the past and showed different ways
 Like let me tell you story like and for me I could show 800 different failures
 But then it's like but eventually you get better and you get better and you get better to eventually have the thing that actually works
 So I tell a story to kind of show that to make them believe like oh my gosh
 Maybe I just need to try a couple more times and the second level belief is like beliefs about themselves like I sure it works for you
 Russell or Andrew but not for offer me because I'm different it's helping them figure out their faults beliefs
 If you can break that then the third one is like then they always want to blame somebody else like oh like
 I could lose weight but my wife has lots of cupcakes and candies like I
 I could do it but because that I can't since like figuring out
 Well, how do you break the beliefs of like the external people that are gonna keep them and how would you know what that is?
 How would you know who the external?
 Influencers are that your potential customers are worried about?
 I think for most of us is because the thing that we're selling is something that that
 One of our nik barely said our mess becomes our message like for most of us
 What we're selling is the thing that we struggled with before so I think back my I think back about my me is 12
 Year old Russell watching down the pre like what would have kept me back and I'd be like I can't afford classified ads
 Like if you show me like how I can like if you can tell me a story like oh my gosh
 I couldn't afford classified ads that beliefs gone and now I'm gonna go give you money
 It's just kind of remembering back to the state where you were in when you were trying to figure this stuff out as well
 Those who was it who I met when we were coming in here
 We said that they're part of Russell's mastermind and I asked how much did you pay? You said I'm not telling you
 I can't see who that person was but I know you've got a mastermind people coming in
 I'm wondering how much of it comes from that working with people directly seeing them in the group share openly and then saying
 Ah, this is what my potential customers are feeling 100% at this point especially
 People always ask like where do you go Russell to learn stuff?
 And it's my mastermind because I bring because all the people come in and they're all in different industries
 And you see that you see the roadblocks whole people back
 But then they also share like the stuff that they're doing and it's like that's 100 now is where I get most of my my intel
 Because people ask like why give the software company why in the world you have a mastermind group
 It's like because the reason why our software is good is because they have the mastermind group
 Where they're all crowdsourcing they're doing all this stuff and bring it back to us
 And then we're able to make shifts and pivots based on that
 Somehow we just lost uh apple, but that's okay. It's back good. There we go
 This is the next thing rippling right
 I forgot to put that one in there
 I went back and I I watched the youtube video explaining it. It's a it's a cartoon
 I thought it was a professional voiceover artist. No, it's you you really comfortable getting on stage and talking
 But basically in that video that you guys can see in the top left of your screen. It's Russell
 Through this uh voiceover and cartoon explaining look
 You guys were around in the early days of facebook you told your friends here's how many friends you would have said for the sake of numbers
 Let's say you told seven people let's say they still told seven people and that's how things spread and the same thing happened with pinterest and all these other sites
 Don't you ever wish then instead of making them rich by telling stuff?
 You made yourself rich. Well, here's how ripplin comes in
 And then you you created it and ripplin was what um, so ripplin was actually one of my friends
 uh ideas and um and he is a network marketing guy so he's like we're sure we're building network marketing program and I
 I'd like dabble the network marketing never been involved with it and uh, he came and was like, hey
 Be part of this. I was like no
 And they sold this on the whole pitch and the idea and network market was really good and selling you on vision and I was like, okay
 That sounds awesome
 And um and then my role was straight the right the the pitch and so I wrote the the pitch did the voiceover to the video
 And then we launched it and we had in six weeks was like 1.5 million people signed up for ripplin
 And I thought it was like this is the thing i'm done like
 My down line was like half of the company and I was like when this thing goes live like it's going to be amazing
 And then um the tech side of it what we were promising people in this video that
 Um the main developer ended up dying and he had all the codes they had to restart building in the middle of this thing and like
 All it was like thing after thing and by the time I finally got done everyone lost interest was like eight months later and like
 I think my I think my biggest check I got was like 47 bucks from the whole thing. I was just like I spent like six months of my life
 It was
 It's like a penny a day
 It's horrible
 I'm just wondering whether I should ask this or not. I'll go for it
 So I stopped asking about religion, but I get this sense that you believe that
 that
 That there's a spiritual element here that keeps you from seeing my down loud and growing the whole thing's working
 Do you is any of this does it feel divinely inspired to you be honest
 uh business or business life success things working out so much so that when you're at your lowest you feel like there's some
 Divine guidance some divine hand that says russell
 It's going to work out russell. I don't know if I got you, but I know you got this go do it
 I feel that from you and I
 Yeah, I 100 believe that you do every bit of it
 I I believe that
 That god gives us talents and gifts and abilities and then watches who would do that and if we do good
 He gives us increases our capacity to more if we do good
 They give it more if you're burning capacity
 That if you do good if you use what god gives you then you you get more
 And so you think that that is your duty to do that
 And if you don't do more if you don't pick yourself up after ripplin you have let down god
 Do you believe that is that it?
 Or that you haven't lived you express it. Yeah, I don't think I feel like I let down god
 I definitely like um
 Haven't lived up my potential pretend, you know, but also I feel like a lot of stuff
 Like as I was putting in the document all the pages like
 um, it's interesting because like
 Each one of them looking in hindsight like each built upon to the next thing in the next and there's twice
 We tried to build click funnels
 And each one like was the next level and each one is a stepping stone like ripplin if I would have done ripplin
 Like that was my very first like viral video. We ever created I learned how to pitch things
 I'm like when we did the click funnels initial sales video like like
 Because I had done this one like I knew how to do this one, right?
 Yeah, so for me, it's less of like I let down god as much as like
 um
 It's just like the the piece and it's like what are you gonna do with this?
 You're gonna do something with it and then it doesn't mean it's gonna be successful
 But it means it's like if you do well with this and we're gonna increase your capacity for the next step and the next thing
 We definitely and especially in time the office we talk less a lot like we definitely feel what we do as a spiritual mission like it's you do
 100 yeah, I know I don't think that it's just like we're lucky. I think the way that
 The people have come the the partnerships like how it was created is super inspired
 You know what a lot of us are selling things that are software
 PDF guide this that it's really hard to find the bigger mission in it. You're finding the bigger the bigger mission in funnels
 what is
 What is that bigger mission what how really how do you connect with it because you're right if you can find that bigger meaning
 Then the work becomes more meaningful and the people you're working with become like
 It's it's more exciting to work with and more meaningful to do it. How did you find it in funnels?
 What is the meaning so for us um and i'm thinking about some of my members in your circle, but um
 So right now as of i think today we had 68 000 members and click funnels, which is like the big number we all brag about but
 For me, it's like that's 68 000 entrepreneurs each one has a gift, right?
 And so I think about one like one member i'll mention his name is chris warke he runs chrispies cancer crispy cancer.com
 And chris was someone who came now with cancer and given the death sentence and instead of going through chemotherapy decided
 I'm gonna see if I can heal myself and he he did clear yourself of cancer
 And then instead of just like cool. I can go back into work
 He's like then I need to help other people and so we started to blog start doing some things
 And and now he's gotten this thing where he's helped thousands and thousands of people naturally cure themselves of cancer
 And that's one of our 68 000 people right see you're focusing on him where I think a lot of us would focus on
 Here's one person who's just a smarmy marketer and here's who's creating right but you don't that's not who you are
 Look, I see you in your eyes. You're shaking your head. That's not it at all. It's not even a problem because for me
 It's like I know it because I understand because I get all the time people like oh, he's a scat slimy marketer
 I first time people meet me all the time first time they introduced that's a lot of times the first impression
 And they get closer and they feel the heart and it's just like oh my gosh like this is
 Like I had you wrong. I get that all the time from brian brian
 Sorry ryan and brad or either of them here
 Would one of you come up here?
 Yeah, come on up because they they felt that way, right?
 I don't know about them. Oh, I know I don't know what i'm thinking about
 Oh, I guess there was a Theron, please. Oh, is it the other? No, no stay up here stay up here as long as you're here
 Theron come on up, but there was a bee i'm going to back. Oh, you're nervous?
 There's different stories different story ahead all right?
 Do I come up?
 Theron had no idea. We're bringing them on stage
 Come on over here. Let's stand in the center so we can get you on camera. Is this help?
 Want me to just stare real quick? Yeah, please so Theron is one of the harmer brothers. They almost do the viral video for us
 I heard that you felt that he was a scam that
 What was what was the situation and how did you honestly feel?
 I don't know that it well
 You know, I know I know I don't I don't think that I felt like click funnels itself was a scam
 but that
 It just felt like that so many of the
 The ways that the funnels were built and the types of language they were using
 It was just not it felt like it was that side of the internet, right? And so I
 I became very um
 Well, basically we were we we were kind of in a desperate situation where we had a
 A video that had not performed and not worked out the way we wanted it to work out the video that you created for a wrestle?
 No for another time. Okay, and so
 One our CEO had used click funnels product to help drive
 I think it was attendance to to a big video event
 And so he had some familiar
 familiarity with the product
 And so he goes to Russell and at the same time Russell's like, I'm a big fan of you guys and he's coming to us and these things are happening
 Yeah, it was almost the same day and and so we're thinking like this and we're like well
 They seem to really know how to drive traffic to really know how to drive conversion
 And we feel like we know how to drive conversion as well
 Um, but for some reason we missed it on this one and so we're like well
 Let's do a deal. What do you say missed it? What do you okay? Go ahead. Go ahead. Okay. We're failing our client
 We weren't getting them on our oi. Okay. And so we said let's do a deal with Russell
 And we'll have our internal team compete with his team
 And we're humble enough to say hey, we're failing our client
 We want our client to succeed
 Let's bring in their team and see if they can make a funnel that can bring up the bring down the cost per acquisition bring up
 The return on investment for our client and they were able to do it right
 And then we said well what we'll do is we'll we'll write a script
 We'll take you through our script writing process
 But we don't want to we don't want to do the video because we don't want to be a affiliate
 The contract said you can't tell anyone ever the harbor bows wrote the script where you
 Wow because you didn't want to be associated with something that you thought was a little too scammy for it
 Yeah, we just didn't want our brand kind of brought down to their brand
 which is super arrogant and and really wrong headed and and
 In any case so we go into this script writing or training and we and we I wasn't following his podcast
 I wasn't listening to enough. I mean red.com secrets those kinds of things were like wow
 There's some really valuable stuff here. This is really interesting
 And then as we got to know each other and really started to connect like he said heart to heart
 And to feel what he's really about and the types of team
 The people that he surrounds himself with
 He's like wow, these are really really good people and and they have a mission here
 That's that they feel and they and and just like we feel that about our own group and in any case
 By the end of that two-day retreat, we're like all off in private saying
 uh
 First of all, we like what we've written second of all we'd really like to work with these guys
 And I think we're
 Plenty happy being connected to them and associated with them and so it's been a ride and a blessing ever since
 So what?
 Anyway, we love them. All right. Give me a big round. Yeah
 This was pivotal for you guys
 Lead pages. This is an article about how lead pages raised five million dollars
 You saw that and you thought
 Well, what happened was Todd. So Todd's our uh the co-founder click funnels
 And he was working to the time he would he would fly to boys about once a quarter and we work on
 On the next project. You know new idea and that morning he woke up and he saw that and then he uh,
 Ford me the article and he's elantis. So it's east coast. I'm still in bed and then he's got a four-hour flight to boisie
 And he's just like getting angry because Todd is Todd's like a genius like
 He he literally he landed in boys and he saw me. He's like we can build lead pages tonight. I will clone it
 I will beat it when he launches this week while we're here like he's he's not good of a developer like he
 Like i've never seen someone code as fast and as good as him. He's he's amazing, right?
 And so he comes and he's mad because he's like this is the stupidest side in the world
 I we literally clone this let's just do it and i'm like, yes
 Let's clone it and we're all excited and then he's like do you want me to add any of the features while i'm doing it? I'm like
 Oh, yes, um, we should do this and we should do this and then the scope creep from the marketer comes
 And we end up spending entire week in front of a whiteboard mapping out
 All my dreams like if we could do this and this and what's that a shopping cart?
 What if we could do upsells and what if we could actually move things on the page instead of just having it sit there and what if
 And tods has taken notes and everything and then he's like, can't think it can do this and he told me he's like though
 but if I do this I don't I don't want to do this as like as an employee. I want to do as a partner and
 I first I was like, uh, like because I've never wanted to do the partnership thing and then
 um
 The best decision i've ever made in my life outside marry my wife was saying yes to tod i said let's do it
 And then he flew home and and built quick funnels
 well
 and
 This is after trying software so much. I have screenshots of all the different
 It's not even worth going into it of all the different products you created. There was one about it was digital repo
 Right
 digital
 digital repo man
 what was
 So I used to sell ebooks and stuff people would steal and then email to their friends and I get
 Can I can I read this how to protect every type of low life and other form of human scum
 From cheating you from the profits you should be making by hijacking stealing and illegally
 constituting
 That thought your online digital products there and why did you think we were uh just kidding?
 So no, it was a really cool product that would like you take an ebook and it would like protect it
 And then if somebody like gave it to their friend you could push a button it would like take back access
 It was it was like the coolest thing in the world we thought and there was software that was going to attach your ad to any
 Other software that was out there. There was software that was going to
 Oh, what are some of the other ones? It's gonna hit me later on but we're talking about a dozen different pieces of software
 A dozen different attempts to software. What what's the one?
 I thought somebody remembered one of them. It just
 The kinds of stuff you'd never think of there was one that was kind of like click funnels an early version of click funnels for landing pages
 Why did you want to get into software when you were teaching creating membership sites? What was software?
 What was it that was drawing you in?
 I think um honestly when I first learned this internet marketing game the first mentor I had the first person I saw was
 Gennum Armin Morin and Armin had all these little software products that e-cover generator, sales letter generator
 Everything generator and so that's what I kept seeing I was like I need to create
 Through I need to create software because he made software in fact
 I even shifted my major from I can remember what was before to computer information systems
 I like I don't learn how to code because I couldn't afford programmers
 And then um and that's kind of just what I've seen is like and then I was trying to think of ideas for software and every time I would
 Get stuck instead of trying to like find something to do
 I like and lose buy let me hire a guy to go build that and then I can sell somebody else as well
 That's kind of how it started and it was a lot of different tools a lot of different attempts
 And then this one was the one that you went with I think this is an early version of the home page
 Basically saying coming soon sign up
 The first one didn't work out
 And then you saw someone else on a forum who had a forum who had a version that was better
 What was his name?
 Just is I think the only job. Yes. Okay. So
 Yeah, so the story was so we we taught about the first version click funnels and um
 And dylan who became one of our co-founders. Um, I've been working with dylan as a designer for about six years prior
 And he is hands and we talked about earlier. He's the best designer. I've ever seen in my life. He is amazing
 um, he would he would but he's also this is the pros and cons of dylan like he
 um
 I've talked about this on stage of fun liking lives. I have no problem saying this and he would he would agree
 But I did give a project and I couldn't he wouldn't respond back to me
 I went here from for two or three months and then one day in the middle night. He messaged me. He's like he's like, uh
 Rent student Mario you have any projects for me?
 And I'd be so mad at him and I look back at every project
 We'd done the last three or four months that other designers had done and I would just like reset them all the list like
 Boom game 12 sites and I go to bed. I wake up five or six hours later and all of them were done
 Perfectly amazing like some of the best designs ever and then he sent me a bill for whatever and I send him money
 And he disappeared again for like five months and I could never get a hold of it
 And then like I need to tweak something he was just gone
 And that was like my pattern for six years with him. Um, and then fast forward to it when tawne and I were building click funnels
 Um, we were at traffic conversion and we were up in the hotel room at like three in the morning trying to we were on dribble.com
 Trying to find a UI designer to help us and we couldn't get a hold of all these people and also on skype dylan popped in
 I saw this thing pop up
 I was like, oh, dylan just showed up. He was like they need some money. I'm like, I guarantee he needs money. So I'm like, hey man
 and uh
 And dylan message back he's like, hey, I'm like do you need some money? He's like, yeah, you got any projects. I'm like, yes
 I do i'm like
 We built a school thing that's called click funnels, but the UI is horrible and the editor's horrible
 And there's any way we can hire you for a week to fly to boisey and just do all the UI for every single page of the app
 And um, we he kind of said no at first because like i'm i'm developing my own website builder
 I'm gonna spend like six years on it. So I can't do it. What is this?
 He had something that was essentially click funnels, right? Yeah, it was just pages though. So we just do pages. There's no one else
 Closer to lead pages. We've been just been amazing. You can move things around. But he didn't tell me that he's so i'm working on something
 So eventually we got him to come he flew to boisey spent a week did all of our UI
 And then we went and we launched our beta to my list so we launched the beta. We got some signups and then like a week before
 Um, the the launch launch was supposed to happen all the affiliates were lined up. Everything was supposed to happen
 He sends me that I don't know if he sent you the video, but he sends me this little video
 Um, that's like a 30 second video of him demoing the edit his editor he built
 And I probably watched that video
 I don't know least a hundred times and I was sick to my stomach because I was like I hate click funnels right now
 I can't move things on my pages. I can't do anything
 I was just and I sent to Todd and then I hear from him for like an hour he messes him back
 He's like i'm pissed. I'm like me too and like what do we do and I was like we have to have his editor
 I don't even want to sell this thing like it and and I called the only like would you be willing to sell?
 He's like no, I'm doing it. I'm selling it and we're gonna sell for a hundred bucks
 It's like hundred dollars one time for this editor that
 Design all the websites and I was like dude it is worth so much more in that please and um
 We spent all night going back and forth and negotiating
 and um finally it came down to like um I will give you this editor if we can if I can be a co-founder and be a partner
 and uh Todd and I sat there and brainstormed me and figured out if we could do what we finally said yes
 and then
 him and
 Dylan and Todd flew back to Boise in for the next week just sat in a room with a whole bunch of caffeine and figured out how to smush
 Dylan's editor into click funnels to get the editor um to be the editor that you guys know today
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions um through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing
 pull your phone out and actually text me a message okay now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797
 once again it's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 and then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 uh on top of that through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 uh let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 so I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes
 my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform so
 what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 one more time that's 208-231-3797 I can't wait to hear from you right now
