 Hey everyone, it's Russell Brunson. Welcome to the fourth and final
 installment here in the the interview with Andrew Warner at the Drive R Comedy Club where he's going deep into the click funnel startup story and
 I hope you've enjoyed it so far
 You know throughout this this entire interview is really fun is he brought my wife on stage
 And so my partner's on stage and brought other people who didn't like me at first on stage and kind of shared all these things
 I hope you guys are enjoying it and really enjoying this interview and I
 Hope that this starts making you think about your startup story. So you guys are living your startup story right now
 Maybe you're depressed or nervous or scared or afraid or whatever and hopefully this gives you motivation
 You know that I was there too. In fact, I'm still there many times
 But it's okay
 And it's part of the game and part of the process and someday you look back and you'll have someone like Andrew interviewing you about your
 startup story and
 You'll be so grateful for the trials and the things you're going through now
 So with that said we're in Cuba theme song we come back with some to part four of four
 And the quick funnel startup story interview with Andrew Warner at the Drive our comedy club
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 And I know a lot of you have asked me what's coming up next and Russell's gonna talk about that
 How you're gonna get to like sales force level, but why don't I take a couple of questions from someone?
 Is there anyone who's been sitting here going? I can't believe Andrew didn't ask that
 Is there anyone who has something that's standing out for them and should we just have them come on stage?
 We got Mike's from over there, okay
 All right a little bit deeper of a question
 So what is something I know you're strong in your faith family got I mean all kind of all around
 What's something that's really made you who you are you've mentioned before that made you that you as a marketer with your dad
 You're up late watching the information
 But what's something that inherently could have been experienced maybe a quote in the back of your mind
 That's just driven you it could have been something your parents taught you when you're a young
 What is is there?
 I mean it's kind of a little bit difficult the question to look back
 There's probably a million things but what are one or two that really stick out that make you the person that you are
 Have a million thoughts racing through my head the one that just popped in the front so I'll share that one
 Hopefully it's good. I
 Remember when I was a kid
 My dad gave me a job to go clean the car and we're not there. I cleaned the car
 I did my best job
 I thought and I came back in and I was like he dad's clean can I go play?
 I was like as I come look at it
 So I you can let me go out and play and he was like well is it like is it good?
 You proud of it? And I'm like I don't know he's like well you proud of it
 I'm like I don't know he's like well go go work on until you're proud of it and then come back and let me know
 I was like oh man so I go back out and I was like am I proud of this like I was thinking I guess technically
 I'm really not that proud of it
 So I was like trying to do more things try clean it better and then to point I was like actually proud of it
 I came back and I'm like dad I get the cars clean now
 I was like you proud of it like I am he's like hey you want to play then I think for me like that's such a big thing
 Because it was just like that the internal like am I proud of this thing that I'm giving them putting out there?
 And if not like keep doing it till you are
 and
 I don't know that was that was like one of the weird dad moments that he probably didn't mean as a teaching opportunity
 But definitely it's been big for me ever since then
 Good question
 Is there one on this side?
 While while you're finding the person who has a question Whitney did you have more to say you were gonna ask more right?
 Yeah, can you get the mic over to Whitney, please? She's right over here
 I know I didn't ask your full question
 Awesome, how you doing?
 So with your business what is back to like when you were first starting I kind of want to know
 What's the one thing like when when your business was was really hard when things were really struggling?
 What's the one thing that kept you going?
 There's just in the back of your mind and then I have a second part of that is
 What would you say was your your biggest failure and what was the greatest lesson that you learned from it?
 Okay
 Easy question biggest failure
 Oh man
 the first question was
 Was the first one again? I think about the biggest failure. I'm trying to
 Keep going
 Man
 Give me a sec are you going through that now or you are what are you going through right now?
 Can you stand up and get close to the mic? I could see that this is a meaningful question for a reason?
 What's going on be open?
 I'm just trying with my business. I'm trying to get my message out there. I'm really I'm just
 Baby parts of click funnels. I'm just figuring out like how to do a funnel, so but
 My company is called creating powerful women
 And so I'm just trying to teach women how to grow a business while they grow their family at the same time
 And I'm doing that right now because I have three little ten girls
 So I'm just like okay
 I'm still trying to figure out this myself and then teach women how to do it at the same time
 So it's just I'm still in that struggle phase
 It's partially because you're feeling like an imposter. How can I tell them what to do you?
 Yeah, how I'm like I feel like I need to have that success level before I can teach women how to go out and do it
 But I've but the reason when I found you in the hall and I said I want Russell to be vulnerable until like the
 nitty-gritty parts of the story and and those stories are what make people
 Relatable to you that's kind of where I'm as I realize that I grow a bigger following and a bigger audience when I'm more
 Relatable to them which I realize I don't need to be up at that level to do that so I get that
 Yeah
 Yeah, so my question for you is maybe working with women and helping them so far
 Tell me like a story of something you've helped it I'm curious
 So I went through postpartum depression a couple years ago after I had a baby and a lot of the women that I've been reaching out to
 When I shared those stories those women have been coming me saying hey, how do you get through this struggle?
 I know you've gotten past that and so I want to hear the hard stories that you went through and so a lot of the people that I've been
 Coaching one-on-one have been people that have gone through those exact same little things that I have okay
 When they when you do that and and you share the stuff with them and they get that that clicks for them. How's that feel?
 Like I'm fulfilling what I was put on this planet to do that's the thing that's the thing keeps me going
 Like it doesn't happen often but happens often enough that like I crave that like I like I'm super introverse
 There's always often people come to me but I still love when they come to me and like hey
 Just you know real quick like last night we were in we're in San Francisco or San Diego
 Excuse me and someone came up to me in in the hall and I was kind of like I
 Don't nervous talk to you because you're talking to me and you said hey just real quick
 You like legitimately changed my life you changed my family started like tearing up and I was just like they get I let myself feel that
 Just for a second and then go back to the awkwardness
 But for a second I feel that and just like that's what's about you know and I use voxer for my coaching clients
 Right so every time they've boxed me and they say something like that there's a little star button I start and it still
 Or some this huge like thing of all the starred ones so nowadays I'll go back and listen to that
 And I'll listen to people like two years ago said something about like how something I did
 Affected them and just like honey that feeling because all everything we do in this life for feelings right like everything
 Is it's just a feeling we're looking for we eat because we want a feeling we like we did this because I wanted a feeling like
 We're doing everything for a feeling
 So it's like if I can remember the feelings that of the thing I'm trying to get and I can experience it again
 Then it that's what what gets me and keeps me going
 And and I think that any of us that are lucky enough to have those feelings like a lot of times
 We forget about it
 It's like no like remember that because that's that's the thing when it's hard and it's painful in this dark
 It's that feeling that's just like oh, that's the and you remember that and you like let yourself experience it again for a minute
 And then for me that's like okay, I can get back up and go again
 Yeah, great question. I'm glad you asked it
 How about one more over there?
 You know what yeah, let's give a big round of applause, please
 I
 Was actually gonna ask a little bit about that vulnerable no really I was surprised so I'm big in the SaaS space
 I've been to dream for us for a lot of click funnels
 It's pretty rare that you see a CEO want to put themselves kind of on the on the roasting, you know side of things
 So you're from here from sandy. I was just kind of surprised
 What was it that really compelled you to want to come back do the scene you taught when I saw your email?
 I thought I was a clickbait scam
 Oh, it is we're selling something next just kidding
 I really thought I was gonna comment it was gonna be like a video your face spinning and it was gonna be like
 Haha, you know we're here because I follow click funnels, but it's just really rare
 I mean especially it being down in Utah County. That was kind of unique that way
 Wait one sec does click funnels actually allowed me to place people's city in the headline like I want someone from San Francisco
 You could oh all right I get it. Yeah, it's it's like Idaho. It said we're in the surrounding areas
 It's going out to 8,000 people limited seating
 So and as a marketer, I was just like it's just a real thing
 You know so I showed up and I was excited to see you, but why come back to Utah?
 What does this event mean to you and why I want to be vulnerable and kind of kind of open up and and I learned a lot about
 You personally that was great to hear from a business side. So yeah, so my my beliefs are
 And I believe we have the best software company the world so I'm gonna say start with that but like
 But if it's just about the software then it comes down to like
 Who's got what feature and then people are moving and shifting and changing because of the features right like that's the thing
 And we started click funnels was like no it has to be more than has to be like a thing
 Right and it's interesting because people who sign up for click funnels
 You like click on I had to come inside this way John can't do it doesn't work that way right because there's not for web
 I'm click funnels website builder for crying out loud like you boil it down. We are a website builder that is boring
 Right so people don't come for that they stay for that like that's why they stay
 That's why they they they they stay but they come because of the feeling and they would come because of the connection
 Like I want to be able to take the videos from here because if I can get more people who come through my funnels to hear this story
 They're gonna stick with click funnels because they realize that we have a soul. There's a reason behind this
 It's not just it's not just the software company who's trying to make a bunch of money
 We're actually we have a belief behind it and so that's why we do all these things
 Why I still write books is why we do videos if I do vlogs
 It's why we do it like this fun stuff because it builds connection with people and connection
 What keeps people staying even if some other companies have different features than we do or it's more there's cheaper more more expensive whatever
 And so that's that's the big reason why we still we still do it and then I thought it'd be fun to come down here
 Yeah, because it's you know, I grew up. I'm not far from here and it's just kind of a fun thing
 We've been working with the Harmon brothers
 We started another project with them and their family owns the drive our comedy club
 If you guys would watch a vid angel, that's one of their families companies and when vid angel had their little hiccups
 They shifted all the programming to to this to drive our comedy club
 so we used to watch all the comic comedians here and I was like this is like the coolest location do something like this and
 What are the other side jokes? I don't know if I showed this to you or just my head, but
 Andrews famous between these big Scotch nights and as a Mormon
 I can't drink Scotch and I was like what if we did this but it's like at a dry bar and just kind of this funny like
 Play off of that and it all worked out. So yeah, you know usually at events
 Do do Scotch night afterwards say everyone come back to my room that it's not gonna go over very well
 But they've been to mine he drinks water and feels comfortable. We have good water for Dave
 How about one more and then I want to get into the future
 So you always talk about how like for clickphones you guys took like six tries to find make it work
 Right and how like most of the time when you guys start something it doesn't work the first time
 That's we have audibles and those things so I was just wondering as someone that you know
 I'm starting and getting that kind of like that lift like what is the biggest thing that you see versus like a flop funnel versus
 Something that you know kind of takes off and explodes and like what's the odd where the change that you normally do that?
 Like that shift or the message change whatever it is that makes it finally take off
 Traditionally like the difference between a funnel that works and doesn't work
 I'd say it's
 It's probably 50% offer like if the offers wrong it's not gonna like let's use the first thing
 It's actually a good offer that people actually want
 Second then is usually like copy so looking like what's the hook thing?
 You know those kind of things and then designs probably probably third
 It's all the stuff that there and those guys didn't like it first like the things that because it's not like we just made up the stuff
 right it's you saw
 8,000 funnels we tested and tried in the in the journey of 15 years to this that
 It's like now, you know like what things people convert on and so it's just like looking at like looking at stuff that
 You know is working and modeling because you know like this structure works
 This kind of things but usually something's broken
 It's coming back and like figuring out like kids this offers not right people didn't want it and that was a problem click fun
 I was like the offer we took four or five times to get the offer right and so the offer is right
 Then it's like you can tell when it's right because people will buy even if you're you know
 Everything else is bad if you offer is amazing people give you money for you know
 So that's definitely the biggest part and then and from there this copy and then design and then then all the little
 Things that that stress some people out like me
 Yeah
 So I've got yeah, we'll come back
 I see that there are few people who had more questions. We'll come back to that in a moment including you and I promise
 I'll do more
 But you did tell me about all the different things that you guys are working on now of all of them
 What's the one that's going to get you the closest to salesforce level? Oh?
 That's a good question. There's so many things
 So I would say if you're I'm gonna ask you a question. All right. Have you ever played bigger yet?
 Play bigger the go playing bigger. No, what do you mean by that? That's in the book right play bigger. Oh playing bigger the book. No, yes
 So that book's been interesting. Yes, I'm read it. It's one of the biggest ones as a team we've been reading
 but it's all about like
 Designing a category and becoming the king of the category right?
 So I feel like we are the king of cat of sales funnels and that's like our
 That's our category
 That's the thing that's gonna be there right and then if you read through the book like the next phases are like
 Is building out the ecosystem that supports you as the category and the fascinating about Salesforce if you look at it
 We're not like I probably shouldn't say something video Sunday Mark Benioff's gonna watch this and you're like I'll never give you money
 but
 Like Salesforce isn't great software right? I guess it's this hub that things are tied into but the reason why they did 13 billion this year
 They're they're trying it to 20 billion is because they built this ecosystem right the ecosystem is what?
 Support sizzing and grows it up and builds it and it's that's like the next phase and so I think for us
 It's like we have this we have funnels which are the key that that's like it's like the CRM for them
 It's like the central point, but it's then it's then bringing all the ecosystem is building up all the other things around it
 Right letting other people create things on your platform becoming the platform. Yes becoming a true platform
 Can you create a platform when?
 What you want is the all-in-one solution when you're saying?
 You don't have to plug in your chat bot to ourself
 We're gonna be chat bots offer you don't have to plug in infusion self. We've got email marketing in here or Mailchimp
 It depends because you get
 Salesforce is similar to right they have their own things that they they're acquired and they bring them in or they build their own
 Things like that and I think it's a hybrid of that
 I think it's we we allow people to integrate because some people have tools there
 Like we will our goal is to always be the best sales funnel builder on planet
 We may not be the best email otter spawn in the world
 We have one and that increases our revenue and people who love us will use our email otter spawner
 But there may be some other one that's better, but it's not our big focal point
 There may be a chat bot that's got more features more things
 That's not gonna be our focus making the best but we've got one built in to make it so there will be that's that's kind of our
 Our thought is that we will have the things included so people want to go all in they can use it
 But they but if they love yours because these things they can bring that and still bring it in
 You know and then as we grow who knows with you know the next phase is the acquisitions defining the best part is people
 That have most of our members using start acquiring companies and bringing me in internally similar what what Salesforce does
 growing the platform
 people build on your platform and then does that make the platform more valuable or do you guys get a share of
 The money that people spend on these extra tools both I think I think it makes I mean stripe for example
 I write I think we process 1.7 billion dollars through striping and we make over a million bucks a year from stripe
 Referral fees for just letting them connect with us right?
 So there's there's value on both sides that makes it the platform or valuable because people can use it easier
 We also make money that direction as well and those type of things
 Okay, and then what is action analytics action action edicts excuse me so that's Todd's name. He loved that name anyway
 so action edicts is
 It's what we call internally follow up funnels
 So we have sales funnels which are page one page two page three page four and then a follow up funnel is send this email
 send this text message here's the
 Retargeting pixels here's the thing so it's the follow up funnels
 It's it's all of the communication that's happened after somebody leaves the page with your with your audience
 And that's a new product that you guys are creating. Yeah, it's been it's actually we make more revenue from action
 Next to me from clickfunnels right now really we've never marked it outside though
 And I can't get access to it. It asked me for my username and password. I said I don't
 How do I sign up for?
 The it's only been in beta
 So we opened up a fun lacking live people sent up there and then we kept it down for a year
 And then we opened it a so two fun like lives we opened it at and then on my birthday
 We opened it and that's it but we have
 It's over it's like 12 13,000 members who are who have upgraded to that and then we're probably a couple weeks away from the actual public launch where
 People will be able to get everyone will be able to
 Spend more money on that then clickfunnels because it starts at $300 a month versus 100
 So it's the sentient up so they go from a hundred bucks a month to $300 a month
 And then the new one it scales with you so because we're sending emails and Facebook message things like that
 It gives us the ability to grow with the platform as well and not just have a $200 a month
 When it's my my pay at thousand or five thousand pending on how big their lists are
 You're really good at these upsells. You're really good at these extra features
 How do you think about what to add what how how did the rest of us think about it based on what's worked for you?
 Okay, that's a great question and everyone thinks it's a it's a
 Pro the question most people ask is like what price points should my upsells be is nothing to do with that has a hundred percent to do with like
 The logical progression of events for your customer, right? So like when something comes to you and they buy something
 Like listen say it's weight loss, right?
 So they come to you and they buy a weight loss product book right and this is how to get abs
 So they buy that second they second they put their credit card and they click the button in their mind
 That problem has now been solved like I now have six pack abs
 Second it's done and people don't think that so what people do wrong is next page like who we bought my abs book
 Do you want my abs video series? It's like no, I just solved that problem. I gave you money
 It's been solved so we have to think through fruit larger love sells is like okay
 I just got abs. What's the next logical thing? I need so it's like cool
 We got abs now, but how do I buy something we can work? Yeah?
 This is my train program to grow here, right?
 For funnels is like here's this funnel software or here's this here's this book teaching to do funnels
 But like after you have a fun we need traffic so traffic's the next logical progression
 So soon as someone's bought something my mind in the customer's mind
 I believe that that problem has been solved and it's like hey, what what's the new problem?
 That's been opened up because that problem has been solved
 I got my email addresses because it click funnels the next problem probably gonna have is what do I send to people and that's what you're solving?
 What about this?
 Fill your funnel. It's it's a new software. Yeah, so
 How do you know these things?
 That is good. You have been digging
 So so I'm writing my third book right now
 It's called traffic secrets and then on the back of it
 We have software it's called fill your funnel that that matches how we do traffic with it with the with the book
 So some of these the book you log in and the way we do traffic we focus very heavily on like influencers
 We call it the dream 100 so you come in and you log in you're like, okay
 Here's the people in my market. There's Tony Robbins
 There's Andrew there so you you list all these people and that starts pulling all their data scraping all their ads
 They're funnels and everything and shows you everything that's happening in their company
 So you can reverse engineer it for what you're doing
 So if I admire what John is doing for you guys
 I could put you in the software
 You'll show me what you guys are doing and then I'll be able to scrape it and do myself
 You're nodding and you're okay with that
 Wow
 Excited have you been doing that is that part of what's worked for you guys at click funnels?
 And so you're actively looking to see what man is an interview that be so good for me to understand what people are doing to get like traffic to their sites
 All right, and so by everybody's product everyone's about drew is like six times
 Just because the process is fast a DC
 And then the book
 What's the name of the book traffic secrets? Why is everything a secret?
 What is that? I don't know
 No, I feel like you do I remember was I think I'll convert's 100% because of our converts
 Because the word secret out converts in everything everything's that I'm like I used on stage bake
 Top three myths the top three strategy top three lies the top three everything and like secrets always out converted everything else
 And then and so that's the name of this book. I'm looking here to see yeah
 Melanie she told me when you organize this event you said secret project
 That's it so I and then if I just tell people it's happening then they like oh cool
 I need you have to build a anticipation even within your team and especially
 Yes, so secret is one big thing. What else you do?
 Secret attacks
 Interested by saying it's a secret book. So I'll tell him the beginning of a survey. Oh my gosh
 She has I was listening I was just cleaning the wrestling room and I was going through this thing and I was listening to Andrew
 And he was doing this campfire chat and it was amazing and he's telling this whole story and I have his ideas gonna be amazing
 But I'll tell you guys about tomorrow
 So what happens now is they've got a whole night to like marinate on this and be like what in the world and they go excited and then when they
 When they show up they're anticipating me telling them and then I tell them then I get the response I want if I tell them they're like oh
 Cool, I'm like no like you missed it like I need that I need that in fact
 I'll share ideas all the time. I'll I'll pitch it out there just to see like I know if it looks a good idea because Brett will be like
 I got chills Dave will start freaking out. I just and that's why no I'm like, okay
 It was a good idea. They're like oh, that's cool. I'm like crap. I'm not doing that one
 I've heard one of the things one of the reasons you guys hang out together is one
 He's an extrovert and you're an introvert, but the other one is Dave will like one up you
 It starts the process. This is so the bubble soccer event. We did
 Initiatives like we're gonna have influencers or launching the viral video and then like we need
 Let's bring some people into it and then then
 We're asking someone somebody who could bring like big influencers like yeah do something crazy get a Ferrari
 Let him drive over it in a monster truck and I was like that seems extreme
 I was like what if we like played football in the boys estate stadium the days like what if we did bubble soccer and like what if we tried to set against
 book a role and then next thing we know we're all against book a world record champion bubble soccer players so
 It was amazing
 And that's the thing that I've heard about your office environment that it's this kind of atmosphere where see for me
 Look at me. I've got that New York tension when I talk to my people and I talk to everyone
 I'm like go to do something already and you guys like fun
 There's a bubble ball pit or whatever in the office. Am I right?
 Michael we need a we're gonna create new office
 Let's have a bowling alley in it and it's a relationship. That's the truth. That's the truth
 This is also tell you like we need to do some this weekend date night. It's a secret
 Maybe I need to do more of that huh
 Yes, does he use persuasion techniques on you? It doesn't work on her. No, she's the only person I can't persuade
 It's amazing her. My powers are useless against my wife
 It's unfortunate. Do you actually use them or when it comes to the house you go come on? I'm tired already just
 I tried to do something today and she's like that was the worst sales pitch ever. I'm like dang it
 All right, I'll try again
 Hey, Siri text my wife. I've got plans for tomorrow and I so good ruffled just told me about it
 I'll tell you later. Secret period, send
 Wow, wait, does anyone know how I could get a babysitter here?
 It's a little too eager to spend time with my kids
 Thank you
 All right, I said that I would take a few more questions. I know we're almost at a time here
 Who was it? There was someone on the right here was especially like look
 Uh, yeah, you who just pointed behind you. Hi, okay, Russell. So I've been in your world since about um 2016
 You know hang on a second. What who the I'm sorry to curse who the **** comes to software venting goes
 I've been in your world. This is amazing about you. I'm in San Francisco. There's nobody who goes
 I'm so glad I've been in the the hub spot where no this diet doesn't work that way. I'm sorry. I had to interrupt like
 Okay
 He's selling you software you're in this world. You have to listen to his podcast. It's it's a
 It's just him. He talks about it. It's a you
 It's a universe
 He creates a universe like to be my mind. I thought it was him in like a professional studio
 I saw him in San Francisco. He's talking into the voice recorder on his phone
 Okay. Yeah
 I got a feeling that Russell's gonna go at some point
 Religion is just an info product
 Think I could do a better job here
 All right, yeah
 Okay
 I entered the ClickFunnels universe in 2016
 and um since that time I came in with a lot of hopes and a lot of um it was just it was a really exciting experience to have you break down
 The marketing that's you like really simplified it, right? So I see that. Um, I'm an ambassador for the one
 Comic Club challenge right now and people are coming in with such high hopes and such tremendous faith and trust in you
 And um, I have friends that I've you know brought into it and everything and they're coming in just like they're really
 Staking a lot on what they how they've been persuaded to join your universe
 And so well, sorry universe is the wrong word
 But from that like I guess the question is there's a few things
 I think a lot of people are afraid of that type of responsibility in um the products that they're delivering and of course
 There is a tremendous failure rate of people who don't get what they're you know
 Persuaded and and so there's a lot of magnification on the two comic club and um the people that are through successes
 But the question that I have is the responsibility that you feel for that
 I feel that you feel the responsibility because you're constantly looking for new ways to
 Simplify to bring in new coaches to bring in the new teams like make products and offers that are I mean completely irresistible
 Truthfully, I mean, I went to funnel hacking live. I'm not I'm not spending any money. Okay, $20,000 later, but
 I mean, it was truthly so irresistible
 So I but but you you've like crafted such unique things in an effort to truly serve that client and really
 Get them to the place that they're looking to go
 So I'm not sure if the question's coming out, but it's a lot of responsibility that all these bright-eyed bushy tailed, you know
 Wanna be marketers um are coming in really truthfully feeling the genuine the genuine
 You know just just truth that you're telling them but then like there's a big crash and burn rate too, which is normal in that space
 I'm not sure what the question is but
 Congratulations to the people in the two comma club. What about the people in the no comma club?
 What do you feel as a sense of obligation to the people who aren't yet there?
 What do you what do you feel about that the question?
 Is that right? I guess the question is so there's there's two parts
 One is the responsibility that other people are feeling the fear that they're feeling to put something out there because they're afraid of a failure rate
 So just like um waiting over there was talking about she you know, she's she's got those fears
 So there's normal fears that come along with that and so how you deal with that in that not
 It's not because of lack of delivery on your end
 But there are still people who are spending tremendous amounts of money or small amounts of money that just aren't getting what it is
 so um
 It's really about your internal feelings about that topic. I see the question in um
 There's a lot of ways I can answer it. I'm trying to think um
 You know for me, it's it's um, I think it's a big reason why I do have a construct
 I do feel like um a huge obligation to people who who sign up for our stuff, right?
 And so it's like I'm always thinking how do we simplify this? How do we simplify it?
 What's the best way to do it? Like what's the thing that's also what like creates innovation, right?
 So it creates the ideas is is that like how do we serve these people better? How do we serve them better?
 um
 Probably the best analogy in fact Brandon over here was working on a video and he sent me uh last night
 I had a chance to watch which was really cool. Um
 Uh, we had Sean Stevenson speak the second funnel hacking live. Is anyone there for that one?
 Cauli guys and um he gave this Sean seems to be knowing him as a three-foot giant
 He's his little dude in the wheelchair. He went with coolest humans on earth and um and he told the story
 It was funny because um now I have like another emotional connection watching it
 The last night actually watching it and he um tried about stories like how many guys here are upset because you got like
 17 followers on facebook and you got you know 13 likes on your youtube video and you're like you're pissed because of all the stuff, right?
 And I think a lot of people though like I'm trying this thing. I'm you know, I'm not milling here
 Yeah, I'm not making any money and blah blah and like they're upset about that, right?
 And what Sean said he's like he's like um do you know how um
 Did you know how they they choose who they're going to save when a helicopter is flying into an ocean and there's a boat that's wrecked with all these people?
 Guess how they choose who they're going to save?
 And he said the what happens the helicopter drivers?
 They fly over them they go down people are going to save them and says guess who they save they save the people they're swimming towards you
 He says like that's how you do is if you try to save everyone they'll drown you'll drown the boat and everybody dies
 But you say the people they're swimming towards you and they came back to say you know those 17 likes on your on your video
 Like those are the people they're swimming towards you like you have to understand that and so for me
 It's like we talk about the money because it gets people inspired
 But like when it all comes down the real internal belief like no one really cares about the money, right?
 They want the feeling of the connection and the help and they want to change the world
 They have like they have their thing
 And so it's like we talk about the money because it gets people excited but but I don't know anybody who that's the real reason why they're in business
 Like they're in it because they want they want to help those people that are coming towards them
 And and so you notice when you get deeper into the culture, right? It's not just money money money money
 It's like how do you serve? How do you change the world? How can you get your message clear?
 How can you do those things when you shift from the money to that then the money starts magically coming?
 And so for me, it's just like how do we get people thinking that way more often?
 I don't know if that's the right answer that helps at all, but it is definitely something I feel a big obligation for but
 I also feel like I'm super grateful for the people who were willing to I'm grateful to don the pre
 Spend all the money doing the infomercial on that thing and I didn't implement it back then when I was 14, right?
 I'm grateful the next guy who who re-expired me and I bought thing and I didn't do anything in the next person who and all the things because
 Eventually it's stuck, right?
 And so for me, it's like I'm gonna keep creating offers and keep doing cool things and keep trying to inspire people because it might not be the first or the second or the fifth
 But like eventually if I keep being consistent on my side
 It's gonna keep getting it and eventually the right people those who who actually have
 Something they want to share who actually like care about what they're doing will figure out the way
 And we're just gonna keep trouble raising and trying to do our best to to make a path that they can they can all follow
 And so that's kind of how I look at it
 Great question
 Let's close it out with one more
 Yes, or
 Dave, did you find someone because I just found someone right here. Why don't we do two more then since you found one and I felt what's your name?
 Sorry Parker
 Parker yo next or oh there we go
 Let's go to Parker next and we'll close it out with him
 All right, so the biggest question I have for you Russell is I've seen you guys as amazing
 Amazing group you guys have at ClickFunnels and every time I go in your guys's office
 It's nothing but just like excitement energy and not only you have to like inspire
 You don't have to inspire your workers to work for you
 They come like they're excited and hearing your amazing story is that
 John and Brett had of they stayed with you for all this time and they you pushed them and they pushed you and there's this amazing cycle
 I'm curious as far as because I want to have an amazing
 Group like that one too so I can affect affect the world the same way that you have and even do better than you you did
 And it's like it's like a completely admiration thing like that's like that's I don't know cut from the same clock here
 That's uh who's dad
 Yeah
 But no uh the question I have for you is how do you find those people is it nothing but like a whittling out process or do you see
 These people these characters is already in the people that you have wait one sec
 How old are you? I'm 20 years old 20 years old
 You admire your dad and the guy who works with so much that you want to not just be like him but be more like him
 Can you talk can you take care of my kid tonight?
 Sorry, that's a mate does your dad come home with like this this energy like we're gonna capture the world
 Here's what we're gonna do it is the funniest thing oh my gosh
 So every way you see him on online social media the heck it is it's exactly the same way he's at home
 When you see him on the tv like talking about like oh like this is like when you interview him
 Not just podcast. I see that thing. All right
 So you know what motivates you to yeah
 What do you motivate you to do to like to sell as a kid or to upsell as a kid?
 You know, so he would like talk to us like that
 He was a salesperson basically in the aspect of like he talks about things as far as like this person a terrible job at selling
 They could have done this this this and this and like we're like 10 years old. I think at the time
 I think I don't know it's more of a recent change
 Since he's joined click funnels, and it's got this amazing excitement and energy
 And it's an amazing thing that I wish to have people like my dad when I'm not becoming a when I start to do my own thing
 That's it's contagious. Isn't it? I'm done watching. What's this new vlog that you've got?
 It's on Russell. It's on uh Russell Brunson's youtube channel, right? I'm at the end of it going
 Hell yeah, why am I taking a shower now? I gotta go. I got stuff to do
 Right these guys are out there taking over San Francisco. That's my city
 So I guess you're feeling the same way at home
 Right a city now is there twice. He suddenly owns a place
 So your question was oh so yeah, my question was basically
 How do you find these amazing people to work to work not only for you but with you and to help you accomplish your dream
 Is it a whittling out process or is it yet this and they an ability to like find people
 So as you were saying I started thinking I'm thinking about like the partners on our team
 Who none of them came through like help one of side none of them came through like
 Brent went to church with me and he showed up every single week
 Every single month he was my home teacher and showed up every single month consistently and we became friends and then we did stuff together
 John
 Married my cousin. We were on the boat in the middle of the lake and he pitched me on a network marketing opportunity
 I was like, I love this guy and then I pitched him back and then like we just
 And it was amazing and then um, you know, dave
 We were an event like this and then we had a sign up sheet
 If you wanted to take the speakers out to dinner and dave ran back and signed up every single line under mind
 So I went to every single meal for three days like it's just
 I think a big part of it
 Like I think most entrepreneurs can't build a team because they're they're like waiting to build a team
 And I think for me it was like I didn't know what I was doing so I just started running
 And what happens when you're moving forward and emotions happening like people will people get attracted to that
 And some people will come for you know, bad reasons and they'll leave people and you know
 I've been taking advantage of multiple times like things like that will happen, but the right people will stick around
 But it's all about it's the motion, right?
 That's what people are attracted to is like something's happening like I don't know what's happening
 But I want to be on that train and they start coming and so I think it's just taking the the initiative like hey
 I'm gonna start running and I have no idea if anyone's gonna follow me ever
 But if I do this and I keep doing consistently then people will and you know, it's been it's a consistent thing
 I'm 15 years into this business now. I'm 8 000 funnels deep
 But it's a consistency and like when you do that and you're consistent in the right people to start coming into your life
 and um, but not waiting for initially if I had waited to build my team initially like
 We wouldn't have a team, right? Everyone we met is like in the as we were having motion the right people started showing up
 all right
 Thanks. All right, speaking of thank you
 How many people here are actually at click funnels if you work at click funnels can can you guys stand up if you work at click funnels?
 There you go. I feel like at the end of this everyone's gonna want to go and
 meet Russell everyone's gonna want to go and
 Mob him and he's not that social number one
 Number two. I feel like you're gonna pass up these fan frickin tastic conversations
 I've gotten to know the people who work here a lot really well in preparation for this
 I really urge you to see the guy the people who are wearing these t-shirts get to know them push them into a corner
 Understand what's working for them and really you're fantastic people. Thanks so much for helping me do this
 All right, and thank you for having me on here. I I really appreciate you being open being
 willing to let me take this anywhere you said
 I understand what Andrew's trying to do is trying to figure this out
 I'm gonna let him run with it and let him make the magic happen. I think we've made a lot of magic happen
 Thanks so much for having me here. Yeah, man. It's me. Thank you. Thank you all for coming. I'm looking forward to meeting everyone of you
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing
 Pull your phone out and actually text me a message. Okay now the phone over in your text is 208
 231
 3797 once again, it's 208
 231
 3797 when you text me just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away
 Free copies of my book
 I'll let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208
 231
 3797 one more time. That's 208
 231
 3797 I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
