 Good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson and welcome you back to the marketing secrets podcast
 And you guys are in for a very special treat over the next four episodes
 Let me give you some context of what's gonna happen and why you should be so excited. All right, so
 my
 Favorite podcast other than mine of course that all of you should be subscribed to is called Mixer G
 And Andrew Warner is the guy who runs make sure you podcast and I love that
 Podcast because of Andrew like he is my favorite interviewer if you look at how a lot of people do interview podcasts
 They ask questions and they're I don't know and I I've suffered from this in the past is like
 I'm not a good interviewer at least not now
 I'd like to learn how to do that skill
 But I'm not a great interviewer and most people who do podcasts with interviews aren't like great interviewers
 Andrews like
 like the best interview I've ever seen the way he asked questions how DP goes and like and
 And the research he does before the interviews and all sorts of stuff and so anyway
 I just I love his style. I love how he does it and so
 What's cool is I have actually been on the show twice in the past and the first time
 Sorry the second time he totally caught me off guard like he remember he asked me some questions
 I didn't really know and I responded and
 And he told me after or told me like live on the interview. He doesn't edit his interviews
 He was like well, that was the worst answer you've ever given like oh thanks
 Anyway, it was it was just totally caught me off guard
 It was cool the way that he was just like kind of holds your feet to the fire and so a little while ago
 I thought you know I wanted to I wanted to tell the click funnel startup story and so
 But I didn't want to be just me just tell I want someone who like who would who'd tell from a different angle and like
 ask the questions that that I think people want to know and and
 Do it in a really cool way and so I call Andrew as like hey
 I'm wanted to do this thing and I want to do an event around it. Would you be interested and he was like
 Luckily said yes, and so it's funny Andrew's famous
 I think I might talk about this in the interview to you, but he's famous for these scotch nights
 He does and as a Mormon. I don't drink so I can't you know
 I can't go to scotch nights and so when we plan this interview we planned it in Provo, Utah
 It's a place called the dry bar comedy club so a dry bar is a bar with no alcohol
 And so it was caught in a funny thing where we brought you know that those two things my world and his role together
 To this one spot to a dry bar and told the click funnel startup story and it was cool ahead of time
 He did so much research he interviewed people who loved me people who hated me he interviewed
 You know our old business partners who are not only a part of the business
 He did everything and then he came and I told him I was like everything's you can ask me any question you want nothing off nothing
 No holds barred
 you know feel free to every want and so we did the interview and it was about two hours long and
 I loved it. I think it turned out amazing and I hope you guys like it too
 So tell you some of the some the details about the click funnel startup story
 Like how we built what we did what happened the ups the downs the negatives the positives
 He brings a couple of people on stage to tell their parts of the story and
 Anyway, I really hope you enjoy it. So we're gonna do is I'm gonna have each episode over next four episodes
 We'll be about 30 minutes long so you can listen to him in pieces
 And I hope you enjoy him. Hope you love him if you do please please please take a screenshot of your phone
 We're listening to it and go post it on Instagram or Facebook and tag me
 And then do hashtag marketing secrets and hopefully I'll get more people to listen to the podcast
 And then please if you haven't yet go rate and review which amazing
 So that said I'm gonna queue up the theme song and we come back
 We'll start immediately into part one of four of the dry bar comedy club interview
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 ClickFunnels has changed a lot of our lives. We all have an origin story
 Mine was something similar to I set up my website on GoDaddy and
 Thanks for going great and then Dave Woodward's like dude
 You need click funnels
 I'm like I don't need a click funnel. I don't even know what a click funnel is
 He's like no seriously man. This is gonna totally change your business. I'm like bro. I
 Have go daddy. They have a commercial on the Super Bowl
 Clickful click funnels doesn't but when they do I'll do it. Well boy was I wrong
 I changed over and absolutely changed our business and changed our lives. So thank you for that Dave
 But here's the thing in every industry there's somebody that comes along that
 Really disrupts the industry that really changes it and that really does something
 amazing for that industry and
 as we all
 Why we're here we know that that person is Russell Brunson and he has changed a lot of our lives. So before I bring him up here
 They have asked me to ask you to make sure that you don't do any live recording of this next interview
 Because the gloves are coming off and they want to be able to present to the world
 You can do little Instagram clips if you'd like like 15 second ones and tag them
 My understanding is the best hashtag and the best clip gets a date with Drew. I don't know. That's just what they told me so
 Blame them
 But with that again, no
 videoing and
 Let us just absolutely take the roof off this place as we bring up our beloved
 Russell Brunson give it up guys
 All right, well, thanks for coming you guys. This is so cool and
 Excited be here so a couple of real quick things before we get started
 For all of you guys, you know who came to be part of this we had y'all donate a little bit money towards
 Operation Underground Railroad and I'm really excited because Melanie told me right before I got here kind of the total
 How much money raised from this little event for them?
 So I think the final number was a little over $13,000 was raised for Operation Underground Railroad
 So thank you guys for continuous you continue support with them just put that in perspective
 That's enough money to to save about five children from sex slavery
 So that's a it is a big deal and it's life-changing thing and so it's it's pretty special
 So grateful for you guys for donating money to come here and hope you had a good time so far has been fun
 Okay, I really want to tuck my shirt in now. I'm feeling kind of awkward
 Now it's been awesome
 Okay, so we're gonna I want to introduce
 The person is gonna be doing the interview tonight and it's someone I'm really excited to have here
 In fact, I've met him for the first time like an hour ago in person
 But I want to tell kind of the reason why I wanted him to do this and why we're all here and I'm grateful
 He said yes, and was willing to come out here and kind of do this
 So and Andrew runs a podcast called mixer G. How many guys in here are mixer G listeners?
 All right
 Mixer G is my favorite podcast. I love it
 He's interviewed thousands of people about their startup stories and about how they started their businesses
 And it's really cool because he brings the entrepreneurs and he tells gets them to tell their stories
 But what's unique about what Andrew does? It's fascinating is the way he interviews people is completely different. It's unique
 I listened a lot of podcasts and I don't like a lot of interview shows a lot of them are just kind of high level
 Everyone you listen to with Andrew he gets really really deep
 The other fun thing is he doesn't
 Edit his interviews and so there's one interview
 I'll tease him about this right now
 But I was listening to it in my on my headphones and him and the the guests got kind of an argument and a fight
 And then just ended and then they aired it and I was like I can't believe you aired that it was amazing
 And then I was on his podcast a little while later and he asked me some questions
 I couldn't quite understand perfectly so I was trying to respond the best I could and then kind of like fumble through it
 And instead of letting me off the hook his his response was man Russell
 That was probably the worst answer I've ever heard you give in any interview ever
 I was like oh my gosh like and so I'm aside for tonight because I told him there's like no holds bar
 He asked me anything he he wants about the ups of click funnels the downs a click funnels
 Anything else and it's gonna be it's gonna be a lot of fun. So I'm aside have him here
 So with that said let's put our hands together for mr. Andrew Warner
 My mic is right over here. Thank you everyone. Thanks Russell for having me here most people will
 Contact me after I interview them and say could you please not air the interview?
 And you actually had me back here to do it in person
 And you were so nice you even got us this room here check this out
 They set us up. They're so nice at click funnels. They said Andrew you're staying here
 We're gonna put you and your family up the night before in a room. My wife was so good. Look that's her journaling
 My kids were playing around sleeping in the same like sleeping together enjoying themselves and then I went to call somebody who
 Basically let go from click funnels
 And my wife goes Andrew why do you have to do that? That's not why they invited you here and I said I do know Russell
 I know the team
 They actually did invite me to really help get to the story of how click funnels started
 How it built up and the reason that I was up
 Calling people understanding the stories because I want to make it meaningful for you
 I've talked a lot of you as you were coming in here
 You want to know how they got here what worked for click funnels?
 What would work for us?
 And so that's my goal here to spend the time understanding by interviewing you about how you did it
 And so I want to go way back to a guy that a few of you might recognize and I know you would and
 Ask you what drew you to this guy when you were younger
 Don the pre
 One tiny classified ad in the newspaper that makes just 30 to 40 dollars profit in a week
 It could make you a fortune because the secret is learning how to take that one tiny class
 Classified ad that just made 30 to 40 dollars profit in a week and to realize that you could now take that same
 exact ad and place it in up to
 3000 other newspapers around the country
 I'm having the stalks right now. Okay, so this is the story on that so I was
 13 years old something like that and I was watching the news with my dad and usually he's like go to bed
 Russell and he didn't that night and then the news got over I think he thought I was asleep and then
 Mash came on and so mash started playing and then it got over then this
 Infomercial showed up and I'm laying there on the couch like watching dawn the pre talk about tiny classified ads
 I was totally freaking out and I
 Jumped up and I begged my dad to buy it and he said no and I was like are you kidding?
 Did you not listen what he said you guys just hear that was a good pitch, huh?
 It's really good. I love a good pitch. It is so good
 And so I went and asked my dad if I could earn the money
 So I went and mowed the lawns and then I earned the money or the kid and I still have the original books to this day
 Whoa
 Oh, you disappointed I bought it too. It was the dream of being able to dust
 I like you so much. That's amazing and it was just all he sent you was a bunch of paper like guides to how to buy ads, right?
 Were you disappointed when you got that? No, I was excited. I think for me because
 Like the vision was cast it was like he just said right there
 It worked for his that you made $40 in newspaper
 And if you're disappointed because that same ad in 3,000 newspapers
 Imagine that and so I had the vision of that I think only thing I was just appointed is like didn't have any money to actually buy an ad
 And that was the more like I don't I can't actually do it now
 You are a champion wrestler and then you got married
 Is your wife here my beautiful wife right here Collette hey Collette
 And your dad had a conversation with you about money. What did you say?
 So at that point my dad had supported me and I figured he would the rest of my life. I don't know
 So I was 21 almost 22
 This time I was wrestling so I didn't have a I couldn't get a job
 So I was wrestling all the time and I met Collette fell in love with her and then I called my parents
 I was like hey, I'm gonna marry her. I'm gonna propose to her and everything
 Expecting them like sweet that'll be awesome and my mom is excited and not gonna lie
 But then my dad was like well
 Just so you know like if you get married like like you have to be a man now like you have to support yourself
 And I was like but I don't know how to do that. I'm wrestling and he's like well
 I'm not gonna keep paying for you to do I'm like but I'm like literally got the ring
 I have like I can't not propose now and that was kind of the the thing and so
 It was interesting because about that time
 There was another infomercial. There's the pattern
 About I can't remember exactly the name of the company
 But they were doing a an event at the hobo cool holiday in that was like hey
 You're gonna build websites and make money and I was like it was like the night or they're two days after I told my dad
 This and he was like you're in trouble. I saw that I was like there's the answer
 So I might holiday in like two days later sitting in the room hearing the pitch signing up for stuff. I shouldn't about
 There's the pattern did you feel like a loser getting getting
 Getting married at 22 and still counting on your dad for money
 Did you feel like you were marrying a loser?
 Actually, this is a sad story so
 Because she actually so well my roommate at the time she actually asked him
 I she's like do you think he's gonna be able to support me in the future and he was like yeah
 I think so I'm like I didn't know this till later
 I don't like a loser, but I definitely was nervous like I'm like oh my gosh because like
 My whole identity to the my that point my life was I was a wrestler and like if that was to disappear
 Like I couldn't have that disappear and so I was like I have to figure out something
 There's gonna be some way for me to do both
 Um to do both what to be a wrestler and make money from some infomercial?
 That was gonna be the path, but yeah, no, but to be able to do that you were gonna do something
 What do you think that was gonna be?
 I wasn't sure like
 When I went to the event they were selling
 These like timeshare books and you could buy resale rights to them
 And so I was like oh and I remember back because I remember the dawn the pre stuff right
 I was like maybe I could buy classified ads and sell these things
 And then I was at the event and then they're talking about websites and I that was the first thing I heard about websites
 And they're talking about
 Google and all the beginnings of this whole internet thing right and so I was like I could do that and it was making it made all
 logical sense to me
 But I just didn't know how you know I didn't know how to do it
 I just knew that like that was gonna be the only path because if I had to get a job
 I wouldn't be able to wrestle so I was like I had to figure out something that's not
 This is not going to be a 40-hour thing because I'm spending that time wrestling and going to school
 So I had to figure out the best of how to do both
 And you obviously found it my goal today is to go through this the process of finding it
 But let me skip ahead a little bit. What is this website?
 Oh man, all right this
 This is actually so the back story behind this is um
 There was a guy named Vince James who wrote a book called the 12-month millionaire
 And if anyone's got that book, it's it's fat like a phone book
 It's a huge book
 And I read it and I was like this book's amazing and at the time I was an affiliate marketer
 So I had a little bit I like maybe a thousand people on my list
 So I called Vince I was like, hey, can I interview about the book and then I'll use that as a tool to sell more copies of your book
 And he was like sure and so he jumped on the phone with me and um on a Saturday and he spent three hours interviewing
 Uh letting me interview any questions I had and I got to the end of it
 And I still had like a ton of questions. He's like, we'll come back next we can do it again
 So I interviewed him for six hours about it
 And then we used that to sell some copies of his book and then it just sat there
 Probably for two or three years as I was trying different ideas and for businesses and things like that
 But every time I talk to people I tell them about this interview, I'm like, I'm interviewed this guy who made a hundred million dollars through direct mail
 And uh and everyone's like wanted to hear the interview every every asked me for it
 So one day I was like, let's just make that let's make that the product and we put up here
 And this was the very first funnel we ever had that did over a million dollars my first two comic club funnel
 A million dollars. Do you remember what that felt like? It was amazing because uh
 um
 It was funny back then because there were people there were a few people who were like making a lot of money online
 I was watching and just like idolizing everything you were doing. I was trying to model what they were doing
 Um, and I had like little wins like, you know, $10,000 here $15,000 here
 But this was the first by far the first one that just like it just hit everyone was so excited to hear it
 I have to celebrate
 Um
 I don't even remember how we celebrated. Wow
 Yeah, married a winner after all
 I really what do you remember what you guys did to celebrate?
 No, I don't remember
 Is that my list that's a good question. Oh, that list is going to come up in a second. Oh
 You ended up creating click funnels. How much revenue you guys doing now 2018?
 Uh 2018 will pass over $100 million this year just coming in a year
 A million dollars. Wow. We
 Yeah
 How far how far have you come?
 Um
 Like when do we start or today revenue as of today? October 2018. Oh this year? Yeah, uh, from the beginning of time till now
 No, no, I mean, I want to know like you're gonna do a hundred million dollars
 Are you at 10 and you're hoping to?
 These guys are no better me. Do you know exactly where we're at right now?
 83 million for the year
 I love that Dave knows that right to so I want to know how you got to that from I went through your site pages and pages
 It looked like this it's like long form sales letters. I asked my assistant to take pictures
 She said this is I can't do it. It's too many. Look at this guys
 I asked him to help me like figure out what he did he created this list
 This is not the full list. Look at this. Every blue line is him finding an old archive of a page that he created
 It goes on and on like this
 How long did it take you to put that together?
 It's probably five or six hours just to find all five or six hours you spent to find these images to help me tell the story
 and years and years of doing this a lot of failure what amazes me is
 You didn't feel jaded and let down after Don LaPree so do that stuff
 You didn't feel jaded and let down and said this whole make money thing is a failure after and we're gonna talk about some of your failures
 You just kept going with that same smile the same like eagerness
 All right, let's start with the very first business. What's this one?
 This is
 How do you remember sublime net out there anyway?
 So I remember this anyone remember it you do John does John
 So actually this is so this is the first business but the first website I bought I was so proud of it and
 um, I spent like I don't know I wanted to create I wanted to sell software and so I was like
 What could I name my company?
 It's like I figured out exciting software someone by site where calm
 But it wasn't for sale and so I'm like site where dot net and klept was working at the time
 She came home and I was so excited. I'm like we got our first website
 We're gonna be rich and I told her the name I was like it's site where dot net and she looked at me with this look like
 She said are we be selling underwear or what is the
 as a
 Laundry I'm like, I'm like, you know, it's it's software and then she's like you keep
 I'm not gonna tell my mom that you bought that like you had think of another name and I was like crap
 And so that was the next best name I came up with was sublime net
 I feel like the band sublime
 That was it and I was gonna ask you what it was but it was lots of different things every screenshot on there's a whole other business
 Under the same name. What are the businesses? Do you remember?
 Um, there was website hosting. There's affiliate sites. There were
 I can't remember now trying to remember lots of different things. How did you do? How well did you sell rice?
 Oh never anything very little like maybe I remember the first thing I've sold was a it was an affiliate product
 I sold I made 20 bucks on it did my PayPal account
 I remember that and I I do remember I celebrated we went out to dinner and had a PayPal credit card
 And then we bought dinner with 20 bucks and then the guy refunded like the next day. Oh
 So sad
 But I was proud that I had made money. How'd you support yourself while this was not working?
 I didn't so my beautiful wife did she had two jobs at the time
 to support me while I was wrestling and doing these things and
 She was the one that made it possible to be able to gamble and risk and try crazy things
 Can I put you on the spot and ask you to just come come over here and just
 Tell me about this period and what you felt at the time is that I know that you don't love being on stage Russell
 Is good with it, but I know that you don't love it. If you don't mind. I'm just gonna go with one more story
 And then I'll come back to you you go with it good. She's she seems a little nervous, but
 Actually, wait, let's see if we can get her right now. Oh, you are okay
 Everyone, this is Collette my beautiful wife
 Do you want to use his mic sure
 I wanted to come to this who knew
 You are like his he's so proud that he had no venture funding, but you are like his first investor
 Yes, he is first invested you know the mic a little closer. Just tell me how did you know he wasn't a loser no job
 He's he's wrestling. He's buying infomercial stuff that doesn't go anywhere
 Like we we know he did well, so we're not insulting him now
 But what did you see in him back then that let you say I'm gonna work extra hard and pay for what he's not doing
 What did I see in him it was actually his energy his spirit and
 I'm not gonna lie. It was kind of not love it for a sight. We had your gikos, you know
 just
 Shocked at the goodwill and in baggy pants and t-shirts and you know I don't know it was but it was the person who
 um
 Yeah, just was always positive and we had the same goals and that's the thing I noticed too the positivity
 When when these businesses fail
 We're showing a few on the screen. It's easy to look back and go hi. I did this and it was interesting
 But at the time what was the bounce back like when things didn't work out when the world basically said
 You know what salespeople when they don't buy you when they don't buy your stuff
 It's like they don't buy you when the world basically said we don't like you we don't like what you've created
 What was the bounce back like?
 Hard
 No because I come from hardworking family and so I work hard and so you just work hard to make it work
 And it's just an eternal optimist and your eternal optimist too like jane really yeah, okay, I guess
 It works his dad said no more money. You had to cut up your credit cards too. Yeah, what was how did you cut up your credit cards?
 What was that day like?
 hard
 Yeah, hard because I
 Those that you don't know that know that I'm a little bit older than Russell
 And so I've always had this independence say to go do and buy and do these things and then all of a sudden I'm like
 Whole step back sister. I'm gonna take care of this young man. Please don't get to her
 Anyway, but now yeah now things are good now things are amazing. All right. Give her a big round of applause. Thanks for coming up
 These businesses did okay
 And then you started something that I never heard about but look at this
 I'm gonna zoom in on a section of your of the google docu sent me. This is the call center the call center got to how many employees a hundred
 We had we had about 60 full-time sales people 20 full-time coaches about 20 people doing marketing sales about 100 people in the whole company
 I'm a hundred people doing what kind of call center what kind of work so what we would do is we would sell
 We sell free CDs and things like that online free CDs free books free whatever
 And then if someone buy it and call them on the phone and then we'd offer them high in coaching
 Okay, and this was you getting customers how?
 Um, back then it was pre Facebook. So a lot of it was google. It was email lists. It was
 Um, yeah, anything we could figure out to drive traffic all sorts of weird stuff
 And then people come in get a free CD sign up for coaching and then you had to hire people and teach them how to coach
 Yeah, that was hard things the first when we first started doing it. Um, I was just doing the coaching people come in and we we had a little
 Um, and Brent's me. They remember the little offices we had and we bring people in and you know
 We were so proud of our little office. They come in and we teach them for two or three days teaching event form
 Um, and then it's got bigger. It's harder and harder for me to do that and then um, so eventually and a lot of people that want to come to Boise
 Like I love Boise. But it's really hard to get to so people would sign up for coaching and then they'd never show up to Boise
 Then you know a year later. They want their money back, right?
 So we have to do something where they're getting they're getting fulfilled whether they showed up to boys or not
 So we started in the phone coaching and at first it was me and then it was me and a couple other people and then we started training more coaches and
 Um, and that's how it kind of started and it was one of those things though
 Like at first it was just it was just like five or six of us just in a room doing it and then it worked
 And so then the next larger things like what we should go from five people to 10 to 20 and like next you know
 We wake up with a hundred people like what are we doing? Like we're little kids
 like
 It scares me that i'm in charge of all these people's livelihood
 But that's what you know, that's kind of where it was that and it got kind of scary for me
 You know sometimes I wonder if i'm hiding behind interviewing because i'm afraid to stand up and say here's what I want
 Here's what I think we need to do. Here's how the world should be
 And so i'm amazed that even back then after having a few businesses that didn't really work out
 You were comfortable enough to say come to my office. I'm gonna teach you i've got to figure it out when you hadn't
 How did you get yourself comfortable and what made you feel comfortable about being able to say?
 I can teach these people who come to my office who call up who then become my coaches who then have to teach other people
 I think
 You know for me it's like when I first started learning the online stuff and entrepreneurship like
 I think most people feel this like it's so exciting you want to tell everybody about it, right?
 And so i'm telling my my friends my family and nobody cares at first and you're like
 I need to like I have to share this gift. I figured out like it's amazing and nobody cares
 And then like the first time somebody cares and you want and then you just like dump on him
 You want to show it to him and so I hadn't made tons of money
 But I had a lot of these little websites that had done you know 30 grand 50 grand 100 grand
 And so and so for me it was like if I can show these people like I know what that did for me
 It gave me the spark to make the one to the next one the next one and so for me
 It was really just like I want to share this because like I feel like I figured it out
 And so that was the thing we were coming in and weren't these people able to be able to 100 million dollar companies
 But we're like hey you can quit your job like you make two or three thousand dollars a month
 You can quit your job, but and this is how I did it
 This is the process and so that's what we were showing people is just you know
 The foundation how we did it and it's kind of reached we showed other people because they cared and it was exciting to share with other people
 Is Whitney here
 There she is Whitney. I met her as as she was coming in. I wanted to get to know why people are coming to watch this
 What they wanted to hear from you and Whitney was asking about like the difficult periods the why?
 I'm wondering the same thing that she and I were talking about which is why I put yourself through this you could have gotten a job
 You could have done okay. Why put yourself through the risk of hiring people the eventual as we see closing of the company
 What was your motivation? What was the goal?
 Why did you want to do it?
 I think it shifts
 I think it shifts throughout time, right?
 Like I think most entrepreneurs when they first get started because of money like they like want to make money and then
 And then you get that and then really quick. That doesn't last very long
 and then it's like
 Then for me it was like I want to share other people and then
 And then when other people get it like there's something about the aha moment when you're like, oh my gosh
 They got it like they got what I was saying and then they that that for me was like the next level like the next high
 that's just like I love that and then um
 And back then we had some success stories coming through but nowadays it's like the bigger success squares come through and that's what
 I don't know for me. That's what what drives it on like that is
 The fascinating part so why we keep because like most software company owners don't keep creating books and courses and inner
 But like when people at the aha that's like oh my gosh. That's the best for me
 That's the thing that you get the high of the thing that you wanted when you were growing up
 But you wanted somebody to show it to you and if you could then genuinely give it to them not like down the pre
 But down the pre plus actual results. That's what that's what fires you up
 It does fire me up. That's amazing
 What happened? Uh, why did that close down?
 um
 Oh, man a lot of a lot of things a lot of bad mistakes a lot of first time growing company stuff that I didn't
 Again, we just woke up one day. It felt like and we were in this huge office huge overhead and um
 And about that time it was like 90
 99 to that something like that
 And um, there was a the merchant account that me and most of the people doing inner marketing at time
 We all use the same merchant account and they got hit by vista master card and so they freaked out and they shut down
 I think that ended being like four or five hundred merchant accounts overnight
 And we had nine different merchant accounts that company all of them got shut down instantly
 And um, I remember because everything was fine. We're going through the day
 It was like one o'clock in the afternoon on a friday
 They came in like hey none of the no the
 The card's won't process and and I'm like we can't feel why they weren't processing
 And then we tried call called the company and no one's answering the company
 And finally it's someone on the phone and they said oh, yeah
 You got shut down along with everybody along with all the other scammers and she hung up on me
 and I was like
 I don't know what to do right now like I've got a hundred plus people and payroll is not small
 And we didn't have a ton of cash in the bank. It was just like it was more of a cash flow business
 and um
 And um, clad actually just left town that night and she was gone and um
 And uh, I remember avatar just came out. So everyone was going to move the avatar tonight
 I remember sitting there during the longest movie of all time like and I
 And I don't remember anything other than like the sick feeling in my stomach
 And I was like texting everyone know like trying to see like if anyone knew what to do and everyone knew it's like
 We got shut down too. We got shut down and like we couldn't figure out anything and
 and um
 So the next we came back the next day. I called everyone up and
 Actually kind of a kind of a funny side story
 Um, I just met tony robin's a little prior earlier to this
 And um, so that night I was laying in bed. It's like four in the morning in my phone rings
 And I'd look at it. It's tony robin's assistant and I pick it up and he's like hey
 Is there any way you can be in vegas in three hours or is the flame from boisie to vegas
 He brought tony wants you to speak at this event is starting in three hours like you need to be on stage in three hours
 I'm sitting here like my whole world just collapsed and laying in bed sick to my stomach and I was like
 I don't think I can like I have to figure this thing out and then uh, and he tells tony to come back
 He tony says if your business is you know, you can't make it don't don't show up. You're fine
 And so I didn't go and then um
 Next morning I woke up and there was a message on my phone. I'd missed I passed out and woke up and there's a message from tony
 And he was like hey man. I know that you care about your customers you care about things and he's like
 I don't know the whole situation, but worst case scenario if need help let me know
 And uh, and we can absorb you in robin's research or whatever and you and you can be one of my companies that way
 If you want we can protect you and I heard that I was like, okay
 That's that's like the worst case scenario is I could work with tony robins like that's the worst case scenario
 So then I called up everybody on my team and I was like, okay guys
 We gotta try to figure out how to save this and uh, brent and john everyone then came back to my house and I was like, okay
 What ideas do we got and we just sat there for the next five or six hours trying to figure stuff out and then we went to work and um
 And I wish I could say that everything turned around, but it was next probably man two or three years of us
 firing 30 people firing 20 people closing things down moving down offices like just shrinking um for a long long time
 until the peak of it was
 um, it was about a year after that moment and we were um in vegas an event trying to figure out how to
 How to save stuff and I got an email from my dad who was helping with the books at the time
 He said hey, I got really bad news for you. I looked through the books and it turns out
 Um, your assistant who was supposed to be doing payroll taxes hadn't paid payroll in over a year
 Is like you owe the IRS over a hundred and it's like $70,000 and it's like and if you don't pay this like you're probably gonna go to jail
 That was like
 Like every penny I'd earned that point was gone
 Everything was done. We lost everything and I was just like I don't I don't know how to fight this battle
 but if I don't fight it like
 I go to jail apparently and I remember I remember um, that's that's a really crappy feeling
 Yeah
 And uh, branch i see you guys are living this with me right now
 I know
 Um, and remember going back that night and laying in bed and I was just like I wish that
 I had a boss that they could fire me because I don't know what to do or how to do it
 And that was kind of that was the definitely the little spot for me
 And you stuck with him?
 Wow, yeah
 Hey everybody, this is russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now i'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering questions
 um through text message to people who are on the podcast and so
 I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello
 And then what's going to happen is i'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where i'm going to be giving you out free swag giving away
 Free copies of my book. I'll let you know about book signings about times i'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you were on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So when you need to write now, it's play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
