 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to The Marketing Secrets Show.
 During this episode, you're gonna have a chance to listen
 to some of the live Q&A, and this one got really fun.
 We had some really cool directions and angles
 that we went on.
 I think there's something for everybody
 through this Q&A, so hopefully you enjoy it.
 On top of that, don't forget, if you wanna get
 your question answered live, make sure you subscribe
 at clubhousewiththeRussell.com.
 That's clubhousewithRussell.com.
 Go there, subscribe to the room, and that way
 you'll be notified the next time I decide to go live,
 and you can jump on and get your questions answered.
 These questions this week were really fun.
 A lot of different directions I think you guys will get
 a lot of value from it.
 So that said, we'll keep a theme song,
 and we get back, we'll jump directly into
 the questions and answers.
 - So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take our venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world, and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 I'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson, and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 - Awesome, so our first guest here is Tracey.
 Tracey is guiding you with tax reduction strategies.
 All right, Tracey, thank you so much for being here.
 What question do you have for Russell?
 - Hi, Russell.
 This is Tracey though, and I am so inspired
 by your stories all the time.
 I've learned so much from both you, from afar,
 and also Myron.
 So my question is, how do you keep all your parts moving?
 Do you have a strategy for keeping your mental state
 as well as your philanthropy and your business together?
 What is your strategy?
 - That's a great question.
 I would say I've been lucky 'cause when I first started
 business was me trying to figure things out,
 and I was more chaotic than I am now.
 Anyone with my teens laughing 'cause they know
 that it's still kind of chaos.
 I think from the outside, things look organized
 and things like that, but you know,
 it's really surrounding myself with a good team of people,
 people who have similar mission,
 who are trying to do the same things
 that we're doing together, it's having good team of people,
 and then a lot of it is just figuring out
 how to build the things into your routines
 that'll get you the success you're looking for, right?
 So for me, I know that for the first,
 man, seven, eight years of my entrepreneur journey,
 I wasn't into health, and so I gained a ton of weight,
 and I was more lethargic.
 I didn't know, even though I was unhealthy
 until I decided to start getting in shape
 and getting back, and all of a sudden,
 excuse me, I'm getting back in shape,
 increased my energy, I felt better,
 and I was like, oh my gosh, I need to weave this now
 into my routine to make sure I don't lose it again.
 So it became part of my routine
 where these things are all tied into it, right?
 And so now it's easy because it's just part of what I do.
 Mentally, how do I stay sharp?
 Well, if I'm gonna be successful,
 I get paid to think for a lot of people.
 So if I'm gonna be successful,
 I gotta keep my mind's gotta be sharp,
 so I gotta be listening to podcasts and reading books,
 and putting myself in situations where I can keep sharp
 and keep figuring out what's working today,
 what's the things that are working the best?
 And so I figured out what things are,
 and then I put them into my schedule,
 say, okay, I need to build this in my routine
 where I have time to listen to podcasts or read books,
 or go to things that are gonna help stimulate my mind,
 so I can stay high there.
 And then charities, right, when we decided,
 it's funny 'cause I hit, I'm sure all of you guys,
 you hit by a million people wanting to,
 I want to say, donate money, be charities.
 And for me, it's like, I don't want to be the person
 that just gives money and forgets about it.
 I want to make sure the things I'm passionate about.
 So, like, village impact, we're very passionate about that.
 So it's like, okay, how do we make this part of what we do?
 And so it wasn't just like, give 'em a check,
 and then a year later, figure it out.
 It's like, okay, if we're gonna do this with them,
 let's be very strategic about that.
 So I said, okay, let's, and Todd and I,
 when we start ClickFunnels, we said, okay, let's set up,
 where every time somebody creates a funnel
 inside of ClickFunnels, and it gets at least 100 visitors,
 so it's a live funnel, we'll donate a dollar to Village Impact.
 And so we started out seven years ago, and the first year,
 I think our check we gave 'em was like, I don't know,
 15 grand, and then it was, the next year was like 30 grand,
 and 60 grand, and so it gets bigger and bigger,
 but it's now part of the mission.
 So I don't have to think about it
 'cause it's built into what we're doing.
 And now every year, funneling like you live,
 I'm like, student Amy, come on stage,
 we have a big old check, and you know,
 now it's six figure checks, and they get bigger,
 and it's eventually be seven figure checks,
 but it's built into what we're doing,
 and so I don't have to think about it again.
 You know, OUR is the same thing.
 Like, we did the big launch where we launched
 with the documentary and did well, but then it wasn't consistent.
 So we're building a whole platform now
 that'll be a consistency thing where it's now,
 now this mission is always being worked on
 because there's a platform, there's someone in charge of it,
 there's a team member who's like,
 that becomes their sole focus, and now it's we've been to it.
 So it's figuring out like the things that are important to you
 that help you achieve the goals you want,
 and figuring out how do you weave those things
 into your routine or your business model,
 or your whatever, so that it just happens,
 and you don't have to think about it.
 'Cause it's too hard, we have so many things we're all doing,
 but if you have the mental power to think about it every time,
 then nothing ever happens.
 So that's kind of how I do that, I hope that helps.
 And it's also surrounding yourself by amazing humans
 who help fulfill those missions as well.
 - Thanks so much, Russell.
 This is Tracy, the CPA passive to mine, thank you.
 - Awesome, thank you, Tracy, appreciate it.
 - All right, thank you for being here, Tracy.
 Now we're gonna go on to Jermaine.
 Jermaine is in the real estate industry.
 Jermaine, what question do you have for Russell?
 - Hey Russell, hey everyone.
 I just had a quick question, I was wondering,
 well I got two questions.
 The first one, I didn't quite catch that book
 that you recommended.
 - Was it Atlas Shrugged?
 - What was that again?
 - Atlas Shrugged?
 - Yep, that's it.
 - It's really big book, so it takes commitment.
 It's like insanely big, but it'll,
 as an entrepreneur and a producer, you will love it,
 especially in the real estate market.
 - Okay, and I also wanted to know, well I have you,
 I wanted to know throughout all your time
 that you've changed the world and expired people.
 And what was your biggest business challenge
 that you had to overcome, and how did you overcome it?
 - Oh, that's a great question.
 You know what's interesting is that
 at every level, there's like a new challenge.
 And so it changes, and every time when you're going through,
 it seems like the biggest thing in the world,
 and then you look back, it's like,
 oh that was actually really simple,
 but in the heat of the moment, it's hard.
 For the beginning part was just me believing
 that I was worth it, right?
 Like, I was a kid who struggled in school,
 I was never smart, only I was ever good at wrestling,
 and I'm trying to start a business,
 and they're like, I had a million doubts,
 like I'm not worthy, I don't know how to do this,
 I'm not smart enough, I don't,
 at the time I didn't like to read,
 it's like first is that mental battle,
 I think most entrepreneurs, when they started the journey,
 it's the mental battle, just believing that you're worth it,
 and that you can actually do it.
 And so for me, that was like, that one took a while.
 And then my friend, he was like, oh my gosh,
 I'm not, like I always thought I was a dumb kid growing up,
 'cause I struggled in school, so I was like,
 I remember having the realization after I started having success,
 I was like, oh my gosh, I'm not dumb,
 I can learn things, like I can,
 if I'm interested in the book, I can actually read it
 and enjoy it, so that was the first big hurdle for me, right?
 The next one was like, as I was, got the point
 where my business was like, it was just me,
 I was juggling a million things, I was like, okay,
 how do I, I can't keep doing this,
 I'm gonna drown eventually, so I was like,
 bringing on employees and a team,
 and man, I can't tell you how bad I was at that,
 like I hired all my friends, I just hired initially,
 'cause I was like, oh, they're cool, hang out them,
 so I hired all my friends, turns on my friends
 and I'm just kidding, well, kinda, some of them were,
 but no, I love them all, but it was like,
 I hired all my friends, and they know what to do,
 and I didn't know how to teach them,
 so I was like, dude, I was working while they were all
 goofing off in the other room, and they wanted help,
 but I couldn't teach them 'cause I was too busy
 trying to make money to pay them,
 and so you took me years to figure out,
 how do you get a team and get the right people in place,
 and that was the next big challenge, right?
 Then it was like, how do you actually create something
 that's not just an offer, right,
 like it could be a longstanding business,
 and we tried for years to figure that out,
 and eventually, you know, ClickFunnels was the business
 that became more than just an offer formula,
 it was like, oh my gosh, this is the platform,
 something that can grow bigger,
 and then inside of that, there's been so many challenges,
 like how do you scale a company like that?
 How do you scale support?
 How do you go from five employees to 500 employees?
 Like, there's just, there's different challenges
 at every step, and so I think, you know,
 there's been a lot of them, the biggest thing I'd say
 is the key that I find, every tier, like the thing,
 it took me a while to figure this out initially,
 and now I've gotten better at realizing,
 oh, the pattern to solve these is always the same.
 Is, you know, we can call it funnel hacking,
 calling it modeling, whatever it is,
 is I try to always connect to the people
 to the tier above me, or two tiers above me, right?
 So, right now, we're trying to,
 I'm literally paying somebody who's gone here,
 done this, and we do one hour call,
 every other week with him,
 he's built multiple companies,
 software companies, the billion dollar mark,
 and so like, he's been down the path,
 and so like, we're gonna call him,
 okay, here's what we're stuck, what am I gonna do,
 what would you do?
 We're asking questions, and we're modeling,
 like, hey, show me three businesses
 that don't know what you're talking about,
 and they'll show me, we'll find it,
 we'll look at it, we reverse engineer,
 we come back and apply it,
 and so the key is just really figuring out,
 you know, it's modeling, it's figuring out
 who's already done the thing you're doing,
 find that person, pay the money,
 get to know them, join their coaching,
 but whatever it is, like,
 they get around the people
 that've already done the thing you're trying to do,
 because for them, it's simple, right?
 For us, as we're going through, it's really, really difficult,
 but the person who's already done it looking back,
 it's simple, right?
 For me now, the mindset belief I can do is simple now,
 like, I get it, like, I can help some of that really, really easily,
 whereas in the moment, it was impossible,
 like, it felt impossible, right?
 Like, launching a software could be
 just felt impossible moment now, super easy,
 so it's finding people who,
 the thing you're struggling with right now
 is super easy, 'cause they've already done it multiple times,
 getting around them, hiring them, paying them,
 and learning how to think like them, right?
 It's always a shift in thinking and belief,
 and so it's coming back and saying,
 okay, I gotta think like them, I gotta believe like them.
 I think a lot of times, many of us,
 and I see it a lot with people who hire me,
 like, they hire me or they hire a coach,
 and then they try to get the coach to believe
 or think like they do, and I'm the opposite,
 like, I'm like, I'm not coming to you
 to try to influence your beliefs,
 like, I'm coming to you to change my beliefs,
 and that's a hard thing to do, right?
 Our ego gets in the way a lot of times,
 so it's coming and saying, okay, I'm in blank slate,
 I'm gonna do whatever you say.
 In fact, it's funny, 'cause, you know,
 inside our community, we have the, you know,
 Kaitlyn Poland started with the whole hashtag,
 do what Russell says, and first I was really embarrassed by it,
 but now it's like, it's so cool, because it's like,
 yes, like, if you're hiring me to be your coach,
 like, just do what I say.
 Like, if I hire a coach, I just do what they say,
 like, I literally just, in fact,
 I'm working on my fourth book right now,
 and I have a quote, one of my friends wrote this
 in a blog post, he was talking about his morning routine,
 and why does this really weird thing,
 and he says in the thing, he said,
 people asked me why I do this, he said,
 because Tony Robbins told me so, and I obey all giants
 who fly helicopters and have stage presence,
 and so for me, it's always been this joke now,
 like, when I hire a coach, like, whenever they say it,
 I obey all giants who fly helicopters and have stage presence,
 right?
 If I hire someone, I just believe them inherently,
 because I did the work ahead of time
 to see if I'm gonna believe them.
 If I believe them, I give them my money,
 and I do whatever they say, and I don't deviate from that,
 right?
 So people in my world say, #doitruss, and it says,
 for me, it's like, #doit, Stephen Collins says,
 like, that's the guy who I hired right now,
 who's mentoring me, like, whatever he says, I just do it,
 I don't fight, I don't question, like, he's been there
 a million times, and so I just, I do it all, you know,
 I obey all giants with helicopters and stage presence.
 I obey whoever I pay to teach me something,
 because they know what I don't know.
 And so for me, that's kind of the process.
 Find the hurdle, find somebody down to it,
 get that person and then obey them,
 and just follow what they say to the team.
 So, hope that helps.
 - That makes perfect sense.
 So you basically, you trust yourself,
 and then you do what your coaches say.
 - 100%, yep.
 I do the work ahead of time, like, for hire the coach,
 like, I gotta make sure I believe this coach is right.
 But if I believe the right, then, yes,
 I just do whatever they say.
 And so, you know, I see people, sometimes blindly,
 like, sign up for coaching, or they're a hire a mentor,
 or whatever, and then they just kind of blindly
 follow the person, the person might not be right for him.
 But I do the homework ahead of time,
 and then when I know, like, okay, I'm committed,
 this is the person, then I go all in,
 and I just put on blinders and follow them.
 - You guys appreciate that.
 What was that book again?
 I'm gonna have to write that down.
 - Atlas shrug.
 So the way to remember it is,
 Atlas is the God that's holding the weight
 of the world on his shoulders.
 And the premise of the book is like, the producers,
 the entrepreneurs, people like us who are trying to,
 like, we're literally holding the weight of the world
 on our shoulders, right?
 We're creating companies, we're creating jobs,
 we're doing like things.
 What would happen if Atlas just shrugged
 and walked away from his responsibilities?
 So the book's about that.
 Like, what happens when the producers get so much pressure
 from government and society where it's no longer worth it
 then, so they shrug and they walk away
 from their responsibilities?
 And so that's the premise of the book,
 which is so fascinating.
 I'm actually listening to it again right now, which is fun.
 But it's like a 1500 page book, it's intense.
 You listen to the audiobook, it's eight audiobooks.
 It's how big it is, but man, it's worth it.
 I'm gonna grab both of them right now.
 I got all of your books, I've been following you for a while.
 My favorite one is the dot com secrets.
 - Oh, very cool, thanks man, I appreciate that.
 - Awesome, thank you Jermaine, thank you for being here today.
 I'm gonna reset the room really quickly.
 We are right now listening to the Marketing Secrets Live
 podcast, this room is actually being recorded.
 Make sure you follow the house at the top
 so that you can get a notification
 when Russell goes live again here.
 Now we are going to give the mic to Jeff.
 Welcome Jeff, he is a product launch expert,
 has made over eight millions from 22 launches in three years.
 What question do you have for Russell Jeff?
 - What's up Jeff?
 Hey Russell, what's going on buddy?
 Good to hear from you.
 So hey, being in your inner circle for the last five years,
 I've had the awesome pleasure of watching all the big
 cause marketing initiatives that you've incorporated
 into the funnels that you and the rest of the ClickFunnels
 community launch and also at your annual funnel hacking
 side event with Village Impact and OUR as you mentioned.
 So what's been cool to see is like the more funnels
 and events you launch, the more you're able to get back
 which is awesome.
 So how are you thinking about incorporating
 that live launch strategy that you've been doing
 with perhaps more of an evergreen launch strategy?
 Now with things like OFA, your quarterly two common club
 live virtual event and now the dot com secret summit
 that you just launched with some of these
 trying to also bring in these new live launches
 underneath a funnel hacking live coming up in a few months.
 Can you just talk about kind of like each month,
 what are you looking at in terms of evergreen versus live?
 - Yeah, that's a good question.
 Somebody could talk about it for a long time.
 I think it's interesting.
 I watched some like Tony Robbins who he does UPW
 like four times a year, he does day with destiny twice
 a year and he's doing these things and he's been doing it
 live for decades now, like three or four decades,
 he's been doing these events.
 If you own them, they're very similar every single time.
 And for me, it's tough because if I go back and I teach
 the same, excuse me, if I teach the same thing twice,
 like I wanna pull my hair out, you know what I'm like,
 I don't know how Tony's been so consistent for so long.
 And so for me, it's like there's this blend, right?
 Like there's things like, like the dot com secret book
 came from me from a decade and he teach in these principles.
 Like I was doing events and speaking of other people's events,
 teaching these principles and finally I was like,
 if I had to tell the story about the value ladder
 one more time, I'm gonna kill myself, right?
 So I was like, that's why I finally was like,
 I'm gonna write a book.
 So I wrote a book and it was like, here it is.
 It's now evergreen, I can give it to people
 and I'm gonna talk about this thing again, right?
 So I mean, similar thing happened with expert secrets.
 So you were in a circle when I was,
 we spent three years geeking on webinars
 and conversing in psychology and all this kind of stuff.
 And I was like, I don't wanna ever talk about this again.
 So I turned into a book and I was like,
 hey, there's the blueprint.
 And so I look at the online stuff
 in a very similar way, right?
 Like we did two comical I've been there the very first time
 and my energy was there, I was excited, it was fun.
 We created it, we launched it, it was amazing.
 But then I was like, for me, it's like art.
 Like I didn't wanna like just like,
 okay, it's done and walk away from it, but I didn't wanna
 teach it again. So it's like, okay, how do I turn
 this experience into something that's now evergreen
 that we can keep the message going on, right?
 So that when I'm dead and gone, my kids can keep running
 this, the ads and keep running the event.
 It'll keep producing because for me, like,
 all this stuff we do is art.
 So I wanna sustain it.
 So I'm always looking like, is there something I can do
 that I can create it, but then it'll last,
 it'll live beyond myself, right?
 If you've read Ryan Holiday's book, "The Perennial Cellar",
 in fact, he spoke last year, fun, like when I bought
 that book, I was like, I want you to talk about
 the Perennial Cellar. He's like, I've written like
 eight books, and so I'm like, I know, but that's my
 favorite one. Like, you gotta talk about that.
 The Perennial Cellar, he talks about like the difference
 between art that like lasts forever versus stuff that
 happens as gone, right? Like, a good example is
 in movies, right? Like Avatar for a long time was
 the greatest selling movie of all time, but if you ask
 them to quote an Avatar line, like there's not a person
 on this earth who can remember anything from that movie,
 right? Like, it was a great seller, but then it died,
 right? And so many of people in our industry do a big
 sell and then it dies and it disappears.
 Versus, you create a movie like Star Wars, where it
 lives beyond itself, like it has legacy, like it's a
 Perennial Cellar, it'll continue to do well for, you know,
 a million years from now, or TV shows, right? Like,
 you get Seinfeld versus friends. Friends was very much
 successful in the moment, but then it hasn't lived on as
 well as like something like Seinfeld, which has lived on,
 you know, in perpetuity for so long, like much more of a
 Perennial Cellar. And so I'm always trying to create
 things that can be Perennial Cellars. And so when I do do
 something like that, where I think it can last beyond
 itself, where things are strategic enough that they're not
 tactical, they're going to change with the strategic, we can do
 it. I want those things to live forever. So again, that's the
 summits, that's the two comical live things like that. But
 then we have like our big hits, like Funlhocking Live, it's,
 it's a biggest show. It's like what's working now, it's like,
 you know, we put all this energy and effort into it, but we
 know it's a one time show, right? And it's, it happens, it's
 done, it's over, and then next you're going to plan a new one.
 And we can't evergreen Funlhocking Live, right? Like, it's,
 it's a little bit different. And so it's just looking at
 those kinds of things like, you know, sometimes you're going
 to have an avatar hit and you should totally go and take the,
 you know, $100 billion in makes and cash, because that's awesome.
 But other things you create, you want the longevity. And so for
 me, that's how I'm looking at things is just like, okay, what
 things have longevity, what things don't want to be a perennial
 seller, what things I think can last beyond just beyond a
 product launch or beyond a thing. And as soon as it's done,
 it's like, hey, now do we, how do we morph that into something
 now that can can last beyond beyond the moment? That's kind of
 how I look at things in my head, how I figure those things out.
 And, and then on top of that, it's just, you know, we're still
 kind of figuring out. So some things, some things we're finding
 that we launch and, and we make the perennial version, they don't
 last long. They're still there. So people can find them, but they,
 you know, they're not the long jebbies out there. We can't
 continue to buy ads to it. Whereas one funnel way, it's
 crazy to stay one full of ways, we're running almost three
 years now. We fill up 1500 people every two weeks to a paid
 $100 paid challenge. And it continues to convert, continues
 to work, continues to like that one's, you know, of all the
 things we've done, then the most perennial, and just continues
 to to work. And so, and I wouldn't have guessed that going into
 it until we tried to make the evergreen version and it kept
 working. And it's like, Oh my gosh, this is amazing. So yeah,
 I don't know if that answers the question, but kind of that's how
 I think through things, how I'm looking at stuff.
 Can I ask you a question about that, Russell? Yeah, I'd love
 to. What advertising methodologies are you using to put 1500
 people in a challenge every two weeks? Because that sounds
 phenomenal. Yeah, a couple of things. Number one is we pay
 a 100 100 cent affiliate commission. So, you know, we have
 people who go through refer people and they, you know, it's
 100 bucks and they get they get 100% 100 bucks. Number two is
 as I can spend 100, you know, my I can lose money. So I can
 spend 150 $200 to sell a challenge. So I can spend a lot of
 money to do it because I get 100% of the money goes directly
 back into advertising. We're not trying to make money on the
 challenge. As you know, you know, the money's in the back and
 amateur's focus on the front end. So we liquidate that 100%
 of our money goes into the ad spend. And number three, I
 think it's just the message was right. For some reason that
 message, it lives, it lives long, right? If the people that are
 very first time, like, you look at the headlines, like, if you
 want to launch your first or your next funnel. So if it's like
 their first one's like, Oh, this is gonna help me. Number two,
 it's like, if you've launched funnel, but like, I need to go
 back to news again, it gives you a chance to kind of re review
 and go back through it. And I see the last thing is we weave
 that thing into all of our offers now, if you'll get
 everything, like every offer leads back to OFA you buy one
 of our books, OFA is in the upsell flow, you buy a, you know,
 do one of our challenges that leads back to OFA. So like, it's
 weaved into everything now. So it's plugged into the back end
 of everything we're doing. And so no matter what somebody buys,
 all roads lead to the one funnel way challenge eventually, which
 is pretty well. Yeah. And we're working on a one funnel way
 e-commerce version of the OFA challenge next, which I'm
 really excited for as well. So anyway, and you do that live
 every two weeks. So I don't I recorded live once. And we have
 a team now those we've got a team of one person runs it in three,
 three or four coaches. And so every week they reset a new
 Facebook group. And then they're in there full time answering
 questions. And then they stream my the trainings were live at
 one time they stream them into the Facebook group. And all the
 interaction happens there. So it feels very live. People know
 it's not live, but it feels very live. It's it's execute lives,
 not like logging the members there and watch day one videos.
 It's like, it's we tried to replicate the experience as
 close as possible. But again, it's not just like go watch this
 video and hope for the best. Like they literally they watch the
 video and then there's coaches in there who answering questions
 who are getting them to the homework who are full time like
 their job is is in there now. Because it's been so profitable
 for us, man, we left. I always tell people one of the biggest
 problems us entrepreneurs have is we create something and then we
 move on next thing. And OFA was the first thing that created it
 and right there's something magic here. We left somebody
 behind so Shane and our team like we left him behind so your
 job is to continue to make this better and to run it. And he
 hired three or four coaches. Now there's like a team of people
 who full time all they do is make sure all face happening and
 it's consistent and it works. And because we left somebody
 behind, that's why the fulfillment continues to improve
 week after week, although I'm not creating new content week
 after week. And it converts it converts similar with the
 with the streaming replay as it did with you doing it live.
 Yeah, yeah. It was easier to sell people and initially, yeah,
 go sign up for go to one fun way.com and watch the process.
 But I'm gonna do 100%. 100%. I said three years have been
 running that thing. We launched initially and then I really
 did it live again four or five months ago. And I'm just kind
 of refresh the whole thing. But then that it's it's the same
 thing. And it was our pilot.
 And the affiliate the affiliate aspect is really important
 because everybody that comes in you then say, Hey, do you want
 to make money? Did you love this challenge? Bring somebody
 in and and and then they get a commission? Can I just ask one
 question about that?
 Yeah. Like let me give one clarity and then ask questions.
 So clarity is also right when they first come in. So you paid
 a hundred bucks for this. Do you want to do you want this to be
 free and buy a friend? It's right when they sign up. It's like
 my friend and now it's free for them because it they just, you
 know, they get one per side up and now it's free.
 Okay, that. Okay. So so that's my question is, you know, you
 guys have really truly went, you know, deep in the affiliate
 game. And I almost feel like sometimes going all in on the
 affiliate game is like I'd rather pay my customers and my
 clients than pay Zuckerberg. You know what I mean? Like,
 honestly, and so my question to you on that is, how do you
 train somebody who is a normal customer who is not an
 affiliate or a traditional super affiliate to actually refer
 people to you? Like, like, obviously you have to tell them,
 hey, here's how you refer people. Like, what's your best tip
 for that?
 Yeah, the best tip is you have to think about it differently. A
 lot of people are thinking about like, I'm making an affiliate
 teach them affiliate marketing and like, the average customer,
 they're not going to mean affiliate, right? And you look at like
 the people in ecom space do this really well a lot of times,
 other places where it's it's the position not how to make a
 bunch of money is an affiliate, the position is like, how to get
 this product for free, right? So like, hey, you get three people
 sign up for this or, you know, whatever, you for me, it's like
 you want per sign up now it's free. Like, that's how you
 position like, Oh my gosh, like I can tell my brother and I'm
 like, I'm doing this challenge to like, I'm gonna find my friend
 and I actually paid for it. And so you get them passing around
 they're not looking at like, as a business opportunities, much
 as like, how to get the thing you just bought for free, like
 I get your money back, like very, very quickly, like that's the
 shift, right? Because they're not going to go sign up 100 people,
 but they are going to get one or two, right? And if every person
 brings a one or two, like, it becomes this the self fulfilling,
 you know, machine that just keeps keeps growing and things like
 that. And so it's looking at differently, and showing like,
 yeah, that's the that's the position, right? It's not how to be
 affiliates, it's get the thing for free by telling you you're
 not giving them any sort of extensive training, you're just
 you're just pretty much hoping that one customer will refer
 maybe a couple few people. But it's a consistent thing, rather
 than, you know, hey, here's this training on how to refer more
 people.
 Yeah, because they're not gonna buy ads, they're not gonna
 they're on the email list, but they've got, you know, they're
 going through this, they believe it now and they don't want to
 feel dumb and it's like, if I can get my friends and do it
 together now, it's like a fun thing. And we can we can study
 together and like that's the
 Oh, again, I count ability. Oh, yeah, that's so good. Okay.
 All right, that was awesome. That was that was that was gold.
 Awesome.
 Light bulbs are going off here. I love it. I hope everyone is
 taking notes. I want to add one more thing to the OFA stuff
 Russell, if it's okay with you. Yeah, because I see what goes
 on in the Facebook community. And I just wanted to add that
 people sometimes buy the OFA more than once just because they
 want the accountability of the coaches, they come back, they
 see that it has so much value that they're like $100 on
 in. So we also see that as well.
 They the OFA lifers like it's almost like continuity program
 they're reset up every single month. They don't want to lose
 the connection with the team.
 Yes, yes, it's amazing. So if you have not done the one final
 way, go to one final way.com is an awesome, awesome offer.
 Okay, we have one more guest here, Michael Hoffman. He's a
 digital marketer and an owner of a digital media agency. So
 Michael, what questions do you have for Russell?
 Hi, everyone. Thanks so much for having me up here. Russell,
 thanks so much for providing all the value. You mentioned
 something before that there's this hashtag do what Russell says.
 And earlier this year, I read traffic secrets started my
 podcast. The other day I finished a new expert secret.
 It'll work on my weekly webinar now. So doing what Russell
 says actually works. So my question is a little different and
 more like mindset related, you have an extensive past and like,
 you know, almost professional sports, you were a wrestler for
 many, many years, and you made that transition into entrepreneurship.
 And I have a past as a professional basketball player and
 also transitioned into first the full time job and then
 entrepreneurship. And for me, it was a very difficult time to
 like kind of shift my identity. And I just wanted to get your
 yeah, basically experiences on how you experience that face to
 transition from from full time sports to entrepreneurship.
 And and what helped you to complete this identity shift.
 Oh, very cool. It's interesting. Like, I think not always, but
 I feel like athletes often do really good entrepreneurship.
 And I think the reason why I thought about a lot, it's because
 like for me with wrestling, I'm sure same to you with basketball
 like every day for me, I step on the mat and there's the guy I'm
 going against and we'd wrestle and a lot of times I lost a lot
 of times I won, but like I got used to failure and it wasn't like
 it didn't destroy my identity where I failed, right? I think a
 lot of people get an entrepreneurship and they're so
 scared that if they try something and it fails that it means
 that they're failure versus like wrestling like I fell and like
 cool, not not be this guy. Watch the film figured out next time
 I go back and I try to beat him again, right? And it's like,
 it's a different mindset where failure meant I could learn
 something versus failure meant I was a failure. And I see it so
 many times entrepreneurs will those sit, they'll sit in your
 clubhouse rooms or podcasts or read books for years and years
 and never do anything because they're so scared of that failure
 whereas athletes like have experienced it, you're like I
 lost tons of matches like, you know, so I'm used to that
 failure and I'm okay with it and I don't label myself as a
 failure. So I think that's why athletes do well, just because
 they've had that experience. But on the other, the other
 question identity shift, so it was interesting. So my, you know,
 my wrestling career, that was my life is, you know, probably
 similar to like I was a wrestler like if you ask me like
 Russell, you are a wrestler. And so I wasn't and and I wrestled
 all the way through through college. And I remember at the end
 of college, when I started like learning some of the internet
 business to figure things out. And my senior year, I ended up
 losing the Pac 10 tournament, I thought I was going to go to
 nationals in place and I had, you know, my entire life is
 focused on this goal and end up losing the Pac 10s and not
 qualifying for the national tournament my senior year, which
 was horrible for me, right? Like my entire everything just
 stopped like I remember sitting there inside the mat crying
 and just like, it's done like I can't even achieve my goal if I
 wanted to, it gets gone like there's no, it was weird not being
 able to achieve a goal. And I remember, luckily for me, I had
 this entrepreneurship thing happening at the time I was
 learning about, because if I didn't have something I think I
 would have gone into this downward spiral depression
 because just knowing that like, you know, the thing I've been
 dreaming about for 20 years, I no longer is physically
 impossible for me to do now like it's out of it's impossible.
 And so for me, luckily I had this business, I started focusing
 my time energy there. And it gave me something to do to to
 focus on new goal. And that was the big goal, the big thing.
 And so because I was able to transition pretty easily, because
 I just I was trying to avoid the pain of my, you know, my old
 identity dying. And so I had to shift over here. And so I think
 for for people are making that transition. It's I mean, you
 use the word identity shift, which was like the right word,
 right? It's like you have to you have to shift that identity.
 And and I don't know how to I mean, in fact, we have Anthony
 Trucks is going to speak a comic life specifically on identity
 shifting yourself, which is I'm excited for he's he's geeked
 out of this level that I don't think anyone else really has
 this was going to be fun to have him kind of go into it on the
 process. Because I don't know exactly the process was other
 than I knew that I shifted. And then I started looking at it
 like a sport, I started looking, okay, what's the what's the
 goal? What am I going to win? Like, you know, who are my team
 mates? Who do I got to get to know? Like who are the competitors?
 Like who do I have to be? And like, I just use the same mindset.
 And I think that, you know, a lot of people come to business,
 they look at a different than a sport, which is interestingly
 to look at is like, Oh, I'm here to, you know, I don't know,
 like I did a podcast three or four years ago. I still remember
 like where I was at when I recorded it because, you know, when
 it came out, click funnels, for me, it was, it was, you know,
 it's a combat sport. Like I'm looking, okay, who were the
 competitors? Who are the people out there? And I first it was
 like lead pages, that's what I have to be. Because the wrestling
 like that's what I like. All right, who's the guy that I got to
 be looked at him, studied film, we figured out when we, you
 know, got the point where I could beat that person, we found the
 next person that is next tier up and we get we found the person
 identified the target, reverse engineered their style and
 learn how to beat him. And so me was saying the lead pages
 was the first hit person on our hit list, right? So we came
 out. And if those who were around when we launched click
 funnels, like it was very aggressive, like it was not, you
 know, as like, this is our competitors are going after
 and went after and then we got the point we beat lead page
 and we passed after you passed him like a his new competitor.
 For us, it was infusion soft. And I was like, there's no way
 you can be in fusion soft. They're huge. But Mike, that's the
 goal. And so we figured out who they were, reverse engineered it,
 you know, went after him and and end up sort of, you know,
 far surpassing them. And it was interesting because I remember
 the CEO and me, he's a really nice guy, but he messed me one
 time and he asked me, like, why, like, why do you hate
 infusion soft so much? I'm like, I don't hate you, like, I'm
 grateful for you. Like, you're you're the person like, I need
 somebody to get me motivated. Like, otherwise, as a competitor,
 I find just I'm not here just to like, to make money like that
 doesn't inspire me. Inspiring me is like the victory, like trying
 to figure out the next person who we're going after. Right. And
 and I told it's kind of like that scene in Batman, the dark
 night where joke rest Batman, like, why do you hate me? He's
 like, I don't hate you. Like, you fulfill me. Like, I need you
 without you. There's no me, right? And so for me, like, that
 was the transition is like, I didn't take the competitive out
 of me. Like, I kept it. Like, everything I did that drove me
 in wrestling. I kept that, but I focused it over here in
 business. And so the identity was huge. It was just a different
 game. Right. Same athlete, same competitive nature, same
 everything, but the game was different. And so I had to
 figure out the game, figure out the rules, figure out the
 players, figure out the competition, and then and then
 make it fun for me. And so for me, that's kind of, I think how
 I was able to make that transition. And yeah, I don't
 know if that answers the question, but that's kind of the
 mindset behind for me, like, how how does it make that
 transition? And if I'm not like, live Anthony trucks will show us
 the actual process to ship identity, which is I'm so
 excited for.
 Awesome. Thank you so much. That was really helpful. Like,
 just just listening to your experience and hearing it from
 from someone else. And I like the competitive aspect and the
 perseverance that we have as athletes to kind of transition
 out into entrepreneurship.
 Yeah. Very cool, man. Thanks for thanks for jumping on. I
 sure appreciate it.
 Awesome. Thank you, Michael, for being here in Russell. I think
 that wraps up our marketing secret podcast today. How fun
 will make you guys all for jumping on and hanging out? We're
 going to continue these. I'm having fun with it so far. So
 hopefully you guys are as well. For those who listen to the
 recording, if you want to make sure you get on the next live
 when maybe you get your question answered live, go to
 clubhouse with Russell calm that'll redirect you to our
 clubhouse page. Go follow the room. And we'll do this again
 soon. Thank you for all of our guest speakers who jumped on
 Kenya, Dan and my own appreciate you guys jumping on and
 sharing your thoughts as well. Hopefully some of the
 conversation we have a stimulating help you think about
 yourself. Think about your charity. Think about your fun
 channels. Like all this stuff. Hopefully you guys enjoyed it.
 If you did, let us know. And if you want to get here, the
 recording of this, make sure you subscribe to marketing
 secrets podcasts on any of the platforms were there.
 Probably next week or so, it'll go live there and you can go
 and relist and all of stuff we talked about. So I thank you
 and for for all the time. And after you put into it, and
 everybody else here on the clubhouse team. Grateful for
 everybody. And with that said, I guess we'll see you guys all
 on the next episode.
 Hey, everybody. This Russell again. And really quick, I
 just opened up a texting community, which means you can
 text me your questions. And right now I'm spending anywhere
 between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions through text message to people who are on the
 podcast. And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing.
 Pull your phone out and actually text me a message. Okay. Now,
 the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797. Once again,
 it's 208-231-3797. When you text me, just say hello. And
 then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone. And
 then they'll send you back a message where you can add me
 to your phone. And then we start having conversations on top of
 that through this texting community. So I'm going to be
 giving out free swag, giving away free copies of my book. Let
 you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your
 local area and a whole bunch more. So I want to make sure you
 are on this list on top of that. Every single day I'm sending out
 my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks and things. You can
 get for free only through my texting platform. So what you
 need to do right now is play your phone and text me at
 narycove208-2313797. One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I
 can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
