 Hey, this is Russell and welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 You guys have really been enjoying these Q&A so we got a couple more for you and
 Again these came from the ecom versus experts Smackdown out some prints and I did hopefully get a chance to attend that event
 If you didn't come on now, do you hate money that bad like we put all these amazing fans would kill ourselves
 We prepare for months at a time to put these things on for you, and then you were too busy
 You didn't take the time off come on you got to be there there's gold every single time anyway
 The event was amazing and we got some we did a whole day of like Q&A's and stuff
 And so a lot of really good ones came through and this one was one that's interesting
 I'm titling this episode college versus entrepreneurship
 But the question is you'll see with somebody who's about to graduate from college
 It's been all the time energy money doing this thing
 But then like they're not passionate about what they're learning and they are passionate about being an entrepreneur like what do I do?
 Ah, and so I think for a lot of you guys you're in some version of that right?
 Most people don't start entrepreneurship in a number one. You've done something you pursued something you have a career
 You have a business you have a family of something first and you're not happy and you're looking for like where to go from there
 And so hopefully the Q&A from this session will help you if that's where you're at
 Alright, that said well theme song we come back. We're gonna discuss college versus entrepreneurship
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 First up is from Austin Lark. He says I'm so torn
 I'm just about to graduate from college and I'm not passionate about what I have studied
 I feel drawn to life as an entrepreneur. What advice would you give someone like myself?
 Don't take it. You want me to we're tackling this so
 Good news. I remember going through my college. I went to college. I wanted to wrestle
 So I was the thing and I got my degree and I remember
 At my graduation sitting out I cap and gown all these things on and I remember luckily for me
 I'd started my business at the time
 But I remember looking around everybody else and they're all celebrating inside and I was like I didn't actually learn anything
 A value like I have no valuable skills and I was like if I was these guys
 I would be so scared knowing that you had to go out the next day and like use what they learned to actually
 Like get paid money and I was so grateful. I had this thing. I think for you like I wouldn't look at it as a negative thing
 I mean my college
 Time was amazing cuz I like a wrestler. I'm at my wife like all the amazing things happen friendships
 But ma'am, I was so grateful that I had this thing I was looking for that I was doing and it wasn't big at the time
 But I had started and I was like okay now like this is the direction
 I want to go with my life and I think if I was you I would you know
 I don't know your situation life what you're doing where you're out
 But I'd be like like excited that like okay. I had a chance to experience the college life
 I had to do all those kind of things but now I've been given this gift where I know what to do
 And I had no one to do with my future. I remember looking over because my degree was computer information systems
 I was gonna be a programmer
 Yeah, I can't program anything
 And I remember like but everyone's on my row with graduation like they were all my class
 I was like we didn't learn how to like I have a degree
 I don't know how to program anything and these guys that syndrome get there supposed to go to like real companies and ask
 For jobs to do the thing
 I was just like and they still have to go and learn all this stuff on the on the job anyway
 Like they didn't actually get anything that was gonna be helpful at least in my degree
 And so like my guess is for most of you guys especially you're going through college like you probably don't have like
 The skill say anyway, you're gonna have to learn on a job anyway
 Like might as well start doing that next the learning on the job like on something
 That you're passionate about that's gonna be for you. So that'd be kind of my my feedback
 I don't know so one thing that I've learned and I thought it's super fun. I've actually watched a lot of people do this is
 The whole ability to sell we actually have to use this all the time not just in our business
 We buy houses we buy cars some of you buy motorcycles, right?
 And then we have to sell it and then we go buy the next thing and you can actually use this process
 All the time because we're constantly buying things right
 I had one student this was before the big housing boom where housing houses were not selling at all and she used the process of selling
 Her house had sat on the market for a long time wasn't moving. She went to the real turn says can I
 Can I just tweet something she went in right up and wrote up a new description within 24 hours?
 She had not only a full price offer from three people someone paid over
 $1,000 more because of the description and so the the stuff that we're teaching is
 More it's so good for business. Yes and get you going but you need this stuff in everyday life like why is it this stuff taught in?
 Regular schooling I don't understand because this is what we have to have to survive as adults
 Yeah sales for suasion like all those kind of things for sure
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you also Dan Kenny
 And I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this
 Gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter.com not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me to get this gift
 And your subscription go to no BS letter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
