 What's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 I am publishing this episode from inside the Napoleon Hill Room in my makeshift library.
 And I want to share with you some thoughts on competitors, on enemies, on people that are frustrating you in your life,
 directly from Napoleon Hill back in 1922.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services
 and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright guys, so I'm working right now in the Napoleon Hill Library on actually the No BS main newsletter,
 which is kind of fun. Like you guys don't know, I spend multiple days each month writing out the No BS.
 There's a lot of behind the scenes newsletter, a bunch of other things.
 So if you want to hear the thoughts inside my head without waiting for my next books to come out,
 make sure you are a subscriber and you can get subscribed to No BS Letter.com,
 which is where we have our print newsletter. It comes out twice a month for marketers and it's awesome.
 But anyway, in these issues, most of the issues I have, some kind of something from a
 Napoleon Hill or someone who I respect, personal involvement, things from back in the day.
 And today I was going through a bunch of my old Napoleon Hill magazines and this one was from 1922.
 And at the very beginning, there's so much gold in here.
 Some of these things are in the public domain, I'll be republishing.
 But yeah, this is from the January 1922 issue.
 And at the beginning, he has the things, the editors thought inspiring epigrams.
 And I actually didn't know what epigrams meant. So I look up that word, it means statements.
 So these are kind of like, almost like memes or quotes or whatever you want to call them.
 But they're things that he said he had gathered as he studies the motives, which actually the men and their dealings with another.
 And there's like five or six pages of these and they're all these little cool quotes.
 And so a bunch of them actually republishing in this month's newsletter.
 But there were five or six that were in a row all about enemies.
 And it's actually interesting because those who don't know the Napoleon Hill story, he had a business partner when he launched his first magazine called "Heals Gold and the Rule."
 And then eventually his business partner kind of screwed him over out on the whole story behind it.
 But in fact, to have the issue, it was March 1921 when it shifted from "Heals Gold and the Rule" magazine to "The Golden Rule."
 And basically his partner, I believe, kicked him out.
 And so he did what any good entrepreneur would do.
 And he started a new one. So he started his own magazine like a year later called "The Napoleon Hill Magazine."
 And it's interesting as you read his writings.
 He's not very, he doesn't say exactly what it is all times, but he's very much like blatantly like,
 "Hey, I got screwed over here."
 You know, you're not so much that. He's talking about the circumstances, he's learned throughout it.
 But it was interesting because in this issue, he's talking about enemies.
 And so I don't know if he's specifically talking about the enemy who was his partner in the "Heals Gold and the Rule" magazine or something different,
 but he has "Firesek's" bull points.
 And I don't know if he wrote these. If they're quotes he found other people, a lot of them do sound like him the way he talks.
 And then the way I read him and more I understand him and more.
 I think these are things that he, you know, his, yeah, like these are his thoughts.
 So in fact, he says on here, this is the page of condensed philosophies.
 And so these are all condensed philosophies. And there's five or six from here specifically about your enemies.
 It was just, I thought we're fascinating. So I wanted to share just a couple of those here with you.
 So the first one says, "Do not try to destroy your enemies.
 Only combat them to the point of holding them in check so that they cannot destroy you."
 And from that point on, thank God that you have enemies because they keep you alert, active on the job,
 and at work on the plan to keep them from getting the better view.
 This developed strength and power in you that you would have never otherwise known.
 And I said, "Red that's like, oh, it's so cool."
 Like right now, I'm sure you guys see, you know, ClickFunnels, we were the first funnel builder.
 And now there's a whole bunch of knockoffs and competitors and things.
 And, you know, part of me gets annoyed and like angry about it.
 But then part of me is after reading this, I'm like, you know what?
 The reason why we built 2.0, the reason why we were doing the reason why we were about to come in
 and just rock the entire marketplace is because of these enemies, right?
 Because of these people who are fighting against us.
 So it keeps you sharp, keeps you alert, you know, wrestling the same thing.
 Like the better the opponents I had, the better I became.
 So I didn't get enough to beat those people.
 Having a really easy match just didn't help me ever.
 It was the competition that made me great.
 That was really cool. Here's another one. It says, "If our enemies are constantly watching us,
 we are careful not to let them find a weak spot in our fortications.
 And this eternal watchfulness develops qualities in us, which we would otherwise permit to lie dormant."
 Again, like they're watching you, they're trying to figure things out.
 Like don't give them your weak spots.
 Like fortify yourself against these weak spots and again it's going to be a benefit to you.
 Another one he said, "If I had no enemies, it would be necessary for me to go out and create some
 because I need them to keep me stimulated to top notch speed and determined to do nothing except that,
 which will pass inspection under the closest sort of scrutiny."
 He was saying, "You need enemies. You don't have them go out and create some so that you have this new pressure
 that's pushing you to become more, to do more, to create more."
 He says, "You will be fortunate when you adopt this philosophy concerning the vengeance of having an enemy or two,
 and you may rest assured that you are developing power and bigness and depth of character
 when you can smile as you watch your enemies trying to undermine you, knowing that your house is built upon a rock
 that cannot be disturbed by the destroyer."
 "Oh, he's so good. I love to pull in here."
 Here's another one, "Never give your enemies a satisfaction of involving you in a foolish argument."
 Ooh, this is for all of us who get into baits on Facebook with our enemies.
 He says, "Never give your enemies a satisfaction of involving you in a foolish argument.
 You might as well know in the beginning that neither logic nor right will convince an enemy.
 Therefore you will be unwise and waste much valuable time and energy if you stop to argue with the man
 who's looking only for arguments and not for facts."
 Ooh, this is so good.
 And the last one I'll share, it says, "If you have enemies who are trying to get between you
 and the star of your definite aim in life, you should be no attention to the enemies,
 but increase the luster of that star so that it will shine over and above those who would shed it off."
 Oh, so good, so good.
 Anyway, to Pulling Hill from the grave, thank you.
 He's amazing and one of my favorite authors.
 You can hear more on the Pulling Hill stuff from me.
 There's some cool things happening, cool projects I'm working on that I'm excited to share with you guys.
 I hope you enjoyed this episode. If you did and you have enemies, there's some good advice for you.
 Don't let the haters hold you back.
 Don't argue with them. And if you don't have enemies yet, go create something that doesn't make you sharp,
 it'll make you better, it'll make you, the competition will make you better at your craft.
 So, hope that helps. Thanks for watching, and we'll see you on the next episode.
 Thank you for listening to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook, Instagram,
 or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode
 and what you like to hear in the future.
 That'll help me to know what to create for you.
 Also, Dan Kennedy and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever,
 designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time.
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe.
 You can get this gift from Dan and from me right now at nobsletter.com.
 Not only you can get the $20,000 gift, you also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 that will be hand delivered by the Millman to your mailbox each and every month,
 one from Dan Kennedy and one from me.
 To get this gift and your subscription, go to nobsletter.com right now.
 right now.
 (upbeat music)
