 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson.
 Welcome to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Take one.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take
 our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in out
 to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right everybody, welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 So I'm here today inside the ClickFunnels kitchen.
 This first time I've ever filmed a new fridge.
 I'm actually excited.
 You guys want to see a quick view of what the kitchen looks like?
 Oh, there's Dave.
 Hey.
 We got-- I want to cool stuff.
 And we actually built this kitchen
 because for a lot of products we work with,
 some of these are the ones you've kitchen scenes.
 You always rented different kitchens.
 And then we're like, we built the kitchen.
 Just make sure we have a good scenes.
 We can actually film stuff.
 So we do.
 And what's crazy is since we've had it,
 we've never used it for filming.
 So anyway, but today I want to share with you guys
 something kind of interesting.
 And I want to make sure when I say this
 that it doesn't come off bad because it has a good purpose.
 But it's important for you to understand.
 So some of the kind of background behind this
 to set it up so that it all makes kind of sense to you guys.
 So we had a designer that worked first for a while
 to come on and help with user interface, UI, UX,
 those type of things with ClickFunnels.
 And a really smart guy.
 And what he liked to do is he liked to call and actually
 interview customers.
 But first I was like really excited.
 So he'd go and he'd call, I don't know,
 four year or 50 customers.
 And he interviewed and finding out what they want,
 what they didn't want, all those kind of things.
 Which I thought was kind of cool.
 We'd never done that before.
 And some of you guys maybe have actually talked to him.
 It's pretty cool.
 And based on that, I was trying to build UI and structured
 based on customers' feedback.
 And a couple things I kind of found with it.
 One is like-- and it was kind of almost a frustration
 because remember, I came to him and said,
 this is what I want to have done.
 And he treated me kind of like as if I was a customer.
 Like, hey, cool, those are good ideas.
 I'm like, no, like, this is what we--
 like, you need to do this.
 Because this is-- like, I'm not asking you.
 I'm telling you.
 This is not-- I'm not a survey.
 And we always kind of going back and forth.
 And his mind says, like, we need to find out
 what customers won't, which I agree with.
 But then also, this comes back to Henry Ford's whole quote
 about like, if I would ask my customers what they wanted,
 they would say they wanted a faster horse.
 Like, you have to also understand that our customers don't
 always know the vision where we're going.
 That's why we're creating a lot of other visionaries
 like we know where we're trying to go, right?
 So it's kind of interesting.
 So he no longer works with the company.
 Still an awesome guy.
 But that was kind of this frustration I had.
 And I remember for a long time, we've
 wanted to update our onboarding and click funnels.
 And we want to do a whole bunch of really cool things
 we haven't been able to do.
 And this week is actually fun for me
 because we're focusing on that.
 Another side story.
 I was listening to a growth hacker TV.
 There was an interview with a guy that bought the warrior form.
 He also owned Freelancer.com and a bunch of other companies.
 And he was talking about how they grew to a billion dollar
 valuation.
 And one interesting thing he said is
 that they buy these companies, whatever.
 And then they look at the traffic coming through.
 They spend a lot of time optimizing the processes,
 the sign up processes to make more money
 from all that traffic coming.
 Which kind of face we're in right now.
 Like, we have anywhere from 800,000 new people a day.
 It's not a click funnel.
 Just organically, they're coming from who knows where.
 And thank you for coming.
 I don't even know where you came from.
 But grateful to have you here.
 And they're coming in.
 And we lose a bunch of the first month, right?
 There's a big drop off.
 And after that, it stays really steady.
 But there's a big drop immediately.
 And so we're trying to figure out that process.
 How do we capture people and keep them in?
 There's a lot of cool stuff we've done
 that decreased our churn, right?
 Which is the number of nettically look at and increased
 our retention.
 But right now we're a big overhaul.
 I know how do we simplify the sign up process
 and how do we make everything easier?
 And how do we-- anyway, so it's funny.
 You guys will see some new stuff coming in click funnels
 here in the next-- within the next 60 days,
 while this new stuff will be coming live.
 That's just to simplify the process
 and make click funnels easier to use.
 So we're excited for that.
 But I was listening to this guy.
 Yeah, he talked about that.
 I think he was doing this simplification of the--
 or they just worked on the optimization of the sign up
 flow.
 And that's how the companies blew up.
 And then it really focused on the traffic and these other things.
 We're always focusing on traffic.
 And sometimes it's like, how do we make sure
 that the funnel is right so that we're not losing people
 out of the holes in the bucket?
 So anyway, so that said, there's much onboarding stuff
 that I wanted to do and Todd wanted to do.
 And so we kept trying to get this guy to do that.
 We want prizes.
 We want to go for t-shirts.
 We want to do badges.
 We want to do-- like gamify the process.
 And he came back saying, well, we
 can-- how does gamify the process help people
 get the end result?
 Like, we need to get people to the end result.
 And this is just like keeping them busy in the middle.
 And it's funny, Todd kind of mentioned that this morning
 to me.
 And I voxed him back.
 And I was like, there's this quote from Dan Kennedy.
 I heard back in the day that actually ties this.
 I couldn't remember exactly what it was.
 So I ended up voxing.
 I'm going to find the quote.
 I'll come back to you.
 So I ended up finding the quote.
 And I posted it there in voxer.
 What the quote said is you've got to--
 probably to mess this up now--
 confused activity with accomplishment.
 Now, I'm going to be careful when I say this.
 Because some of you guys are going to look at that
 and it might be frustrated or confused or whatever.
 So I posted that and the thing it said, Dan Kennedy said,
 you have to get your customers to confuse activity
 with achievement.
 And so Todd read that first before this in my vox.
 And he thought I was saying, oh, this designer was right.
 Like, that's just going to get people confused,
 focusing on activities as opposed to achievement.
 And listen, my voxer was actually the exact opposite.
 And what's kind of funny is me and this UI designer
 both said the identical thing, but for the opposite side
 of the argument.
 He was saying you don't want to give people activities
 that keep them from the achievement.
 And I was saying, no, you want to give them activities
 so that they feel achievement so somebody
 they get to achievement.
 So you want to confuse activity with achievements.
 Does that make sense?
 And so Kennedy said that basically
 as a retention strategy, people come in
 and they're going to leave.
 He said, no, you need to give them things to do
 so that they have activity that's happening.
 Because the activity is what keeps them engaged.
 Like, if we look at our ClickFunnel stats right now
 and our numbers and things like that,
 the interesting parts are like people that stick
 or people that they have a custom domain.
 They log in at least two and a half times per week.
 There's all these stats.
 I have people that stick or people that are going in
 and doing stuff consistently.
 And so we know that's symmetric is that people logging in
 and using it are the keys.
 So how do we do log in and we use it?
 Well, just like telling them, like, go build a funnel
 and you're going to have achievement.
 You're going to achieve a long funnel.
 Doesn't-- the people will try a little bit
 and then they're going to leave because, like,
 oh, I didn't achieve anything.
 Because the goal is like this huge thing, right?
 The goal is you got to eat the whole entire cow, right?
 Like, that's the goal.
 And so if you're giving your customers,
 here's the goal, you got to eat a cow.
 The problem is they're going to come in
 and they don't eat a cow really quick.
 They're going to be like, huh, and they're going to leave.
 So what you have to do is you have to confuse
 achievement with activity.
 You have to give them activities to do
 to make them feel like they're achieving something
 along the way, right?
 So they come in, you set the table,
 you give them their appetizer to eat that
 and they achieve something, right?
 For us, we're game you find the process.
 You come in, you watch a video,
 you build your hero funnel, we send you a t-shirt, right?
 So you got it, you had activity and so you felt achievement.
 You know you achieved the thing you want yet?
 You felt achievement which then drives you forward
 to do the next thing and the next thing and the next thing.
 And so while all of us want our customers
 to have the achievement at the end,
 the problem is if they sign up and then there's the achievement,
 there's a huge gap in the middle
 they're going to fall into and disappear and die, okay?
 So because of that, we have to confuse activity
 with achievement because that activity will make them
 feel micro-achievements, which then will get them
 to the big achievement at the end.
 So that's the goal, that's the message for you guys.
 It's your creating your training programs,
 your software, your ideas, your products, your services,
 whatever it is you're creating and you're doing,
 why are you thinking about that?
 You have to go and create activities
 that get people to fill small wins, small achievements
 so that it will drive them through this chasm,
 through this gap to get to the big goal,
 the big achievement that you actually want them to have.
 If you don't have those things,
 if you're not confusing activity with achievement initially,
 they're never going to get to the achievement.
 And so that's kind of the message for today.
 I thought it was kind of interesting
 and I think it was funny that we both had the same argument
 for why we wanted to do this onboarding process,
 but he was saying it was a negative thing
 and I was saying it was a positive thing
 and I think it's very positive.
 I think all this should can, it should be you, it's the end.
 So hope it helps you guys.
 And with that said, have an amazing day,
 go back through your programs, your products,
 your services, your members area
 and figure out how you can weave those things in
 because as you get people as little wins along the way,
 it'll get them the momentum they need to get the big wins.
 And that's all I got for you guys today.
 Thanks so much for everything.
 We'll see you guys soon.
 Bye.
 - Want more marketing secrets?
 If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets
 and you can get a free copy at expertsecrets.com.
 And book number two is called .com seekers
 and you can get your free copy at .comsecrets.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets
 that we've used to become the fastest growing
 non-VC backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 (upbeat music)
