 All right, everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 This is episode three of the conversation,
 Domination Presentation.
 I hope you've been enjoying this.
 Hopefully it's getting the wheels you had spinning
 and turning and thinking about what's possible.
 If you have enjoyed this at all,
 please, please, please take a screenshot of this episode
 and post it on social,
 and all your different channels and platforms.
 Tag me on it and use hashtag marketing secrets.
 I'd love to see it.
 I'd love to hear your thoughts about this episode.
 It means the world to me when you guys share this.
 And if you haven't rated or reviewed,
 please log into iTunes and go and rate and review these.
 That way, I always read those
 and it makes me feel good about myself,
 which makes me want to do more podcast episodes
 for you guys for free.
 Literally, this is kind of stuff we normally sell
 and I'm giving to you for free because I love you.
 So in exchange for all this cool stuff,
 I'm giving you for free.
 If you can go and rate and review, that'd be sweet.
 So like I said, in the very near future,
 we're gonna be coming out with a deeper dive training program
 into this whole concept of conversation, Domination.
 But for today, I'm just wanted to give you guys
 this three part series from one of our funnel hacking live events.
 Hope you enjoyed it.
 And with that said, I'm gonna keep the theme song
 and we'll come back with part three of three,
 the exciting conclusion of the conversation
 Domination presentation.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast
 will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Next is Dream 100.
 Dana Derek's is gonna be talking about Dream 100
 I think tomorrow or the next day,
 Dream 100 is the key to all sorts of traffic.
 I cannot wait to unlock this for you guys,
 but Dream 100, these are the people
 that already have your audience.
 So how do you get those people's audiences to follow you?
 There's a lot of different ways,
 partnerships, paying people, we pay people to post stuff
 and say, "Hey, Russell Brunson's awesome,
 "follow me here," and they pay,
 and also we get all the mentioned followers.
 We double our followers in the last month and a half
 by just doing these payouts like that.
 Like it's really, really cool and not that expensive.
 Okay?
 All right, so, and the last one I'm gonna go through
 really quickly is how you post.
 So there's the whole science, this is what I'm not
 gonna go too deep into, but Instagram is based on hashtags.
 Hashtags, we're like this, like Instagram's like a filing
 cabinet, everything's happening in the world.
 Hashtags are like the folders,
 if here's all this stuff's interesting,
 and then your post with the papers, okay?
 So the way it works here is like if you're posting something,
 there's gonna be people on Instagram that are like,
 "What's happening in Disney World today?"
 And if you tag like Disney World, it's gonna pop up like,
 "Oh, Russell's here, like what's happening
 "and people can watch your thing,
 "people can find you that way," right?
 So you can do based on location, on events,
 on the brands, on the community, and on trending stuff.
 So if I was to do a video here,
 if you guys did a video on Instagram,
 you could be like, "Hey, I'm here at Funnel Hacks Live,
 "it's amazing."
 They'd be like, "Hashtag Disney World,
 "hashtag Coronado Springs, hashtag funnel,
 "hacker sure, hashtag click funnels."
 If you do that, when someone searches click funnels,
 'cause they're here at the event,
 or when someone searches Coronado Resort,
 and they're like, "What's happening here
 "in Coronado Resort?"
 And they're like, "Oh, here's five cool people
 "publishing stuff people can find you really quick."
 'Cause it's all about figuring out
 where these conversations are happening
 and you're kind of plugging in, okay?
 And I got one other trick I wanna show you guys
 on Instagram that we're gonna move on to the next platform.
 This is the trick I started using literally 3X,
 how many people watch my reality show every single day?
 Every once in a while,
 I did this yesterday and this morning as well.
 It's like, "Oh, and I just do a video,
 "that's on the plane."
 I'm like, "Hey, everyone, this is in my Instagram feed.
 "Hey, everyone, we're going to funnel hacking lives.
 "It's gonna be amazing.
 "If you wanna see my,
 "if you wanna see behind the scenes what we're doing,
 "click up on the link, you'll see the whole reality show.
 "I'm gonna show you guys behind the scenes
 "of everything, I'll show you meeting all the cool people,
 "it's gonna be really, really fun."
 And all of a sudden, the amount of views I got,
 I'll get over the next week,
 like, we're more than 3X, okay?
 So I'm publishing in my Instagram channel
 to tell people to go up and do it.
 Same thing on Facebook, I go to Facebook,
 "Hey guys, come see behind the scenes
 "and push the people back and let them know something's
 "amazing happening this week.
 "Make sure you watch my reality show.
 "If they do it for two or three days,
 "they'll be connected and hooked
 "and they'll keep watching for forever."
 All right, so that's Instagram.
 So the next channel that we wanna move into,
 so the next channel I wanna move into in this process,
 so again, if you look at the framework,
 so we've got our ads that build distribution.
 Distribution builds the channels,
 especially folks on Instagram.
 Instagram promotes the episodes,
 and now I wanna start focusing on other channels as well.
 Okay, now one thing I wanna stress,
 I don't want you guys trying to go build
 all channels at once.
 I want you guys to find one channel to focus on
 and become really, really, really good at.
 Remember, zero to million, million to 10, 10 to 100?
 Zero to millions all about like one channel.
 Most of the guys in your circles,
 and gals in your circle,
 got to two comma club, just doing Facebook.
 That's it.
 Okay, now that it's starting to scale
 and grow, that's the start adding in more platforms.
 So don't forget to do all of them tonight.
 Just pick the one.
 So again, I'm kind of walking through all of them
 just to understand them.
 So this one's, I look at Facebook more like a talk show.
 Okay, the way it works, my goals with this is like,
 if you look at Facebook's algorithm works,
 they want interaction, they want stuff happening,
 they want engagements about comments.
 That's what they're rewarding people for right now,
 which is why Facebook lives are doing so well.
 So I look at these same way,
 if I was like Jimmy Kimmel or Jimmy Fallon or Jay Leno,
 like this is how they do their shows
 for the last however many years, right?
 Same process.
 First thing they do in their shows
 is always opening monologue,
 then they talk about the industry,
 how do they do interviews, et cetera.
 So if I'm doing Facebook live, it's the same thing.
 Here's my opening monologue, let me tell my story.
 Let me do Q&A, let me get engagement,
 get people talking, that becomes a,
 that becomes a how we do like a Facebook live talk show.
 Okay, the other goal is to build a poor.
 Now, a couple of things about Instagram,
 the pros and the cons, the pros are really, really fast.
 You have Facebook live,
 and instantly there's 20, 30, 50, 100,
 500, 500,000 people that fast.
 So it's very fast, it's very targeted.
 The negatives are Facebook is a news feed platform.
 Okay, so it happens, it's there,
 and then it just, it goes down, down, down,
 eventually just disappears.
 It's kind of like email, right?
 Like people don't, if you send an email to someone,
 they don't go back like five years later
 and find an email, like it just, it kind of disappears.
 Same thing happens with Facebook, it's there,
 it's exciting, and then it's kind of,
 it's in the news feed and ends up disappearing.
 Can you think about the same thing with talk shows?
 Like how many of you guys ever go back
 and watch reruns of J. Leno?
 You don't watch reruns of talk shows.
 And when the talk show's showing a rerun from like,
 'cause they're not like you just turn the TV off, right?
 So if you don't watch reruns,
 they're not gonna watch reruns typically
 of Facebook Live, so it's short lived,
 but it's powerful 'cause you're talking
 in the moment right then what's happening.
 So that's kind of the pros and the cons of it.
 So can you have the show distribution to go
 and build your Facebook channel?
 And then you use Instagram to post all the episodes,
 push up to, "Hey, I'm about to go live on Facebook."
 So I mean, amazing, I'm talking about this,
 and we're talking about this.
 So I pop up to watch it, I'm going live in five minutes.
 I'm going live in two minutes.
 I'm about to go live, can watch it.
 I just went live, you guys, if you missed it,
 here's the link, go check it out, right?
 I'm pushing people to that thing,
 and I do the episode, okay?
 So that's how Facebook kind of works in this format.
 The next channel I talk about is my sitcom,
 which is YouTube, okay?
 Now YouTube is obviously a little bit different.
 Our YouTube channel is youtube.com/fennelhacker.
 We spend a lot of time over last year
 trying to figure out YouTube.
 I think my belief Facebook is shifting a lot,
 and I think we're gonna see a lot of changes
 over the next 12 months.
 I think that a lot of you guys,
 if you start putting more energy and effort into YouTube,
 it's gonna be a really good longer term play.
 It's gonna make Facebook do some weird stuff
 and just makes me more nervous.
 So we've been trying to diversify very heavily into YouTube,
 which probably is investing so much time and energy,
 and it's a really good platform for a couple reasons,
 and I'll kind of walk through those.
 So one thing that I expect, sitcoms,
 is people will re-watch them.
 Awesome, how many guys have watched Seinfeld
 at least a hundred times every episode?
 And you guys could quote any episode
 that I gave you through us verbatim.
 Yeah, you're super not serious.
 Yes, so people watch refunds,
 or just gonna have refunds.
 People watch reruns.
 Watch the refunds too.
 Number two, the cool thing about the video
 is you post it on YouTube, and you post it there,
 and then the video, unlike Facebook that disappears,
 you post on YouTube and it grows.
 It keeps growing and growing and growing and growing.
 It's the craziest thing in the world.
 I don't see that on YouTube.
 Actually, I don't see it on Facebook.
 I post it on video on Facebook, it disappears.
 I post it on YouTube and it grows and it grows and it grows.
 Okay, so you can spend more time and effort creating YouTube
 video because the longevity is huge.
 I would not spend a ton of time energy on a Facebook Live
 'cause it's gonna die in a couple of days.
 So jump on Facebook Live to your talk show, Jimmy Fallon.
 They do the whole fun thing, but YouTube,
 like, spend some time and create something amazing
 'cause after it's posted there,
 it'll continue to grow and to grow and to grow.
 And that's the magic of YouTube, okay?
 And people watch things over and over and over again.
 Now, there's two types of videos we create in YouTube,
 and I'm gonna kinda go through both those to understand.
 Number one, so we call it discoverable videos,
 and number two are engagement videos.
 Guess my goal is each week, I'm trying to put out
 at least one discoverable video
 and then one engagement style video.
 That makes sense?
 Okay, so this is how they kinda work.
 A discoverable video, the goal of that
 is to get people to discover who I am.
 This is the other powerful thing about YouTube.
 It's even I have no following.
 For example, I don't know if Joe Marfolio is here,
 but Joe's, yeah, I love Joe.
 Give him a round of applause, he's awesome.
 (laughs)
 So Joe's the dude who's like helping with all my YouTube stuff,
 so you should all give him all your money.
 So when I first met Joe, six, seven years ago,
 it was when we had a product we were selling
 called how to overcome pornography.
 And he saw it and he was like,
 "Hey man, if you want, I can make you a video
 "on YouTube to promote this thing."
 I'm like, okay, like, go for it.
 Like, I have no idea if that'll even work.
 I'm like, do you have a following of people
 who are struggling with pornography?
 He's like, no?
 He's like, the cool thing is like,
 I can create this video in a way
 that people who are struggling with pornography
 will find it.
 So we made two little videos talking about pornography addiction
 that had a link going back to our funnel,
 and he posted them on YouTube,
 and between these two videos,
 what's the view count up to between two now?
 Almost two million views,
 two million people have searched
 for how to overcome pornography addiction,
 saw Joe's videos clicked on the link
 and came into our funnels.
 Two million people,
 and that's any kind of distributions,
 all because it's discoverable.
 Okay, so what Joe's been teaching me
 what we're trying to do more and more of
 is on these videos that are discoverable
 is you're trying to get people to subscribe to your channel,
 when you're focusing each video
 on an actual keyword phrase.
 I'm not gonna get super deep into the weeds on this,
 but that's the thing, so you make a video,
 it's like, hey, my name's Russell Brunson.
 This channel we're talking about how to build funnels,
 and it's really cool how to grow your online business.
 If you wanna subscribe, click on the button
 to subscribe down below.
 And it's like, now today I'm gonna talk about
 then what's my keyword phrase?
 Sales funnels for real estate agents.
 They say that's my keyword phrase,
 and I talk about it and I get them all excited,
 and that's the thing, in the end I give a call to action,
 I go to clickfunnels.com to get a free sales funnel,
 whatever it is, now it becomes a video.
 Now I can get that video ranked for the actual keyword phrase,
 people who don't even know how I'm gonna discover that,
 and they're gonna join my channel,
 and that's kind of the magic behind it.
 Okay, you get focused on the keywords.
 All right, number two then, so there's discoverable videos,
 where you're gonna get people to discover you
 and find you, and the second ones is where
 you create videos that are gonna build rapport with people.
 If people get to know who you are,
 oh, excuse me, I'm jumping ahead.
 Oh, this is, okay, sorry, I'm gonna come back.
 So this is back to discoverable.
 This is a really cool tool that Joe showed me
 called VidIQ, which is awesome.
 VidIQ is a free plugin, you plug into Chrome,
 and then when you go to YouTube,
 your YouTube starts looking way different.
 You look at this, Joe's, you all sorts of stats.
 So if you wanna funnel hack people,
 you go to, like let's say,
 I wanna be ranked for sales funnels.
 I use this plugin, I go to YouTube,
 I type in sales funnels, it says,
 number one, dude, this is what he did.
 This is all the keywords he focused on,
 and this video looks like how many subscribers he gets,
 how many money he makes, it gives you all the detail.
 So as funnel hackers, what do we do
 if you know everything that our competitors are doing?
 (laughs)
 We win, right?
 You reverse engineer that with your videos.
 Say, "Hey, I need a video, it's this long,
 "I need to make sure I focus on these keywords,
 "this targeting, and you go back
 "and you reverse engineer it to go back and create it."
 VidIQ is an amazing tool, it gives you the ability
 to reverse engineer videos,
 so you can go and do the same process, okay?
 All right, so that's number one,
 that's engagement videos.
 That's the discoverable videos.
 The second one is now, we're the engagement videos.
 People are on my channel,
 people who are following me,
 how do I build more rapport with them,
 and it's by creating these other videos.
 How many of you guys watch our funnel hacker TV episodes?
 Yeah!
 How many of you guys have ever seen our behind the scenes show?
 All right, these are all videos,
 so funnel hacker TV are behind the scenes show.
 These are videos we're creating
 to try us connection with our actual audience.
 So they like us, they actually care about us, okay?
 And what's cool about these,
 this is like sign field,
 people will find their favorite episodes,
 they'll share them and watch them over
 and over and over again,
 and a bunch of things like that.
 Here's an example of one of the videos
 we created a little while ago.
 It's done really, really well for us.
 And it's just, I was on vacation,
 I was like, I'm gonna spend a little bit of time
 and we're gonna make a really cool video
 that's gonna speak to my people.
 I wanna connect with them at a different level.
 So after you guys see this video,
 I'm gonna ask you guys,
 I'm curious how many of you guys actually connect
 with this video,
 'cause that was the goal of people on my channel
 to actually connect with it.
 (upbeat music)
 - Why are vacation so hard for entrepreneurs like us?
 Do you ever have any of your friends
 or family members or people you care about,
 maybe a wife or a spouse, tell you something like this.
 You need a break, you need a stoprope
 so you're gonna get burned out.
 How many times do we have people who we love
 and we care about, tell us things like that.
 The thing that a break is what we need to be happy
 to have a balanced life.
 What they don't understand is that us entrepreneurs
 actually get stressed out by vacations.
 Why?
 Well right now I'm in Kauai, Hawaii with my beautiful wife
 celebrating our 15 year anniversary.
 And this beach house right here,
 it's been over $2,500 a night to stay here.
 We've flown in helicopters,
 we've gone on boat tours,
 we've flown down irrigation canals,
 we've had an amazing vacation.
 I'm actually more stressed out now
 than it was at home running my entire company.
 Why?
 Because entrepreneurs don't need vacations.
 But the people around us that we love, they do.
 What our loved ones don't understand
 is that us entrepreneurs,
 we don't get happy and sad like normal people.
 We only feel momentum,
 we either moving forward or moving backwards.
 When we're moving forward, we feel happy.
 When we're not, we feel sad, we feel upset,
 and we feel stressed.
 It's kinda like when the coach pulls you out of the big game
 and sets you on the bench to catch your breath.
 Yet as you're watching the game from the sidelines,
 you're seeing your teammates, you're seeing your players,
 all move towards the goal line.
 You wanna do everything in your power
 to get back into the game.
 Being in the game is why you do what you do.
 What they don't understand is that what we do,
 it is our hobby, it is our vacation.
 And when we're moving forward,
 that's all the fuel that we need.
 When we have to stop for vacation or for sleep,
 so does our momentum.
 So if you're watching this
 and you care about entrepreneur,
 don't worry about us, we're not gonna burn out.
 We don't need a break, we just need to keep moving forward.
 So if our mind is wandering when we're in vacation
 or it seems like we're struggling,
 it's not because we don't love you, we do.
 In fact, that's the reason why we're on this vacation
 is because we do love you.
 We're just trying to figure out
 how to keep moving forward without ruining the vacation
 for others around us.
 And for my entrepreneurs who are watching this,
 first is tag and share this video
 with those who are around you who love you
 so they'll understand you better
 and they'll stop trying to get you to relax.
 And second, the secret to happy vacation for you
 and for the people that you love
 is to figure out ways to keep momentum happening
 even while you're on vacation.
 For me, it's reading a book or listening to an audio course
 or something that I can learn
 that doesn't interrupt the vacation for others.
 For them, it seems like I'm relaxing.
 So the people that I love don't stress out
 and think I'm gonna burn out.
 But inside of my mind, I can continue to plot and scheme
 and figure out how to keep things moving forward.
 You're an entrepreneur and this game we play,
 it isn't a job, it's your life and that's okay.
 (upbeat music)
 - That's how you all feel too, right?
 Let's not make sure I'm not, all right, cool.
 That's the fun that you can't justify that
 and people watch it over and over and over and over again.
 People all the time like, "Hey, I sent that to my wife.
 "I sent it to my parents, I sent it to my kids."
 Now they understand why I'm not this way.
 You create cool stuff like that.
 It's like, against like signup,
 you watch it over and over and over and over.
 They watch it, they share it, it's amazing.
 And so that's kind of the fun stuff.
 So again, the goal of the distribution,
 we're building is to build the channel.
 So you build your Instagram channel,
 your Facebook channel and your YouTube channel.
 And then you go use Instagram now
 to swipe up to watch your episodes.
 So I was in Hawaii, excuse me, we got back in Hawaii.
 I got back in Hawaii making this video,
 it's gonna be amazing, you guys.
 I talk about, talk about, talk about it
 and was finally ready to swipe up to watch it
 and everyone's excited 'cause they're part of the process.
 All right, next channel I'm gonna focus on.
 And this is, I said all of my favorite,
 I love all of them, not gonna lie.
 But this is one of my favorites is my radio show.
 Okay, now the radio show is your podcast.
 How many of you guys have a podcast right now?
 They're in this room, that is amazing, I love it.
 I am a big believer in podcasts.
 So this is your radio show.
 The reason why I like podcasts,
 one of my favorite channels is 'cause it's the most intimate.
 The reality shows intimate, it's nice,
 but this is the most intimate.
 When people listen to your podcast,
 it's usually when they're unplugging from everything else.
 And they're putting it in and they're working out.
 Or they're driving or they're separated.
 And it's you in their head talking to them.
 You're now the appear, she's like,
 every day I work out, I listen to Russell and Alex.
 Okay, we have this distribution channel
 into the minds of our dream customers
 to tell them what we think,
 what we believe, what we're doing, why they should care.
 Okay, and it's powerful.
 Yeah, there's just something magical.
 I think people are insane.
 If you don't have everybody on earth
 should have their own podcast.
 When Alex, Charf and I were hanging out this summer,
 we talked, I'm like, why don't you make a podcast
 about your own personality type?
 He's like, ah, people told me it's a bad idea.
 I'm like, are you kidding me?
 Like, I would love to plug in and just have you like
 brain dump ideas into my head all day long.
 And he did it, is Alex, where are you at?
 Are you in here?
 Yeah, how's the benefit?
 I'm a microphone, but how's the benefit for you so far?
 Has it been amazing for your business?
 There were 200,000 paid downloads without any paid advertising.
 That amazing?
 It's amazing.
 200,000 people or times people have downloaded the message
 that he created and put it into their minds.
 Do you have the power of that?
 They've got me guys to think differently
 because you've heard me talking in your ear
 for the last year or two years, five years.
 I think about the podcast,
 I listen to you like it's transformed me.
 It's one of the most powerful media we have.
 Okay, so it's intimate.
 Podcast listeners will also become your best buyers.
 This is proven.
 People who listen to podcasts are worth more money to you.
 You look at like, in fact,
 you'll get people that listen to the radio in the car
 versus people who listen to podcasts.
 It's, I don't know the exact numbers.
 It's like average person listens to radio all day,
 like makes like 30 to $50,000 a year.
 Podcasts are like, $150,000 a year.
 Like it's crazy the separation.
 You see people actually listening to you
 during their drive times so that they're more, more to you.
 Plus you'll be found on a platform,
 people who are actually looking for your stuff as well.
 My big suggestion, don't just do a question and answer show.
 It's okay to do question and answer stuff.
 The biggest problem I have with Q&A shows
 is that people don't get to know you as well, right?
 Like I like listening to a podcast
 that I want to hear the hosts and what their thoughts
 and their ideas are.
 So you can do Q&A, but I recommend
 do a lot of more just you talking and telling your stories.
 Next thing is try to record them
 how people are actually listening to them.
 The first five years of my podcast was me driving in my car
 on the way to work while I was talking.
 And most people start listening
 while they were driving in their car
 to the way wherever they worked at.
 If I was in the fitness market,
 I would be working out of my treadmill,
 doing my podcast, knowing that my audience
 is probably working out of the treadmill
 while they're listening to me.
 I like creating it the way
 that they're gonna be consuming it.
 If I had a marriage thing,
 I'd be doing it and laying in bed with my wife,
 telling my podcast there
 'cause that's what they might be listening to, right?
 I'd be looking at creating it the same way
 they're gonna be consuming it someday.
 This is a really good place that's,
 because of the format you can have longer shows
 and people actually listen to you.
 You can share your beliefs,
 you can share your observations,
 you can talk about what you're learning.
 And the cool thing about this is I feel like
 with my podcast, it's been like,
 everyone who's been following me,
 it's like you're always on the edge of discovery with me, right?
 I've launched the podcast right after my company collapsed
 before we launched ClickFunnels.
 I've been publishing it like three or four times a week,
 since then.
 And those who have binge listened
 into the whole thing,
 like you've been part of this journey with me
 and it's like discovering new things.
 I'm not trying to be all postured all the time.
 I'm like, oh my gosh, today we've learned this.
 I'm like sharing everything we're discovering
 as we're discovering it.
 And it's just really powerful
 because people are following you on this journey
 and gives you a ability to talk about your why
 in a way you can't do typically.
 The other cool thing about podcasts
 is that people actually binge listen to you.
 When I found people come in to listen one or two episodes
 if they like you, they'll go back.
 I'm curious, how many of you guys have listened,
 have found out about my podcast,
 listen to a couple episodes
 and it's starting at the very beginning
 and binge listening to every single episode
 at the beginning of time 'til now.
 That's powerful, do you guys see that?
 I'm trying to constantly do this more often my podcast.
 If you like this, go to the beginning
 and binge listen from the beginning.
 If you listen to all of them,
 we actually put them on MP3 player.
 It's like two or three days of constant audio.
 It's like 42 to 70 hours.
 It means people have listened to me,
 all you guys raised your hand,
 it's almost a week of uninterrupted time listening to me.
 How does that change our relationship?
 How does that change everything
 that I'm able to do for you and with you?
 It's huge and that's why I love podcasts.
 People get into a binge listen.
 I like publishing at least three times a week
 and those some of the things.
 Once again, we come back to the beginning,
 we use email messenger to build our channels,
 you build your Instagram channel, Facebook, your YouTube
 and you build your podcast with that
 and then you can use your Instagram reality shows
 to promote each of the individual episodes on there.
 And then the last question now, what other channels?
 And again, for all you guys,
 it's gonna be different depending on what kind of business
 you're in.
 Some of you guys, Twitter is a good channel.
 Some is LinkedIn, some is Pinterest,
 some is Twitch, some is your blog,
 like the different channels.
 Pick the channels that make the most sense for your business.
 Okay, and master that channel before you move on
 to the other one, okay?
 So again, this is the framework
 for conversation nominations.
 Is that helpful you guys?
 That cool?
 Would you like to see behind the scenes
 of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the Scenes reality TV show at www.FunnelHacker.tv.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
