 Hey, this is Russell Brunson welcome to marketing secrets today's show is about conversation domination
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone, this is Russell and I hope you guys are an awesome today
 I have a really cool thing I want to share with you guys and if I'm being completely honest, I am completely fried right now
 It's Friday
 My wife just left out of town with three of my kids and left me with two
 And so she was up packing to like three in the morning
 so I felt like a one and at three she left so woke up to say goodbye to them and the kids and then
 And the same time my little two-year-old Nora woke up and then sobriered on bed with me
 But then she went crazy thanks two hours like screaming and jumping and kicking and like I think she knew that mom wasn't around and
 Anyway, so got kind of hard
 Anyway, it was really hard. It's five about five five five three I put it back to bed
 And I came down and and I fell asleep for two hours and I woke up and then so it's like two or three hour night
 and then
 Race the office we had final Friday's day and then luckily Jim forgot which I was like, thank heavens
 So gave me a chance to kind of like
 Get some stuff done and then I had what we call a decade in a day
 So those remain in a circle
 We just cool thing all decade a day which is like the coaching program part like when they first come to program
 They get to be part of a decade in a day and every time they renew they get a decade in a day
 And so what it is is basically me taking a decade of my experience and jamming into one day for them
 And and the way it works
 We actually change in the past we should do different but I figured out a new format and today was the first day of it
 It's so cool any of you guys are in coaching programs. This is the way to do it
 So we have a hundred people in a circle any given time
 It's what we did is we went and we took each of their
 Basically each person got 30 minutes and send me just coaching one-on-one where they get the value
 That's kind of it
 It is we coach them, but I use zoom which is new webinar platform
 That's becoming like the coolest thing ever and and then we zoomed each person into the into the vire fake
 The inner circle Facebook group right so I had person of one
 Brought them on like didn't you know to ask questions that I click record and stream to Facebook and then it streamed their presentation
 So for 30 minutes
 I haven't introduced themselves really quick
 And then we talk about the business like coaching for 30 minutes and while it's happening it's streaming live to all the other
 99 inner circle members and everyone in there's in there like giving feedback and dropping resources and and all these amazing things are happening in there
 And that call ended then I ended it and zoom
 Let's you just end the Facebook live and then I start the next one of the next pull next person in and go boom
 We did that for 30 minutes and then and so everyone watches the new one starts
 And then it's it's archived in the inner circle members area that person like story for 30 minutes and me coaching him
 Everyone else starts dropping feedback and comments and we did that I think eight times today
 So it's like anyway, it was kind of crazy
 But I was amazing because it was it was me coaching but then also they've 99 other
 Fellow inner circle most all coaching as well dropping resources links ideas
 resources
 It was it was amazing. So I'm really excited about the new addition to the inner circle
 Which is awesome and Steven who's behind me over here. He just got done with the two comical coaching
 Which is the the tier before inner circles like two comical coaching and he spent four hours doing Q&A today
 It's insane people anyway
 I've been there's now for a long time and our coaching programs have become like second to none between
 Anyway, it's it's it's exciting. So a lot of fun changing the world, you know
 It's cool feeling to see people's lives like I got it and I go out and do it and it's results. It's just fun
 Oh, so fun. Yeah, so that's what we do today
 About taking my kids to studio C, which is really really fun
 So you'll see is if you have go to youtube and search studio C. You'll see who they are. They're amazing
 Anyway, we're going taking Aidan who's one of the two kids left at home with me tonight to that
 So I'm heading out here in a few minutes
 But I just having a conversation with some of the marketing team here and I wanted to share something as as I was thinking about because I
 Thought it was really interesting and so the conversation we had
 What comes back to so there was a guy in how he swarched when I first got started who was big online and he
 He had a course called conversation domination and it was about
 Getting in Google and like so you type to name if you had to say type to name into Google like all ten spots
 would be you like you would dominate the conversation right and
 Anyway, I don't know. I haven't heard from how he forever. I know he's up to nowadays, but anyway
 The con the concept the conversation nomination. I thought was awesome like you know you type in your keyword near the
 All ten spots and all the paid ads are all you like you dominate the conversation
 You're the only person there
 It's like as I've been doing this whole new social media thing which you guys are watching me do hopefully and hopefully learning and following and modeling and funnel hacking
 That's my thoughts like conversation nomination. I want what you open up any platform that I'm dominating conversation like I am in your podcast
 Feed I'm in your YouTube feed. I'm in your blog RSS
 I want to dominate the conversation every single platform. So anywhere you look like I am the only alternative, right?
 And I think it's important anyway, so but what's interesting so
 This is like the mind. I think I know now why like I always wondered why nobody else is doing this outside of Gary Vaynerchuk in our market, right?
 Yeah, they're my student in my my my entrepreneurial business market like the people probably in other markets
 But in ours like the only person is Gary V and I think I finally realized why
 Because I have my business is built off email right so we build a big email list
 I'm you know we've had over a million entrepreneurs who've been on that list
 Active probably half a million or so, but what's interesting is like I assume like okay
 I'm going to launch an Instagram
 I'll send an email and also know how the million people Instagram and I'm gonna go my blog on push over there
 I'm doing people my blog and like but with the reality that I found is it's not true like people I
 Think about this for yourself like how do you like to consume content?
 What's your platform?
 Everyone's got one or two that's their favorites like do you like reading blogs? Maybe your your your blog reader or do you like?
 Listen to podcast maybe a podcast person okay, or do you like watching videos?
 You go to YouTube or do you check your email like you go to Instagram?
 Do you go to Facebook and what's what's your platform of choice?
 And I thought that everyone was on every platform, but I don't think that's the case
 There's a there's a small percentage of our but even now if we take our Facebook list and we and we run next to our to our
 Email list and look at those side-by-side our Facebook email list like the crossover in the middle is shockingly small
 I would assume they were like the same people, but they're not like
 It's just fascinating. So like when you understand that
 The big shift to we're having is like I thought like okay
 Well, I Facebook has to build Instagram and like that kind of works
 But not really because face people are Facebook because they're like Facebook right Instagram people and Instagram people
 And so like the more I start thinking about this the conversation
 We just have with our team was like look we have to realize that people that read blogs like to read blogs
 People listen to podcasts like listen to podcasts that makes sense like people that watch YouTube videos like watching YouTube videos
 All right, the people that are Instagram or an Instagram like that seems stupid, right? But think about that like
 And so like what we're talking about and I've been talking a lot with you guys and maybe not with you guys
 But internally with our team about about the dream 100 right like dream 100 for us has always been email focused up to this point
 Like let's find all the people's list and we'll dream 100 the crap out of them and get them to promote our products or our services
 And it's worked right we built a huge company off of the back of that and recently I did an episode a few weeks ago
 Talking about like how we're using a dream 100 for SEO and it by the way that we're executing it and it's working awesome
 So listen the episode and do it
 But think about this like if I want people to read my blog
 I don't need to go become really good at Facebook ads to get people in my blog
 You can there's crossover, but what's better is who are the like?
 People who read blogs read blogs, right?
 So who if I want to launch my blog and successful who are the other people that?
 They have successful blogs that my people are already reading my my dream clients already reading because people who read blogs read blogs
 So I need to find those people and dream 100 them and get them pay them or part of them or whatever get them the right blog article about me
 because
 Because blog people like to read blogs, right?
 So if I'm reading a blog and I read a blog about someone I go over their blog like like someone's blog needs to promote my blog
 Someone's podcast needs to promote my podcast
 Somebody's YouTube channel needs to promote my YouTube channel because people who watch YouTube watch YouTube, right?
 And so it's kind of a shift in my thinking like thinking about this like that's how the dream 100 as I'm getting more granular with it
 It's it's fascinating like
 like
 If you hear me on podcast you'll notice here
 You know, you don't know me. I do a podcast people like so where can we get to know more about you Russell?
 I'm like, oh go to Russell Blunzer dot com and there's a bunch of stuff there
 I know if I'm on a podcast like hey you like listen podcast go to marketing secret icon. There's my podcast you subscribe
 It's awesome because podcast people listen to podcasts, right? If I'm on a blog
 I'm gonna talk about my blog if I'm on a YouTube channel talking about YouTube channel on my Facebook feed
 I'm talking my Facebook feed like like
 Understanding that okay, that's number one and again
 There will be a little bit of crossover
 But the majority of your blog readers will come from other blogs because blog readers read blogs
 Majority of YouTube subscribers come from other YouTube channels because YouTube people watch YouTube
 I never watched YouTube video up until three months ago. We launched our YouTube channel to be completely honest
 I didn't care about it. I didn't watch I got never went there. I didn't understand
 It was so foreign to me like get there now. I'm in this world
 I'm like who cares a lot of cool stuff happening here and people that like YouTube like they're on YouTube all day long all the time
 People are on Facebook or other like and so you start understanding that as you're doing your dream 100
 You become more granular with your focus and your traffic all those kind of things want you to remember that you want to have
 Conversation domination the key to that is the dream 100 going back dream 100 people and then getting people who are bloggers
 To read your blog and people who are podcast listeners listen to your podcast and so on and so forth across all the platforms
 That's awesome. Huh? Can you get awesome Steven? Oh
 Anyway, for those of you guys who are not watching this on the YouTube channel
 We listen to podcast Stevens behind me and he's screaming excited too
 So how makes sense you guys I'm dropping gold bombs
 So me has not be able to not be prepared for it yet if you're not go search for the dream 100
 I think I've been podcast or videos. I've talked a lot about that
 So you're not familiar with the dream 100 yet like go and study that
 And then come back to this like this that'll be a point in the in your business when this concept will be the biggest way
 If you just go from wherever you are to the next level
 It's huge for us is what we're focusing on and as we're trying to go from eight to nine figures a year
 Which we're we got a good shot. Maybe hit in this year. It's gonna be a stretch this year next
 She'll be easy, but yeah this year we might make it so we had a couple things happening
 They they're gonna give us the ability to potentially hit that so it's gonna be fun anyway
 That's what I want to mention you guys. Hopefully I enjoy this podcast if you love it
 please go to mark go to iTunes and
 Rate give me some stars even one or two stars if you want but if you really had a good time give me five tell people
 You don't think also if you have your own podcast, please tell your podcast listeners listen to my podcast
 I would really appreciate that if you're on YouTube channel, please tell YouTube people listen to my YouTube videos
 If you're a blogger, please blog my blog that'd be very amazing. So I hope it helps you guys appreciate you all
 I'm gonna go home play with my son. We're gonna go to the studio
 So you have a blast peace have a good night. See you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (upbeat music)
