 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. All right. I got a special treat for you guys over the next
 three episodes so
 Not the most recent final I have two final liking lives ago. I did a presentation that was really excited about and it's called conversation domination and
 Where the kind of the back story behind this is one of my friends
 Had a course about a decade ago called conversation domination
 Since how it works and it was all about Google SEO and the concept back then was
 Basically you'd go to Google and you type in your you know
 Boise dentist and like all the listings all ten would be you all paid out to be like you would dominate the conversation
 You'd be at everything all over Google and it was awesome
 He had a big company and a brand teach enough a long time and then he went off and you know
 He's got a ton of other companies and he kind of shut down his training company
 But I always love that concept of conversation domination like I want to dominate the conversation
 And a lot of you guys know like I'm not a huge SEO dude anymore
 I I I dabble in in the dark arts of SEO for for a long time. We still do it
 But conversation nomination for me became bigger especially as social movement started happening right and we have all these amazing
 Channels we have Facebook we have Instagram we have YouTube we have Pinterest we have all these these things that are popping up and
 It's funny because I always used here you know back a decade ago
 How are we talking about conversation nomination?
 You want to make sure that everywhere you're all you know omni-present everywhere you look you are there and you're entertaining you're educating
 You're you're there and you're talking about from a Google standpoint
 But as I was building click phones like I want to be omnipresent everywhere on on social
 So when you pull out your your cell phone like you open it up
 It doesn't matter if you're going to the Facebook app or the Instagram app or YouTube app like you were seeing me and my message
 And all that kind of stuff and so I do this initial presentation kind of going through the the initial principles of that now
 I'm sharing this video because I'm working secretly behind the scenes. Nobody knows about the shadow my teams. Don't tell them
 but I'm actually working on
 more of a
 Training not a training course. It's not the right word, but kind of a training course
 Going deeper into these concepts and then like actually showing you okay if you want to if you want to dominate the conversations
 Here's how you do it specifically and going deep dive on like how to dominate the podcast channel how to dominate
 Instagram and Facebook and all that kind of stuff and so I'm working on that right now
 And so as I'm working on that project
 I want to kind of just bring this up into your mind
 So you guys start thinking about it again because I'm sure sometimes the next couple months will come out with that that
 Projecting has have a chance to kind of tap into that and and see it all and so I just wanted to kind of re bring this up
 So what I'm gonna do over the next three episodes is I'm gonna show you
 I'm gonna let you guys listen to that presentation from funnel hacking live
 And so that's kind of game plan. So
 With that said I'm a cute theme song and we're gonna dive into the first part of this presentation
 I hope you enjoyed if you're liking if you like this episode
 and this little series we're giving you right now, please go and take a little screenshot of it and
 And posted on Instagram Facebook YouTube any of the social channels
 You're in tag me and use hashtag marketing secrets that we all be able to see it and it means a ton to me
 And also same time if you are liking this podcast, please go to iTunes rate and review me
 That means the world to me as well and with that said
 The theme of this cute theme song and then you will jump right into
 Session one of the conversation domination presentation
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so I want to share a presentation with you guys
 this is
 I'm so many fun presentations this event
 This is what I'm really excited for so the title the con of the this presentation is called conversation domination
 How to get your dream clients?
 addictively binge watching you on every platform that they live on
 There's one kind of caveat here. This isn't for people who are I just dabbling you're like yeah
 This is for people who believe so much in their met in their in their message
 You know I can't read my handwriting. It's only for people who are so
 passionate about their message
 They're willing to go out there and try to be everywhere to all people okay. That's what we're talking about today now a couple things is
 With most of my presentation most of them talk about today
 There's gonna be different levels of this so those who are the beginning there's gonna be pieces right sweet
 I can go and start this implending immediately and some of you guys who are further along
 There's gonna be more more of it, but the end picture the end goal this entire thing is get a point where you are dominating the conversation in your market
 Okay, right now since we've launched click funnels that I'm aware of there have been 37 click funnels killers that have come out
 37 guess how I know that every time one comes out I get every person on planet Earth messaging me forward me all the emails and everything
 37 people have come to try to take down click funnels since we started okay
 But I've done something strategically in the middle of it
 I've tried to make so much noise constantly consistently that nobody can hear anything else besides us
 It's done pretty well so far, right?
 There'll be more competitors and we'll continue to have fun with this process
 But this is a big part for all of you guys like you want your message everywhere so that people are seeing you all the time everywhere
 You're going so that's what we're talking about now to begin to kick this presentation off
 I want to share a really quick video clip from Gary Vaynerchuk. It's gonna kind of set up this whole presentation. I think this is
 the television in
 1965 if you I'd actually like I know a lot of you like whatever just really pay attention is because this might be one of the
 better things I say this
 This is the television in 1965 and the TVs they're the radio
 Right so people and if you go and start so what I do well for somebody who's a student
 The one thing I do study is history because history loves to repeat itself
 Right and so if you go look at the brands the beer brands that were romantic
 about staying on the radio because that's how they did it and
 Didn't shift the television while things like Miller Lite that nobody's ever heard of went TV only and became the brands
 If you look at TV
 1965 that's what I think this is and I think YouTube
 Instagram and Facebook are ABC NBC and CBS
 So do I think and then I think I within it is mash and happy days
 Got it. So that's the system. So do I think over time?
 ESPN comes around and HBO comes I do there will be more channels built on this platform and there'll be more competition
 That's what's happening. And so what you need to do is for your business figure out the channels where you could be the star of that network
 There's the context what we were talking about for the next hour now
 Ten years ago when I first had the chance to be Tony Robbins for the very first time
 He invited me out to his event. I had a chance to sit with him and then he told me said look Russell
 I'm looking for help. I'm like you're Tony Robbins
 What do you help with and he told me a really interesting story?
 He said if you look back he's like the way I got my start it was on TV. We ran infomercials
 He said when I got started though, there were three channels CBS ABC and NBC
 He's like I was everywhere on every single channel because there were three is like you couldn't get away from you know
 How hard you tried?
 How many guys remember that this is before my time
 But having his number on every channel all you saw was Tony all the day long because there's three channels
 He dominated all of them and actually found infomercial from him from back in the 80s
 The Anthony Robbins live author of the international bestsellers unlimited power and awaken the giant within you've seen him on national television
 Now is your chance to see him live
 Monday January 11th at the Ottawa Congress Center during this full-day seminar
 You'll learn techniques used by top business leaders fortune 500 companies and Olympic athletes alike
 Thousands have enjoyed and benefited from the dynamic and powerful presentation style of Anthony Robbins take action now call 224 30 37
 This event will sell out call 224 37 now
 All right
 That amazing look at his hair. I'm gonna tease about that on for a Saturday. Just kidding that won't is Tony Robbins
 Every once um
 No, but it was interesting so when I met Tony though
 I was in hotel with him eating dinner and we're talking and he said he told me this
 He said look when I got started three channels we dominated and I built the biggest brand on earth
 He said what happened though is that cable came out and all of a sudden there was a splintering where all of a sudden
 There was 10 20 30 50 channels
 He's like I've been trying to buy as long as channels and now I cannot I can no longer do it profitably
 And Tony's business was in trouble at the time
 That's why he moved you shot a bunch of us internet nerds
 He was like what should I be doing you guys and we came some strategies and over the next next 10 years Tony
 His blown up his empire now is bigger than it was ever, but he was intelligent to know like look
 Channels media splitting like I got to figure out how to play this game and so I saw this clip from Gary Vaynerchuk
 I was like that's amazing like we had this really rare really unique opportunity
 We're literally these phones right here Gary said these are the TVs from the 1960s
 So if all of us and no bad if I was to go back in 1960s and I was gonna be on TV
 I would be on every channel like Tony. I build the biggest brand possible
 But we can do the same thing today
 That's the whole goal
 So I'm gonna walk you through kind of my model because this is what we are doing
 We're trying to dominate the entire conversation in our marketplace
 And I'm gonna kind of walk you what we're doing and how we're doing it and hopefully with some of the presentations
 You heard earlier about vulnerability and building your tribe if you weave those type of things into this of getting your message out to people
 It's gonna change the game for you. Okay. All right, so I'm gonna briefly go over the history of TV
 Okay, so step number one of TVs is that we had to get distribution into people's homes people had to build TVs and actually get them into people's houses, right?
 I must have been a horrible process, but eventually there was TVs in everybody's houses then the next step is there was channels
 So on these TV there was ABC CVS and NBC right three channels was all there was and then each channel had individual shows
 Okay, and that's how TV work. So distribution
 Channels and then shows and then channels. Okay today the game is a little bit different, but it's similar
 So I'll play today number one people already have the TVs everyone already has the phone in their pocket
 Is there anyone in this room right now that doesn't have a phone in their pocket?
 Not one hand. Okay distributions done. That's nice. That's taking care of for you guys
 Okay, step number two then is they already have the channel how do you have the Facebook app on your phone?
 YouTube app
 Instagram the channels are already there as well. So our step now is we need to create shows on their channels on those channels and promote those shows
 That's it. Like that's the game. It's really fun. So here's how we plan it
 This is the framework on the right hand side that we're gonna be walking through for the next 45 minutes
 So this presentation so I'll kind of go through every step, but that's the framework of what we're gonna be talking about during this presentation
 Okay, so step number one in this in this framework is we have to get distribution for our shows
 Right how do we get an audience is actually gonna watch our show?
 Okay, step number two then we need to grow our channels
 There's a lot of people that are on the channels and the step number three. We're gonna promote the actual shows that are happening and
 If you do that it's going too far if you do that you can literally become the Tony Robbins in your market
 Okay, so that's what we're gonna be going over here right now. Is that something fun?
 How many is going to be Tony Robbins in your market?
 Yeah, all right. Me too. That'd be so fun. All right step number one
 This is the secret
 I need everybody to understand about business as a whole
 I wish somebody would explain I grabbed me by the ears and explained this to me 10 years ago took me a while to figure this out
 The secret to winning in this business and any business at all is distribution the person who will win is always the person with the best
 Distribution the ability to get their message to people distribution is the key. Okay. How many is what shark tank?
 I understand this you watch shark tank and see something interesting each of the people on the shark tank have a
 Just different distribution channel. You notice this
 Damon John has got really good distribution in retail
 So he sits back and all the different people in there and he's like I'm out. I'm out
 I'm out and someone's like a clothing line is like I know distribution. I'm in gives us money connects them as a distribution channel
 It makes money
 That's it
 Okay, Lori Grineer. She's on there like all these things come back to the eye. I can't do an infomercial can't do an infomercial can't do an infomercial
 That's an infomercial product. She bids on it plugs into distribution channel boom explodes
 Like that's the key every shark on shark tank has a distribution channel. They understand that's it
 And so they sit in a way for an offer they know they can plug into distribution channel and then they win
 Okay, so the big secret in this whole game is building your own distribution channels when you have that you can
 So whatever it is you want you can sell seminars you can sell events you can sell supplements
 You can sell like whatever you want to sell you can sell but you have to have a distribution channel
 Okay, now the internet most distributions have a couple ways one is our email list. How many guys have an email list right now?
 Good that's your distribution channel. My email list has saved me over a decade of stupid choices
 Right, how many guys have been saved by your email list at least once right? It's a distribution channel
 You create a product create a service send the email out to that to that list and they make you some money
 I remember when I first got this this was probably man 13 14 years ago now
 Someone was explaining me this concept of email list
 I said look if you have an email list of a hundred thousand people and you send the email selling like a 30 or 40 dollar product
 It's like point oh one percent by like that's like eight thousand dollars. I was like
 Holy crap. I need one of those list things. That sounds awesome
 And that was kind of key now if you look at the metrics in math
 This number of people would say and I think it's low
 But if you have an email is you should average on average at least one dollar per name per month on your email list
 And that's on the low low low end if you're really bad at this okay
 So if you understand that you know, what's my goal is my goal is to make a hundred thousand dollars a year
 My goal is making million dollars you whatever that is you just have to reverse engineer this okay
 I need if I have ten thousand people my list as ten grand a month hundred twenty thousand dollars a year
 Boom that's when we folks that how do I build that distribution?
 Okay, if you want a million dollars a year
 So they can't eat hundred thousand people on my list that's hundred thousand dollars a month times twelve months hundred one point two million
 Like that's the key is the distribution channel
 So you're building a list and again, this is one dollar per name per month like on the lower end
 Especially nowadays when all the support tying in a social media and connection and vulnerability those numbers go up
 I've seen people ten fifteen twenty dollars per month per name
 So this is like the low end if you're really really bad at it
 Thanks, I think
 It should be you guys pumped again
 Number two now, which is growing rapidly almost probably bigger so is social lists okay
 And messengers one of the biggest ones how many guys have been using messengers in your business? Yeah
 Yes, this is a gift from the marketing gods, so I'm grateful for messenger list
 So the questions washer bonus I build an email list or should I build a messenger list like which one's better?
 And the answer is you need both do not rely on one distribution channel in anything
 Okay, I promise you guys mark Zuckerberg does not like your business and someday he will screw you over
 Promise I mean as his Zuckerberg already kicked you once or twice okay
 I learned this the hard way back
 15 years ago when Larry and Sergey at Google I thought they were my friends and I found out they don't actually need my money
 No matter how much I give them right they kicked us so
 One is like the scariest number if you build nothing but a social list you can be in trouble
 You have nothing but email is you can be in trouble, so I like to have distribute I to have
 To have a blend of both I'm gonna show you guys a strategy we're using now where everyone who joins our list
 They're being put on both instead of just one
 Okay, and I'm sure some really cool stuff, so someone is how do you build your distribution?
 Okay, if you've read the dot-com secrets book I
 Talk about a concept that's very very important
 My mics alive I come close to that my mic dies all right
 There are basically there's three types of traffic
 Online who remembers this from dot-com secrets 101
 Three people we're gonna study hall all right
 three types of
 Traffic
 Okay, the first type of traffic is traffic you control
 Okay, I don't own this traffic, but I control it Zuckerberg owns traffic right so I can go to him like hey man
 I can write you a check for some of your traffic is like sure where you want to send it to and I'm like
 I control this traffic. I'm gonna send it over here and I can send it somewhere right
 That's traffic I control and you kind of add you are paying for you are controlling traffic you do not own that
 But you are controlling it the second type of traffic is traffic that you don't control
 traffic
 You don't control it's like people just show up on your site
 How many of us have a blog and somehow people show up you really know how but like they're there
 We have some of that that's really nice, but I don't control it
 So it's like they show up and they're there that's awesome, but like I don't control it right
 a lot of SEO PR things like that where people are showing up because of stuff you're doing and it shows up okay now I
 See a lot of people talk about like this like this is your business is buying ads
 I'll be like this is your business doing free search and PR like for me
 It's like neither these are like two really bad distribution channels
 I want to build my own distribution channel
 So all the traffic that I control and all the traffic I don't control all gets pushed into one thing where it becomes traffic that I own
 The only reason why he gives Zuckerberg money is so I can take clients off his platform and turn them into something that I own
 So now I can own that
 Distributions that makes sense when I own the list. It's really cool. I can wake up one morning like hey
 I think we should do an event let's call funnel hacking live think anyone show up
 I don't know I own some traffic. Let's go some traffic and I can throw traffic and also me find out if people wanted or not
 Sometimes they do something they don't I did a good what in the hell then they buy it and like sweet list you more of this
 But when you own traffic you can you can make up offers you can make up ideas like it becomes this game becomes really really easy
 Okay, so if you shift your mindset from like I'm gonna buy ads and do free search whatever to like okay
 All the traffic I can I'm gonna try get traffic control and traffic I don't control and turn it into traffic that I own
 Because after you own it then you can do anything you want with it. Okay, so that's my goal every time we're by we're building up our companies
 That's my goal covering traffic you control and don't control and traffic that you own okay
 So a couple ways number one traffic you control
 Traffic you don't control and traffic you own so I'm gonna show you guys how we do this so the first is traffic you control
 Okay, so I control as I'm buying it from wherever I'm buying ads from I'm sending it somewhere typically
 I'm sending that to some type of a funnel right
 And they come to the funnel they fill out a form and usually I feel the form I get their email address
 But we've got a new feature coming out and click funnels that I will be showing you guys off tomorrow
 Called called opt-in bumps where no longer do we just get their email we get the email on their messenger
 This is when we're doing it on our two-step order forms and this is when we're doing all of our opt-ins now
 It's really exciting
 So all the traffic I control if I'm buying any kind of ad I'm not sending it random
 I'm saying it to a funnel and on that funnel. I'm trying to get email and messenger now
 I got two distribution channels. So if one of them breaks off. I still have a business. I've got both
 Okay, so for us now everything we're pushing through we're trying to get both those things at the exact same time
 Okay, and I said tomorrow we'll show you guys all the new people 25 new things to show you and click funnels
 That's one of them you're gonna love
 Yeah
 Okay traffic I don't don't control now as some of these other ads stuff. I'm running so
 This is I want to show you some cool that we learned recently that it was like a big ah-ha for us
 Okay, so this is an ad recreated
 I'm just gonna show like five seconds of it because I don't want to do the whole thing
 Hey, my name is Russell Brunson and this book my new book is literally on
 Okay, so I learned another book on fire is awesome
 right and I push people like go to
 Expert six icon to buy the book and I was working but I was like
 But it has like is there a better way and then I was listening to the radio and my man Brandon
 Mushard had heard a radio ad and all of a sudden I had like this light bulb moment that was insane
 How many guys have heard Brendan's radio ad?
 Okay, how many guys when you heard that you started freaking out and jumping like a little girl like I did
 Only you okay, and you all right a couple of you guys were excited like me so listen to this ad
 This is the older one so the one 800 number doesn't work anymore
 But listen to the concept when you listen to them explain why this is such a huge breakthrough for me to listen this hi
 I'm Brandon Burchard some people call me the world's highest paid motivational trainer
 And some people call me crazy because I've just authorized a nationwide giveaway of my recent New York Times
 Bestseller the motivation manifesto in the next 24 hours
 I want to give away as many free books as possible to get your hardcover copy text book 10 to 99,000 or go to
 Motivation book calm if you want to reach your true potential personally professionally or financially you need this book
 You'll discover how to stop feeling tired and overwhelmed
 Identify the major enemies keeping you from living your dreams and learn the secrets to defeating them
 I'll teach you my proven strategies to start attaining the levels of drive and personal success
 You're craving financial freedom emotional freedom time freedom due to high demand
 I can only offer one free book per household to get your free book while supplies last text book 10 to 99,000
 That's be okay the number 10 to 99,000 or go to motivation book calm
 Message and data reads me apply
 All right, so check this out when you text that to the number again
 I think it's phone numbers dead, but this is an older ad you text it to it all it is it took and it shot you a link to his funnel
 Okay, now the reason why this is exciting prior to Brendan doing this guess how radio ads ran you have a radio ad run
 Then you have a whole team of sales people hundreds of people that answer the calls as fast
 You can't try to order to try to sell it's like crazy
 Literally let go of a hundred plus people now. We text them a link to the funnel
 Okay, the next night after I saw some online watching infomercials because that's what nerds do
 And I'm watching infomercials and I see the supplement off and the guy's a little supplement offer instead of saying call this number to talk to a
 Sells you have to buy a supplement to text a summer to whatever I'm like what I text it boom
 She's feeling to his funnel. I was like we just took humans out of this whole sales process all together
 How magic is that and I'm like how can we use that with what we're doing?
 So we started shifting our ads to this same concept where basically it said me saying here's my free book go to
 Go to expert secret stock on they could go get a free copy
 I say here if it's Facebook. Here's my free ad or excuse my free ad here's my free book
 If you want a free copy of it message me on Facebook and
 And I'll send you a link to it
 So the message is on Facebook and now this new feature seems I click funnels here tomorrow
 It comes back says sweet you want a free copy of the book what address should I send it to?
 I type my email address and boom now I'm on Facebook and on my email list. I got on both
 Okay, so now all my ads turn into something or building both of my things as opposed to just one
 Okay, so these are some of the things we're doing that are insane
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
