 Hey, what's up, everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing secret show.
 This is a special edition that we are publishing on a weekend, just because I wanted to get some
 information out to as many people as possible. As you know, we are those who are listening to
 this in real time. We are in the middle of the coronavirus, the craziness is happening around that,
 and there's a lot of fear, a lot of things happening, and I think that a lot of people in our community
 are stressed out about like, what are we supposed to do? And, you know, how do we survive our
 businesses during this time? So, I'm actually about 15 minutes from now. I'm doing a Facebook live
 to the Fennelhacker community to kind of go over my thoughts, my plans, and hopefully help share
 the things I think will help your business to survive during times like this and to thrive.
 And so, I'm going to be posting a Facebook live here in a minute, and as soon as it gets done,
 I'm going to have my brother upload this as a special edition. So, it will be coming out over
 the weekend. Hopefully, I'll give you guys some hope, some faith, some belief, and some ideas for
 things you can do to be successful and not only survive some of the craziness that's happening,
 but also to thrive as a business. And so, that's kind of game plan. So, that's that. I'm a cute
 theme song. We come back. You guys have a chance to listen in on my Facebook live about how to
 survive during these crazy times of financial uncertainty. With that said, I hope you guys enjoy.
 Talk soon. So, the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take
 on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us
 get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable? That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is
 Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets. What I wanted to basically talk about today
 really is how to protect your company during this coronavirus during the storm. I think
 I'm definitely not by any stretch of the imagination, any kind of expert
 when it comes to coronavirus. I'm not even going to discuss that at all. I'm not talking about
 precautions. I'm not going to talk about the virus. What's happening, that all I know is I'm
 watching the economic repercussions because of this whole thing. And that's what I want to talk
 about because that's something that I have some control, not controlled. I can help with something
 I have some ideas and things that I can help you with. A lot of you guys who right now who are
 going through this, it's been interesting on social media and watching everybody. There's kind of
 two camps. There's the camp of people that are scared, that are fearful, they're prepping, they're
 doing everything right, there's this side and there's the other side of people who are like,
 "Oh, this is just scam. It's just a media hoax. It's a bunch of stuff." And regardless what you
 think it doesn't really matter, all it matters is what's happening economically. And as business owners,
 we need to be watching that and paying attention and understanding it because your survival as a
 company does depend on it. And so that's what I really want to talk about right now. In fact,
 I remember when I was first getting started in this business, it was right after one of the big
 ups and downs. I remember I bought a course, I was a few years older, from my first mentor,
 he was actually Mark Joyner, and he put on an event called Survival Tactics for Tough Times.
 And when I got the course, it was like we were in the summer time of business again,
 things were great. And I remember listening to it and hearing what they were talking about and
 just being like, "Man, I'm glad I didn't have to go through that in my business when the markets
 are scary and everything is shutting down and all sorts of stuff." But then, sure enough,
 five or six years later, is when, in 2008, is when the last big crash happened and I was in business
 during that time. And I learned a lot during that wave, the ups and the downs. I had a lot of people
 who I love, who I cared about, who had amazing successful businesses during that time,
 that are no longer in business today. And so, we were able to weather that story. I want to kind
 of talk about some of the things so that you guys are prepared so you're not walking to this blind.
 I think covering your eyes and hoping for the best is not the best idea, especially right now.
 It's to be open to understanding things. And so even if you don't understand the virus, like I don't,
 you need to understand the economic repercussions of that and what that means for you and how to
 protect yourself and your family and your business and your employees and your staff and your team
 and all the people that are in your stewardship. And so, that's kind of what this Facebook Live
 is about. Hopefully, it helps give you some ideas and give you some comfort and some hope and some
 faith in moving forward. I want to do this before the weekend because I know that this weekend is
 going to be a nervous time for a lot of people. So, if I can give anything to you guys, this is kind
 of my experience and hopefully it'll help. I'm now almost 18 years in this business now. So,
 I've almost been two decades. So, I've had a chance to be up and down the loop a couple times and
 again, definitely a couple of things that I've learned and hope I can help. So,
 that's what I've outlined here. So, I'll be reading off an outline just to make sure that I cover
 all the things. We're going to be diving into four or five different areas and hopefully,
 you guys will get value from all of them. So, the first thing I'll say is I want to give you guys
 some hope and faith. I think it's almost times where it's like things are scary and uncertain.
 You don't know what to do or what to believe or think or feel and it's weird because you look
 outside and like everything at least here seems normal. But you know that there's things happening
 that we can't see but we can start feeling and you start understanding some stuff. You know what
 I mean? And so, the first thing I wanted to help you understand is that if you look at all of the
 great is like the biggest companies today, once having the most success, the ones that have been
 around forever, most of the companies, the biggest companies world, were all started during times of
 economic downturn. Which is scary for most people because it's like, "Ah, everything's falling apart."
 But for you guys as entrepreneurs, you should be looking through that lens and be like, "Oh my gosh,
 like as scary as this is, this is where the biggest opportunities are." For me to serve people
 at a different level. And so, I wanted to kind of put that out there initially to start with because
 I think if you're looking at through that lens and your eyes are wide open, like,
 "How can I help people? What can I do?" It's going to be some amazing opportunities.
 They're going to keep old and become millionaires and billionaires and beyond, you know, during this
 time that that wouldn't have been able to happen during a normal economy. So, that's kind of one
 thing to understand. Okay. All right. So, that's first thing. The best companies have built in
 depression. Second thing I want you to understand is that, again, I'm not a virus expert. I'm not
 going to try to do, but viruses don't last. Like, they come when they go. Every single season,
 we have the flu virus. We have the thing, right? It comes up and it comes up and it goes down.
 And one thing that was super encouraging to me yesterday, some of you guys know the company,
 Sensi. They're a big candle network marketing company. And the founder of Sensi's name is
 Orville. He was in my house yesterday. And I was asking him, like, "How are you feeling about this
 whole thing?" And it was interesting because he said that most of their production comes from
 China. And so, when the virus hit in China, when crazy, everything has shut down, the factors,
 the world shut down, which is the scary thing, right? Shipping stopped happening, everything.
 He said, "Right now, everything in China on his side is back, turn back on, supply chains back on,
 things are happening." So, again, you look at like, here's the, you see the top and the bottom,
 it's like this window of like scariness. But now that they're back on the other side,
 factors are reopening, things are starting to be shipped again. And so, that made me feel comfortable
 knowing, okay, viruses come and they go, it starts, it ends. And I look at Sensi now,
 their supply chains back on, they're shipping things from China again. So, it's like, okay.
 And obviously, that's two or three months backwards. But as we're moving forward, just realizing,
 there's going to be a window where everything shut down and we got prepared for that. But if we
 survive, we last through that, it's going to be back on. Economy will be back and the opportunities
 are going to be there. So, what comes up must come down. And again, my biggest fears of this whole
 thing have nothing to do with the virus. I think there's going to be, I mean, obviously, I have
 tons of empathy for people who are struggling with that, who have had family members or themselves.
 The bigger fear for me personally is the economy. Like, what can happen because of this thing, right?
 I'm sure you guys have all seen this. Like, me and my kids and my dad are supposed to be flying out
 to the NC Wrestling Tournament next week. They canceled, determined they canceled.
 And these amazing athletes spent their entire life training for this thing. And they just,
 they lost it, right? Which is when a crew is next week, that got shut down. We canceled all
 the clip phones events over the next three months. Everyone else is canceled. Like,
 and all the people who were working these jobs now have no jobs. You know, and it's like,
 that's the scary thing. And unemployment goes up. And those are the things that like,
 you don't think about like, oh, yeah, some people say, oh, the virus is a scam, whatever. It doesn't
 matter if you believe it or not. It does not matter. What you have to understand is that because of this,
 it's, it's, there's all these other things that are happening now because of it that do have a
 direct repercussion. Even if the virus never comes in a billion miles of you, the effects of the
 economy will, in fact, oh, my job's stable. It doesn't matter because other people's jobs aren't.
 All of a sudden, if other people's jobs go down, then it makes it harder than to buy your stuff and
 things like that. And supply chain management starts, hey, there's a whole bunch of stuff just
 to be aware. So that's the bigger fear. So as you're thinking about that, then how do we,
 how do we protect ourselves as a company? How do we survive? How do we thrive during the scary
 times, right? I remember after 9/11, so how many years ago is that now? Almost 20 years ago,
 yeah, as before us married. So 20, almost 20 years ago, I remember after that happened, and some of
 you guys are young enough to remember this and some of you guys aren't, but the economy
 screech to a halt similar to like what's happening now, as it screech to a halt. And if you remember
 what the government said, they came out and said, if you, it was like patriotic to go out and buy
 stuff, like stimulate the economy, go buy things like, because we don't want the economy to shut
 down and stop and keep go buying things, go and buy things and like getting people, I remember my
 mom, she went and she bought a new kitchen table. She's like, tell us on the news, we need to go buy
 things, assuming the economy's, I'm going to do my apartment, buy a new kitchen table. And everyone's
 doing that. And the, you know, the Fed drops interest rates, all these things need to encourage
 spending to stimulate the economy so that the, what we felt wasn't as bad. And that's how they
 kind of protects us during that time. What's crazy now is like, the opposite is happening,
 we're just saying everyone, go home, shut your doors, don't come out, don't talk to people,
 you know, don't go to events, don't get it. And so like, the economy's freezing, which again is a
 scary thing. And so that's, these are just things I want you to be aware of, because I don't want
 anyone going into this weekend and next week and next month blind, be like, oh, I'm not going to
 get the virus. I don't believe in the virus. It's a scam. It's a hoax. Like, hoax, like whatever you
 believe doesn't matter, because things are, things are shifting in a way and it's going to,
 you will feel it. Everyone will feel it. So I was, anyway, there's me kind of helping you
 as I understand. Now, a couple things I want to address directly, because obviously,
 a lot of you guys run your company's off-click phones. Hopefully all of you do this point. It's
 not, what are you waiting for? No, but I'm very lucky and very fortunate to have a business partner
 who literally from like day number one, Todd Dickerson, who started like, started tracking all the
 virus stuff was very beginning in China. He started freaking out and I'm not going to lie, I teased
 them a little bit. I feel bad about it now. But because of that, he was very proactive in our
 teams of like figuring out like, what are the things we need to place? What happens if all the
 development team gets sick at once? What happens if support team goes down? What's going to happen?
 Like, and so for the last almost three months now, he's been putting in things in place to protect
 everything happening here at ClickFunnels so that software doesn't go down. So engineers have
 backup plans and backup plans. If we lose this, there's support. And so just want you guys to know
 on that side that because Todd is a genius, which he is literally the smartest person I've ever
 met on this planet, those things have been in place now for two or three months on the ClickFunnels
 side, which is amazing. Second nice thing is the fact that ClickFunnels is a distributed workforce
 is very, very important because there aren't big pockets of all employees. So there's nothing
 where one person gets sick, the whole company goes down and then ClickFunnels dies. Everyone's
 distributed for the most part. In fact, just today, we announced that there's a couple little
 offices that do have pockets of people that if they want, they can work with home. So a lot of,
 for the most part, everyone at ClickFunnels is now working remote all 400 plus employees. And so
 it's important to understand that we've been focusing on getting everything placed to protect
 any kind of economic downturn. We're a good spot there. We've distributed workforce. On top of that,
 unlike a lot of our competitors, we are highly profitable. We got really good cash flow. We have
 tons of money in the bank. All the things are in place to make sure that we weather this storm so
 that no problems happen so that we will be here for you as no matter what. Again, we have so many
 continuously plans on what happens, all these things are in place. And so you can feel
 confident, you can feel certainty knowing that we have thought through those things and have
 been now not for like the last 48 hours, but for the last three months. And so just want to give
 you guys that, certainly know that we are aware of it. We're protecting things. We're going to make
 sure that your sites, your funnels do not go down. You're able to process money during this time
 because I know for most of us, it's our livelihood. If it goes down, all sorts of assets happen. So
 we're here protecting you guys. So just wanted, you guys know on that side, the ClickFunnels is
 prepared for this. And we're prepared to keep serving you guys through anything that happens
 moving forward. Number two, now I want to shift focus to you guys. Okay, my role here, again,
 I always tell people like, I didn't know how to code software. So I'm not the coding guy, right?
 I'm the dancing monkey on stage. She's excited. And my biggest goal is to get you guys to believe
 in these things, believe in funnels, believe in yourself, believe that you have something of value
 to change the world. And so my biggest thing right now, like my job, my role here, is to
 see if you guys believe you need to keep moving forward to be successful during these crazy times,
 right? And so the first thing I want to kind of tell you guys a story. I had a meeting with our
 entire team this morning. I told this as well. But how many of you guys remember the movie "Force
 Gump"? If you remember "Force Gump," raise your hand. Say yes, "Force Gump" in the comments.
 If not, maybe go watch this weekend. But there's a scene in there where Lieutenant Dan and "Force Gump,"
 they buy a shipping boat or a ship boat. They buy a ship boat and they go out there and they're
 competing and they're just getting to stroll about the other shrimp boat, shrimp boats and they're
 losing and they're getting there, you know, they're losing their business and their business
 is doing horrible. And then one day they're out there on the boat and all some of the storms come
 and they're like, "Oh, and they're going to take the boats in and then they decide not to." And then
 there's a scene with like Lieutenant Dan and "Force" and all this boat and the storms going crazy. It's
 destroying the boat and like, but they're out there and they're cheering and hooping and hollering and
 everything's going crazy. And then and nobody else's boats are out there. And then when the storm finally
 passes, all the other boats are destroyed. All the biggest competition, all the things that were
 completely destroyed and there's one boat left there and it's the Bubba shrimp gump,
 Bubba gump shrimp boat. That's it. And because they weathered the storm and they survived it,
 then what happened? They became "Force Gump" becomes a billionaire, right? Because they're the
 only ship that's still around. And for the next six months, everyone's trying to build their ships,
 they survive it, they get all the shrimp and they become the billion dollar company.
 Okay. Obviously this is not a true story. I don't think it is. I'm pretty sure it's not.
 But the metaphor is there. Okay. They went out in the middle of the storm. Everyone was hiding in
 the boat got destroyed. They stuck through the storm. They stood up. They fought and they
 survived the storm. When the storm ended, they were the ones that are able to help and serve
 everybody and they became the billion dollar company. Okay. So the same thing right now is true for
 you guys. And when you understand that over the next, who knows if it's a month, three months,
 six months, there's gonna be some craziness. And it's gonna be insane. There's gonna be times when
 you just want to hide in a hole and just disappear. There's gonna be times where you're gonna have to
 let off some, maybe fire some of your employees or you have to get rid of people or you're gonna
 have to cut costs. You're gonna have to get rid of stuff that you thought was so important one
 time in life and you're freaking out and moving things around. And it's gonna be painful sometimes.
 But man, you've got to weather the storm. You've got to get in that boat just like force them to
 pitch yourself out there screaming with the weather and lightning and everything and just like,
 we have to weather the storm. Like it's there will be an end. Okay. Summer or spring always comes at
 the end of winter. It will happen. And we don't know if it's again a month now, two months, six
 months a year, whatever that is. But if you weather the storm, you will come out on the other side of
 it prepared and ready. And at that point, you can become a billion dollar brands like Bubble
 Gomper or whatever it is, you know, your version of that in your marketplace. It's just a big
 understanding. You got to hold strong. The virus is gonna pass. Okay. Number two, even in times of
 big economic downturns, not all businesses go under, right? You can entertainment businesses have
 tons of success. There's other things like like there's a lot of success that happens these times.
 So it's important to understand there's still money there, right? Money didn't just magically
 disappear. People are just nervous. So they're holding on to it, right? So they got their wall
 and they're like, I'm gonna hold on to my money, right? Which that slows the economy. That's what
 causes the problem. So people still have money. Your job in and everyone's job is to like,
 is to keep providing value, keep doing stuff to get money flowing. Oh, I dropped my wallet.
 But like, it's kind of like I talked about during 9/11, when, when, when everything was shutting down,
 the government said go out and buy, go buy things, go buy things, go stimulate economy, right?
 So our job, like our role as entrepreneurs to keep this entire economy working is to continue
 to do stuff, right? Don't feel good. Like, I'm not going to sell anything because I don't want to
 offend you. Like, no, like, like people need to be buying stuff. People need to be selling stuff.
 Business works, everything, like, like commerce, transaction, this thing, this is the lifeblood
 of the economy. And so it's important. So don't just like shop, shop, make like, I'm going to
 down, I'm going to come back in three months now and hopefully, you know, it's important for us to
 keep doing things. So the way to be successful, a couple of things. Number one, look at what's
 happening. People are going to be stuck at home, right? Right now, again, most of our workforce is home.
 Half of our company, their kids are now home from school, every home. And so they may get their home
 quarantined in their houses, watching TV, doing whatever, not going to school, not going to work,
 bored out of their minds. What are they going to be doing? They're going to be on their phone,
 they're going to be swiping, they're going to be bored. And so your job is to come in here.
 All these things we've been talking about for the last decade with you guys, like these concepts,
 like being an attractive character and entertaining and communication skills, like these things are
 so vital right now. Okay, your people, they're not broke, they're bored. Okay. So your job is
 coming out there, be entertained. Have fun. Like go talk to people like go, like if you've been
 scared to have to publish for the last like five years, you've been hearing Russell say,
 publish every day, finish your publish, publish, publish, you've been scared to death. Now is the
 time your people need you. Okay, they need to be entertained. They need hope, they need faith,
 they need something exciting to look forward to, or they are going to, to crumble like your job,
 your roles on career is always providing value. So now is the time to step up at a higher level
 than you've ever dreamt of before in the past and provide more value to people. Tell them more
 stories, go live, share more stuff, hope more things like the more you can inspire positivity
 during the middle of the storm, the more people are going to follow you, are going to are going
 to cling to you and they're going to be successful and they're going to owe their their happiness,
 their future to you. Okay, so it's very, very important not to to shrink and hide,
 instead do the other thing, come out and talk and provide more value. Whoever provides the most
 value during the storm is going to be the people, the brands and the companies who win.
 And so for you, whatever business you're in, this is your shot, this is your role, is to step up as
 the biggest value provider in the entire marketplace that you're in and be the most consistent and
 bring hope and bring faith to your people. If you do that, they will follow you, they will connect
 with you and you'll be able to change your lives moving forward for the next decade of their life.
 Okay, so understand that whoever provides the most value is going to win this game. Okay,
 number two, again, okay, so people are stuck at home. And number two, I talked about this,
 attractive character, like, like, they dusted off these concepts we talked about, you guys,
 like putting your personality and now is the time people need connection, right? Right now,
 people are going to be so disconnected stuck in their homes, they're craving connection,
 they will more and more so next month, two months, three months, they'll be craving connection
 in entertainment and your job is to bring that to people. Okay, so understand that. Okay, next
 thing I actually got a message like five minutes from my life and Dean Grazio Siedin is one of my
 favorite humans on this earth. The last few years I built a friendship with him that I just
 means the world to me. And I talked to Dean about this a little bit and he, you know, we both,
 I've entered one of the big economics ups and downs, he's been through it twice now. And both
 times he's thrived. And it was interesting because we're talking about this. And he said,
 well, he said the biggest, and hopefully he doesn't mind me sharing this, but he said the
 biggest thing that he found during the last up and down, if you know, Dean's story, he's, you know,
 for years, he was on infomercials every night, like 20 years. And at the time when the economy's
 at the top, there's like 50 infomercial dudes all teaching money how to make money in real estate.
 And Dean was one of 50 guys and then what happened? The economy turned 2008 hits, no one's buying
 houses and all 50s competitors disappear. And within like a three month period time, there's only one
 dude on TV and guess who that dude was? It was Dean. He was the only one that's next like five years
 he was the only one on TV, right? He's forced to go back there weather in the storm going crazy.
 How did he survive it? He told me, you guys want to hear? I got the secret is on my phone like
 two minutes ago. He said the biggest thing he found was he changed his language patterns.
 Okay, in times of the economic upturn, when things are going crazy going amazing, guess what you
 talk about? You talk about the future, you talk about aspirational things like buy my product
 because you're going to change your life like acts aspirations. He said what he did is he shifted
 his language from like aspirational, because right now in the times of economic downturn,
 whenever he's freaking out, the aspirational thing is not going to get them to pull their
 credit card out. Guess what it is? Didn't get some pull credit card out of the wallet is the
 life preserver. How is the product or service you sell instead of being an aspirational thing?
 How is it a life preserver? How is it protecting them? How is it helping them? How is it serving them?
 Okay, same product, different transition, right? In an economic upturn, I'm going to talk about
 click phones. That's the greatest way to grow your company and hit the next level, make more money,
 all those kind of things, right? But now when they shift, guess what click phones is? It's how
 to start your side hustles, how to get your home business working, how to protect yourself
 during times of economic downturn. So when your company goes under, you're still protected because
 you've got your business here on the side making you money, making you cash flow, right? So shifting
 the language patterns from aspirational into being company life preserver. So these are a little
 hinge you guys understanding, you're marketing, you're messaging, things like that. And then the
 next point I want to talk about is it's vital and important for all of us entrepreneurs to step up
 and be okay with the fact that we need to be stimulating the economy. We need to double down
 on selling our products and selling our services. Don't shrink. You've got to be out there. If we're
 not stimulating the economy, it becomes a very, very scary time. So do not feel bad. One thing I do
 want to stress, do not use the virus as a marketing hook. It's bad form. It's not okay. I would just
 put that out there. I told my team, we have a whole bunch of people on my team publishing stuff. I was
 like, do not use this as any kind of advertisement ever. I'm like, we can do an ad or non ad. We can
 send emails talking about this or we talk about how to protect yourself. But this is not this video,
 I'm not pitching something at the end of it. That's not the goal. This is 100% to protect you guys and
 helping understand stuff. But do not use it as a hook, as a bad form. You may get some customer
 short term, but it will destroy you long term. Make sure your marketing is always above board.
 Anyway, just want to kind of put that out there as well. Okay. Next thing. So,
 talking about first off, click forms preparation, how prepared we are for this
 what's happening because it's taught over the last three months. Number two, you talked about
 weathering the storm for yourself in your business. Next thing I want to talk about,
 that's protection of your business. The next thing I could talk about is just yourself personally,
 preparation for yourself. Okay. So, we've got click forms preparation,
 your company's preservation now cheers. Now I'm speaking directly to you,
 to you as the entrepreneur. As a person I've been called to serve, I feel like this is
 done my mission now for almost 20 years to help entrepreneurs to grow and just serve because
 because I love entrepreneurs. I love what you guys do. And so, I want to talk directly to you
 for a few minutes and just hopefully help you guys. So, a couple of things. I was listening to
 Joe Vitalis, I mean, I know Joe who is, I don't know him super well, but I've been,
 I've talked him a few times in the last 15 years, but someone I've always respected.
 He did Facebook Live yesterday or a couple of days ago. And he said something that got the
 wheels of my head spinning. He's talking about how, if you think about a traditional virus,
 I think like think about this in the micro state, right? Here's you as a person,
 you get a virus and what happens, right? You get the flu, like you're going to million miles
 a minute, you get the flu and what happens, you have to like sit back and you get sick, right?
 And you're not hungry, your body's like, I don't eat any food, I need to like have no food for
 this. I can heal itself. So, you lose your hunger pains, your body's sore, you lay in bed,
 you sleep like, you sleep like 20 hours a day and your body is this time to heal itself, right?
 I've heard people say before that the role of a doctor is to entertain the patient while the
 body heals itself. And that's kind of what it is, right? You get the flu and like you may go to the
 doctor and they give you a couple of things, if you go home and your body heals itself,
 you sit there, but your body forces you to stop every stop eating, stop working, stop doing
 everything. I'm going to shut you down so I have time to be silent, to prepare, to clean, and get
 everything ready. Okay? Now this is a great metaphor of what's happening in the world right now.
 Okay? The microbes, what happens are on body. Right now this is happening in the world. The
 world's going a million miles a minute. Right now there's this virus that is spreading around the
 entire world. You understand that? It's what's happening now, it's forcing everybody to do the
 same thing, to shut down, disconnect, to calm down, to listen, to be quiet, so that we can heal.
 I'm sure you guys are not oblivious to what's happening around us, but man, the world is in a
 very, very dark, evil place. It's a bad time. There are so many good things happening, but man,
 there's so much hate and fighting. I mean, we're moving to this political season and it's going to
 be a bloodbath if, you know, who knows how this will shift things, but it's going to be brutal and
 there's going to be people on both sides. And I think that this virus literally is becoming like
 a worldwide virus to get all of us to break down and to relax and to recoup and to think through
 things and just to shift. So I wanted to, I want to kind of just to stay with that.
 And one thing I've been nervous, as I keep all they've been taught thinking about this in my head,
 I keep wanting to share something with everybody and I have some nerves about it because it's
 probably going to offend a few people. So I apologize in advance. It's funny, I think if I was to be
 out here and drop the F ball, like three times, like no one would really care. But if I talk about
 God, I'm sure I'll get someone offended and they'll yell at me. But if you're offended about God,
 then you should just pause for a few seconds because I just want to talk about something that I believe
 in. You know, I think it's been interesting. It's a pattern that's happened throughout time.
 When the world turns away from God, eventually something happens that turns us back to God.
 You see some of the most wicked times in the world, then something really bad happens.
 People turn their hearts back to God. They repent. They ask for forgiveness. They pray.
 And then the world gets better again. I saw in 9/11, you know, the world is going very, very
 like a crazy time. 9/11 happens and what happens? People's hearts turn back to God. They repent.
 They ask for forgiveness. They remember Him. They pray for His help. And then it's amazing.
 We have 10 years after that of amazing times. And then the next economic thing hits and people
 lose everything. Bankruptcies, everything falls apart. People forget people get super prideful
 during these windows of prosperity. And then they forget God. Everything collapses.
 And then what happens? People turn their hearts back to God and they pray. They repent and they
 get back on track. And I think that over the last couple of years, especially people in this
 country, in this world, have forgotten God. And it's a scary, scary thing. And I think this is
 our wake-up call for all of us to turn our hearts back to God, to repent, to pray.
 Because we need Him now more than ever. And He's the only one that can fix things.
 So I just want to put that out there. As my belief, I think as someone who's got a platform to talk,
 it's important for us and for me and for you and everyone who believes to talk about that. Like,
 we can't do this on our own. This is a time and a season where we need to turn our hearts back to
 God. Remember Him? I think we need to prepare. We need to repent for the things we've done wrong
 and ask for forgiveness and get back and get graces with Him. And as we do that, our
 country will heal, our personal lives will heal, and everything else will happen as well. So,
 all right. There's the preaching session. I'm going to move on if that's okay. But I want you
 to know that because it's very important. So, all right. The last thing I want to mention here,
 so we talked about the preparation of ClickFunnels. We talked about weathering the storm. As a company,
 we talked about weathering the storm for yourself and not preparing yourself. And we talked about
 turning our hearts back to God. I think, oh, one more thing I want to add back on preparing
 your stuff, preparing yourself is you guys are going back and you're quarantining yourself.
 You're going to your house, your homes. This is a really cool time for all of us to study,
 to learn and prepare. I'm still launching the New Traffic Secrets book on Tuesday. I'm excited.
 We've got funnel flicks. The idea should be watching. There's, I think, 2,600 videos in funnel
 flicks. Spend time as we can sharpen yourself, become better, become smarter, start focusing.
 We spent a small fortune licensing all these products and putting me in funnel flicks. You
 can get some for free. So you can go and start studying and start learning and start preparing
 yourself. The better you get as a marketer, the better it's the easiest going to be to the weather,
 the storm. And I just wanted to, anyway, use the materials we give you guys, like study geek out.
 Like this is your time to prepare yourself and learn. Like there's different seasons in our life.
 And this is a season for growth for everyone too. So, all right. Okay, last couple things I got,
 providing value for your customers. I would continue to ask yourself what else can I do?
 What else can I do? How else can I provide value? We had this scary thing two days ago when we
 started talking about we had two big events, three big events, supposed to be happening in Boise this
 month for our different coaching programs, things like that. And I didn't want to cancel. I was
 scared to death. I'm like, I don't want to cancel. So we put up so much time and energy and effort.
 People got flights and hotels and we're so scared. Like, how do we, what do we do? I don't want to,
 I don't want to shut this thing down. I don't want to cancel it. And we're trying to fail. What do we,
 what do we, what should we do? And the question is like, what else can we do? How can we create more
 value? How do we create more value? That's the message. And so we spent the next 24 hours trying
 to figure out how do we make this actually a good opportunity and how do we serve people even
 higher level than we were planning before. And from that, so many good things happen. So for
 you guys as well, as you're going into the season, start thinking about like, what else can I do?
 How can I do better? How can I do it more efficiently? Like, how can I serve my customers at higher level?
 When those are the questions going through your head, man, God will give you opportunities and ideas
 and inspiration that will guide you to be able to help the people you can call to serve. I
 can understand that. Also this time right now, like a whole new economy is literally being created
 like before our eyes. It is fantastically amazing when you look at it through this lens.
 I think about right now, all these schools are getting canceled. Kids are going home
 and some schools are trying to figure out how do we do this? They're like, oh, let's get zoom. So
 buying zoom in, they're zooming their lectures into these things, right? So what's happening to
 these kids? The kids are like, why am I paying for school? I got to pay for the building and the
 teacher. I'm paying for these, like, 100 bucks for these textbooks and all this stuff. And you're
 like, man, I can spend 300 bucks and go directly to the expert and buy their course online. And
 like, I think right now, I think there's an opportunity in this shift here. Those of you guys who are
 especially people who are selling information products and things like that, courses, masterminds,
 things like that. Like this shift is going to be so big for you guys. People are going to be locked
 out of the school systems for who knows a month, six months, a year, a semester, who knows,
 and they're looking for alternative ways to learn. And they start realizing, I can learn more for
 cheaper and get better skillset because I bought a course from so and so versus going to university
 for 18 times more money without getting, you know, anything, any value out of it. It's going to open
 up huge doors for you guys. So understanding that this new economy is being built, this is the first
 thing I think that ever could disrupt the school systems because people are getting pulled out of
 them and they're going to realize really quickly, like, oh my gosh, those things were super inefficient.
 This is the new way in the A way. There's going to be opportunities to just be keeping your eyes
 open for those things. You guys, in the downturns, where opportunities are happening, it's just
 important to keep your eyes open. Like, and it's not like keep eyes open. How do I beat the system?
 How do I take advantage? There's nothing to do with that. If you look at some lens of like,
 how do I take advantage of this opportunity? You're going to struggle. Look at lens of like,
 how do I serve people during this time? That's when the opportunities will pop up. That's when
 inspirational come, you're like, oh my gosh, what if I did this? I can serve people this way.
 What if I did this? Like, that's where the biggest insights are going to be happening. So when you
 guys understand that, as keeping your eyes open during this time and looking for ways to serve,
 as you do that, the ideas, the opportunities, all the things will come to you if you're looking
 at through with that lens. Okay. I think I covered most of the things I wanted to do.
 Oh, I think the last, the last thing is, again, I'm not an expert on the virus or on
 any of these things, but I would just make sure for all of you guys that your family's prepared,
 make sure you guys have water, make sure you have food for the next couple of days.
 Everyone's buying toilet paper and freaking out, but there are other things more important.
 Like I would make sure you got food and water. Anyway, I just kind of throw that out there.
 Like, what would happen if you lost, like you lost the ability to leave your house for seven days
 because you survived a week? If not, I would make sure this weekend that you prepare yourself
 that you could survive at least a week in your house. So I would just, I would just put that out
 there as a thought to think through. And oh, I have an easy solution for the toilet paper shortage.
 Travel bidets are 15 bucks on eBay. It's a little handheld travel bidet.
 Way better, way more efficient toilet paper, 15 bucks and you will be clean and your entire family
 for forever. So there you go. There's a gift. There's the secret of the whole. That's why you
 just came for this presentation to learn about the travel bidets on Amazon. Anyway, all right.
 Okay, I'm going to wrap this. You guys, I just want to end by saying thank you so much for being
 part of our community. Thank you for trusting ClickFunnels. Thank you for trusting me. We do not
 take your trust, your responsibility, your attention lightly. I'm grateful to have this platform to
 be able to share with you guys. I think right now the world's looking for leaders and I'm trying my
 best to stand up and serve the way that I feel comfortable, the way that I feel led. I want you
 guys do the same thing as well. Feel comfortable talking to your audience about the things you're
 passionate about, things that are important because if we're going to change the world, we have to
 be willing to do that. I want to understand that we here at ClickFunnels care about you. It's not
 just a company for us. Like we, I mean, for the last four or five years, we've told people,
 "Oh, more like this, this is so much more than just like a job or business for most of us."
 It's a calling and it's a spiritual calling. I definitely feel that way. I feel like we're being
 led in so many different directions. When we get stuck and I don't know what to do, we pray and
 the way is lit up and we go that direction and we're trying to listen and prepare the best we can.
 And I want you guys to understand how much we care about you guys. We talk about you. We make
 decisions with your best interests at heart. There are people, it's funny, someday I hope
 all of you guys have a chance to run a company like this because we get so many naysayers,
 people complaining and Facebook about this or that and things. Sometimes I see it and I'm like,
 "If you realize how much we sacrifice and we bleed to give you access to these things,
 but it's tough and then we can't keep everybody happy, but we are doing our best. We care about
 you. We care about your success. The decisions we make, the things we're doing aren't out of
 greed for ourselves. I don't need any more money. That's not why we're, I think the most part
 in our way, anybody who's running ClickFunnels is here. We're all here. I wish you get
 all sitting on our team meetings. It's amazing to have a core group of leaders who care as much as
 they do about the customers where all of our questions and all of our thoughts and all of our
 meetings are like, "How do we serve what else can we do? How do we make this each people? How
 make it better?" It's hard. It's a big ship. It's a lot of work. I don't think any of us on our
 side thought five years ago that it would turn into a company like they say with 100,000 users and
 500 plus employees around the world make all the craziness and we're doing the best we can in our
 stewardship to do what we feel is best and trying our best to listen closely to inspiration and do
 the things that we're supposed to do to help serve you guys and we will totally mess up along the way.
 You guys have seen me mess up so many times but we're trying our best and we're not going anywhere.
 My goal, my plan is I want this to be a company in the year from now. I'm forced
 dump right now with the tenant Dan and we're all hanging out on the ship and we're we're
 weather in the storm with you guys and when it comes out of the other side we're going to get
 stronger. The people, the ships that got destroyed, we're going to buy them up. We're going to bring
 their crews on to ours and we're going to take this company to the next level and keep growing and
 keep progressing so we can serve you guys at level that no one's ever done before in this market.
 We've been trying to do so far this point. I think we've done a pretty good job but we're going to
 keep amping it up and going to the next level. So I'm excited. I think this next year is going to
 be a little crazy but I think that for most of us who weather the storm on the other side of it
 it's going to be an amazing opportunity of growth, of change. The people's lives will be
 affected. We'll be so much more than we ever even dreamt of at this point and we're just grateful.
 I am so grateful. You have no idea how meaningful it is to me to be able to have this opportunity
 to be able to serve you guys as an audience. It has been an honor that I've enjoyed thoroughly
 throughout this entire thing. It's given my life purpose and meaning and I'm just grateful for all
 of you guys. So just know that that we care. We're here. We're doing our best to support you guys
 every way we can. We'll continue to do that. If there's stuff we can do please let us know. We
 do hear you. Sometimes we can't do everything. Most of them can't do everything that everyone
 asked for but we're trying our best to do things in the most central and have the biggest impact
 for the most amount of people. Anyway, I appreciate you guys. Thank you so much for everything.
 Anyway, I'll be reading comments today. Feel free to go down and drop any comments. If you want
 me to hear, I'd love to read them tonight when I jump offline and spend some time with my kids.
 If you have any questions, comments, concerns. We just want to, yeah, state anything down below.
 Please do. And this is the time you guys. This is the season. It's going to be crazy. Buckle up.
 Prepare yourselves. Get ready. But yeah, like I said, it's exciting times as well. All the
 biggest companies in the world were built during times of economic downturn. And so right now is
 your shot. You have a chance right now to step up to play and do something amazing that most
 people will never have this opportunity again. And now is the time. So anyway, appreciate you guys.
 Have some fun with it. Remember, be be sensitive to people around you who have fear
 like, I don't think it's okay. I don't think it's important to be fearful, but it's important
 to have empty feels who are fearful. And your job is bring hope, bring belief, bring faith of like,
 of a, you know, it's nighttime. It's almost midnight. It's going to be morning soon. You know,
 it's winter. It's going to be, it's going to be spring soon. Like the cycles always repeat
 themselves, you know, after night always comes morning and we're in the middle night right now.
 We don't know how long it's going to be, but the morning will come and so it's just prepare ourselves
 for that and serve our faces off until we get there. And that's our job. That's what we're going to
 try to do. And I will try to lead the best I can, the best of my abilities. And I hope you guys
 are able to model and use some of these ideas and things we're doing for your businesses as well.
 All right. Thank you guys. With that said, I'm going to go home, play with my wife and my kids
 for the weekend. I'm going to hug them close. And then we'll get back on Monday. We're in prepare
 and then Tuesdays, the Trappes Secret was book launched. So hopefully Tuesday, all you guys will
 buy a copy of the book. I'm so excited. It's been so much work, so much effort getting in here.
 And I'm excited to finally start sharing with you guys. So all right, that's it. I'm going to
 announce. Appreciate you guys. Thank you so much. And we will talk to you guys all again soon. Bye, everybody.
