 What's up everybody welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I hope you enjoyed our last episode
 Which was day number one of the five-day lead challenge today?
 We are moving into day number two and again. This is recording from a live event. I did
 That you can go and get the actual videos if you want to see them
 You can download the one-pagers and get the homework assignments all those things for free
 Are you do is go to five day lead challenge calm you can get those things, but I'm gonna play day number two for you right now
 And day number two is all about creating your lead magnet
 What is the thing you can create and get people to you know come from Facebook or Google or YouTuber Instagram or wherever and actually give you their email address and the better
 Your lead magnet is your lead magnet is the more people will give you that you know address
 So we're talking about how to create good lead magnets what they look like and then I might actually gonna be talking about
 One of my favorite software tools
 Second only to click funnels and it's called one pager one pagers how I create most of my lead magnets as you guys have probably seen
 So again
 There'll be parts of this that I'll be demoing stuff on a screen that you won't be able to see here on the the audio
 Podcast but you want to go see the video version and get the one-pager and homework assignments and things like that again
 All you gotta do is go to five day lead challenge calm so that said hope you guys enjoy day number two creating your lead magnet
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Welcome back to day number two of the five-day lead challenge are you guys half as excited as I am?
 I'm not gonna lie. I have all the five days
 This is the one that I've been looking forward to the most the teaching the coaching and walking guys through
 This is one. It's gonna be so much fun. And so I'm pumped to see all you guys. Thank you so much for hanging out with us today
 Hopefully you all had a chance yesterday watch day number one day number one the goal of that was kind of give you guys a broad overview of
 This is what the process is what the system is what the frameworks look like and today
 We actually get to get our hands dirty and start building something which is exciting
 And so I'm pumped to be here with you guys. Thank you so much for hanging out with us
 Thank you for everyone who's been sharing these videos
 I think before we pulled up there's like almost 300 people have shared the videos already on social this live
 So thank you for sharing it
 You know anybody else you should be here
 Please tag them in the comments down below and that we can get more people coming to hanging out for this
 Like I told you yesterday over 35,000 you guys registered to be part of this
 We had over 11,000 people on live yesterday between zoom and Facebook and YouTube
 And then over 9,000 you guys watch the replays. So this is amazing
 This is like such a huge honor for me. So today is the day like I said though
 I'm most excited for today
 We're gonna be going into actually creating your lead magnet
 Your your one pager and it's gonna be a lot of fun
 But before I get too deep into that I spent time yesterday looking through all of the tens of thousands of comments and questions
 I also talked to a lot of you guys who who we're on who had questions and stuff like that
 So I want to do a couple of a couple of things just kind of help make sure that we're bridging this gap before I dive deep
 Into the fun stuff I've got prepared for you guys today's that sound good. Okay, so the first thing I wanted to do
 A lot of people especially people who are kind of different types of businesses were asking me that like well
 How does this work Russell like like I understand I need leads for my business
 You talked about an email list you build a big list you can send emails to a bike
 How does this work for my specific business?
 And so I wrote down a couple of different ones
 I wanted to kind of give some case studies and examples for okay
 So first of all I talk about this is for like a traditional a traditional business, right?
 It's like a brick and mortal brick and mortar
 Company so I got a couple good examples of this one of them one of my friends actually told me this story
 He lives down in Florida
 And he is a guy who is like me built big email lists and stuff and one night he went to order pizza
 And this is pre-covid stuff
 So you can still go and hang out and eat with people and he goes with pizza place and he sits down
 He's waiting for the pizza guy to bring him to finish cooking his pizza and give it to him
 And it's the local shops. It's not like a big chain
 It's just like a local dude. He's got a pizza shop and having a lot of fun
 And he starts asking my buddy like so what do you do for a living?
 He's like oh, I'm an internet nerd and this is what I do and the guy's like well
 How would this how do you do work for me? I don't understand I'm a pizza place
 How like how would I use the internet? How how does this actually work for me?
 And so my friend came back to him said okay, well, let's do an experiment
 He said right now, how are you getting leads? How do you getting people coming into the store?
 And he said we're in a word of mouth. We've got a yellow page ad we're in some newspaper ads
 And they had some things they were they were using to drive leads in and he said okay
 What I want you to do for the next 30 days is going to do an experiment
 Okay, so next 30 days when people come into your store is like I want to give you I want you to give them a lead magnet
 He's like what's a lead magnet? He said well in your case, okay a lead magnet for your for your pizza place is gives
 So give people say if you give me your email address, I'm gonna give you a free topping
 I'm gonna give you free drink or something's like find something you can give them in exchange for their contact information
 And guys like okay, what I'm gonna do with these they just right now for 30 days
 Just get there and contact information. I'll come back in 30 days
 I'll show you step two in the plant so guys like all right
 So we put up a little sign that said give me your email address put your business card in here
 And you give you a free I can't refer you topping or something
 It's the guy did that for 30 days at the end of 30 days my friend came back to his place and the time he had
 600 email addresses his guide collected in the last 30 days and my
 My friends okay now I'm gonna show you the next step in this process these these people came in these are all leads, right?
 But these leads we're gonna put them into an email list okay, we got 600 leads
 So he took him he went and he sent him into an email list and we'll talk about how to do this
 Actually on day number four
 But he uploaded all these leads to an email list and he said it one way to do is every single day at four o'clock
 Right when people are still working they're beginning ready to think like what's my dinner plan?
 I think I want you send them an email and all the email is gonna say is hey
 It's four o'clock and a lot of you guys are thinking about what's good you're gonna have for dinner
 If you want I can have a pizza ready for you the next hour just just call this number right here
 And and I will have your pizza ready you can come drive by and pick it up on your way home
 Okay, so that's what he told me said every single day four o'clock send out the same email
 You can tweak it if you want but just regardless send out the same email every single day
 Okay, so the guys like okay, I'm gonna do that and then my friend said I want to test something though
 He's like I need you to set two phone numbers
 I'm gonna show you like how much more valuable this is and all the other advertising you're doing the guy said okay
 So we had all the other advertising would go to one phone number right so the yellow page is the radio ads the newspaper
 Everything would go to one phone number okay, then the email list went to a separate phone number
 Okay, so I want you to track over the next 30 days every day is another email
 And then I want you to see how many lead or how many customers came in from your email list
 Versus all the other types of advertising you're doing okay, so they're okay
 So we did that and he starts sending email once every single day every single at four o'clock send the same email
 Send the same email guy didn't even edit the email
 He's like copy and paste it every single day and after 30 days my friend came back and said okay
 What are the stats and I said it's crazy. He said my company has been so busy
 He's like my best customers. He's coming back. You know a lot before they come once or twice a quarter now
 They're coming back once or twice a week to buy for me because I'm putting these messages out in front of them
 He said I did the math he said right now for every one phone call
 I'm getting from all my other advertising efforts. I'm getting four phone calls for my email list and that's the power of it
 Okay, so that's how it works for traditional local business
 I did another friend who runs a gym right and he was actually my trainer for a couple years
 And we were hanging out and we were lifting weights and he was telling me how to do stuff
 And he's like so how would your internet stuff work for something like me?
 I've got a gym. I was like, you know, and he was like all good like you might have my Facebook ads
 How is it gonna work? I'm like well you can do that, but let's go with the low-hanging fruit
 I'm like do you have a list? He's like what's a list? I'm like, okay. Do you have any leads? He's like
 Kind of not really I said okay. Well, do you have dead files? He's like what's a dead file?
 I'm like a dead file so we came into your business at one point, right?
 And then you have their contact information they've trained with you they didn't and they left but you have their contact information
 Email, right? He's like, oh, yeah, I've got tons of a whole filing cabinet full of those
 I said okay this weekend or you to grab all those okay and put on put them all in excels you like the name and email
 I just all the people and on Monday. I'm gonna show you guys a magic trick. I'm gonna show you magic trick
 He's like, okay, so that weekend he went through his dead files
 He put everyone's name email in the list he came back and on Monday
 I was like how many do you have he said I had a little over 300 people I said, okay, let me show you a magic trick
 I'm gonna fill up your gym completely off nothing, but your dead files. He's like how does that work?
 I said watch this I took his 300 names we put him an email list and I sent the email to that list
 I said I said something it was towards the new year. I said I think the subject line
 I tried to get it
 He wouldn't let me do this but subject line was are you fat again question mark is like I think it's gonna fen some people
 I'm like, okay, but we wrote an email basic saying hey one time you came in the gym
 We're no longer here right now. We got a special offer where you come in I can do a free training session and blah blah blah blah
 He sent the email to just the dead files, right? The 300 some people who come at one point from that
 He got 60 new clients to call him on the phone coming to do a session and completely filled up his gym
 And I came back to him like a two or three weeks later. I was like hey great for step two
 He's like no, he's like my gym's filled. There's nothing else like like all my sessions are filled
 I can't do anything else okay all from just an email list
 Can we understand like this is this is the power of your traditional business how these email lists work, okay?
 Oh, I was gonna just to get the wheels you had spinning cuz everyone's like oh, I don't want a pizza place Russell or I don't run
 I don't run a gym okay, this works in any business
 Okay, we had a girl that used to live bias and I think she was 14 and 15 years old and she was a babysitter
 Okay, and I don't know about you guys but for me
 It's like every weekend it's like all I'm gonna do is my wife and they need to call a babysitter and like all these things
 It's like so frustrating so we found this one babysitter. She was awesome
 Okay, but the problem was she was in high demand so like and I didn't know why at the time
 It was like we'd get her one time and it would be hard to get her back and forth and one day when she started doing it was crazy
 Every Friday about noon we would get a text message
 Okay, and this text message went out to us and probably 10 or 15 other families who she used who babysit and she would text
 She's me. She's like hey, this is so-and-so
 Excuse me said I'm open to babysit tonight and tomorrow night
 If you're interested text me back first come first serve and I get that text every Friday and like noon and soon they came
 I'm like oh and I try to reserve my time
 Okay, and she was booked up every Friday every Saturday
 She had babysitting lined up every single week for the first like it was insane because she had this list of five or six families
 10 families whatever it was that she babysat for and every week she sent the message out
 Reminding them like hey, I can babysit tonight, right? Oh, thank heavens. I don't know
 I call a babysitter I can like this is great and like that fast she filled up her her schedule just from her tiny email list of
 Like 15 20 people okay, so that's kind of how this process works
 Oh, I'm gonna show you guys an example. Okay another one a lot of people like well, I'm a network marketer
 I'm a network marketer. How this work? How does this work for me?
 Okay, so network marketers a lot of times people in network marketing are affiliate marketing like this doesn't work
 I don't have my own product Russell. I don't have my own frameworks. I don't have these things
 And I'm not sure you guys about frameworks a lot today, but just think for example
 Let's just say one of the network marketing companies. I'm really familiar with this proven
 I do a lot of work with those guys and proven as a product that helps people get their body in ketosis
 So it's like what if let's say that that's your product. That's the result that your company offers right?
 so like what if you went and
 And created a lead magnet that's gonna show like here's my my number one recipe and how to get your
 My number one keto recipe or here's 12 ways to get in keto fast or whatever you make a lead magnet like that, right?
 And you start driving a little traffic
 I'm gonna show you guys here and you get a list of 10 50 100 people 500 people who are all downloaded your one-pager your lead magnet
 About how to get your body in ketosis or whatever it is right
 And now if the product you sell is the something that's related to getting people in ketosis now
 You can send emails that listen say hey, we have a special promotion happening
 Hey, we have a sample going on
 Hey, we have this thing and you send emails list to get people excited. Okay, this works in any company
 I think about doTERRA is another company right doTERRA essential oils. What if I made a one-page or lead magnet?
 It's like hey
 Here's six essential oils to help build up your immunity during COVID-19 right that becomes a lead magga send out
 People start opting in and building this list of people who are learning at essential oils
 Okay, now I've got a list of my dream customers now you send emails give them a sign up and become a distributor underneath me
 Okay, see how this works like there's so many use cases in so many ways and again you'll see more ways to here in a minute
 e-commerce, okay, let's say you're an e-commerce and you're like, hey, I'm an e-commerce Russell
 I don't understand this whole list building thing. Okay, let's just say let's pick your e-commerce
 Let's say you are selling camping stuff, right? So let's say
 E-com and your your market is camping, right? So let's say okay. I sell camping gear. I sell tents. I sell
 I don't know what
 Mess kits I sell camping so I don't even know what camping people do I'm not a camper
 But listen I've got a lot of camping e-com store
 Okay, what if I make a lead magnet that's like hey the six best places in the United States to go camping or the five things
 You must have to be able to go camping and create sleep magnet talking about camping stuff my dream customers people interested in camping by that or
 Excuse me opt in to give me the email address
 I build a list of a thousand two thousand five thousand people interested in camping and now I sent emails like oh by the way
 Have you seen the money camping thing? Have you seen this have you seen this and you can sell them the products in your store?
 Okay, so again, it works for every business
 You just kind of think a little bit about how to how to bridge that gap for yourself
 Okay, so hopefully some of those examples will get the wheels in your head spinning
 I just wanted to start that way cuz I know some of you guys a lot of people were like this is awesome Russell
 It's not gonna work for my specific business. It works for every business
 I promise you that okay if your business needs leads it'll work for it
 You just got to think outside the box like what is the lead magnet?
 I have it's gonna get my dream customers to come to me okay
 So that's the first thing I want to share to kind of bridge the gap
 Okay, now with that we start diving into the frameworks. I want to share with you guys today
 Are you guys ready for this? We're gonna go. I think I got three frameworks. I'm gonna go deep into
 I'm excited to share with you guys. I think
 Anyway, I think you're in love so the first thing I want to start with I kind of touched upon this yesterday
 But I want to go a lot deeper in it. Okay, so every single business. Okay, what business you're in
 The first thing you have to ask yourself step number one. So I just figure out
 who
 Who is your dream customer? Who is the person that you've been called to serve?
 Okay, a lot of people like all businesses business like no no businesses are all about serving certain group of clients
 Okay, my business. I'm obsessed with helping entrepreneurs. Okay, so my dream clients entrepreneurs people are starting a business people who want to change the world
 That's my dream client. I have a very clear picture of who that person is
 Okay, so my first question for you is who is your dream client?
 Not like who's the random person who sees your ad and comes into the door, right?
 Who is your dream client?
 Who is the person that if you could work with them all day long you do it for free because you love that person so much?
 Right, that's what you got to be thinking through
 Who is your dream client?
 That's the first step in here and you have to become crystal clear on who that person is if you don't know who they are
 It gets really hard to attract them, right?
 Okay, if I'm like, oh, I'm just trying to get customers
 I don't know okay if you do that you're gonna attract random people off the street
 But if you know exactly who you are looking for it gets really easy to to attract that person
 Okay, and I could go on for days in fact if you read the dot-com secrets book the very first section
 I talk a lot about it's like who's your dream customer?
 You got to figure out who that person is okay, so that's the first step
 Who's my dream customer okay the second thing you have to understand is that every business is in the job
 I don't care what business you're in your goal is to figure out who your dream customer and then get that person a certain result
 Right it. That's the goal. Okay, so I had an idea who who is okay and the second question is okay
 Here's this big journey. They're going on up the mountain and the second thing is what is the result?
 That I am getting for them
 Okay
 Now in most businesses there's a lot of different types of results right now
 I think like what's what's a certain result that you can get for your dream customer?
 Okay, so think about it's like let's say you're dentist right so my dream client are people in my local area who want straight teeth
 Right, that's my dream client. Okay. What's the result I get for them? I help them get straight clean white beautiful teeth
 That's the result I get somebody right okay if you are a masseuse who's your dream client is somebody who's trying to get in good shape
 right someone who's who's trying to get to the light there
 Their body and shape of things like that right there's your dream client. What's the result you're getting for them?
 I'm getting out of pain helping them to be more relaxed and help me do whatever the thing is right
 There's a result I have for them if you are any business right like for example right now
 Before I started this whole five-day challenge my question was who are my dream clients?
 My dream clients people are trying to figure out how in the world to get leads for their business
 Okay, what's the result I want to get people I want to show them exactly how to build out a lead magnet
 Squeeze page funnel and drive traffic so they can start getting leads like that's the result
 I wanted to get people when they start on this path right
 So for you those are two first questions who's your dream client?
 What is the major result you're trying to get for them?
 Okay, and now you stop for a second say okay, that's the major result I want to try to get for somebody
 So then the question is what is the step-by-step process to get them the result?
 Okay, you've been on this path before you've already gotten this result
 Okay, if you haven't gotten this result, you're not in the business of getting people that result right
 That way if you if you haven't achieved the thing you're trying to promise people you're gonna help with you shouldn't be in that business right?
 Okay, so if you're if you're trying to help something that result means you've already gotten that result for yourself
 So the question that is well, what were the steps for you to get a result?
 What was the first thing you had to do to get towards that result? What was the second thing you did?
 What was the third thing you did? What was the fourth thing you did? What was the fifth thing you got?
 What were all the steps you did to get that result?
 Okay, so think for a second. What were the things? Okay with five-day lead challenge guess my results were from number one
 I had to create lead magnet right number two after I could lead mad create lead funnel
 I've been lead funnel I'd create an email sequence to build a relationship with the list
 I thought I'd launch my funnel to get traffic coming in right and then so I had these were the steps
 I had to do to get leads into my business. So before I do this whole tray I said I was like what's the framework?
 I need to teach people what are the step-by-step process that I had to show people to do to get the same result that I got
 Okay, so I take those step-by-step things and I create what I call a framework
 Okay, and a framework is just the step-by-step process
 Okay in frameworks they step in one you do this seven number two you do this step three four five six and like
 I walk some people through the actual framework, okay?
 You call the frame we call the recipe like this is the recipe right if I'm the result to make a cake
 What's the first step making cake? What's the second? What's the third? What's the fourth?
 It's not difficult to make a cake when you've got the recipe your job as a business is to help people
 You're basically you're creating a recipe to get your dream customer a certain result
 That's all it is every business. I don't care what business you're in you offer people result
 And you have some kind of frameworks a kind of proprietary framework or recipe or process or something you take somebody through to get the result
 That framework that that that process is what I'm gonna call it your framework
 Yeah, I call them a framework, but it's a framework is step-by-step process
 This is the thing that becomes your lead magnet. I'll go deeper because people like well what I do a lot of results
 What's the right one? I'll show you guys that here in a few minutes, but this is the first key is the framework, okay?
 As I do in notes here today, I was I was mapping out some businesses
 I wanted to to share examples for anyone, you know because again people always like how does this work for my specific business?
 Okay, so here's a framework
 Let's just say you're dentist right your dentist your dream client is somebody who's trying to get straight right teeth
 That's the result they want. What's step-by-step process step number one?
 You got to brush your teeth every twice a day right morning night step number two you got a floss
 So number three you gotta use mouthwash it for you got to use teeth liner
 So from five you come to dentist that number six and you have a step-by-step process to get in that result, right?
 So if you're dentist, that's the framework that becomes the lead magnet to get somebody to come in okay, let's say
 Let's say you are selling a ketogenic diet or your network marketing program that sells ketogenic thing
 Okay, so let's say your dream clients people trying to lose weight you lost weight
 How'd you do it? Here's a step-by-step process?
 I'll use lose weight on the keto diet or the paleo diet or the whatever you're seeing is right?
 Here's my step-by-step process that becomes the framework now that you're gonna share with people, okay?
 Oh, I was gonna show you some examples. So some of the products I've created throughout the years
 My very first product ever craze me has heard about this one was my how to make potato gun, okay?
 All this was was me say who's my dream clients? Someone who wants to make potato gun, right?
 What's the result? I'm gonna use our own potato gun how to make potato gun. What's a step-by-step process?
 Step number one you got to go to Home Depot and buy the pipes step number two
 You got to cut the pipes this like step number three you got to get the glue
 Step number four and basically I wrote right here's the framework of step-by-step process to create a potato gun
 I sat there with a video camera and I recorded myself teaching step one two three four
 But this was just a framework of how I create how I made a potato gun, right?
 That's that's it and I became a product like it then sell where I can use as a lead magnet
 I can use it for a coaching program
 Whatever it is, but this framework is a step-by-step process to get a certain result, okay? There's a result
 Let's see if you've read a my books, right?
 All my books these things like dot-com secrets are all the frameworks of all the sales funnels
 Yeah, how to build sales funnels expert secrets is the frameworks on how you tell the stories to convert people inside your funnels traffic secrets
 All my frameworks to get traffic, right?
 You look at one of my books network marketing secrets
 These are all my frameworks if I dream clients a network marketer
 The result is how to use funnels to get leads for network marketing this book was my step-by-step framework to be able to do that, right?
 30 days this is one of our products called 30 days dot-com and what I did is I interviewed 30 people and I asked them this question
 It's okay
 Let's say you're going to a brand new complete newbie somebody didn't know anything right?
 So there's my who and their goal is how do I build a business in 30 days using nothing but click phones?
 What would I do and I have 30 people write a chapter saying okay?
 This is I would do my step would be step one two three four and this is the process
 I would go through to get that result
 I have 30 different people each write a chapter in here
 Tell me what their step-by-step result would be to help somebody who's brand new did launch a funnel inside a click for
 Oh some 30 days, okay
 I took all these put them into a book and came a product
 But I could take one chapter out of this and that chapter could be league magnet, right?
 Like let me show you how Liz Benny her 30-day plan to go from from beginner to start how work give me your email address
 I'm gonna give you Liz Benny's plan, right?
 I think one of those out in that framework is something that could become a league magnet, okay?
 Alright, so that's kind of what that's that's what a framework is that makes sense you guys and so all you guys have frameworks
 Every single is has a framework and so I want you start thinking today. What what are your frameworks?
 What could your frameworks be okay?
 Because everyone's everyone's got them
 So I'm gonna start thinking through that okay
 And I'm gonna show you guys in a minute how to pick the right framework because my guess is you have more than one
 Right most of us have more than one result you can get somebody okay
 But the key there is you're creating a framework now one thing that I'm excited for for today
 You guys learn about in your homework is how do you make that framework tangible right a lot of us have a framework?
 Oh, yeah, I have a process. How do I turn that into a lead magnet? How do I make it a tangible thing?
 Okay, how many years yesterday downloaded the one pager I gave you?
 Okay, the one pager is my new favorite tool as you can tell I'm obsessed with every day of this challenge
 You are getting a one pager and then I'm doing your bonus one this weekend
 I created to okay the one page or literally all it is is it's taking this framework you created and it's making it tangible
 Okay, it's tangible
 Where somebody can actually take it they can give you the email just you can just give them something
 Okay, so one pager is a way to take your framework and then turn it into something you can give people okay
 And and again your homework summit tonight is we're gonna have a chance to actually take your framework
 And you're gonna build out one pager so once it's done you got this amazing one pager here where it's got your your entire framework built out
 Okay, like I said you guys got one yes
 You know one of my one pagers yesterday is an example
 I'm gonna give you another one today. You'll see this example of an actual framework in fact can you can
 Back in the house cases pull up the the homework the framework for today
 Okay, so this is the this is the framework
 I'm gonna be giving you guys tonight for your homework and I'm not gonna go through it now
 But if you scroll down really really quickly this is basically taking day to his framework the step-by-step process
 And it's all in here right so I took my framework and I made it tangible by turning it to one pager now
 I'm gonna give all you guys so my goal for you guys the same kind of thing is we're gonna take you take this framework
 You're creating we're make it tangible
 I turn it into a one pager then you can give somebody when they give you the email address, okay?
 okay
 All right
 one other thing oh
 Yeah, one other thing as well as well while we're talking about frameworks
 This is happening more than I think most of you guys realize more than I realize
 And it's what you guys to to see it if you watch the way that I teach the way the products
 I sell the things I'm doing all the time. They're always frameworks, right?
 Everything I'm doing is a framework in doc. Um seekers was probably 30 different frameworks
 I shared expert seekers was probably 22 different framers traffic secrets like 40 framers
 I've there's just different frameworks on teaching people right and they're all in there
 and
 I'm you know this is right here
 This is the manual for unleash the power thin so this is interesting so 10 years ago
 I went to unleash the power within Tony Robbins event
 I should try 12 years ago now first time a man in person was at this event
 It was really really cool and as I went through this four-day event
 I remember just being blown away. I was like this is the most amazing thing in the world
 Like I don't know how Tony does this how does he go stays for 50 hours straight without any notes and teach all this kind of stuff
 And like has these trans these things where he's transforming those lives like it was just the most amazing thing
 Okay, I felt like almost like the Wizard of Oz like how is he doing this?
 I have no idea how he's how he's making this whole thing happen, right?
 It was just it was so cool to see
 And so that was kind of the the thing and then 10 years later
 So 12 years later
 UPw and virtual right and so one of my kids through experiences so we signed up my wife my kids
 We all did together
 We got the workbooks and we sat down and Tony got on stage virtual stage day number one
 He started teaching and as he was teaching
 Really quickly I was looking at this whole this whole his whole teaching through a different lens
 Then I typically did right in the past like 10 12 years ago first time into UPw
 I was just like this is amazing. I don't really see what happening
 Okay, now 12 years later. I've had enough experience
 I was like I want to I want to study not so much what he's teaching but how he's teaching well like what's his process like
 How does this actually work and day when he started teaching and also he he started teaching and he broke out his very first framework
 He started teaching his very first framework. There was a result
 He was trying to teach us and he walked us through his first framework
 I was like interesting so I did I open up my open my notebook and the very first page here
 I wrote down the framework the framework was called three levels of mastery
 Okay, the result that Tony was trying to get everybody UPw's let me show you how to master something how to gain mastery
 He said there's three steps to it step number one is this step number two is this and step number three is this
 He spent like 45 minutes teaching three levels of mastery and I was like cool
 And then it also he went to the next framework. He's okay next framework
 He didn't say this way
 He's okay next thing is the three mandates of leadership. I'm gonna teach you guys the result how to become a leader
 He said there's three mandates of leadership step number one is this step to this step three is this and went on
 I wrote down that said there's a second framework
 He taught three minutes of leadership and also Tony went from there to next week
 So okay, I'm teaching you guys my success cycle boom the result how to be successful
 Okay, here's the step-by-step process for the for the success cycle and anyone on the next one
 It was the three decisions that changed your life. You said here's the result. I'm gonna show you guys how to change life
 Here's the three decisions boom boom boom. Okay, then he went the three patterns of focus the meaning right how to change the meaning in your life
 Okay, how to change your meaning change a meaning change life. Here's the three the three patterns of focus
 Okay, and then the two primary fears you're struggling. You have these fears
 Here's the two primary fears how to break them number three the three ways to go business boom boom boom the two ways to master skills
 The three forces of creation the three chunks of practical psychology the three things the cause suffering the tribe the three molders
 The meaning and then the six human needs and I watched and I was day one one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
 Thirteen so day number one a UPW twenty went through thirteen different frameworks
 This is how 20 is able to get up and speak for 50 hours without notes. He's like I have my frameworks
 I know what they are and I'm just gonna go through them in order step number one
 I'm gonna teach you guys the three levels of mastery so number two the three man is leadership
 So number three the success cycle on on on on and boom that was the number one EPW
 The number two he had a whole another set of frameworks number three a whole other set of frameworks and number four a whole other set
 Okay, all of you guys have frameworks to do the thing that you do you said know what it was right first time
 We watched when he speak I'm so mesmerized very if you understand and all of a sudden the second time
 I was like I felt like it was like the Wizard of Oz like I saw the guy behind the curtain like oh
 He's just he's got a whole bunch of frameworks that are amazing and he's teaching him like that's the secret right
 Why do you guys like no I clean people see like no you don't okay?
 You went to dental school and somebody taught you a result
 Right you learn the skill set and you came back and now you follow the step-by-step framework to get people's heat clean
 Or you're an orthodontist and you know how to get people the results like if people see straight
 That's what I do no no all you did you went to college you learned a framework you came back and now you apply that framework to get people see straight
 Every business you're in us all it is right. Okay, you have a dream customer. They want to result
 You know how to give them that result you went through the process you paid the price at one point
 You need it through school or to learn for somewhere somehow you learn that thing and now you're helping through the process
 That's it. That's the game you guys
 You have to understand that you have these frameworks
 Okay, and so that is the key to building a lead magnet is the key to creating products is to create a creating services
 Create a key to creating everything is understanding that you have frameworks and start looking for them
 Okay, so I want to show you that cuz I want you to see like that's that's what everyone's doing
 That's what I'm doing. That's what Tony's doing. We have our frameworks we teach him we show them
 Again some of my frameworks come in training like this. So my frameworks come I take my frameworks
 I develop them to software guys some people create frameworks then turn those frameworks into supplements
 Here's a supplements to take to get the result I want some people doing the coaching's we do the consulting's if you'll do it
 Actual physical products like every single business is that right? Think about a restaurant. What's the result in the restaurant?
 Right my dream client somebody's hungry. I'm gonna feed them his food. They're gonna feel happy
 What's the step-by-step process they come in we feed him this we do this we take it and here's the process we go through
 Okay, so all you guys have frameworks the value you have is your frameworks
 Okay, so I start thinking through different lens and some years like I don't have frameworks yet
 I promise you do you just haven't started identifying. This is your job is start breaking down like what are my frameworks?
 What are the things I know how to do when I created my potato gun DVD? I know it was a framework
 I just know how to build a potato gun right so I made a product teaching it looking back
 And I was like oh I just I I wanted I
 Built the frame I built a potato gun so I had a result I just wanted to replicate so I walked into the process now
 Everyone can build a potato gun. There's a recipe. It's really simple to do okay
 All right, so this is the key you guys understand that so next question is like well what?
 Like Tony had 13 different results and frameworks for day one like what's what frameworks I'd be using right?
 That's the big question okay, so me come back and so what I want to talk about is
 There's this path right there's there's there's this path if you taking your dream customer on a journey
 And there's different results you can give somebody right there's like big results like my you look at my mission right
 My mission is to help entrepreneurs like you to grow their companies through sales phones
 That's the big result like that's that's the ultimate result that I want to get for somebody
 Okay, but there's a lot of there's a lot of sub results underneath that right and so what I did the other day
 I was trying to map this out as I prepared to teach us to make how do you break this down and wait simple for people right?
 So think about like for you with your clients. There's the ultimate result right
 So this is the thing all you all T. I
 ultimate result
 Okay, so for me my ultimate results and I help you grow your company through sales funnels
 And the problem typically with an ultimate results a big goal. It's awesome
 But guess what it's typically not a very sexy hook if I was like I'm gonna teach you guys how to get how to grow your company with sales funnels
 Like is that hook good? It's like oh, it's okay, but it's not like great right typically our ultimate result
 We're trying to get somebody is not like the sexiest most exciting thing in the world because it's so broad
 It's so big. It's just not that tangible okay
 5,000 people who would not have registered for this event if I was like hey if you sign for this five-day event
 I'm teaching you how to grow your company sales funnels. You're like
 Right so the old results like that's what we're trying to take people. This is typically not what we're actually selling
 Okay underneath this ultimate result
 There's a whole bunch of what I call core results that we offer people right so you come down here and there's just different core results
 Okay, I'm gonna list a couple of them here and
 Every business has these core results, okay
 So for me like for example if my goal is to grow your company through sales funnels
 So how do I do there's a lot of ways to do that right well one way one core results that I could do that by
 Teaching us how to build and launch a webinar. That's one way right?
 Makes sense. Okay, another way I can do is like let me show you how to drive traffic into your funnels and
 That's it that if you learn to drive traffic that'll lead to your ultimate result
 Oh, another one is I'm gonna show you how to
 How to write copy right how to tell your stories right another one is gonna be whatever right so have these I have these core results here
 So this is the ultimate result. These are your core results right this right here. So you can see it
 core results
 Okay, that's the second thing here. So these are the core results
 Okay, you know typically looking at most businesses the core results
 These become like your actual products right so I have a product teaching people how to have a girl company with a webinar
 Right perfect webinar secrets
 I teach people here's how to write a webinar and how to do a sales page and how to do your webinar funnel
 How to write traffic and how to do leads and how to close the sale like I have a cold course that teaches that right?
 And so some people are coming here and like oh, I'm gonna learn about build a webinar
 That's way sexier than the coming here. They're gonna buy the thing on webinars
 Right which ultimately is gonna help them to grow their company with cell phones because webinar is the type of funnel right or traffic
 Right that's a really traffic secrets book right traffic secrets
 Like if you have a if you have a funnel you need to get traffic to drive to to grow your business right
 So I have this book traffic secrets that teaches people how to get traffic which ultimately helps them with the open result
 I'm trying to get you which is how to grow your company's sales funnels because traffic is one piece of that right
 Copy is one piece of all these things are a piece of that. Okay, so think about your business right like what is the ultimate result that you offer your clients
 Okay, the end all they end all be all I want to help people to transform their life
 I want help people that whatever the thing might be right
 So now break it down like what are the four or five things they have to master or learn one of the things that are the core
 Results that they're gonna have to learn to be successful at this right so for me typically and by the way you can see
 This here magic inside my books first thing it's learning how to master funnels
 And we have to learn how to master copy inside the funnels number three
 I have to learn how to get traffic okay, so like if you were writing a trilogy like I did for your business
 Here's the ultimate result. What are the different books or products or things that are gonna help
 Ultimately help people to get that ultimate result right
 Okay, so in again, I'm I want you brainstorming through this and you're gonna be doing sign your homework right here
 I'm gonna have you say okay, here's my ultimate result. Here's the core results, okay now next step after that
 Okay, because this is where we're actually gonna be selling something and actually
 When you guys decide to join the one funnel way challenge actually next next week
 We're doing one fun way challenge. We're starting over from scratch. I'm doing it live just like I'm doing this live
 I'm gonna do it live for 30 days
 It's a 30-day challenge and in the 38 challenge when we focus you on taking one of these and actually building out an entire funnel to sell something
 Right, okay, this challenge about generating leads the next challenge about actually selling something
 So the one funnel way challenge I highly recommend you guys when this challenge is over to sign up for that one
 Again, I go live on money about my teach we're taking this and how to make a sales funnel selling one of your core results
 You offer somebody okay, okay, but I want to take one more step further. So for your primary lead magnet
 Okay, lead magnet you're bringing in I'm not using this as my lead magnet, okay
 I'm gonna go one more tear deep, okay, so on your webinar there's a bunch of
 These splinter results
 Okay
 So I'm gonna call these splinter results or frameworks, okay at every step has got them. So I'm gonna call splinter
 Slash frameworks I
 Sorry my handwriting is horrible, but on the one page days get you'll be able to see my max your handwriting, okay
 So these are the splinter results, okay?
 So if you look at this my ultimate result I'm trying to get people to grow their company with sales funnels
 Okay, one of my core results is like I'm gonna show you how to build a webinar funnel because if you have a webinar funnel successful
 You're gonna be able to grow your company with a funnel a webinar funnel, right?
 So then inside a webinar for like what are all the pieces? What are the core things?
 I sure looking K well to be successful the webinar number one you have to
 Learn how to like actually write a webinar presentation, right? So that's the core result right or excuse me a splinter result
 I got to teach you
 So this one black this is how to actually write your webinar, okay?
 So for me my framework here is called the perfect webinar perfect webinar. That's the framework, okay over here
 Okay, you have a you have your webinar presentation. That's awesome
 But you also you've got the if you've got the presentation you also need the webinar funnel, right?
 You know the funnel you also got a how do you drive traffic? So there's traffic inside here
 There's a bunch of different these sub results, okay?
 and
 And one of them one of the the frameworks in here is how do you people actually show up?
 He people actually show up to webinar, right?
 So these are all these core these are all of these these splinter frameworks that I have okay?
 Now your splinter frameworks these are the key. This is what becomes your lead magnet, okay?
 The further down you go on this the sexier the thing becomes because it becomes more and more and more and more specific
 The more specific it is the sexier it is okay your lead magnet wants to be so sexy that people are going crazy
 They have to get it right I showed you yesterday double your dating what was the lead magnet the kiss test how to find out if you're
 The doorstep how to find out if she's ready to be kissed or not okay?
 The ultimate results for this person to get married and fall in love right down here
 It's like how to find a girl down here is the kiss test right okay? The kiss test is sexy
 That's thing like oh I need to know that framework right I got to figure that thing out
 Okay, so for you it's like what is this like what is the thing that's the most sexy exciting and intriguing someone's like I
 I need to know that thing. What is it?
 Okay, so for the example I'm gonna show you guys tonight in your homework is I decided to pick this one right here
 So okay the one I'm gonna pick is this way how to actually show up the webinar so I took that over here
 I said okay, how do you people show up the webinar? What's my framework for that? I had seven steps?
 Okay, so here's my framework step one step two step three of seven steps
 Okay, you're seven things
 I do to get in to make sure if you will actually show up the webinar and then and then they're prepared to buy from you
 Okay, then I turn it into a framework and then from there I turn it into a one pager
 One pager
 Okay, and that became my lead magnet
 Okay, and some yes saw yesterday notice was on your homework. Do you see it? I did it ahead of time
 But on your homework yesterday, so me I saw that if you clicked on
 The second of the three lead funnels the second one is called what secret webinar hacks you click on that
 You saw this framework right it was the seven things that I do to make sure people actually show up their webinar and buy
 Okay, and some years often that and you got it you got the one pager of this thing right okay
 Bough sexy people who are trying to figure out this whole webinar things like oh, how does this work like oh?
 How do you feel to show up like that's a good question like I don't know how to get people to show up right?
 That's the sexy hook that becomes the lead magnet or someone's gonna say hey
 I'll give you my email address that I need that piece
 I need that nugget that thing you've got like that kiss test okay
 How to show up the webinar like whatever that thing is like I need that thing to give you email address and now you're able to exchange it for them
 Okay, so that's the core. That's how we make these things sexy right? We're pulling out the lead magnet here from the splinter results
 Okay, and so that's the big secret
 So what I want you guys thinking about in your business is what does this look like and for all you
 It's gonna be different you guys start thinking through it okay from a high level. What is the ultimate result?
 You're trying to get for your cut for your clients
 Okay, what is that okay the ultimate result that is the thing that's up here on
 The top of the thing. This is the ultimate result right okay now you break down. It's okay. What are
 What are the core results? Okay? There's gonna be three four five ten different core results that all lead to this
 Okay, and each of those is its own journey. It's his own result right okay
 There's be four or five mountains you got to get to before you before you scale Everest right?
 So what are those other mountains? What are these other results you get for somebody those are the core results?
 Okay, and if the core results is like hey, let me do it when we're tiered lower lower
 What are all the things that go into the core result right?
 Here's the different frameworks I have is four five framers for that and we've got this one that becomes a sexy
 Snets how it's gonna work
 Okay, if you look about like to think about this
 Let me go back to my books for a second
 So say dot com secrets for example, okay, so my ultimate result to help you grow your company sales funnels
 This book right here is the underground flavors for growing company with sales funnels
 So this becomes a core result right you buy this book is going to teach you guys the core results about building a funnel
 Okay, but that core result inside of here. There are
 How many secrets 28 there's 28 secrets okay, so for me each secret is a framework?
 Okay, so I can grab I look at all my 28 frameworks like which one's the most exciting there's a whole bunch in here there's
 There's the secret formula's hook story offer. There's the value ladder is attractive character this funnel hacking the seven phases of a funnel
 There's follow up funnels. There's lead squeeze funnels survey funnels summit funnels book funnels cart funnels challenge funnels
 BSL funnels webinar funnels product lines funnels application funnels
 Curiosity-based headline scripts who what why house script star story solution script OTO script
 There's a perfect webinar script the product launch script the four question closed script the center closed the script
 There's click funnels funnel stacking funnel audible. So that's the 28 frameworks beside this book
 So I will look at this. Okay, which one of those 28 frameworks is the most exciting?
 Okay, I'm okay. What's the ones gonna be most exciting? I'm curious for you guys
 Which one would be the most exciting okay with a with a secret formula? Who you want secret formula?
 Okay, I could take the secret formula and that becomes the framework that I'm gonna give away turn into a lead magnet, right?
 Or I could take I could take funnel audible time
 You guys like what happens if your funnel flops? What do you do boom?
 I can take the funnel audibles one take the step-by-step framework
 I have for that one right turn to one page and make up a landing page and move that fast. I got a lead magnet
 Okay, so start thinking about your business. I like what are all the frameworks of the sub frameworks the splinter results
 They're inside of the core thing. You're trying to teach people okay, and in there is the magic
 I'm looking. What's the sexiest thing that's gonna get people to raise their hand find that thing pull it out look
 Here's the step-by-step process, and then we're gonna turn it into one pager tonight
 And this will become a tangible thing that now you can exchange for an email address that makes sense
 Okay, all right. I'm excited. I got one more thing I want to share with you guys
 Today, and then I'm gonna give you your homework assignment. So the last thing I want to share with you guys
 Um, I know that a lot of you are coming into this world
 You you didn't come here as an educator, right? You came here because you're really good at getting this result
 And now you're like man for me to create a league night
 I'm gonna educate people
 I've got to give them a framework and teach it in a way to get some excited and make someone to continue this journey with me, right?
 And you're probably nervous, and so I want to share the guys um a
 Framework that's gonna teach you how to actually teach your framework, okay?
 And this is something I use over and over and over again, and it's my framework for how to teach frameworks, okay?
 And so I'm gonna show you guys how this process works
 Because as you start creating a framework, you know, I have to know how to do this
 Okay, so step number one you take your framework
 Okay, so here's your framework
 You got your thing, here's your steps right step one two three
 four five however many steps you got and I don't care it could be two steps could be like some of Tony's were
 Some of Tony's here were the three levels of master three minutes on the two pat the two primary fears the two master skills
 So your framework doesn't have to be like 80 steps. It can be two steps, okay?
 It doesn't matter be have your framework, okay? So now you have this framework like how do you teach this?
 Okay, I remember when I first started developing my own frameworks
 I know again
 I know it's called that time, but I'm always learning the stuff
 I was pretty good at my notes
 I was like I'm gonna teach this I got invited to speak in a seminar
 I remember I got there to seminar. I'm so nervous. I'm so awkward to me. I've seen the video
 I'd might my my tie on and my glasses on a shaved hand. I'm trying to be very
 Business-to-business people do I thought and I got there to start teaching in first thing I do is like okay
 I've got this framework. I know exactly how to change their lives, right?
 I've gone on this this path. I got a result. I'm gonna give them the result
 I'm gonna shove it down their throats, right? I was like, okay, here we go
 I came in I start teaching the framework alright guys my name is Russell Brunson step number one how to be successful
 What you do step number two and I went through my my my framework, right?
 And this framework is something that I had spent years learning and understanding and mastering it was so important to me, right?
 I remember I met this event teaching two or three hundred people as I'm teaching people
 I start looking around and the audience is like nodding off
 People are falling asleep people getting up and walking out the room and I've ever been so frustrated thinking like they don't know
 Like what I'm giving them like this is this is so valuable
 I remember there's a description in the New Testament where Christ says talks about like not casting your pearls before swine and literally
 That's how I felt I've like this is this pearl. I spent two or three years mastering learning and understanding this result
 I know how to do I'm trying to give it to people
 I thought I was casting my pearls before swine how frustrating is that is you for you as an educator?
 I was ready to quit I was like this is dumb like not even you understand
 I'm giving him like they understood like what I had to learn and understand like I literally had to bleed to learn these things
 For them and they're just like walking away from them. I was so frustrated
 So I did the first event I was like that was horrible like I got invited another event same thing
 I come in okay, I'm changing people's lives here. We go step number one step number two step number three and people are passing out
 Go to the third event and I'm just so discouraged. I'm like this is dumb
 Like I feel like I'm just wasting my time wasting their time
 Again on stage start teaching it I go through the first thing the second thing some guy stands up walks out
 I get so mad I slap my head down or my hand down on the desk and everyone sits up and I remember like
 Being kind of shocked at everyone's attention and then the angry Russell came out
 I said you not understand what I'm about to give you guys. I'm trying to share this
 Some do just walked out half of you just sound asleep
 Let me explain to you what I had to go through to understand to learn this I started walking you
 I had to buy this course and this course and this course now I did this I did this I lost money here
 I'm some bankrupt here
 I did this I start going through all the story about how I learned and how I earned this framework
 I went through the process and when they were done, I was done telling that story is like now you guys want to hear this?
 I'm like, uh-huh. We're ready. I said okay step number one is this boom and guess what?
 Nobody moved nobody got up nobody left nobody fell asleep because now they respected the pearl that I was trying to give to him
 Okay, the first step when you are teaching your framework step number one is you have to tell the story
 about how you learned it or
 earned it
 If you do not tell them a story about how you learned or you earned it
 They will not respect what you are about to give them
 This is the pre-frame that gets them prepared to be worthy of the thing you were trying to give them
 Okay, this increases the perceived value now like oh my gosh
 He went through all this pain and suffering and torture to get this thing for me
 I'm gonna pay attention to it now. So step number one you tell them the story about how you learned or you earned it
 Okay, step number two now now here is where you teach them
 the strategy
 Okay, the strategy is the overarching thing. Okay, what I'm doing today. This is strategy. This is me mapping out
 Here's the strategy of how to do it. Okay, I'm teaching the strategy so you understand the concept
 Okay, if I go if I'm the same an army general and I got always these warriors about to go to war
 And if I don't tell them the strategy first like hey you go over here
 You go over here. I start giving them the tactics about where they're gonna go people like why am I going over here?
 This makes no sense right most I'm not gonna follow you
 You want people to follow you into war the first thing I do is explain them. Here's the strategy
 Here's what we are trying to do when they understand the strategy now. It's like okay
 Here's the tactics you go over here you go over here like okay
 I'm going over here because I'm part of this I understand the strategy
 Okay, so next you do is you have to share them the strategy. Okay, do you guys notice that every single day as I'm going live here?
 What am I doing? I'm teaching you guys the strategy of that part of the framework
 Okay, I'm not going into tactics the homework does the tactics right the homework's like hey
 Let me log into one page and do the thing
 I mean log into the clickphones and show you step one step like okay here
 I'm showing you the strategy if you believe in the strategy then you're gonna go and do anything it takes to go and
 fulfill on the tactics
 If I just give you the tactics though, you're gonna be lost okay, so I teach you the strategy
 After you understand the strategy then number three now here's where you give them the tactics
 Okay, the tactics are like okay. Let me show you how to do it
 Step number one you got to go do this like tactics or college right if you're dentists
 It's like let me teach you how to clean teeth and how to do the thing right?
 The tactics are like the actual the deep dive the step-by-step here step one here step two here step three
 We're showing them the thing tactics are less sexy, but they're the things that people need to be able to get the job done
 Okay, and then the fourth thing after I thought the tactics
 Then the last thing here
 Excuse me is then we show them case studies
 Like let me show you how this works a lot of people's lives because this gives them belief of like oh my gosh
 This does work. I see how it works now and out and practical application
 Okay, so this is my framework for how to use frameworks
 Okay, so for you guys when you go tonight and you're I can't need to build a framework
 You're gonna go and you're gonna build out your framework your step-by-step process, right?
 You're gonna put it in one page where you have like the things in one page where they've got all the stuff
 They need but then you got to teach them this framework, okay?
 You got to make a video of you showing here's how I learned or I earned it
 Here's the overarching strategy, okay?
 Go in the one page down below and fulfill all the tactics. Here's some cases people have done it
 Okay, this is how you do it if you look at any chapter in my books. This is the right do okay?
 Doc on secrets chapter one guess what I do
 The secret formula first the idea I start with me telling the story about how I learned or I earned this concept, right?
 It was 11 27 a.m. On a Monday morning no matter what I told myself
 I just came out of bed and I tell the story about how I learned or I earned the secret formula, right?
 Then I told them the strategy then I walk up to the tactics and then I share a case study about how the whole thing works
 That's chapter one they go chapter two. What's chapter two the value ladder? What do I do?
 I first held the dentist story. They're how I learned to earn it then I walk the strategy
 I walk the tactics or case study last chapter two. I go to chapter three guess how I do it boom
 How I learned to earn it teach the strategy show them the tactics to a case study. That's book one book two book three
 That's how this whole process works over and over and over and over and over again, okay?
 That's my framework for how to teach frameworks. I do it in a book
 I do it in a course. I've done it today for crying out loud, right?
 I just come in here like hey guys, let me go and show you guys
 How to build a framework how many stories have I told you about how I learned to earn these different pieces?
 Right strategy things like that. Okay, that's the principle. So this is we have start learning how to do
 Okay, and that is kind of I think it's the last thing I want to share
 All right, how you guys feeling music sign is so far again. I want you guys actually pull up the one page
 So scroll really quick. So this is your this is the one pager. We're gonna be giving you guys
 Right now if guys in the back of you guys to stroll it up so I can see the very top of the page here. That'd be awesome
 Hopefully get him
 There we go. Okay, so this is the one page I'm gonna give you
 Okay, now this one page you're just you guys are fully aware in all transparency
 This one pager is my framework for how to create a lead magnet, okay?
 I just taught you the strategy right? I've told you guys how I learned I told you guys the strategy
 This framework is gonna be the tactics. Okay, and so what's gonna happen?
 You're gonna see here's the strategy right here
 Here's how you create one pager account and then it's gonna walk you to the tactics step one who was your dream customer?
 Okay, I taught you I taught the guys a strategy behind that the tactics you start typing in your typing
 What is it gonna be?
 September 2 what's the ultimate results?
 I'm gonna throw the core results
 September 4 pick one core result in the three or five splinter results
 Okay, so five pick your splinter result in the seven or six
 You're gonna go to one page and actually do it. Okay, I got my second framework down here this the framework
 How to use frameworks?
 Okay, you feel that like how did you learn you earn this framework?
 You're gonna be sure with people. Okay explain the strategy walk with the tactics
 So the case study case this one page is gonna give you the tactics of how to fulfill and everything I talked about today
 Okay, I want to walk there so you can understand what we did say with strategy
 This is tactics a lot people confuse like what's the difference between tactics and strategy?
 Okay, here
 I'm helping you cast the vision like oh, this is what we're doing and then over here now now we're getting to work now
 We're doing the things just go back up the very top real quick
 The other thing is that every single one page has a video
 Okay, this video right here is me doing the tactics
 You're gonna see me click on the button or when you click play on this
 You see me going and I actually go into one pager. I build the thing out
 I show you like here's step one here step two like this is like just like yes
 It's just me and my house doing the homework assignment with you
 So you can see me doing the tactical like doing everything on thing here step one
 You're step two and so but like literally just watch me in this model it
 Okay, and so for you guys what I recommend doing is going into one pager as you do this right you take whatever framework
 You decided okay, you're gonna plug into one pager in this video teach kind of how to do that
 Okay, and what's done you need to record yourself teaching it and you don't have to you can take the videos
 away on one pager, but I highly recommend if you can make a one pager and plug in a video of you teaching this right here
 Okay, and literally like this is my one pager for how to make
 Waffle dough at home or whatever I said I want pager about how to get more clients into my massage clean
 This is my one pager about how to publish your music as a band
 This is like whatever your thing is right. Okay, you couldn't one pager and then the videos is basically gonna go through this
 Okay, okay, this is Russell. Let me tell you a story about how I learned and I earned this framework for you
 Okay, and some people ask what's interesting learned in her learn the stuff that you learned by trial and error, right?
 You are excuse me learning you learned it from somebody like from a teacher or a mentor
 You read a book or a course or whatever right?
 I talk about learning I always give credit where credit is due if I learned some use somebody else
 I always tell people that right and then earned it is like I earned it through my own blood sweat and tears
 Okay, so how did you how did you discover this framework? You're sharing with them tell not story
 Okay, and explain the overarching strategy. This is what happened. This is why it's so cool. Okay
 Here's the tactics and then actually do the assignment and go through the one page like here's step one
 You're set to do that and showcase says of how you've done that people can pass record that video and then plug it in
 Boom right there
 Okay, and it's simple easy to do some guys. We've never done a video before this would be kind of scary
 And it's okay because right now nobody's gonna see this besides you
 Okay, you can get your iPhone click record
 I came my name's Russell and just go through this as well like doesn't have to be professional or anything just teach
 The framework and that video if you teach the framework that's plugged right here and now when they come here
 They got the framework. They got the video teaching them showing them this here. Okay, and then down below you got the actual
 the actual
 One pager that's gonna be the the framework for them
 Okay, and so that's kind of the game plan and so this right here this one page is gonna teach you guys how to actually build your one
 Pager your lead magnet in one pager. Okay, which is kind of cool now one page of signing is just one live today
 This is a new software product. There's probably gonna be some bugs and some issues like yesterday
 you guys all downloaded the one pager from yesterday and we had I think is like
 like
 8 or 9,000 people download it one and one minute and
 In the front they have like two or three million hits to the database and it was the first time we'd ever actually like launched this before and
 It kind of crashed a couple times so you guys may have seen that okay, so this is a new product
 It literally went live today. There's gonna be some issues and things let us know we're working out or making it better
 But it is insanely cool as you will see all my one pages for this training
 Have been built in it and you guys have a chance to build it
 We all set up so you can create your very first one pager for free
 So if you're like I don't have any money Russell, that's cool just and you follow the process
 The software that you create your first one for free
 So you got one lead magnet that's completely free you can build it
 Mess it up delete it start over until you got it perfected and understood and now you've got a tangible thing
 You've turned your framework from just a random framework
 Into something tangible now this framework this core concept I have now as a framework now
 I can actually give this some now is a tangible thing I can give somebody this in exchange for their email address
 Okay, that's a secret. That's the power. Okay, so we're gonna now
 I'm gonna have my team put the link down below for you guys get your day number two homework assignment
 Okay, and links for there is right there five delete challenge comm slash lead magnet
 It'll redirect to this page right here after the page you can save it into your one-pager account and then go and do the assignment
 Watch the video do the things fill it out brainstorm. Okay fill in the forms
 I don't just like my dream clients this like think through it spend some time
 Okay, go deep in this my time you're done if you finish this assignment, but I'm it's done
 You're gonna have your first one pager. I promise you the very first time is gonna be frustrating. It's new
 It's like in fact, it's funny. I built six one pagers this weekend for this training, right?
 I built day one day two day three day one I built it
 I was like this kind of cool, but it looked ugly and they - I got better day three got better by day four like my one page looks so awesome
 I was like oh I hate day one now
 So I went back to day number one I leave the whole thing
 I started over and now day one is yes
 I actually looked awesome right I read the day two which is say now day two looks awesome
 And I keep you like as you keep doing this you get better and better and better
 But even like looking at my one pages. Okay. Look at the one I gave you guys yesterday
 And like this will give you ideas like oh what you could do like oh I could do that
 I could try that and you can just kind of play with it a little bit like and ask how it works
 Okay, so get the link down below five daily challenge calm slash lead magnet will give you the one pager
 Spend some time today and tonight actually creating one pager
 We need that because tomorrow day number three in my process to help you guys get the result of getting unlimited leads
 Day number three is now we got to build your lead funnel
 Okay, and so for you build your lead funnel we have to have the lead magnet so build the lead magnet today
 And you can edit in the future you can change this does not have to be perfect
 Just kind of play with it put it in there and then tomorrow we build a lead funnel
 We'll be taking this lead magnet you build we plugging it into the into the funnel
 And now you'll have something you can like send people to you
 They'll give you the email address you're getting the lead magnet and in your business start growing. That's how I'm good
 Okay, I hope this helps you guys. I so much fun today. Like I said, this is the day
 I was most excited to teach I hope that you got tons of value information. Hope you understand all these pieces
 Now as your game plan is to go get the one pager get started on it
 And then we'll see you guys back here tomorrow same time same place to go into day number three of the five-to-feed challenge
 Thanks, you guys so much for participating for showing up. Do not be late tomorrow
 We're gonna go again, and I will see you guys all tomorrow. Thanks everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to
 Facebook Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you also Dan Kenny
 And I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost twenty thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter.com. Not only you can get the twenty thousand dollar gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me to get this gift and your
 Subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
