 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing secrets podcast
 I am actually on the two comic club crews right now with like 400 people in the two comic club coaching program
 And we're having a ton of fun. You should be here if you're not here
 But anyway because that I am not in town to record a podcast
 I probably courts them on the ship, but I want to do a special episode today with from one of our fun hacking live
 Presentations fun like alive is like 60 days away from right now
 And so if you don't ever take a shit go to funlhackinglive.com and get him
 But for today's episode
 I'll actually actually the next three episodes. I want to share with you one of my favorite presentations from all of our funlhacking lives
 That is the presentation with Sean Stevenson the three-foot giant who is one of the most amazing inspirational humans on the planet earth
 So with that said we're gonna jump into this presentation right now. I hope you enjoy it
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Russell I don't know if you truly know what you got yourself into here
 Because I'm very painfully honest with my crowd
 And I'm gonna tell them a little story of how you and I started to work together
 You saw me speak at Joe Paul's event right yeah
 And then do you remember like coming up to me afterwards and you were like oh my god
 That was amazing. We speak it quick, you know funnel hacking. They'll be awesome. I'm like sure great
 I'm like do you know my fee and you said yeah, no problem, and I'm like, okay cool
 So do you my card you're like we're gonna do this
 And I promise you
 By the end of the story Russell looks like a hero, okay, but right now he's gonna look like a dick, okay
 Everybody take out your pen take out your pen go to the agenda find my name and write very explicit language
 Maybe some erotic language. I don't know what's gonna come up here
 So a couple of weeks go by after Russell and I talk about presenting in his event and
 And I'm like dude is this is gonna happen
 He's like yeah, yeah
 There's just this thing I go what?
 He's like well, we're brought in another speaker
 We brought in a big famous speaker and like we don't have the budget to bring you in now
 And I'm thinking like how is that my problem?
 But that sounds like your problem
 And it was this and I'd love you brother
 But I did in the moment, okay, I did not in the moment I was like
 Am I supposed to like wave my feet now because he brought in a celebrity?
 Holy sh*t
 Is this like a part of the funnel ascension program
 Is he like lead me to like giving him a discount or something
 And I said well dude listen I don't speak that often anymore
 That's my fee. I would love to be there for you maybe next year and
 That was that was it. You remember that it was very clear and
 a few hours went by and
 I get this text message
 It's like when you tell a girl, you know like you know what you maybe we're not hitting this off right?
 Maybe we shouldn't go out and then you just walk away. It's like
 The girls like what?
 Look at me
 Do you know what I'm capable of?
 Have you not asked all the other men right and so I?
 Get a text message a few hours later from this adorable clean-cut Mormon right and he just writes me
 Screw it out of my own pocket. Let's do this and I'm like that's awesome
 That's awesome because what I saw from wrestling that moment was devotion
 Not commitment, but devotion
 When you are committed to something you'll still fall down
 When you're devoted you won't when something hits you when you're devoted you crush it
 How do I know because I'm still alive?
 Just about two months ago on January 29th. I had a semi-truck going 75 miles an hour and
 I walked away without a scratch
 And it was a life transformative moment for me
 You guys know the rapper 50 cent
 He was shot nine times twice in the face when he came out of surgery
 He had one foot
 Nothing
 Nothing is gonna take me down until I'm ready to go
 And he was thinking about it bigger than just about life and spitting in the face of
 Eyes of faith. It was more like I am devoted to get mine on this planet
 I'm gonna have my message heard. I'm gonna make the money
 I want to make I want to make the difference. I want to have the love I want to have the connection
 I want to have all of that and I don't care what shows up in my path all obstacles fall to me
 And it's scary to say that and it sounds arrogant and it sounds pushing itself
 Overwhelming, but you know what I finally had a light bulb that finally screwed in on January 29th
 And the light bulb told me
 God's not done with you yet
 That means you need to be louder you need to be more intense
 You need to love all the human beings on this planet with
 reckless abandon
 It doesn't matter if they hate you you keep loving them
 It doesn't matter if they talk they talk about you you don't talk it back you say I'm sorry you feel that way
 maybe tomorrow you won't
 And you bring an unconditional reckless amount of love for the human race and amazing things begin to happen
 Russell you were mentioning yesterday in your talk that
 It's a
 Oftentimes you're mistaken for like oh, I look 11 years old. Oh poor Russell looks like he's 11
 Oh
 You know Russell have you considered my friend
 Maybe the fact that you made a product on how to build potato guns
 Might have made people think you were 11. I don't know. I'm just just a theory just a theory
 You also mentioned that you love
 Your Facebook profile not your wife's because it's get back to all that like that like marketing
 Right all that stuff going down
 So I'm gonna play a slideshow about my keynote here today speaking directly into your language
 Sir, so that you feel at home with your own keynote because this money you brought me here is for you
 They're just getting enjoyed this right?
 So this is like I'm gonna serenade you all right
 It's like if you want we can bring a chair up here like Justin Bieber dies a sit in your lap
 And I'll make you on you'll have unholy thoughts, I'm just gonna say just gonna say
 All right, so let's put the
 Stick this good looking man down put the slides up. Okay, so here we go. They're hit to play
 Would you like to learn?
 Out of reach 120 million people in one week without spending any money on PR or advertising anybody in this room want to learn that
 Do I have your attention
 Would you also like to learn how to?
 Get on Oprah
 How to become friends with celebrities business moguls and world leaders anybody
 How to get the top internet marketers begging to promote you to their list who would like that
 Would you like that sir?
 I'd get Tony Robbins talking about you on his products and at his live events who would like that?
 See I just want you to know like this is ego sleazy, but I'm trying to speak directly into that marketing
 discomfort fear that we have right which is fear of actually telling the truth about our results and what we create
 Would you like to learn how to dazzle any size audience always get standing relations and never get nervous on stage anybody?
 Would you like to learn how to get paid 15 to 40 thousand dollars an hour to speak on stages around the world?
 How to produce viral videos that consistently get millions of views
 How to get a major New York publisher to buy your book and translate it in over a dozen languages anybody
 Amazing right see this is the the copy
 Well our speaker today has done all this and more and he'd like to share it with you
 You guys drawn into the copy is it pulling you to the next line? Are you thinking about opting in right now?
 Like are you scratching and just like oh my god? I need to make sure this Wi-Fi connection stays
 It's so funny seeing you all like internet marketers like at a conference trying to get your Wi-Fi
 I mean you guys will do some amazing things for a Wi-Fi password in the bathroom. I'm just saying
 proud cheers right
 Oh everybody go oh
 Unfortunately he doesn't have enough time today to share it with you what we call that we call it take away right oh
 scarcity there's not enough time
 I
 Wish you lost one more time
 But if you come to his live event 10 case speeches and I get and then you're thinking he can't be promoting his live event
 April fools
 Let's take a vote
 How many people in this room?
 By the raisins I'll give you both the options because you're gonna have to vote on one of the other
 How many people would like the planned speech that I have for you that has a lot of stories you might have heard before
 That's option one we're gonna vote or option two is I throw all that away I
 Let go of my own fear and I completely channel something that I don't even fully understand that comes through me not from me
 Okay, that's option two so you guys ready to vote are you guys ready to vote?
 How many deal by a raise of hands would like option one?
 Okay, we got one all right
 How many people by a raise a hands with like option two
 Let's do this
 That means I'm gonna shut down all my notes
 And you're thinking oh you probably knew we were gonna do that no I didn't some clouds go with the notes. It's crazy
 You're so clean and good how many people see deep down side have a little bit of the the feeling that I have you would just love to see
 Russell like in sweatpants with like Cheetos ripped on them and and like
 And you know he's like angry at his hair's all messed up and he's like cussing like a sailor
 How many people it might be only one that fantasizes about this?
 His kids asking for help is like listen do you know that we went through to get you here
 Money and daddy had to spend a lot of time together
 Well, I could have been making a better funnel
 They voted for the channeling that is the channel
 That was not planned and I was even like oh wow that was pretty intense
 Wow, I actually had you visualizing Russell Brunson going at it and you're like oh
 Stop it Sean
 But you know what everybody take a deep breath in
 out through your mouth I
 Got you
 And I don't mean that in an arrogant way. I mean I've been here enough
 I've gone through I've been 22 year overnight success
 You are why I wake up in the morning
 You're the human race
 We had to give her the phrase oh you're leaving a lot of money on the table raise it up high
 Screw that I'm sick of hearing that because you know what when you're
 Smelling the cologne of the grim reaper and you are curled up almost begging to die. You're in so much pain
 It doesn't matter how much money you left on the table
 You know what matters what matters is how much love did you leave on the table? What matters is how much?
 I
 I'm sick and tired of feeling guilty that I don't have as much money as so-and-so. I'm tired of it
 I'm done with it. I don't care how much money you guys make
 I don't care how much money you think I make because you know money is a wonderful thing. I ain't putting money down
 Yo, I love money
 But you know what you can't bring it with you
 And I won't make you happy
 It'll give you temporary gratification
 It'll make you feel important for a while
 You know give you some freedom
 and you'll be able to travel and you'll be able to
 Travel with more style and more stuff and you have more people doing your grocery shopping and driving you around and you have more
 You know organic foods and your refrigerators stopped by somebody else
 But you don't even know the name of to say hired her last week and now you should you know you gonna have all that
 But money doesn't wipe your kids
 Money doesn't hold your hand money doesn't hold you when you're trembling in fear
 I
 Love you, I don't even know you don't love you
 Me as a human race we we think that like somebody can't love us unless they know us
 But we have no problem hating people we don't know
 It's out of balance
 I haven't fully channeled my speeches
 Until recently because I
 worried
 What if I don't say the right thing to make the right impact to the person that brought me in
 But what if I don't make enough laughter in the crowd or what if they don't think this about me or that about me
 And I had so much chatter going on up here
 That right here I
 Was missing out
 There was this heart just pounding you're saying listen to me just listen to me
 I promise you if you listen to me everything will come out smooth if you just listen to me
 Everyone will be amazed but you won't care if they're amazed because you will feel at peace just listen to me
 On a week ago, so last Friday I put out a video holding post-it notes
 By raise your hands how many people saw that video?
 You and 55 other million people saw it in one week
 My reach this week was 120 million people
 And you know what's wild
 Does that number make me realize we have a long way to go to get to the entire population
 You know, I don't care about
 What I accumulated as much as everybody else wants me to care about that
 You know how many marketers and business moguls pull me aside and say Sean
 Sean buddy, you're leaving a lot of money on the table and
 They mean well, they really do and I love them for it
 And I've taken some of their suggestions and I've improved my business
 But you know at the end of the day I look him back and I go he got to get
 I
 Just refused to die leaving a lot more love on the table
 And we need showed you when Russell showed you on that first couple slides beginning of this event the different stages that you'll go to the last one was a
 thought leader
 And I want to share with you today about what it takes to become a world thought leader where the human race
 is an alignment with what you are bringing to them
 And it's so much bigger than how to improve your conversions
 And I'm not putting down this industry
 I think it's great that we know these things because then it gives us the money to then build the thing bigger and reach more people
 So never mistake me as being a capitalist basher. No, Alex Sharf and I are one of the best friends in this room
 And I agree with him
 Capitalism is amazing and capitalism without heart is destructive
 We need to have heart in what we're doing in our business in our marriage with our family and most importantly with ourselves
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.fennelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
