 Everyone's Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the Market Secrets Podcasts. This is episode three of three of the Sean Stevenson presentation from Fun Liking Live.
 You don't ever take us yet, but funlikinglive.com. Thanks everybody.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 So here's how you deal with a world dollar leader.
 You get excited about every single person that's swimming toward you.
 You get jazzed about that.
 Because then that jazzed energy becomes infectious and guess what happens?
 All those people that were flailing around the water, they're like,
 well, they're swimming toward, well, maybe I need to swim toward and they'll start swimming toward you.
 The moment they see that you're not going to chase after people that don't want help.
 The moment you show the human race that you are done helping victim-behavoured individuals
 is the moment people come to you for support.
 I'm going to say something that's going to sound very negative. Hang in there with me.
 Some people in this lifetime are not going to get it.
 Some people are going to need to die to figure out what happens to their life.
 And I wish it didn't have to be that way.
 And I fought that truth and I fought it and I fought it.
 No, I can save everybody. I'm Sean Stevenson.
 And then finally I went, you know what?
 Some people just aren't going to get it in this lifetime.
 And then the people started showing up in droves.
 And I know more is coming.
 And I'm ready for them.
 Thank you. Because I know that I'm not alone.
 I became an entrepreneur because I had no choice.
 When I went to apply for jobs, they blatantly discriminated against me.
 And I'm not saying that because like, oh, I'm bitter. No.
 They said the words, sorry.
 We don't think we could hire a person in a wheelchair.
 Because two years ago we hired somebody in a wheelchair and it just didn't work out.
 And then I was like, oh, what?
 And then I went to the next application.
 And somebody said, well, you know, Sean, we know this job you're totally qualified for.
 But we might need you to run out to Starbucks and get coffee.
 And we're just thinking that you might not be able to handle that.
 And time, and time, and time, and time after time, I heard stupid statements like that.
 And then you might say the lawyer in your brain might go, well, you can sue them.
 That's discrimination. Yeah.
 But do I want to screw a company and then go work for that company?
 Like first day, hey guys, I got a class at Chantuosuit against you.
 How can I help you?
 I don't want that. I didn't want that. That's why I said, hmm.
 Maybe.
 Maybe God, universe, call it what you want.
 It makes you feel comfortable inside.
 The magical and invisible chocolatey wrangle. I don't care.
 But whatever it is, it's not human.
 Maybe that energy said, nope.
 You're not supposed to have that.
 Because if you have that, you won't do what you need to be doing on this planet.
 And I believe that humans are funny.
 I believe that humans are like children.
 Like babies sometimes. We find this shiny object.
 And we're holding this shiny object.
 And we're like, yay, this shiny object.
 And then something bigger than us comes along and rips it out of our hands.
 We're like, I like it.
 When did you take it?
 I wanted it. And that big shiny object was a knife.
 And you were pointing it right at your eye.
 And the parents said, no.
 No.
 I wanted it. I wanted it.
 I wanted to be with that crazy bitch that hurts people.
 I wanted it.
 I wanted it. I wanted it.
 I wanted to be in business with that.
 I wanted it.
 I wanted to have all those friends that used me until my money ran out.
 I want them back.
 Something bigger than you comes along and goes, nope.
 And you think how mean that energy is.
 How dare you take my son?
 How dare you take my stuff?
 How dare you take my business?
 How dare you take this from me?
 You don't have the master plan now, do you?
 None of us do. We're still living in a mortal body.
 And so therefore we'll have all the pieces.
 We don't know what we need to become.
 Do you realize everything that's ever been taken from you wasn't taken from you.
 It was exchanged.
 You look at me. It's so funny how you treat me.
 You think if you don't know a thing about Shawn Stevenson,
 oh, it's so sad. He's in a wheelchair and that must be so difficult.
 Do you realize what I can do that none of you can?
 This. What I'm doing right now is what I can do.
 And walking through the walls and walking through the blocks and walking through the pains
 and facing death over and over and over to tell the human race, wake up.
 That's what I can do.
 Yeah! Yeah!
 [applause]
 I don't know what you can do.
 You don't know what you can do.
 Or maybe you do.
 But the way I look at this is like funnel hacking is awesome.
 But why don't we humanity hack?
 Why don't we play such a big game together that it's not about individuals in a room
 learning how to expand their businesses and their conversion rates.
 I mean, I tease you because if that's what you're concerned with,
 you're missing the big picture while you were born.
 There's something that only you can do for the human race that I and no one else can do
 in the way that you do it.
 And I hear this a lot with entrepreneurs.
 They'll be like, "But there's so many other people do what I'm doing.
 Well, then you're doing it wrong.
 You're doing it wrong because if you do what only you can do,
 you have no competition outside of you.
 You only have one thing that you're competing with.
 And that is write this down.
 My only competition is my doubt.
 That's the only competition you got.
 When you doubt yourself, you're getting lapped.
 You're dreams.
 You're aspirations.
 You're purposes.
 You are getting lapped by doubt.
 Or some days you're going to wake up.
 You're going to do your self-care.
 You're going to work on your mind, your body, your spirit.
 You're going to nourish yourself.
 You're going to keep your self-commitments.
 You're going to look in the mirror and you're going to say, "I love you."
 And if you don't feel it, you say, "I love you."
 If you don't feel it, you say, "I love you."
 And you just keep coming like a tsunami to yourself.
 It doesn't matter what's jiggling on your body.
 You just keep coming at it.
 Because your dreams, only you, can make happen.
 No one's coming to save you.
 Not in this lifetime.
 Russell can help you.
 Other mentors can help you.
 Other teachers, friends, JVs, whatever.
 They can help you, but they ain't going to save you.
 No one's going to save your marriage but you.
 Nobody's going to save your body.
 Save your children.
 None of this is going to be saved.
 You are going to look yourself in the mirror and you're going to love yourself with relentlessness.
 And then only then you've got a shot.
 And I'm going to help you get the best shot you can in this lifetime.
 Because I realize this isn't about me anymore.
 I don't even care if you clap.
 I don't care if you laugh.
 I don't care if you want my picture with you.
 I don't care if you want my eye.
 I'm lying in that.
 Okay?
 I'll do it.
 But you know what I really want?
 I really want this to get this out.
 I got to get it out.
 Because it's crawling inside of me.
 It's waking me up in the morning.
 It's keeping me awake.
 It's pounding inside me.
 Sean, share it, share it, share it.
 And when you find that in you.
 When there's something in you that wakes you up and you get up at 5 a.m.
 And bam, you start working on your self-care.
 You start taking your healthy, vitamin smoothie.
 And then you're working out and you're taking your shower.
 And you're listening to Les Brown, Tony Robbins, Russell Brunson.
 I'll care.
 You're going to town listening to all that stuff.
 And then you go into your day.
 Taking great care of yourself.
 And somebody says you can't do that.
 And you look at that person and you say, well thank you for sharing.
 And you don't get angry.
 And you don't shove them back.
 You don't get militant.
 Being militant toward people that are your haters and doubters, that's a stage of your evolution.
 It's better than taking it.
 But it's not the end all.
 Because it will drain your resources.
 Time and energy will be drained if you try to prove anything to anybody.
 I don't want you exhausted.
 I don't want you going broke.
 I don't want you going emotionally brain dead.
 And that's going to mean you can't keep living your life to prove anything to anyone.
 You only need to live your life to improve yourself.
 That's it.
 You improve yourself and others will take notice.
 Get in great shape.
 Work on your marriage.
 Work on your own psychology.
 Work on loving the human race.
 Work on forgiving yourself.
 Work on forgiving others.
 Work on connecting to whatever energetic you think is out there.
 Work on you.
 And you will start to create incredible results.
 And then people, you won't have to tell them, "Oh, join my program or combine my book."
 They will come flocking to you.
 Because they will go something's inside that human being.
 Something I want.
 Something inside this human being that I want.
 And it's invisible and it's magical.
 And it's a flame.
 And it's burning hot.
 And I can feel it in the back row.
 And when they feel that heat from you, you won't have to ask them for anything.
 They will come begging you for it.
 And you know what?
 You won't even care anymore.
 On January 29th, I had taken my six, five students on a road trip.
 Because one of our other students was getting open heart surgery.
 And I've been in a lot of hospitals.
 I've had more pain than I ever want you to experience.
 And so I knew when you're sick, when you're in pain, you're worried you're going to die,
 you don't remember or give a kid about the cards that were sent.
 You don't care about the flowers.
 You don't care about the meals that were left on your doorstep.
 You care about the people that show up in the hospital room and hold your hand.
 That's who you care about.
 But do you know how few people are willing to get on airplanes or in cars and come to you?
 It's small.
 And on January 29th, I had to make a choice.
 I had these students and I said, "Look, I know you all flew here to learn for me today,
 but we need to pack into a car and we need to drive to Long Beach, California,
 and we need to hug our comrade and then we need to get back in the car and we need to drive home."
 Because all of you have flights and lives back at home.
 We need to spend this day together to show our friend that we are there for him.
 And we headed out and I was woken up with that idea four in the morning and it didn't make sense
 because intuition doesn't use the facts.
 Now, like fear does.
 And we drove all the way from Scottsville, Arizona, to Long Beach, California,
 and we gave him that hug. You should have seen his face.
 He didn't believe us.
 He didn't believe that somebody would take, you know, like a 12 to 14 hour round trip
 just to give a human being a hug.
 And he said, "Who does that?"
 I said, "Sean Stevenson does."
 Because I've been scared.
 I've smelled the cologne of the green ripper.
 I know when it comes down to the end of it, you only worry about the love you left on the table.
 And I'm going to drive home.
 I did something that I'm not advocating any of you do.
 It didn't make sense.
 I took off my seat belt and I turned around to talk to the people behind me.
 And I was sitting on someone's lap because we didn't have enough seats.
 But just something inside of me said, "Take off your seat belt, turn around.
 It'd be okay."
 Now, all the while I felt irresponsible because we were on the highway going 75 miles an hour.
 And as I turned around to talk to one of my students,
 I noticed they all went pure white.
 And I can't see anything behind me.
 And then I heard what I thought was just a trash can hitting our hood.
 And then I watched full grown adults get thrown around in a car like beanie babies.
 And last thing I knew, I was into my friend that was holding these bodies face forward,
 crushing my nose into her sternum.
 And I realized we were in a car accident going 75 miles an hour.
 And you know what ran through my head?
 What ran through my head was, "This was my idea.
 I'm killing all my students because I listened to something that didn't make any sense.
 And I got angry.
 If you ever followed that intuition, that feeling, and it didn't make sense,
 and in the beginning you were like, "No good deed goes unpunished.
 This is stupid."
 And you get angry that you made that decision, that raced through me, and then I dropped that quick.
 And I went into discussion mode with the magic chocolatey rainbow called God.
 And I said, "God, this was my idea.
 Keep them safe.
 Take me."
 I've lived a very good life.
 I've lived a lot longer than people thought that do not take them.
 And like that, it was over.
 And everybody was a mess.
 And I turned around.
 And I saw that we had smashed into the back of an 18-wheeler.
 And a car was destroyed.
 And the momentum from that crash carried us into the shoulder.
 While all the other trucks whipped by, and the truck we ran into never stopped.
 And it was the best thing that ever happened to me.
 Because in that moment I realized, "I'm not done.
 I'm just getting started.
 I don't want you to have to hit a semi-truck to realize that."
 Although when we finally got to the side of the road, I knew I needed to make the audience in my car laugh.
 So I said, "Hey guys, we need to release this trauma.
 Are you ready to laugh?"
 "Yeah, yeah, yeah."
 I said, "Oh, your speaker fee's just doubled."
 (Laughter)
 (Applause)
 And then I said, "Hey guys, I put the semi in seminar."
 (Laughter)
 I said, "Wait for it. The last one is the best."
 And I said, "Some people get their audience to walk on coals.
 I smash them in the trucks."
 (Laughter)
 (Applause)
 Right down in this piece of paper that you got in front of you.
 Why were you born?
 And then the next question is, "What are you going to do with the time you got left?"
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your time.
 I love you.
 (Applause)
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free Behind the Scenes reality TV show at www.FunnelHacker.tv.
