 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson. Welcome to the marketing secrets podcast today.
 Take you behind the scenes of our recent affiliate mastermind talk about building out your customer avatar.
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets.
 All right everyone so
 this last week we did an affiliate event for my top 20 affiliates for the expert secrets book which is really cool.
 I'm off. I heard a boy who we hung out we shared ideas we talked and it was really really cool.
 In fact the next few episodes of the podcast I'm actually gonna do right here my home office.
 I'm here right now and I've got my notebook with a whole bunch of cool stuff and
 there are a whole bunch of really good takeaways
 that I think we're valuable enough to share with you.
 We also have a filmly event.
 So I'm gonna get
 branded on my team to grab some of those clips and plug them into here so you can actually see some of the footage of some of the
 ideas and concepts I think are really really important. I know the last few podcasts I've done have been some long
 one, some like hour long, many minutes and so I'm gonna get back to a shorter form and to share some of the
 really cool things. So first of all I want to talk about is JLD, John Lee Dumas from Entremeron Fire
 who is I think the number one ClickFunnels affiliate right now. He's gonna be the first affiliate and ClickFunnels
 making a million dollars himself. That's his goal and he's killing it. He's also probably the one of the lowest
 maintenance if not the lowest maintenance affiliates I've ever had and partners like he's just awesome dude and
 love him love working with him and it's awesome and so he was at the event and it was cool is that we had to do some Q&A
 with the group and somebody asked him say hey I'm building a podcast and first thing JLD asked like well who's the
 forward and they're like well it's for this kind of person this kind of person this kind of person and he's like there's your
 problem. He's like you need to be able to identify exactly who your person is and then he went into this like state where he just
 shared exactly who his dream customers dream client was and I've never in the history of me doing this business which is now 14 or 15 years
 heard someone more perfectly explain their customer avatar than JLD did at that moment and I'm so glad we got on film so I'm gonna play that clip for you right now
 so you can see exactly what he said and as you're listening to someone you're thinking through that because that is how clear you have to be on exactly who your customer is and that way you create your product your
 podcast or whatever it is you're doing you match it to your customer and that is a secret so let me show that clip right now. So who's your perfect listener?
 Our perfect listener would be a business owner or an entrepreneur or a real estate investor. So that's really vague like perfect listener should just be that one individual that like you would see is like the perfect ideal client
 because once you've kind of made that step in that decision as a podcast host everything changes so like for me when I was trying to figure out like what I wanted
 to be an entrepreneur or a fire to be I was overwhelmed because it was really hard for me to kind of find what that path that I wanted to take my listeners on.
 And when I really sat down and said okay my listener is or my avatar is Jimmy he's 37 years old he has a wife and two kids ages three and five he drives by himself to work every single day so 25 minute commute to work.
 He gets to a cubicle the job he hates for nine hours you know gets done with his job drives home so 35 minute commute home because he gets stuck on a little bit of traffic gets home he hangs out with his kids
 has dinner with his family puts his kids a bed hangs out with his wife and then he has a little Jimmy pity party at the end of every single night because he's sitting on the couch saying why do I spend 90% of my waking hours doing things I don't enjoy doing
 commuting to a job I don't like being at a job I don't like commuting home and only 10% of my waking hours doing things that I love like spending time with my kids and my family
 and Jimmy is my avatar like he's the person that as he's driving to work should be listening to entrepreneur on fire so that when my guest is sharing their worst entrepreneurial moments he can understand that it's okay to fail and like that you can learn lessons from failure and that when he's driving home and my guest talks about their aha moment he can talk about how you take an aha moment and turn it into success.
 And then instead of having that pity party at night you know by himself on a couch he can listen to the lightning round where my guest is sharing their best advice they've ever had their favorite book their favorite
 resource and so he can start to put together the pieces of the puzzle and so for me now whenever I come up to any question I have about the direction of my podcast I go to my avatar and I say www.jd like what would Jimmy do and like I know from that one answer like that that's the way that I gotta go so if you sit down and you really say hey this is the one perfect listener of my podcast then you're going to know that person inside now you're going to know where that person hangs out what Facebook groups are in what LinkedIn groups are in
 like how to advertise to them like what lead magnet is going to be appealing to them on Facebook that's going to get them to download it and then be able to be promoted to your show and again this is your ideal perfect client like you can probably picture right now this person that whenever he sits down in front of you just like dude you're like my favorite client and he's like I know I'm your favorite client and like that's the person that like you want to be drawing in.
 So like if you sit down and really just figure out who your perfect one ideal listener is everything changes from that point forward and all the decisions you make are based off of that and so every piece of content you make for your podcast is speaking to that avatar that one person every
 every every call to action you give and every intro and every call to action and every outro is for a specific purpose.
 So for instance in my podcast Entrepreneur of Fire you hear me I have seven rotating calls to action on my intros and outros.
 One's going to say hey this is Johnny Dumas of Entrepreneur on Fire where I interview the world's most successful entrepreneur seven days a week.
 By the way if you're struggling with a goal right now you should check out the Freedom Journal because I teach you how to accomplish your number one goal in 100 days so visit the Freedom Journal.com and that will be one called action that will bring people down one specific funnel.
 That will result in them purchasing my journal the Freedom Journal for $39 and then I have the call to action in my outro that says hey guys hope you enjoyed the chat with Russell today he rocked the mic as always.
 Oh by the way if you're thinking about creating your own course your own podcast I have a free course called Free Podcast course so we'll teach you how to create, grow and monetize your own podcast in 15 days and so then they'll go to that's
 URL the Center for the Free Podcasting course which will lead them to my free masterclass which I do every single every two weeks which is live and then that masterclass will lead to me pitching them podcast as paradise which is what we have for our premium podcasting community so every
 single call to action I have is for Jimmy to take them into one of my seven or eight functioning funnels that I have to result in some kind of revenue being generated at the end so I think that
 the steps you can and should take is really nail your avatar understand who that person is as an individual and then start creating one, two, three calls to action that you're using in your intros in your outros that are getting them into the beginning part of a funnel that's going to result in your
 ideal action which might be a phone call which might be you know whatever that you know investing their first dollar with your company whatever that result is but that's the funnel you're taking them in does that make sense.
 I hope you guys love that it was like as he was talking I was like trying to take notes like ah and I'm like oh good video so it's pretty powerful and I want to make sure you guys all know your customer avatar that clears well if not it's time to do your homework
 stop the podcast and go think through that because as soon as it becomes that tangible where you know who they are everything else becomes easier so that said thanks you guys so much for listening and we'll see you on next week's episode of the marketing
 seekers podcast.
 So go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
