 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell. Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast
 Today we're going into day number three of the five-day lead challenge
 Hopefully you've enjoyed the last two episodes if you haven't listened yet make sure you get them all in order because they all kind of build upon each other
 But this is day number three and today we're talking about creating your lead funnel, right?
 So we talked about day number one talked about the strategy of generating leads online day number two
 We built out your lead magnet and now day number three. We're gonna start building your lead funnel
 This is the most basic most simple and one of the most powerful types of funnels you can create
 And so we'll be talking about that during today's episode
 Once again
 This is from a video event that we did and so if you want to see the videos and see the screenshots and get the one pager
 Homework and all that kind of stuff you can get those for free at five day lead challenge calm
 So that said, I hope you enjoy this episode on creating your lead funnel
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Welcome to day number three of the five day lead challenge. Have you guys been enjoying this process so far?
 I'm actually really curious. This is the first time we've ever done training like this where we go live every single day
 I worry point out a strategy. We give you the tactics. We give you the one page to go to the homework assignment
 I'm curious like I love to know the comments already these afterwards, but let me know in the comments if you guys are enjoying this process
 I think it's a fun cool new way to to train so if you do like it
 Let me know if you're getting a lot of value outside love to be able to see it
 Let me know in the comments down below on one really cool thing that I'm excited about
 That I'm gonna kind of let you guys know and they'll jump into the training
 As we've been planning this I was having so much fun with it
 A lot of you guys know we do a training called one funnel way
 How do you guys have ever heard of the one funnel way challenge or been part of the one funnel way challenge?
 Okay, so we launched one funnel way challenge
 About two years ago now and then last year's over 70,000 people have gone through it, which is crazy
 So thank you. Hope you had a chance to go through and you enjoyed it
 But you know it's been two years and I love teaching I get excited and like I don't know about you every time
 I talk about something off stage and like oh, I want to do it again
 I could change this I could tweak this I can make it better and I really decide after OFA as like I want to do it again
 And I'm really enjoying this process and so I talked to my team
 I was like what if we did OFA again, but this time do it live and do it live over 30 days where we do the same process
 I come up here
 I talked to you guys for 30 minutes or so give you a one page or give you a homework assignment and go
 We got every single day over 30 days and the end of it
 We do the next year, right?
 This whole five-day lead challenge all about getting your first leave funnel game leads come in the one funnel way challenge about creating your very first
 Sales funnel way actually selling products and making money. So my question is we were to do that
 We were to go and do one fun away live
 Starting Monday. How many of you have to be interested in being part of that?
 If so, let us know the comments down below because I'm pretty sure that's what we're planning on doing because I am really
 Doing this process. I don't want it to stop. I want this every day for the next 30 days
 So anyway, we'll talk more about that towards the end this week
 But if you guys are interested to extending this experience and going from here's me generating lead snake now
 How do we start selling products and building out full-out sales funnels? That's what the new one funnel way challenge is gonna be
 It's gonna be simplified from the old one
 Every single day will have a one-page or homework assignment. It'll be really fun and it'll be exciting
 So that's happening later on this week
 So I want to kind of you guys know about or starting next week Monday
 We'll start the new one fun away challenge. So anyway, that's kind of what's happening. All right with that said
 I'm gonna jump into today. We got so many fun things
 How many by the way how many guys went and did the sign yesterday actually got your one-pager count set up and created your very first one
 Pager you're very first lead magnet, okay?
 We've been watching the comments and the things that's been a little bit of chaos on our side
 Obviously one page is a brand new product
 Here's the first people ever to use it and I've already seen so many people creating one page
 There's people finding a couple of bugs, which has been nice. Let us know we're trying to get all the things fixed up
 There's a lot of cool new features things coming out with a bit as of right now. It's pretty cool, right?
 Like all the one pagers that I'm in giving you guys I built those myself and that was me
 I'm not technical. I was able to build those pick me a little while and I had so much fun with it and so
 Like I said, I'm literally today
 I'm gonna start working on the one funnel way one pagers because I got all the one pagers for this week done
 yesterday actually so
 Anyway, I hopefully enjoyed one pager if not if you ever know your song what we're signing
 Yeah, make sure you go back today number two, which was yesterday watch the training get the one page
 And then go and create your one page
 That's how you're taking your framework
 We talked about and turn it into something tangible that you can trade somebody in exchange for the email address
 Okay, one page is the coolest way I've ever found to do that so that's exciting
 Okay, so before I dive into today
 This is me like
 One of my favorite things about my role in this whole game is I get to do cool marketing stuff
 And then I get to tell you guys what I'm doing behind I feel like I'm the wizard of Oz
 It's like I do something amazing that my hey come behind the curtain
 Let me show you what we just did okay, so yesterday we talked a lot about frameworks now
 I want to again
 I'm gonna open the curtain and show you show you guys kind of what's happening right when we planned out the five-day lead challenge
 What did I do? I said okay?
 What's the end result that the end result we're trying to get somebody right?
 It's just kind of funnel with leads coming
 I still okay to do that if I was to break it down over five days of all the frameworks that I have that I've taught that
 I know that I understand what are the frameworks that people need to really have success and be able to do that right and
 So day number one I want I shared with you guys the overarching framework
 Right here's the big framework of how to be how to generate leads online
 Okay, now was day number one was kind of a big drop brought overview of like this is how it works
 Right and walk through all the pieces like you have to have a lead magnet
 Then you got to have a squeeze page
 Then you got to have an email sequence and you have to drive traffic
 And so day one was me sharing the framework of the entire week, right?
 And then yesterday the guys noticed when I taught all ideas. I had three frameworks. I taught you guys. Did you catch this?
 Okay, I had three frameworks. Okay. Have you guys remember this very first framework that I showed you guys
 Was my framework I talk about here and show you guys. Let me flip my whiteboard back over
 Okay, the first framework I talked about with you guys was this right here, right?
 I'm talking about who is your dream customer. What's the result you're trying to get for him?
 And then what are the steps to that journey, right? Okay, so that was the framework. I taught you guys now
 When I taught you guys, did you know if I taught this I didn't just say okay?
 Here's the how the framework works, right?
 The way I taught it is first off what I did as I told you the story about how I learned I earned it, right?
 Then I walked you through the overarching strategy. Here's the concept of how it works
 Okay, and then your homework assignment the one page or gave you the tactics, right?
 And I shared a ton of case studies throughout thing of like how this worked for me and for other people, right?
 So that was the first framework I shared
 Okay, second framework I shared
 Boom was called the ultimate result, right?
 What is the ultimate result, right?
 Then what are the core results and from there what are the splinter results and from there?
 We're gonna grab it and create your one pager. Okay, that was the second the second framework
 I taught was the ultimate result, right? And then the third framework I taught was what?
 Who my framework for how to teach frameworks, okay?
 Like that literally with it so there's behind the curtains. Yes
 There's like hey, what are the free what are the frameworks?
 I need to teach them today from my bag of frameworks my bag of tricks and things that I have they can help
 Give them the tools they need to be successful with day number two. Okay, so day number three
 So I was planning out so okay day number three. We're talking about actually creating your lead funnel, right?
 You've got a lead magnet now now you need a funnel. This is the mechanism
 This is the tool that's gonna give somebody to give you their email address in exchange for
 For your lead magnet, right?
 So it's like it. What are the frameworks that they need today to just understand them and make sense and then I'm gonna go and give them
 Give them the tool, right? And so there's two frameworks. I'm gonna be teaching today, okay?
 So hopefully as we're seeing this like I'm practicing my preaching. I'm not just
 You know just pulling you sit down. I'm like this is I'm showing you guys exactly what I'm doing and hopefully this is giving you a model
 Okay, I always tell people I feel like my main role here at ClickFunnels is to be like someone who's doing things
 So you guys can look at it and you can model in your business, right?
 Like I don't need to keep keep doing live trains. I don't need to keep like I'm fine like financially
 I'm good like I could take a break I think a year or two or six years off me completely fine
 Okay, I keep doing this because I love it number one. I love this game. It's so much fun. But number two
 I'm trying to show you guys models. You can like oh I can see I can model out my business
 Oh, I can do what Russell did over here. I could do a five-day challenge. What would be my framers?
 What would I teach people right? I could create my own lead magnet
 Well, what I create Russell show me three of his like what could I do for lead magnet?
 Right? I'm trying to show you guys stuff
 So you can look at it
 You can think through it and figure out a model that for your specific business as well, okay?
 That's why I keep playing the game. So I keep sharing and I hope you guys don't mind
 I'm gonna keep on talking until I can't talk anymore because I love this stuff
 I love seeing the aha's that you guys have okay
 I remember when I first got into this game at 18 18 19 years ago now and I was a I was a young kid
 I was wrestling a boys estate university and I was learning about this stuff
 This is before webinars. I've been back then people to tell us seminars
 And so I would get the teleseminar recording
 I had this little tape recorder that I got a radio shack and I would go hook up to my phone system
 I click record and tape these teleseminars onto cassette tapes
 Right and then I because I was most of them and I was in school or different places
 I couldn't like listen to them live and I wanted to hear them over and over again
 So I tape them all these cassette tapes and then I'd go on wrestling trips and we'd be in these these vans
 We have like eight 10 12-hour drives and these vans and I get these cassette tapes out
 These teleseminars are recorded of people teaching some of these concepts when I first learned them
 I remember listening in the tape listen to the car
 My headphones on and everyone else in the car is sleeping or listening to music
 I'm listening to these guys talk about these marketing principles
 And I remember just feeling like so alive and so excited on just like this is the most exciting thing in the world
 Okay, and for me like I've had a chance to discover these things
 I remember how excited I was my first learned them and I first applied them actually worked
 I was freaking out and so for me the closest thing I can get to that same excitement
 It's coming to you and sharing with Mike when I see your guys eyes lights up light up
 But you get that aha moment or one of those things are like oh for me
 It's like me I have a chance to relive it again through you guys
 And so that's what I love doing this was last while I love sharing these things and hopefully you guys feel that coming through for me
 Okay
 Do you notice by the way when I told you guys the story or my the framework practice frameworks how I started it by the way yesterday
 Right, I told you my story about how I learned or I earned it when I was on stage
 I was casting my pearls before swine. You know, so I told that story before I gave you this framework, okay?
 The process the patterns repeated over and over and over again, okay
 All right, so that said now we're going to jump into today
 Once again the goal today is for us to build out our very first funnel
 Okay, so I'm gonna talk about two core frameworks you have to understand and I'm gonna let you guys go
 Probably gonna go a little earlier today. We're gonna give you one page
 Which is gonna give you assignment. It's gonna walk through tactics and you're actually have a chance to build your funnel today
 I pretty built six funnels for you guys this weekend
 You can pick any of the six or download all of them
 You're gonna have them and it's gonna give you the framework. I'm gonna be giving you a new software tool the gym edwards
 Built for you guys. We're literally filling some blanks you click a button that grides all the copy for every single page here
 Inside your lead funnel, which is insanely cool and a bunch of other really cool things
 So that's what's happening and then tomorrow. We've got a special guest coming in
 It's gonna be I'm excited to introduce her season becoming we're talking about the emails you send out
 Okay, and so that'll be happening tomorrow and then on Friday
 We've noticed especially guests is actually flying here from Texas
 You sent me a picture of her at the airport and she's gonna teach you guys how to launch these funnels and start getting traffic coming in for free
 So it's gonna be the rest of the week's really fun and exciting. Okay, all right, but right now we're gonna dive into into
 Into building out your lead funnel now. I'm curious. How many guys here who are watching have had a chance to read
 Any of my books specifically the dot-com secrets book
 So dot-com secrets book is the first book I wrote this the hardbound version new updated hardbound version if you have the softbound
 It's good. This one's way better. I rewrote this from the ground up. I added
 I don't know I added like 40 or 50,000 new words this new frame works new things
 It's awesome
 But in this book this is the book that teaches the core fun fundamentals of funnel building
 You don't have a copy yet. You can get a free copy at dot-com secrets dot-com
 But this is a lot of time teach you guys say comes from his books if you want to go deeper into that
 Make sure you get a copy of the dot-com secrets book
 Okay
 Okay, so one of the principles I talked about a dot-com secrets book is this concept that I call the value ladder
 Okay, and so me hasn't heard me talk about this before but this is
 You'd be successful funnels and lead funnels and all of this if we're talking about you have to understand this core principle
 It's something so simple where you like get it. It changes everything. Okay, so if you look at this, I'm gonna draw two
 accesses
 And this thing okay over here. This is gonna be
 price
 This is gonna be value okay now you think about as the business owner
 You want to provide the most amount of value possible for people to come into your world, right?
 And so I think about that like if if somebody comes in like Russell I read your books
 This is really really cool. I want you to I want I want to like what's the best thing you can offer me like whatever
 It is I would give you whatever it takes
 I want you just to do this whole thing like what's the most value you can possibly offer me the highest amount of value, right?
 So for me if I was like provide you guys at home the most amount of value
 It would be basically I would pay for you to fly out here to my house
 We sit in a room for a week
 I would I figure out what your business is your product and I would go out and write the scripts for your for yourselves
 That I'd create your funnels. I drive traffic. I would do everything for you, right?
 I guess the most value I could offer right if I just did the whole thing for you
 I said if you think about it right the value would be insane to be clear up here
 But the problem is because it would take so much time and effort for me and for my staff my team
 If everything because that the price would also be high as well, right?
 And so this would be the scene this to be like the most value I could possibly
 Means you smile face. It's like the most value I could possibly give to you. Okay now honestly if I was to do something like that
 The reality because it's just how much time and effort would take me to provide that much value
 This is something that I would probably have to sell for at least a million dollars cash up front plus
 I'd say 40 to 60 percent of the company depending on how much I'm actually running long-term
 Okay, but that's how the most value I can possibly ride somebody okay
 Now it's funny you think about this if I was to walk up to you on the side of the street the very first day
 I'm like hey my name is Russell Brunson and I would love to build a funnel for you
 If you want to write me check for a million dollars plus give me 60 percent of your company
 I will do this for you. How many guys would be like that's awesome rust I'm gonna do it
 Right how many guys look at me like Russell you look like you're 11 years old
 You want a million dollars to build a funnel and then you want more than half my business makes no sense, right?
 Okay, the reason is because I've provided no value at this point. You have no context like is that a good deal or a bad?
 I don't even know right so traditionally in businesses
 We don't just go lead with our best thing because we haven't shown value to the to the people at first, right?
 So instead what we do is we come down here at the bottom of the value ladder
 We said okay. What's something I can do that provides value? It's not gonna cost a ton of money, right?
 I'm gonna do something right here
 Okay, so for me and for you this is like a lead funnel right give me your email address case the prices very much
 Give me your email address. I'm gonna give you this lead magnet
 Okay, and you're gonna get it you're gonna get some value from that lead magnet, right?
 And they get that and they're like oh my gosh, this is really good
 And what do we do as humans when we get value from something? What do we naturally want?
 Okay, if we get value from something or from somebody we naturally want more so if people come and get value at this level
 Like this is amazing. That's awesome. Say cool. The next thing it says though
 How can you get more value? Okay, and now you step them up your value ladder to the next thing
 It's gonna be a little bit more expensive. Okay, the price goes up
 But the value goes up as well. Okay, good case. This is like you buy one of my books my books are free plus shipping, right?
 So it's it's a you know ten dollars basically get my book the values the values
 Here but the prices low you get that you read the book like this is amazing one more right the inside for click fun
 I'm gonna come to our events and like naturally you start sending up
 Okay, so happens here if somebody gets value here they go to the to the next year boom the next year until eventually this
 Is not that expensive. Okay, I guarantee if I send email to my list they said hey
 I'm gonna be building out five people's funnels. It's a million dollars down and I want 50% your business
 I guarantee I get five people within 24 hours
 Okay, because there's people who've gone through this process with me who understand the value what I bring to table
 And that'd be a no-brainer. Okay, because they've been through this before
 Okay, you think about this. This is true in like all aspects of life
 Think about your significant other the first time you met him, right?
 Okay, if you came to like let's say you're gonna go on a date with a girl and you're like hey you are cute
 The most I can write if you aren't even married
 We're gonna have a bunch of kids and then grandkids is gonna be amazing right you said that to a girl or to a dude or whatever
 They'd be like you're crazy like this person is nuts, right?
 They're gonna freak out so that's not how you go approach somebody if you want to date them or whatever right you start down here
 And you say hey do you want to go on a date like okay?
 How's that work like we're gonna go out to dinner in a movie right the price is not high the value is not not the big
 Ideally going to date and then what happens is a date goes good and the person receives value like this was a great date
 Naturally I want more you say hey do I want a second date and they're like yeah, okay
 You want another day and eventually okay?
 There's a time when you come and say hey do you want to get married?
 I want to have kids with you and have a family and have grandkids someday
 We're all sudden that question is not this thing it freaks me out. It's like yes
 Of course and you receive you give me value every single step in this relationship. I want to continue that forever
 Okay, so it works in in relationships works in business works everywhere
 And so this may have to understand this is this is the what I call the value ladder
 Okay, and so this is what we're doing here inside the five-day lead challenge
 We're introducing people into our world here at the bottom the value ladder
 Okay, we're giving them something with the cost is is their email address
 It's not expensive give me an email I'm gonna give you this thing and if they get that first framework
 They get that first one page and they get that first lead magnet they go through and they're like oh my gosh
 This is amazing. I want more. I want to go on a second date. Okay. I'm gonna go the next step
 I want to take the next level. I want to do the next thing with you now
 I'll see you build this relationship people come over and over and over
 Okay, when I first launched my books and I started giving these things away for free
 It changed my entire business, right?
 I was doing a lot of stuff before but like when I gave people the thing that read it
 They got value then they wanted to go the next thing the next thing next thing and now we have clients to pay us
 $500,000 a year and beyond because the value provide every single step, okay, so that's where it goes now a couple of things
 Well, if you read the doc on secrets book I share like each tier in the value ladder
 There's different types of funnels associated with them, right? So this bottom tier
 Right here. We call these lead funnels
 I think there's three or four that I share in the book
 But the one that we're gonna be going through today is the most basic the most simple and it's a two-step lead funnel
 Okay, lead squeeze funnel. Okay, so that's the that's the first one this tier in the value ladder
 Typical we use what I call unboxing funnels
 My handwriting is horrible, but there's an unboxing funnels, okay?
 And earlier I told you guys about the one funnel way challenge the one funnel way challenge actually we spend all the time at this tier in the value ladder
 Okay, the sales funnel we build out is a type of unboxing funnel
 And that's what we do during the one funnel way challenge, okay
 The next tier up from here is what we call presentation funnels
 Tation funnels. This is where selling a little more expensive things
 This is doing a like a webinar or doing a product launch funnel things like that
 So there's different types of funnels to sell a higher ticket stuff and the top tier
 This is where something really expensive stuff. They're different high ticket funnels. They'll use as well
 Okay, and so again each tier the value out of there's different types of funnels we use okay
 But for this for this training for the five-day lead challenge
 We're spending all of our time folks that this tier the value ladder
 Generating leads okay, and again, there's a couple types of funnels that we build the most basic the most simple one
 It's just a two-step lead funnel, okay, so that's we're all gonna be creating today
 Okay, this is not complicated. It's not hard
 It's not frustrating you literally can create this today and be done if you create your lead magnet your one page
 You're yesterday you've got everything you need to have your funnel completely done completely finished and ready to rock and roll
 Okay, so that's what we're gonna be doing today for your homework time is actually building it out inside of click funnels
 Which is gonna be so much fun. I made a whole video showing you the process and walking you through it
 Okay, so again, that's the first framework. I want to teach you guys was the value ladder, okay
 So I'll write a value ladder here so you can remember
 There's the value ladder, okay, and again if you want to go deeper in this get more examples and case studies
 Doc on seekers book I share a bunch of different ones kept so that's the value ladder, okay, so now I want to go here
 We're gonna talk about this right here. We're gonna talk about the lead funnel so
 On day one I kind of told you guys a little bit about
 The double your dating funnel that I found when I first getting started when I was first trying to build a list right
 Where I've been pagan had the kiss test. He hasn't ever been showing you that was like step one
 Give me a melod just I'm gonna teach you the kiss test and on page two it gave you the kiss test
 That was the lead magnet, right?
 And so prior to that before like that was one of the first
 We call it squeeze page and I'll explain why here in a minute
 But from the very first squeeze pages I'd ever seen you know prior to that
 I learned about list building and the way that people built lists back then was different, okay?
 And I've been online doing this now for over 18 years, which is crazy
 So back when when I got started in this the game was different right?
 It was way hard
 This is before Facebook ads before YouTube before before my space right when I got started my space wasn't a thing yet
 In fact, you guys remember what the the social network was pre my space
 Okay, the OG's remember this was called friendster and we were trying to figure out how to use friendster to build lists
 But back then it was a little bit differently. So this is what the internet looked like back then okay
 People would have a website
 Okay, there's a website here and
 This is what my doodle of a website looks like okay
 All right
 So there's a website and if you remember this you would go to somebody's website right you go to Google or you go to Yahoo or
 Ask Jeeves or whatever was back back in the day and you go somewhere you show up this website and then what would happen?
 Do you remember this I'll give you it was like the most annoying thing on the planet. Okay, show up this website
 Like this is awesome. I'm reading the scene all of a sudden this thing was pop up
 And they call it uh what a pop up this pop up would come up and like
 Ah, my time's like congratulations you won you're the one million visitors our website put your email address down below to get a
 30% discount
 She's never seen these and so it's like this thing like put your email address in
 and click submit you know and and you win so that was kind of what these these pop ups were okay and
 The people that I knew that was learning from initially this is how they're making their money
 This how they're building the list they would go and they would do pop ups so they drive traffic a site and they get a pop up
 Okay, and people put the email address and they started building a list. Okay, and it was interesting and then
 Then what started happening. I love the history of this
 Then I remember for me. I was like why don't have a website had a bunch of traffic to it like how do I I want pop ups
 And so there were these these pop up advertising networks. We could go in and say okay
 Here's my pop up
 I wanted to show up on a thousand sites or a million sites or whatever you put in how many impressions you wanted
 So somebody would go to a random site and because I paid for it my pop up would pop up and then pop up like hey
 Congratulations, thanks for coming to this to the website put your email address in down below for this free report for this free lead magnet, right?
 And so for a while I was doing was awesome. I was going I was paying in this these networks
 I was paying money have my pop up show up on all these websites around the internet and I started building less
 I think this is so cool with anything what happened
 Okay, it started getting more annoying because what happened is that these advertisers would be like well
 If I can sell one pop up for like 30 cents, what if I sold three or ten or twelve now?
 He has members you go to website all seem like pop up pop up pop up. I four five pop up pop up
 You're like what's happening to my computer?
 I'll freak it out right internet explores crashing. This is whole nightmare
 Right and so I got more and more annoying to point where like internet explore and the browser like this is done
 Let's just block all pop ups and instantly overnight
 They create these things called pop up blockers. They would block all these pop ups and boom they're gone now
 for those who
 Most of you guys were probably in the spot at a time in your life
 I think heavens the pop ups are gone
 But on the other side the marketers like me who are building huge list of millions of people off these pop ups
 start freaking out like our our lead source is gone
 It just dried up it disappeared overnight, right?
 They're freaking out and we're freaking out like what do we do?
 Okay, a lot of people thought it was the end of the internet as we know it right and then there were some really smart people
 And I don't know who it was initially, but someone said what if we take this this model?
 Someone comes to website and this thing pops up when we get their email address. What if we flip it around?
 And we're like, what are you talking about? So cool. What if what if we did this? What if the first thing people see?
 Instead is this page that says
 Hey, here's the the free
 Report to put in your name in your email address, right?
 And then it clicks submit and then it takes them to the actual
 website
 Right, that was that that was the premise and so instead of driving people to the website having a pop up
 We would drive them directly to the pop up
 I remember people like this was like the debate and all the marketing forums back and they're like no
 You can't do that you're an idiot because then nobody was actually gonna see your website people like yeah
 But then I can't get emails
 I can't follow up with people and no one's buying at fault them a bunch of times before they're willing to buy
 I'm not at all sorts of stuff like that
 And so this was the controversy okay and about this time
 There's a couple people started testing it one of them was Evan pagan okay the guy on double your dating
 This is where he's still came he tried this boom freak give me your email address
 I'm gonna give you the free kiss test people the email I just think over here
 We're in the kiss test got value and then the bottom page sold in the Z book boom blew it up in 20 million all your business
 Okay, then other people start doing other people start doing I was like oh my gosh
 This actually works okay, and think about the metrics on this what would happen?
 Let's say you had a hundred actually
 Let's go this way
 Okay, let's say over here. Let's say you had a hundred visitors come to your website right hundred visitors come
 So a hundred times as pop up came up maybe you got like 20% of people to put their email address in here right?
 So you're a hundred percent people saw your website only 20%
 Join your list okay
 Now you flip over here what would happen is you send those same hundred people
 Then come over here and from here you get anywhere from who knows to let's say 20% against the 20% of people
 Give you their email address right then only 20% of people actually ever see your site
 And see like this is not gonna work because you have one fifth as much traffic actually sees your site
 Okay, what they didn't realize is and this is what made the whole thing work
 Is that these 20% of people then gave you the email address right now the email address and you could go out here you can send an email
 Okay, it's like again 20% see that and you send email to 20% and you remind them about the thing
 They said another email and you send it remind them
 And you send another email and you can send three or four emails push people back to this thing
 And you can follow up with them and they found at the time
 I don't know if the numbers are the same or not but at the time
 It took someone on average seven times seeing your website before they were willing to buy
 So what was happening the past you drive pay for that is when it's coming here pay for and after seven times
 And see now that they buy we're now happy to pay for them once they join your list
 And you send an email one two three four by email seven a huge percentage have bought the thing
 But now you have them on your list
 Right now you have them on your list now. What do you do with that list? Okay, well
 You have them on your list now
 You come back to your value layers to get there on my list now
 It's not seven or even you know five six emails someone bought my very first product. What's the next thing I sell?
 Oh, I can sell this. Oh, I can sell this and all of a sudden
 They had the ability to now generate their own traffic. They have their own leads
 They own traffic now. They don't always have to go to Facebook or to Google and YouTube buying new leads
 Right they own the list they can say I want to send the list over there and send you know boom the list shows up there
 I want to send over your boom and they can just send it to different places
 Okay, we have this idea for the five-day lead challenge like two or three weeks ago
 I was like I'm gonna do the thing with a little squeeze page, right?
 So hey opt into this page. I sent emails to my list and 35,000 of you came and opted in
 I didn't pay Zuckerberg for that list. I had to pay the big that came because I own that traffic right I control
 I can send it to different places. Okay, and so it changed the dynamics of people's businesses
 All right, so you come back here
 Yeah, maybe only 20% people give you email address
 But now it's what I'm saying you can follow up you close a higher percentage and when all send done by at the end
 The day you actually end up making more money. Okay, and that was the power now
 The cool thing on the internet internet's actually gotten cooler since back in the day because now you can have these things called retargeting ads
 We're not gonna go deep into this
 But you see as before you can put a retargeting pixel on this page someone comes and 20% give you the email out
 Just 80% leave so 80% of people like leave right like oh, they're gone
 but Facebook
 And YouTube and Google allow you follow those people around and keep pushing them back
 You keep pushing them back till you get higher percentage people look actually come and put their email address in
 Okay, that's outside of context
 We're talking about it now, but it's pretty cool because retargeting has given us the ability to the people who bounce and leave to keep getting
 Them keep coming back and keep pushing them into your funnels. Okay, so that is what
 A lead squeezes we call this a squeeze page because traffic's coming and you're squeezing the email address out
 And then you're giving them value and if they receive value this step in the tier right from your lead magnet
 This is amazing. I want more than they naturally want to ascend up the value ladder. Okay people that came into double your dating
 They came for the kiss test. They read this kiss test like this is amazing
 They read down like what else does this person have I want more value?
 I want to go on a second date with them right and at the end of the end of the kiss test
 Right what would happen off for me said? Okay? Well, you either kiss test
 I've got the ebook called double your dating from 97 bucks or buy the ebook
 You're like heck yeah, they bought the ebook boom right then people run the ebook like this is amazing a bunch of cool stuff
 That happens like cool fact the ebook guess what I've got a live event where we teach men how to do this in in life
 Okay, it's live events and you know X amount of dollars and they've come people come to the event not everyone
 Okay, but a big percentage people who got value this step one of the next step and then live things like
 Oh, by the way, these mentoring coaching programs boom particular next step. Okay, and that's how this game is played
 Okay, now for you all you guys are gonna think about it's a little bit different like what is your business look like?
 Like what's my value ladder like y'all have to kind of figure out what's gonna be cuz everyone's different right?
 I remember when my wife and I first got married. I had not had dental insurance for
 Man, probably five or six years. I got married my parents cut me off like you're in dope now good luck
 So I had no dental insurance to couldn't afford it fast forward like six years later. My business is running
 I have a couple employees my employees come to me like hey Russell since I work for you
 Can I get benefits and I put in context? I'd never actually had a job before I
 Was wrestling so I never you know, I never had jobs
 So I had a couple employees like Russell can you benefit someone like what does that mean like you know benefits when you pay for stuff for
 So I'm like I pay your salary like no no like like dental insurance and health insurance sounds like
 Is this really a really thing? I never heard that before right? Yeah, it really is okay
 so I went and we figured out how to get benefits for our employees and
 We got dental insurance right and so I'm like sweet
 I'm in a dentist in six years like I should go to Dennis and about that time I get in the mail a lead magnet
 I got this thing in the mail to yellow postcard and said hey
 There's a new you know, we're new dentists in town
 If you wanted if you want you can come into to our office and get a free teeth cleaning and my wife and I like sweet
 We haven't cleaned our teeth in six years outside of our own brushing. Let's go boom. There's a lead magnet, right?
 Okay, so we call the dentist like hey we got this cute this big old yellow postcard in the mail cooking their teeth clean
 Like sure it's free come on in so we come on in right boom. I get the lead magnet the dentist or the tight
 Genes in there all working on my teeth cleaning my teeth providing what?
 Providing value and like getting my teeth clean and and do all sorts of stuff
 The dentist comes afterwards looking to like cool your teeth are clean
 I sent a question for you like are you a smoker drink coffee or something? I was like what?
 No, I'm not a smoker. No, I don't drink coffee either
 Like why would you ask? They said oh well your teeth are kind of just like kind of yellow
 I don't know if you notice another because I turned kind of yell
 I soon maybe drink coffee or smoke or something like no like no, I don't do any of that stuff
 He's like oh well if you want he's like I can I can provide you more value
 He can say that but I can give you a teeth whitening kit
 We can start whitening your teeth at home that way it goes from yellow back to white
 I was like are you kidding me? Yes, please do that is like cool
 Let me get you fitted for some for some teeth whitening kit you fit in my teeth whitening kit
 I was like thank you so much and so I get that right so we provide more value and I had to pay for that, right?
 And then why while he's doing more stuff. He's like um by the way, did you just have braces when you're young?
 I was like, yeah, why he's like oh I can tell because your teeth are re-crowding and a lot of happens
 You get braces off over years and your teeth kind of re-crowd I'm like you seriously like yeah
 I don't look bad, but they are definitely like shifting around I was like are you kidding me like?
 Why I don't want to cook your teeth like what do I do?
 He's like well if you want we can build a retainer for you
 Which will help keep your teeth in place or you can do in vislimes and helping you in the real line and I was like, yes
 Please right and so he did what he provided more value to me
 Right and so he's got going through this thing
 So by time what was done I got done with this experience to the dentist
 I leave I write him a check for like two or three thousand dollars now. Am I angry about the experience? No
 Why he brought me into sing for free. I got value like this is amazing
 I got free tea claims amazing. He's like hey I can provide more value. I can make your teeth wide
 I'm like sweet make them white because I can write more value and keep your teeth straight
 I'm like sweet right and there's other he could have offered cosmetic dentistry whatever the thing was right
 But he had his own value ladder. That's why he made money off me
 And then the next day my wife came in she got her teeth clean and she left the three or two or three thousand dollar check and the process worked
 Right every business has a value ladder if you don't have a business a value ladder yet
 You're probably not in a very good business. Okay, your job is if you're like, what's the process where you're taking people through?
 Okay, now again
 That's kind of outside the context of the five-day challenge because our goal in the five-day challenge is this
 How do we dominate this how do we create so much value people like this is amazing
 This one page of this framework has changed my life. This is awesome. I got this thing a lot more
 Okay, like I said in the one funnel way challenge we're starting on Monday. We're gonna go deep into this
 Right, how do you create this sales funnel?
 So after you see value they're ready to like get in there like
 Have a whole burning the pocket. I want to give you money like what's the next step?
 You can be like oh here's the next step and push them to the next funnel
 Okay, I wish I could spend like eight hours they go and deepen that but that's what uh the one funnel way challenges
 That we're starting on Monday live just like this. So um anyway
 Does that make sense? So those are two frameworks I want to share with you yesterday
 Okay, the value ladder and understanding a very basic very simple two-step lead funnel
 Okay, one of the most basic types of funnels to generate leads, okay?
 All right, so I'm gonna show you guys
 What the game plan is
 Now that you have
 Your lead magnet
 Today's assignment is we're gonna be building out the most basic most simple funnel it's a two-step funnel
 Okay on this page in the funnel you are going to give people
 Your actual lead magnet, okay? The thing you created yesterday you're gonna give it to them
 They're coming here. That's gonna be a big button says download and they're gonna download your one pager, right?
 You can tell them. Thank you. They call this a thank you page
 Okay to say thank you. Thank you so much for giving me email address. Here's where you can download the lead magnet
 I just promised you okay. This is the thank you page
 Okay, this page right here is what we call a squeeze page
 Okay, squeeze pages are very simple. They're very basic the most easiest page in the world
 Okay, most of my squeeze pages take me less than five minutes to build
 Okay, I built six of them for you that I'm giving you on the one page you have a chance to see me in a minute
 Okay, basically what what a squeeze page is there's typically a headline
 Maybe a sub headline a picture of your one pager and then spot for them to put in their email address
 And click submit that's it
 We most simple things in the world. Now sometimes like facebook they want you to have longer pages
 Okay, if you do use ads more bullet points down below with more context of what they're going to learn about in your one pager
 But that's your squeeze page squeeze page. Thank you page two pages most simple funnel on the planet
 You can literally create it in five to ten minutes. Okay, and so that's what we're gonna be creating today
 It's gonna be a lot of fun now a couple of things
 Okay, the tool that creates these funnels
 If you know me at all if you listen to me anything i've said in the last six years
 You've probably heard of click funnels. Okay, click funnels is my company. It's the tool. It's the tool that builds funnels
 We have over 120 000 active members who use it. Okay, a lot of you guys should hear already have click funnels accounts
 If you don't yet, I'm gonna give you guys a 14 day trial to use it today
 So you can build out this funnel so you can have your very first lead squeeze funnel. Okay, that's number one
 Number two my one of my business partner jim ad which creates some really cool software that we can give you for free today as well
 You're gonna go in here and you're gonna take information about who is your dream customer, right?
 We talked about your dream customer yesterday who's your dream customer?
 He's asked you a whole bunch of questions about that and give you brainstorming
 Who's my dream customer?
 What do they care about and you fill out this form when you fill out the form then you're gonna
 Uh, there's two or three forms you're gonna fill out your fill one by dream customer about
 Uh things like that and then you click a button and what it's gonna do is it's actually gonna write all these things
 It's gonna write the headlines can write the sub headlines can write all these different bullet points
 It's gonna write the copy that goes right here is gonna write all that stuff for you
 You fill out a form you click submit writes it all for you then you literally just copy it paste it copy paste copy paste copy paste
 And now you've got a funnel that's set up and ready to convert people and they show up
 Okay, okay, uh, this is called copy the words on the page
 I call copy copies of the units people to do something you can do and you can guess and try write good copy
 But the software that's been built for you is gonna make this copy super easy to do
 It's high converting he took like the best headlines from now all time
 Right over the last like hundred years found the best highest converting headlines and you reverse engineer it in the software
 So you tell him your product and it'll pop out like here's a hundred headlines
 Based on the highest converting headlines in the history of the world and you take those and they oh
 This will work so you get from my landing page and you can tweak it around you can change them
 But it's powerful. Okay, so you don't have to guess and think what what's gonna work
 Like he's gonna the the software is gonna write copy that's gonna work for you out of the gate
 And we're giving that to for free for being here
 So that's the gift we wanted to give you guys because it's gonna make this process simpler
 Okay
 And so today's assignment like I said if yesterday if you did your assignment, it means you already have
 Oops
 You already have the lead magnet done. So today we're gonna build the two pages
 We're gonna put the copy in we're gonna plug the lead magnet on the download button
 And then you're gonna be you're gonna be finished. Okay, it shouldn't take that long
 It's your first time of click phones. I think you a little bit of time
 But there's a video of me walking through every single step in the process. It's not gonna be hard
 Okay, tomorrow what we're gonna be doing is after somebody gives you the email address, right?
 Now we have these emails that go out
 Right
 The question is what do we say on these emails? Okay, there's actually six emails we sent out initially
 Okay, 16 most to build relationship people and get them to buy their next thing in your value ladder
 Okay, so tomorrow I have a special gashyotta golden's gonna be coming and talking about what stainless six emails
 We also built software for you. We fill in the form you click the button
 You know pre-writing six emails for you and then you plug those in a click phone
 So that's happening tomorrow. It's gonna be really really cool
 But for today, this we're doing these two pages. Okay, all right. I'm gonna have my team pull up one page or something
 So we're gonna hear this is the one page I'm giving you guys today
 Oh, do we love one pages that are like the most exciting thing in the world number one
 You notice the very top it here. It says scroll back up at the very top
 It says your next challenge or do you choose except it starts soon one final weight 30 eight challenge
 If you want to join the live challenge it starts monday
 Okay, this is a 38 challenge. We're gonna go through and build out your actual sales funnel the second tier in the value ladder
 Click on that button sign up. This is not the five day challenge has been free
 The one final weight challenge is a hundred bucks. Okay, so if you want to go the next step with me if you receive value here
 So far I'm gonna go next to your Russell's value ladder to figure out a bill out my next tier my value ladder
 Click on that link and join the challenge. Okay, you don't have to but that's there if you're looking for it
 Okay, this video right here now
 This is a 32 minute video of me teaching or showing the actual tactics
 Okay, this would be literally going to click funnels and doing it and then going to gym software and doing it
 So you'll see me at my house hanging out with you doing your assignments
 You have like houses for across some confused watch the video. I do the assignment with you
 Just pause it copy me
 Play pause play pause and just do it with me. Okay, as you scroll down here
 See there's the the um, what the the landing page looks like we're gonna be building
 Here you get your click funnels for today trial
 Here's where we get the funnel scripts light tool that's gonna write all the copy for you
 And then these are six different templates. I built out for you. Okay, um, so there's six six uh, uh,
 landing page templates are amazing this first one right here
 This is the landing page template that's been the highest converting one for me
 Um, I show you in the video, but literally um that template there
 Um, over the last year's got me over 250,000 leads
 Um, and I gave you that one as well a bunch a bunch of other really cool ones there
 So the you can pick which one of those six templates you want to use
 You click on the button it copies into your click funnels account and you can edit it
 Okay, so number three click on this little video me and Jim you click on that video
 It'll take you to a page that gives you the software it shows you how to use it
 You're gonna fill in that software click in the blanks click submit and write all the copy for you
 Okay, let's go back to the one pager
 Oh, we just lost it
 So you again the software you filled out it'll write all the copy
 And then we can get back to the one pager here. Hopefully
 You close the back buttons. We can't get back. There we go. I'll open a new window. There you go. Okay, um
 Uh, you take the copy from from Jim software you can plug it into click funnels page
 And then just go through basically go through the to do this after you finish the to do this everything will be done
 Oh step number three the other cool thing is remember I told you here typically I have um
 I have a picture of my e-cover for the thing that the lead magnet they're getting
 Okay, if you want uh inside of one page
 It's actually a really cool tool that'll build you out an actual e-cover
 You fill in some blanks click up buttons and boom it creates an e-cover that you can then put on your thank you or on your
 On your squeeze page here or else give you two other resources of places you can get e-covers design
 Okay, I'm not a designer. I don't have to design things
 So you can either create it for free inside of one pager
 Or you can use some other resources like one it's called funnel rolodex funnel rolodex is the marketplace of funnel builders and designers
 Who can design these things for you? Okay, if you like I don't want to do a funnel ruffle
 I'm scared to death you go to funnel rolodex and there's there's again programmers designers
 Or you can hire to build your funnels for you. There's also people can do the e-cover for you there as well
 Okay, there's other resources as well, but all the steps on the one pager
 Um, this is our gift to you so scroll back at the top
 Again, we get the one page your first thing is watch this video
 It's gonna show you the assignment and then go through the assignment by time you're done
 You will have your lead funnel done and ready to rock it roll. Okay, these two pieces will be done
 You'll be prepared for tomorrow because tomorrow we're gonna be building out the seek email sequence plugging it in
 And when that's done then friday we're gonna be dumping tons of traffic into this thing
 And your first set of leads will be coming through and uh, it's gonna be fun
 So, uh, with that said my team's gonna put the link down below this so we can get today's one pager
 Okay, again five day lead challenge calm slash click funnels. There's gonna take you directly or automatically trick you this page
 Save the page and now you have it inside your one pager account and you can go to the homework assignment and uh and all the other things involved
 That's like fun you guys
 Having so much fun these hope you guys are enjoying today's training and all these training so far
 I'm super grateful
 First off I have the platform people share this with you guys
 Like I said, it means the world me watching you guys have the aha moments like the very first time like I still remember
 Experiencing a lot of these ahas myself and I love giving them to you. So hopefully that's my ha moments
 Um, and now it's just doing the actual work and it works not hard luckily. Okay, we started the most simple funnel a two step funnel
 It's very simple. It's very easy. I give you templates. We give you software to build right the copy
 We give you software to build out the the the e-covers all the things you need again
 It's all on the one pager down below so go to five daily challenge calm slash click funnels
 It'll take you to this one pager save it in your account watch the video do the assignment and then we'll be meeting back here tomorrow
 Same time same place to hear email sequences written out
 And plugged in and um, you know one step closer to the finish line
 So that said you guys thanks again so much get the one pager down below and I will see you guys tomorrow. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsletter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from dan kenny and one from me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsletter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
