 What's up everybody good morning. This is Russell Brunson and welcome you back to the marketing secrets podcast today
 We're gonna talk about curation secrets
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, I start by kids off of school and I've been thinking about this for the last
 a couple months I keep thinking about doing a podcast about it and then I
 Struggle I can never remember the word curate. I always forget that word. So much idea. I'm like, oh, what's that word?
 What's the what's the word? It starts to see?
 Anyway, but I remember this morning. So you're getting a podcast. I hope you're okay with that
 So I want to talk about curation like that word curate
 Because I think that the future people always ask me. What's the future? What's gonna be the big thing in 20?
 You're reading 20 for anyone so a 20 22. What's the big thing and what's it? What's the future and like?
 It's interesting because I I honestly believe believe the future for all people like us for businesses for brands for influencers for whatever you want to call yourself
 is really understanding and mastering curation and
 From a lot of different angles and directions like I come back and I look at like
 Like what I've done over the last 20 years of my business, right?
 People always ask like what are you are you an author or an entrepreneur or speaker or whatever?
 I'm like when I'll send that if I really look at it if I'm completely honest myself
 Like I'm a curator like that's what I do. I curate ideas right I go and I find
 The best ideas in the world and I curate them together and then I give them to my audience
 Like you think about dot com secrets experts secrets traffic secrets. What are those books those books are me spending 20 years my life
 Curating ideas, right? I go on a red hundreds of hundreds
 Maybe even thousands of those point of books and courses and podcasts and audios and I go and I take these principles these these things
 And I test them and I try them and I try figure out what's gonna work and from all of the stuff all the learning the ideas the
 Everything I take all these things and I curate them into a way that I can then get my audience, right?
 And so for me the curation initially all happened through my books and here's dot com secrets
 It's my curation of everything I've learned and experimented and tested on sales funnels
 And it's interesting though because notice like
 For most part there are definitely things in the in all my books that are that are my thoughts
 But for the most part, it's like I took a framework of other people's thoughts ideas
 And I tested tried all sorts of stuff and from the curation, you know from the testing listings out came out pop my frameworks
 In fact, I was talking to this guy that goes to church me yesterday about this
 And he asked like how do you develop your frameworks?
 And at first I didn't know how to answer and I was like well, it's kind of it's kind of like I
 Try to take the best from everybody, right?
 And it's kind of like grabbing sand and I throw in this big sifter, right?
 I'm sifting it out and I'm taking every principle
 I'm sifting it and and all the sand falling out and what's left behind is
 Like the truth the principles the core the core
 Philosophies right is that that are actual truth and from there is where I build out these frameworks
 And I think for all of us is kind of similar right like
 Like we're going out there. We're studying. We're learning. We're testing
 We're trying we're figuring things out whenever business whatever market whatever thing you're doing and then from that your frameworks kind of
 Up here, right? They arise from the top after you're sifting and sorting through through all the all the things that being put out there
 And you're taking it back to your audience here say I share like here's here's the things that are working
 Here's what I figured out and so you're curating ideas
 and so
 It's interesting because I I started thinking about that and I was actually talking to Dan usher on my team and
 Dan
 Sorry, I'm turning left here make sure I don't get by car. Oh my podcast. All right, we're good. Anyway, so Dan
 I was talking about that. I was like I had this big realization that my role like I'm a curator like a curate ideas, right and
 And then Dan kind of helped take it next level. He talked about his favorites his favorite artists his Rufus, right? And so Rufus is
 I think that's something only with the band. I'm probably messing it up
 But anyway, those know this artist like that's a band or an artist whatever right and Dan loves this person
 Follows them listens all his things. He's one of his thousand true fans right buys all the CDs merch everything
 But was interesting he says that the Rufus this this band that they go and they curate things
 So it's like these are our favorite art. This is our favorite things is our favorite
 And so Dan just recently moved from Canada to Boise about his very first house
 He's renting his first house that you know and when he's like I have his house. I gotta buy furniture
 I gotta buy
 paintings or pictures and all stuff. He didn't go and try to figure like well, what's my taste?
 What's my style? He said, okay, I trust Rufus Rufus is my favorite band, but I also trust their style
 I trust their design and he went and he found stuff that these guys had already curated like here's the best pictures
 Here's the best furniture here's all these things and he just bought what these guys recommended
 They curated he trusted this this person this band this this person that he trusted as a curator
 Right because he got the best music
 It's got the best taste got the best everything and he just took that and went and and pimped out his entire apartment with Rufus stuff, right?
 Not it was the Rufus's things but things that they had said or these are our favorite items, right?
 And based that person curated things together and start thinking about this like in our world
 Like when you start your own company, you're start your own brand right like people come in for a thing people come in my world because they
 Because they want to build funnels, but then they get to know me they build personnel or they build
 Connection with me as a person they start seeing all these other things that I do right and it's interesting because the questions
 I get most of the time nowadays even in like my inner circle people paying 50 grand a year to be in this inner circle
 And I open up for Q&A is my questions you have the questions are rarely ever about marketing
 They're about all these other areas of my life, right? They're like how do you how do you do this things with your family?
 How do you able to keep balance with your family and your business and your religion all these kind of things?
 I have a lot of people ask about my religion like how do you like I want to understand your faith more
 I have a lot of people ask me about my supplements, right?
 Like how are you so good shape? How like what supplements take? How do you eat like what you're eating protocol protocols, right?
 Which are morning routine like people are asking all these other things that they came to me for funnel building, right?
 But then they trust my opinion and now they're asking my like what I think about all these other things and so obviously
 I haven't at this point done that but if I were to go curate a book on my supplement routines or curate a product on my
 eating or my religion or my
 Personal development beliefs are all these different things because they came in and they're connected with me
 Just like Dan is connected these to these artists because he loves their music, but because he trusts them likes knows and trusts them
 He's looking at the curation of all the things that they offer they talk about and he's diving into all those things
 and I really think that's the future for
 For all of us who are artists who are influencers who are you know creators experts
 Whatever you want to call yourself is people are gonna come in for your core expertise, but then they're they're leaning on you to curate
 Concepts and principles and ideas and all aspects of their life
 And so this kind of leads me to
 Honestly, like what I flake is my the next phase of my own personal mission
 I haven't talked a ton about this publicly yet because it's still
 Happening a couple places I've talked about a seed mayor made out of her to this but
 One of the big projects I'm doing right now is I'm actually building next door to the ClickFunnels HQ office a library
 A 20,000 square foot library and people like why are you building a library that makes no sense this like you're gonna give people library cards like no
 no and
 Building this library curated with the the books and then things that mean the most to me and I've had this weird like
 This weird feeling where I keep getting drawn to these people who have who have died who have read amazing books
 in the personal development in the advertising space and so in fact recently I went out and I spent
 multiple seven figures
 acquiring Napoleon Hill a huge and poignant Hill estate with a whole bunch of first edition
 copies of a whole bunch of stuff he's done
 over 250 pages of stuff that he
 From his typewriter he hand typed and then like wrote his notes on and never got published a bunch of books that he wrote
 They never got published like all these these things I bought and I've I've collected them now and
 Old magazines and all these things from Napoleon Hill, but also Del Carnegie and also
 Orson
 Orson Sweet who's the guy who started success magazine as well as his mentor and other and like I'm going down this rabbit hole
 literally
 Traveling the world acquiring these old things
 I've spent insane amounts money in the last 45 days on eBay
 Acquiring all these books things and I'm getting all of the best the best all of these
 the best personal development books the old advertisers the old business people like
 And I'm collecting all their stuff so I can start going through them and studying him and then curating them
 And putting them back together and something that I can then give back to my audience
 I'm like, okay, you know, I was able to go deep for the last two years on all of these you know
 the personal development from the early 1800s till now and go through all the thoughts all the philosophies all the things and from the
 using that test in my own life in my
 Life of people that I've had a chance to work close with these are the things that rose to the top, right?
 I know I'm going through the process of taking all of the sand right like literally I would say
 conservatively I've bought a
 thousand books in the last
 Man the last 60 days from people who have passed on
 In the personal development space and I'm taking this this is the sand right and I'm gonna be going through all this material and sifting
 it out and sorting it and and letting the sand kind of fall out and seeing like what are the nuggets that are left behind the things that are
 Universal principles that are that are true today tomorrow and forever that can then take and turn into frameworks
 I can then give back to you guys so my job is you know
 In fact, I heard I heard a rich chef and say this one time said my my job my role is to think for a lot of other people
 I feel like I'm the same way like you could have gone and read the you know the 300 400 different marketing books
 You know gone through 10 15 years of testing and trial
 aside from the masterminds the courses that I
 Listen to all the podcasts all the things I did over the last 20 years
 you can go do that and go figure it out or
 You can trust me if you trust me trust me to curate together say boom here's dot-com secrets
 Here's expert secrets. Here's traffic. So he's the core things you need to go
 No, right and for me. It's the same thing like you can go and spend
 Multiple seven figures on eBay buying every old book on these topics and go through them and study them and test them and try them
 Or you can come back to me as a curator and say look I trust you Russell and I can say cool
 Here's of all the stuff I went through after I sifting and sorting these are the things that rose to the top
 Here's a framework side developed. Let me give these back to you now
 You know, I know I'm doing the thing you and Dan Kennedy's coming about Dan Kennedy's coming
 I've 40 years of intellectual property. I literally have hard drives with insane amounts of stuff on it
 I'm going through there right now and I'm sifting and I'm sorting and I'm curating and bringing the best stuff out
 So I can come back to you guys and like boom. Here's the here's the stuff
 and
 For me so far has been so exciting. I'm having the time of my life doing it
 But that's my role is I'm a curator and eventually I'll curate stuff on my health beliefs
 I'll curate stuff on my religious beliefs. I'll curate things
 You know all these things so that when you come into me and you connect with me as an influencer or an expert or everyone
 Call me
 That you'll come for for one thing
 But then if you know if you like the way that live my life if you like the things I'm doing you're probably look for other things
 Like well, what else does he have what else does he recommend?
 What are the things that have given him the biggest impact that I want those things as well?
 And so I'm sure that because that's what I'm realizing in my life is that that's my role as I'm a curator
 But I wanted also for you guys to realize that you're probably a curator as well
 You probably never looked at it that way, but you're curating ideas concepts principles and you're sharing them with your audience, right?
 And the better you become at this the the
 The more talented you are taking these ideas and simplifying them for your audience
 I think about this like I read all these books
 So I'll send some masterminds and from there
 I wrote the dot-com seekers book which simplified all these principles right and then from there we created software that simplified it even
 Step further like our role is to take these
 These principles and simplify them simplify them simplify them and whoever can make them the most simple will be the person in the market
 It makes the most money. So your job is to curate ideas simplify them
 If you can turn them into software, so that's one of the best ways to make money off anything
 But it's the curation process and then giving them back and like boom
 Here's the most simple version of all this stuff
 I did other work for you have curated I've simplified it and I'm giving it back to you in a format that you can actually take and apply
 And you're gonna get you know a thousand years worth of worth of thought and
 effort and work and you can get it all in this in this book or this course or this software
 River it is that however you curate your stuff and bring it back to the market. So I hope that that helps you guys kind of look at
 Your business and what you do and your role a little bit differently
 I don't for me it has it's got me really excited. I'm like, okay
 This is my role on the curator
 I mean I'm getting paid to think for a lot of people therefore
 I need to put in the time and the energy of the effort to go and find these things to put them together
 And someday just you know this library and building is gonna be amazing because you'll walk in and the library is sectioned off based on the things
 I'm passionate about right?
 So there's definitely going to be a religion section and then in there under glass like like you know, bullet
 bulleted glass fireproof glass will be
 All the first editions of some of the most amazing religious books that I've had a chance to purchase in last year
 So and then you go to personal development section
 They'll be like here's all of the personal books I've acquired like the first edition printings under glass and behind it will be all the physical
 versions of all of the books, but they'll be like yeah, and then sending in business and advertising same thing in
 Yeah, all the areas my life. I'm passionate about I'm again
 Inquiring all the first editions copies of these different books
 Depending on the glass and then also just tons of copies of all the other ones
 And so when someone comes in there like I want to go deep with Russell's like cool
 Here's the section library. We talk about this
 You know, you can go you can find the actual things you can study me can learn them and then or here's Russell's curated version of like
 Here's the book or the course or the thing that gives you the simplified version of it
 So anyway, I'm excited. I'm geeking out. Hope you are as well
 Hopefully that by me recording this episode. I can remember the word curate because I always forget that word
 But that is the role that we are doing and the better you get at this again
 People come in because they want to listen to your music, but then they're gonna buy things based on your style of
 furniture and you know pictures on the wall or
 You know in the example of Dan and and his favorite artist Rufus or with me
 They come in for marketing advice, but then hopefully here in the near future
 I get personal advice health advice health advice and other things I am passionate about like you get a level bit
 I think most people aren't able to so anyway, it's exciting. I'm gonna carry something today for you
 I hope you do as well. Thanks for everything guys, and I will talk to you soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now
 At no BS letter.com. Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand-delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
