 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I want you to talk about a topic. There's actually very very important and
 That topic is why marvel is so much better than DC and why that should actually matter to you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out
 To the world and yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, I know
 Some you guys are freaking out right now you're like no, there's no way marvel is not better than DC
 That man's the coolest and you're on and on so I wanted to take step back because it's something we actually can all learn from this
 Which I think is really really important. It's funny because I didn't I didn't know the whole marvel DC
 You know the the storyline a long time ago in fact wasn't until I
 Started listening to business wars and business wars is a really cool podcast that they pay two different companies
 And they they you know over fires the episodes tell the story of the war between these two businesses
 And there's all sorts of really cool business in there
 But one of them was DC versus Marvel's I was like oh, it's cool
 So I started listening to it right it realized the time was just
 Like the story behind how those two companies came about
 In fact, it's kind of fun. I had Dave Woodward at fun hacking lab
 I was like Dave talk about this I want to talk about DC versus Marvel and like the storytelling all those kind of things
 He did a really cool presentation on that actually dressed as Captain America, which was amazing
 I feel bad. He was carrying all this huge
 You know his shield and a mask and everything was trying to give a presentation on stage
 And I was like it's gonna be hard to breathe up there
 He did an amazing job
 But I want to share with you guys because I think it's interesting and I live you know in the last recent months
 binge watch to all the Marvel movies once again
 I start thinking more and more about it
 But it's interesting like if you look at the history of it so DC came out first
 They were like the big comic book company, right?
 If you look at comic books, they're always these people that had supernatural powers right like Superman and things like that
 Right where they were just like they were they were superheroes extra trust drills or whatever when they had these superpowers
 And they always did gigs people like oh, that'd be cool if I could be a superhero too like
 Anyway, they did well and Marvel was competing and Marvel struggled for a long time
 And then it wasn't until this one dude who I believe that I think he was a janitor at the time and he he wanted to write comic books
 But he anyway, I think
 It's been a while since I listened to business war episode
 But basically what happened is and I might be you know some of the details might be for fuzzy or incorrect
 But basically he was leaving he was going into quit. He's like hey
 I'm quitting I don't be the janitor anymore and they're like why are you leaving?
 I want to write and they will try to write something and that was Stanley and so they he went and he wrote and I believe the first one
 he wrote was actually Captain America and
 Pitched that they made it a thing and it became amazing right and then over the next you know
 however many decades
 Stanley became Stanley who was the man who's known for writing his amazing comic book characters and storylines and things like that
 If look at what the difference was between DC and Marvel because it's a very short period time Marvel ended
 Bypassing DC and became the the brand like the thing and it's interesting if you look at DC's characters
 And this isn't universal but at the beginning
 DC's characters were all people who were supernatural had no problems could not have any issues right like Superman
 Where it's just like oh yeah, oh yeah, he's got Kryptonite's who's got one weakness
 but now he's like flawless like and
 It's hard to relate to someone like Superman right you know
 Eventually they brought in things like his family and things like that try to make him more relatable
 But he wasn't a relatable human where Stan Lee if look all the heroes that Stan created
 There are people like Captain America who was a normal person and then something happened and he became Captain America or Spider-Man
 You know Peter Parker was his normal kid and then this radioactive spider bit him and he became something
 So he was a normal human who then became a superhero which for us
 Average normal humans who all want to become superheroes. That's like something like oh my gosh
 I could become Spider-Man. I could become Iron Man right?
 I could become these characters and if you notice all of the the Marvel characters to the most part
 They were people they were human beings with flaws and problems and but then they became superheroes
 Whereas DC's were typically these super you know, they're born as superheroes now one of the the obviously the big
 The big one that's not true is Batman
 And it's funny because Batman is of the DC characters by far the the biggest most popular most loved and was Batman's story
 Batman doesn't have superpowers unless you watch Justice League and they ask like what's your superpower?
 Oh, he says I'm rich
 So I guess that's technically Batman super power
 But for the most part he was the one who was human who had it in like create his his superpowers, right?
 Which is why Batman is the one from DC world that we all know and we love and we all want to be like at least me and the other
 Superhero nerds so
 But yeah, so the the interesting thing is in the storylines is people who it's it's the storylines where I was a normal person
 Who then became a superhero and so the reason why that should matter to you guys is because you're all in the storytelling business
 Whether you know it or not
 Why do you think you're in a product business or you're in a marketing business?
 But you're actually in a storytelling business and your job and your goal is to tell stories
 And if you look at just these two examples right like a lot of times us is insecure humans when we tell our stories
 We want to come off of the place of being a superhero
 And I see it's all time people talk about how great they are and they brag about themselves and share the highlight
 Real all the time. It's like the problem with that is then you're like a DC character, right? You're Superman you're invincible and like
 It's not relatable
 Whereas if you look at it from a Marvel standpoint and you come back say look instead of me telling me how I'd roll
 I'm so great. What if I told my my origin story? What if I told why I struggled?
 Why was a normal person just like them? What would happen then right and that situation you build rapport with the audience
 They actually listen to you. They care about you. They they're drawn to you
 And and then as you as you develop your superpowers
 They they go on that journey with you because they want to become like you naturally they keep you know, it's funny when I
 Man, and not that I'm not now, but it and a more insecure time in my life when I was really struggling with
 You know who I was my identity and I got in this marketing world and it's like yeah, tell your stories and I'm like
 Yeah, so I would tell the stories that maybe look really really good, right?
 But it was interesting because it didn't it didn't connect people didn't relate everyone's like oh great
 There's this kid that's he's really good at all these things and just didn't relate and it's like and it wasn't the full truth
 If I'm honest like the truth was not that I was super out of the gate the truth that had to become something right?
 And so as I started becoming more vulnerable and more willing to step down off the off of that and share like hey
 here's
 Here's this here's that you know, I'm like and kind of go through those those things and
 And share those being willing to open up and share those things with people. That's when
 That's when people start coming to me and start connecting with me
 And so your job is to become like the great Stanley and start telling your story
 In a way that that shares you before talk about how you were a normal human
 Before you became who you are today and I'm looking at you today if you're listening to this and you are a superhero and some of you guys
 It's not gonna seem like you're a superhero, especially if you think about
 My guess is the Superman's like yeah, I can fly like everyone from Krypton can fly
 It's not a big of a deal right or Batman's like yeah
 Like it's really cool to do you know like like for most of us are superpowers
 Don't seem super does because it's like the normal it's like what we do
 And so you have to understand though for the rest of the world like what you do is special
 And so I'm here to tell you in case you don't know that that what you do is special
 Even if you don't think it is or you don't understand it. You don't understand your own worth like you have worth there
 There's things you can do there's people you can serve today because what you've gone through what you experience if who and he become
 Doesn't mean you should stop becoming and stop that path
 There's always so much more growth and things that are happening, but understanding that
 That where you are today is is a good enough place to start
 You're looking back on your path of where you've come and like who are the people that you can help on this journey to get to where you are today
 And whatever whatever thing is you're excited by it
 And so that is coming back and say okay, how do I track those people we track those people by telling your story about where you were at
 back when they were you know back when when you were like them and
 Then more willing you are to share that story the more vulnerable you are
 The more people will come to you and they don't come to you because of the pedestal you're on
 They come to you because you come off that pedestal and share the story about how you were just like them
 And so that's what's important. So what is your story?
 What's the story that's gonna scare you to tell the world? What's the story that's
 Probably more vulnerable than you would tell even your friends or your family members
 The one that you're scared of you're scared the people will look down on you if you share that one
 That's probably the one you're supposed to share
 It's probably the one where you're like, oh man. I know Russell saying I'll do all the things
 But I don't want to do that one thing. Okay, that's you or you feel that way
 That's the story you got to share and so I want to encourage you guys to share it to test it
 It can be as simple as doing a Facebook live. It can be simple as telling a friend. It can be as simple as
 writing a blog post
 Just to get it out and the first time it's gonna be super uncomfortable
 And that's okay
 Like even if you just record on your phone and you feel stupid like I I understand that I get that I feel stupid
 recording these podcasts half the time
 But I do it because because it's important right it's not about us. I remember I remember on
 It's funny because I've been doing these these new videos who've been creating and like I'm acting in a little bit
 It's just like kind of embarrassing like and like get somebody to stop a scroll on Facebook you have to over act and be like well
 I like all crazy, you know, and
 It's tough for me. I remember listening to I remember who it was, but if some famous actor
 He said you know your your success as an actor relies upon your ability to be uncomfortable on camera
 All right doing the uncomfortable thing like like talking over the top or being or excited or over
 You know like that's what draws people to you and I was like, oh man
 And that's what I totally feel like like I feel like half the time I'm making stuff
 I feel so stupid or whatever, but then you see the end product and even if you're like the hostels little cheese
 It's like sometimes it's like that's something that connects with people and so worst case in fact look
 Let's do this. This is your assignment. If you're listening to this
 I'm your teacher new assignment today your assignment is to tell your Marvel origin story
 Okay, and if it's just to yourself
 That's fine click open up your your phone and click record on audio memo like I'm doing right now or open at the camera
 And just click record and just go back and try to remember what was your origin story?
 What was your Peter Parker story when you got bit by spider, right? What was your
 Was your Captain America story when you got radioactive whatever and you became Captain America? What was your story about?
 You know film a blank with whatever superhero you want, but like what was your story because you've got one
 He's got to remember it and then be willing to share it
 So do that record it try it and then the next step of your if it came out, okay
 Then go and post it somewhere just send just some text that somebody send it a post online whatever it is
 But it's the process of trying and starting this thing out. So that said they just for listening. I hope that this helps
 Hope that you guys all start watching more and more
 Marvel movies because they're amazing. No one cool thing from the DC world
 I don't know the whole story behind this, but I got some details. So how many of you have seen Justice League?
 This is for my superhero nerd. So when Justice League came out, there's a guy named as last name Snyder
 He was a director who was supposed to be the director of it
 And then I guess during the filming of it
 I think his daughter passed away or something so he ended up leaving the project and somebody else edited
 Justice League just Lee came out and it was like eh, okay movie not the best not their worst but not the best
 And came out and to me as I've probably seen it and I guess after it was done people mad like
 I wish Snyder would have done this it would have been way better
 And so there was this thing online where people started messing
 We want a Snyder cut we want a Snyder cut of the movie and it became such a big thing that like I guess
 Snyder came back in now however many three or four years later and
 He's taking all the original footage. He's refilling some scenes and he's doing a Snyder cut where it's gonna be Justice League the Snyder cut coming out
 So that's the plan
 Brian Burt told me about this in my inner circle members
 He's awesome and so I started doing some research later and I started freaking out
 So I'm actually really really excited to see a Snyder cut because they're gonna take
 Broken DC Justice League and make it amazing hopefully crush your fingers. So anyway, that's all I got you guys appreciate y'all
 Thanks for listening and I'll talk to y'all soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay. Now the phone over your text is
 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 I'll let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
