 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing seekers podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right my friends, I'm in the Jeep today you probably hear the rumble the rumble
 So you always tell loud days Jeep quiet days
 Tesla anyway, so
 We did the birthday launch this week. I think I did a couple of podcasts talking about it
 It's kind of hard to remember holding his big blur, but
 What did I point out the irony of just some of of the situation and people and it cracks me up?
 So why do people listen to me? Why do you listen to me? Okay?
 Why do you listen to the marketing seekers podcast probably because you want to learn marketing, right?
 Why is never click phones probably because you want to sell stuff through funnels?
 Why would you follow me on Facebook join our Facebook groups?
 Probably because you're like man this Russell guy knows a thing or two
 So I'm gonna go and learn from said person about the thing that he happens to know about right and so
 What makes me laugh is that in the in the middle of this, you know this launch which
 Which by the way doing amazing and will increase the value of our company by literally hundreds of millions dollars in next three or four months
 I just put in perspective like you know a lot people bragger guy did a product launch and made three million dollars
 Like that's awesome and amazing, but the rollout of funnel flicks and these changes
 Like literally will increase the value of click funnels by hundreds of millions. It's like
 It's like the strategic movements and I hope again. Hope you guys are watching these things
 Are big and they're important and they're valuable and I'm hoping you're paying attention you're watching it
 but throughout this process is funny because
 obviously all of the naysayers and the people who who
 You know who for whatever reason wanted want event
 Come out and they're always out on Facebook and they've got the loudest opinions and it cracks me up
 and I wish I
 listened out a whole bunch of them because
 Because it would be fun to read them into like show them to you guys as specific examples, but I'll give you the gist
 so one of them I saw was like
 Like I
 Hope I hope I was something about
 About the lifetime value of Russell's customers like then sending out the emails about this thing are gonna destroy their lifetime value
 It's like no like it's literally doing the opposite is increasing lifetime value, you know
 Someone saying you know sent too many emails like they're spamming us like I've never I've never been part of another software company
 That's not emails like this promoting promoting stuff and like all these things that out like they didn't like the promotion
 Right for whatever reason so I get that maybe it's not a cup of tea
 But it's like you came to learn marketing from me you came to understand
 You know these kind of things like this campaign will increase the value of our company by hundreds of millions of dollars
 okay, and
 And instead of you like huh? What can I learn from this process like well?
 I was really cool
 They how they generate the the buzz and the hype and how they did the announcement how they how they transition from this announcement to
 getting everybody to upgrade and and
 you know they're like so many like like like like small messages and I know the flow she guys you're watching and you're paying attention
 But just blows my mind the people that are upset and you know like the one I've left or like I've never seen
 There any other software company set emails like this
 And I was like yeah, but you see any other software company growing as fast as I can say I mean annoyed by it
 I'd be like man, maybe they know something these other software companies don't know
 maybe they're blending of direct response and and
 All these things with software growth is the reason they're having so much success
 Maybe instead of being angry upset about I should look at me like huh. What do they do and why they do that like?
 What can I learn from this?
 And so I know I'm speaking to the choir here
 I know you guys are my my hardcore funnel hackers
 You are the ones who who care the most about marketing and growth and all these kind of things
 I just blows my mind as I see people who are who are angry about me marketing to them
 It's like you literally came to me to learn marketing and you may buy pay a thousand or ten thousand dollars for a course or
 $300 a month for our software like these these things you're paying for but then like what I'm actually doing marketing
 You could upset and it's like what what why would you do that like I'm literally you have a front seat show to the marketing
 You're trying to learn from right like you'll pay me a thousand bucks for a course to learn how to create campaigns and create buzz
 And to you know to build your following things like that and to increase your your valuation and make more money
 But when I actually do it
 You get upset and it's like no like stop being upset and step back and like oh my gosh
 I literally have a front row seat to some of the greatest marketing campaigns ever executed in the history of the market and
 And that's the way you guys should be looking at I know that you guys do
 But it just always blows my mind. I want to have people on the shoulder and be like you missed it
 You missed the whole point like you got annoyed
 When I market it to you and you came to me to learn marketing like step back for a second
 Put your feelings on the shelf and be like oh my gosh. What is happening here? Like for example?
 I was watching some people who were very intelligent and probably I'm sure that you are listening to this because if you're
 Intelligent you love marketing. You're already listening to this podcast. So um, you know
 But but some people who are breaking down like you guys notice how Russell didn't just say hey everyone upgraded to
 97 and you'll get this new thing. Yeah, that would have been an improvement offer
 Here's Russell improving
 So instead of Russell did in the presentations they created a new opportunity a new thing called clickphones platinum and then platinum was this amazing
 new thing new opportunity not you know not an improvement offers a new opportunity and
 We had this thing, you know, and it's a six or nine seven dollar thing
 But in the discount units and then they gave it to everybody who had the old offer for free and like
 It was showing like the lesson that I taught in expert secrets about new opportunity
 They show they they saw it and then and then saw how how
 How I executed on it. It's like man. I hope you guys saw that because any you guys have any of you guys have a program
 You're trying to get more people into it's like I can go and make an improvement off like hey
 We made this product better. You should all upgrade or you create a new opportunity a new thing
 And then you give it to all the people who are already there right like it's a little some little nuance that this difference between
 You know
 Tens of thousands of dollars and tens of millions of dollars, right?
 And so say I hope you guys saw that nuance because it was little it was subtle most people missed it
 But those who were listening with with the right ears they saw it and I go my gosh look at how Russell
 Presented this offer it was it was a new opportunity not an improvement offer and because of that
 It's different. It's what causes the buzz and creates the virality of it gets people excited, right?
 And then I didn't just upsell every other people already had I gave to him for free
 So all since like oh my gosh are most faithful members get rewarded for already being there
 Which causes more more community more stick and more excitement and more passion for us and the brand and everything right?
 So not penalizing existing members were rewarding them, right? So that was a huge shift, you know
 Anyway, there's so many cool lessons like I just sit down some things to diagram all the stuff that I was doing
 But hopefully you guys you guys saw but if not like go back through the campaign go back to the emails
 Go watch this stuff that happened and and look at it as like this is a marketing campaign
 I just I just sat on the front row of this thing happening in real time like like let me let me experience it through that lens, right?
 Anyway, I hope that that I hope that that makes sense for you guys
 What go back to watching the presentation watching the slides watching the hype watching the build up watching those things?
 But look at it
 Look at it as if you just paid me 10 grand for consulting day about how to how to launch your next campaign and look at
 That lens a big oh my gosh. What am I learning? What am I seeing here?
 You know I always used to say when I was getting started in this business like I would buy a rich products
 But rarely did I actually go through the people's products. I mostly buy because I wanted to see the process of like
 Of everything not just the funnel like I was like about funnel hacking people like oh, yeah
 I buy the process on page ones this page two pit this page three is this it's like that's part of it
 That's that's the funnel but like what about everything else like what created the excitement and the buzz to get me into the funnel, right?
 What are the ads say? What are the emails say?
 What was the messaging the tone that like all those things that the positioning and then when I went through the funnel like not
 Just hear the pages the funnel
 What's messaging the funnel? What they saying why they say it and then or the the hooks and the stories and like and and how are things positioned like
 Those are all the things that it's hard to teach right? It's hard for me to write a book and be like okay
 You should be doing this to create buzz like it's hard to teach those things
 But instead like watch it and you'll be like oh my gosh
 I can get in the greatest teaching lesson of all time by seeing the process by understanding it by by by learning it
 Don't be annoyed because we're only software company doing this be amazed that we're the only software company doing this and we happen to be the fastest growing software company probably
 All-time at least non venture back, you know
 and so
 Anyway, I just I know you guys are paying attention
 I know you're watching but I just wanted to put that out there because it was on my mind today
 And I want to congratulate those guys who are looking for those things and those who who got annoyed by any piece of it
 You need to stop the egglet
 I came to Russell to learn marketing and I'm learning the frameworks from the books and from the courses
 But I'm seeing the practical application
 Every single day in his marketing and like watch that
 That's something I can't sell in a book because it's it's the art that fits inside the framework, right?
 So I'm giving you a framework. Here's the art. Hey attention to it
 Watch it enjoy it be grateful for it because it is it's just the intangels
 I can't sell you that you're getting for free and you have a front row seat to it every single day
 It's funny back in the day when I was a kid
 I don't know if you guys remember Bill Phillips and body for life muscle media like it was this amazing
 product and and movement and supplement line and company info products and and and I remember I was like a
 15 16 year old kid as this company grew up and I was watching it and I had this front row seat to it
 And it was just amazing and now you know the companies you know
 He had Bill Phillips sold it 15 years ago. It's kind of died and collapsed and crushed and
 but man, I always remember sitting back and like I
 Josh Bazzoni was in Fiji with us and Josh is when it Bill Phillips employees at the time during this whole thing when it was
 growing and happening and I was like man I look back when I was 15 years old and I remember like how I felt
 I remember what happened
 I remember when the ads came out in the magazine and the and the the letters and the supplements
 I remember the supplement guys and reading supplement guys and and going to GNC and seeing you know 90% of the storage G&Z was
 Yes supplements and how I felt like I would only buy his and like I tried to remember those feelings
 But it's like it was 15 years ago like and so some me trying to remember like some of the greatest marketing campaigns
 I believe in in in modern history trying to remember that from 15 years ago and and being so grateful for the marketing lessons
 I learned you know as a 15 year old kid or whatever and for you guys, it's like
 And you're you're at the the front edge of history, you know
 There'll be a day in the near future a couple years now, but I'm gonna write the book bootstrap.com
 That's the next book
 I'm gonna write and I'm gonna write that book I'm gonna tell you guys these stories and you're gonna read those and be like
 Fascinated by them. It's like right now you guys are living it like you're living the bootstrap store
 You're seeing it you got a front row seat to this stuff
 And so I sort of make sure you're paying attention and you're enjoying it having a good time with it because
 Someday there'll be stories
 I'll tell you and and you know the the marketing grand babies will come and they'll be like oh
 I heard these stories about clickfuddles how it grew and what it did and it's like you make me and I was there for it
 And I enjoyed it
 I saw it and I learned from it and I applied it over here to my business
 This is what I did and how I did it because I saw the marketing that happened here and so
 Anyway, you guys have for all seat to it. It's unfolding and it's it's gonna be a cool history
 Lessening to marketing someday but for right now you guys are there and I hope you're you're enjoying the process
 So that's like I jumped in I got a marketing meaning starting in like two minutes
 Appreciate y'all for listening. Thank you for participating in the campaign and having fun with it if you haven't yet
 You're like what are you even talking about?
 You know go to go to Facebook and click on
 You know my fan page or my personal page either one
 You'll see a link to to the actual birthday launch video in the replay you can go watch that
 If you go to upgrade now.com you can see the offer or if you go to funnel flicks.com you can see exactly the funnel flicks is which is
 Part of the the new opportunity to be offered everybody this week. So all right. That said appreciate you all thanks for listening
 And we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called dot com secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
