 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Today I want to talk to you about something that I think we are not talking enough about.
 I was at church on Sunday and what's crazy is so I grew up in Utah and when I was in
 Utah my high school wrestling coach, his name was Coach Lee Leslie, football coach,
 sorry.
 And I wasn't that good at football, I'm not going to lie.
 I was a great coach and then after I think a year after high school I graduated he left
 apparently and I didn't see him for like 20 years and then I moved to Boise, Idaho and
 then I moved around and finally moved to my new home and I go to church first day and
 guess who's in my ward?
 The Mormons we call our church's wards.
 So in my ward, in my church and I'm sitting there and I hear this guy talk and there's
 this voice from the past and I was like, wait a minute, is that Coach Leslie?
 I'm like, dude you have no idea who I am but you were my football coach in high school.
 How crazy?
 So we kind of reconnected and now his son Jake who's amazing designer works for us and
 it's just really, really cool.
 But anyway he was, he's actually moving away and Sunday he had a chance to speak and then
 now they're basically moving to a different area and anyway he spoke at church was really,
 really cool.
 He had to be a whole topic for another day but afterwards in one of the classes they asked
 the question like if you were going to die what feedback would you leave your kids?
 And what Coach Leslie said that was so cool he said it is masculine manly voice he was
 like, I would tell my kids to do hard things and that was it and I was like, huh, and I
 started thinking I was like, most of us like, we just don't do hard things anymore, especially
 our kids and our, you know, like, and I'm afraid for our kids kids like we just don't
 do hard things anymore.
 And it's like if you really want to become amazing what you do you have to do hard things.
 You have to be okay with that.
 And I was thinking like why do we have to do hard things?
 And it all comes down to this word which is like the coolest word ever for, at least
 for today and the word is capacity.
 Like when you do hard things it increases your personal capacity to be able to do harder
 things and then you do harder things and it increases your capacity to even harder things
 and you keep going through this process, right?
 Like I can't think of back like if I would have started ClickFunnels, let's say I met
 Todd when we were both like 11 years old back in the day and we would launch ClickFunnels,
 it would have been a colossal failure, right?
 Because we hadn't done hard things yet.
 Our capacity was not up to snuff like we wouldn't have been able to handle the load of what's
 come like, like I know everyone's like, oh, ClickFunnels is so fun and amazing and nice
 and it is and it's amazing but I can't tell you the stress and the pressure and the things
 that come down upon us almost on a daily basis that we have to figure out.
 And it's hard and we do hard things and it increases our capacity and prepares us for
 the next thing and so we can do hard things, so we can increase our capacity, so we can
 do the next hard things, we can keep moving forward and eventually take over the entire
 world which is the goal and the game plan and yeah, people are like, what's your three
 year goal?
 Like take over the world, come on now, like what's yours?
 Anyway, so I want to share this because we know this is true, right?
 Like you see it in aspects of life like if you want to lift weights and increase your
 capacity, lift weights, you do hard things, you tear the muscles down, your muscles build
 up, right?
 And then you want to get stronger, so you do hard things, you tear the muscles, they
 build up stronger.
 But the same is true in all aspects of life, you want to be amazing, you want to change
 the world, if you want to grow a company, if you want to sell products, if you want to
 be famous, if you want to be an athlete, a superstar, whatever it is, you have to become
 really, really, really good and comfortable at doing really, really hard things and being
 okay with it.
 And so my message for you guys today is just simple, okay?
 Those things that you look at, you're like, I don't want to do that, it's going to be
 hard, it's going to be tired, I'm already tired, I don't want to do that, all those
 things that come out of our face, you got to stop and say, you know what, I'm going
 to do hard things, I'm going to go and I'm just going to take this thing on and I don't
 know how I'm going to do it, it's going to be painful and I'm not fun necessarily,
 but I'm going to do hard things and then you do it and then guess what happens?
 You figure out a way to do it and increases your capacity.
 When your capacity increases, then you do the next thing and then you figure it out
 and increase your capacity.
 And doing that day in and day out, week in and week out, month in and month out, year
 in and year out, guess what happens?
 Okay?
 In a year, two years, five years, ten years from now, you will be amazed at what you've
 been able to accomplish and what you've been able to do.
 I look back now like my challenges from ten years ago and I'm like, dude, how was such
 a wuss?
 Like I was whining about this thing that really, nowadays I could do it, you know, juggling
 backwards on my head upside down, I could be super easy because my capacity has gotten
 to a point where I can actually handle it, right?
 And so it's true for you guys too, if you want over the next year, ten years, decade,
 whatever it is of your life to be really accomplished, what you do is you want to accomplish.
 You have to become good at doing hard things now because the only way to increase your
 capacity so you can be prepared to the next hard thing.
 So you can increase your capacity so you can be prepared for the next hard thing and
 everything in life is a progression, right?
 It's like walking up a flight of stairs and you get closer and closer and closer to your
 mission, to your goal, to whatever it is you're trying to do.
 And it all comes down to doing hard things which will increase your capacity, which then
 you can do more hard things and keep going through the cycle.
 I was thinking a lot this week about Tony Robbins, he said something that most people
 they overestimate what they can do in a year and they underestimate what they can do in
 a decade.
 I started thinking like, I think a lot of this is that way, like, okay, I got to be
 fun.
 Like we have these big goals for what we do the next year and it's like, look, chill
 acts on the whole year goal.
 Like let it come, work hard, keep moving forward, but like don't stress about like the year
 goal.
 But if you're doing what I'm talking about and you're like doing hard things, you're
 stretching your capacity and you're consistently doing it over a decade, you'd be shocked at
 what's possible.
 Okay.
 I mean, ClickFunnels now, it's like, and we're like three years old or, you know, excuse
 me, we're a little over three years old, nine or four years old yet.
 And I look at like what's been happening, you know, and from the time we started, this
 was probably five years.
 So we're half a decade and half a decade from idea to where we are today.
 We've built this huge company and we've changed, you know, thousands of people's lives around
 the world.
 And then I guess it's fascinating to see what happened.
 If I would have been like, you know, my year, I'm not gonna get my year goal because we're
 because we're spending all this time developing this weird thing called ClickFunnels and, and
 you know, we're losing all of our money and I had to fire all these people and like all
 the stress that came around at ahead of time, we never would have got here, right?
 But we did hard things, increased our capacity, got better, did some more hard things, increased
 our capacity, got better to eventually boom, out pops ClickFunnels and then boom out pops
 the next thing and the next thing and the next thing, you know, I'm grateful that ClickFunnels
 didn't start with 65,000 members or I probably would have crushed personally.
 I'm sure the pressure of it.
 I'm sure the Todd would have been Ryan and all of our team, like we wouldn't be able
 to handle it because our capacity wasn't ready.
 Okay, but we were able to grow with it.
 That's the nice thing about having kids like everyone stressed out about having kids like
 it's gonna be so hard.
 Like the good news is when the kids come out, they sleep most of the time.
 So like the you don't have to be amazing.
 Okay, but as the kids get bigger, you increase your capacity, you get a little better at it
 and eventually by the time they're walking and totalling you, you can keep up with them,
 right?
 And by the time they're teenagers, you're able to keep up with them because we're growing
 with them or doing hard things with them and we're increasing capacity.
 So I want you guys thinking about this.
 Okay, the mission that you have in life, the goal, the reason why you're here on this
 planet, I guess is right now you are not ready for it.
 You could not handle the strain of the capacity it would take for you to actually be successful
 in that thing today.
 Okay.
 And so for some of you guys are like, I'll screw that then I'm gonna try.
 I'm gonna go back and watch cartoons, right?
 I understand that.
 But instead of like, okay, I have to figure out how to increase my capacity so that someday
 I will be worthy and able to handle this mission that God or the universe or whatever you
 want to call is gonna give you and you got to be prepared for that, right?
 And so the way you get prepared for that right now is you do hard things.
 So my question if you was, what's the hard thing that you're looking at right now that
 you're like, I don't know if I can or if I should do that, it's gonna be so hard.
 Right?
 What is that thing?
 Let's go do it.
 Let's freaking just tackle it head on and destroy that thing and own it.
 Look at that thing like, dude, I own you and then go and dominate it.
 So there you go, you guys.
 It is the day to do some hard work, okay?
 Coach Leslie told me if he could give us kids one piece of advice, it would be do hard
 things.
 And so for you, your message for today is do hard things and now you know a reason why
 because if you're gonna prepare yourself for the mission that's eventually gonna come
 to you, you got to do hard things today to be ready for it.
 There's a quote I'm gonna slaughter because I don't have to go on top of my head but Winston
 Churchill said, "There comes a time in every man's life when he'll be figuratively tapped
 on the shoulder and offered the chance to do something unique to him and to his talents
 and his abilities."
 What a tragedy that moment finds him unprepared or unqualified for that work which could have
 been his finest hour.
 Now is the time you guys start preparing and you do that by doing hard things.
 With that said, I appreciate you guys all having an amazing day today and I will talk
 to you all soon.
 Bye everybody.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick, I wanted to invite you to join
 arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and
 it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge.
 Everyone in their business, in their life, they're one funnel way from something.
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are funnel way from
 growing your company to the next level and so we created this challenge to help you to
 create and launch your first or your next funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business, this challenge is gonna help you understand
 the strategy, help you understand the tactics, help you understand all the things you need
 to be successful with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now, stop everything, pause the audio, go online and go to one funnel
 way.com.
 That's one funnel way.com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days so go get started right now.
 One funnel way.com.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
