 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson and welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope you're having an amazing day today
 We are about seven days seven hours 49 minutes and 53 seconds away from funnel hacking live going live
 Which is crazy is hectic and chaotic over here, but I wanted to spend a few minutes
 Pausing everything jump on into this podcast and and share some thoughts with you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so
 It is chaos here. We are moving a billion miles an hour. We saw his joke about how like we get done
 In a day when most companies get done in a year
 So it's called the funnel years like oh yeah
 It was a good funnel year today because each day is that way and now it's more like funnel decades like I think we get more done in a day
 Especially as you come to crunch time of an event then most people get done in the entire decades
 We've got done in a funnel decade and it's only like three o'clock. So we're gonna keep on going get a couple more funnel
 Oh man, it's crazy, but in the middle of this I'm working on ten different slide presentations
 We're recording voiceovers for videos for short fun. I can live I'm recording videos for the coaching program rolling out of my life
 Plus my kids been sick my assistant spent sick people are puking. We're planning flights around this trip like
 Oh my gosh, I wish I could no one would believe me if I told him, but it's the same
 regardless of having a fun time and
 Just one thing I wanted to share it to you is I've been doing my slides working my notes
 It was one thing it was like it was so simple, but just kind of popped out and things could help a lot of people
 And this is we come back to the value ladder talk about a lot of times like you have something you grab them
 You take them to this value ladder where each step in your value ladder
 You provide more value to the customer and in exchange
 Hopefully pay more money at each tier in the value ladder
 And I've seen a lot of companies and people get confused like you know as you move in with value ladder
 I would like what happens like where do we go and what I put in the first tier and second tier and third tier and
 It was funny
 I actually run two comic book crews and I was showing behind the scenes of one of pain junes funnels
 And I showed how on the landing page of the funnel gives way a free-bliss shipping book
 And the book teaches you what to do like how to do something on your own if I tell my notes here
 Do it by yourself, right?
 So you read the book and you go to buy yourself then after you buy the book then his upsell is a home study program where he does
 It with you he teaches you how how to do the thing with him you watch the course and then you are on your own
 You're kind of doing it with him right and then the second upsell was the done for you option
 Where was it done for you?
 He was gonna give you all the templates and the things that he talked about in the in the training
 And it was really cool just watching just from the front end product up so one upsell - he shifted from
 From show them basically do it yourself to do it with you to do it for you
 And as I saw that we were talking on the cruise about this funnel
 I was showing it off and I heard him say something said look if you look it all my value ladder all my funnels
 It's always a progression from from I'm gonna do it for you or excuse me. I'm gonna do it
 You do it yourself, right? I give you information you do it yourself
 Some kind of training for me we do it with you or some kind of hiring program
 We do it for you and it was interesting as I started looking back at my funnels
 I see that pattern just like in between the between the front end up so upsell
 You see that pattern but also from funnel one to funnel two up the value ladder you see as well so that that
 That thing that that pattern just kind of just kind of follows itself
 So again the the front end of the front thing is like I'm gonna show you how to do this thing
 Right so you take it and you're you can do it on your own do yourself. Okay, so starts to do yourself
 Then you provide more value send them with a value. Hey, you do yourself or if you want I can do it with you
 We can do this, you know in collaboration to remember shipside or coaching program or something right done with you or
 It's like oldest you for you. We'll be holding out for you done for you
 Okay, so do yourself done with you done for you
 That's the pattern you move people through through front end up sell downsell
 Funnel one funnel to funnel three like all like that pattern can can follow as you're sending people as you're moving them through
 Through your value ladder either through the pages in the funnel or up the value out from funnel one from funnel two funnel three, right?
 like
 Forever it was always like I sold a book that told you how to do on your own then we up
 So click funnels which how we do it with you like logging software you do it and it's all time coaching programs and
 Things that where we built it what we did it for you
 And so it's kind of a fascinating pattern that you see over and over and over again
 So anyway, that's just a really quick tip
 I want to share it yesterday because then a lot of people struggle and like where does the value ladder go?
 What do we do?
 How does has one weep to the other and vice versa?
 And I hope that kind of gives you guys some hints of some ideas
 But that said I gotta get back
 I get my lunch really quick and then I gotta go film about an hour worth of videos and they get back on my slides
 So it's crazy day
 I just wanted to jump in real quick and show the guys without it was really powerful
 And I think for some of you guys it's gonna be the piece the key that breaks this safe open for you
 So hope you love it. Hope that marketing secret was a good one. Appreciate you all thanks for listening and we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel way from
 Quitting your job some you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts
 And we as our funnel away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business, this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy
 Help you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go online and go to one funnel way calm
 That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge there's a challenge starting in the next few days
 So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC]
