 Hey, good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you to the marketing secrets podcast
 I asked so much good stuff to talk to you about today
 on to the year event
 Something funny with my kids and a whole bunch more
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Everyone
 Man, I have like 12 podcasts in my head right now. I want to share with you guys from lessons from this last week
 Some you guys know that the last weekend was the entrepreneur of the year the UI entrepreneur the year award ceremony
 And so earlier this year I
 submitted for the entrepreneur year of our region and I won it which was really cool and then basically all the reasons get to get
 That are in the new national tournament and so I was all excited to go to the national thing and compete and see if we can win the
 national entrepreneur the year award
 and
 So I thought like
 We're gonna do this we should make an experience out of it right so that way we can do an episode of fun soccer TV
 That way it's not just like me going somewhere on an event because I got a lot of events and it's just like boring
 So I'm like how to make this memorable for me and for my wife and for anyone else want to bring and so excited
 Hey, I'm gonna bring my parents because that'd be fun to have them come to something like this
 And then Dave and his wife Carrie wanted to come to which is super cool
 And so the first thing is like we can fly there or we would if we like did it up right and like rented a private plane
 So we rented a private plane flew down pick my parents up
 It's all like which my mom was certain she was gonna die on the plane she read a book about someone who got in a plane wreck one time
 So because that she was convinced that she was like certain death was the only
 Possibility the only possible outcome for this vacation
 It was really hard to convince her to go but she agreed finally to flew down picture
 I picked them up and then went to this event
 Then I we got there they they did it right like they had this huge dinner with this amazing buffet like and
 It was amazing like I've been to a lot of the phases was like four steps past any they have ever been to before
 They just deserve bar it they literally had a donut wall the wall like these like pegs coming out of it
 Thousands of different donuts all over them. They had this thing
 It looked like a big like ice cream bar with tons of different types of ice cream flavors
 But wasn't ice cream was cookie dough is a cookie dough bar?
 It was insane
 So they scoop out tons of cookie dough into the thing and then they had chocolate covered bacon and they had oh the desserts alone were
 Amazing anyway, it was amazing and then there was the Kelly Clarkston concert
 So we were like five rows away from Kelly Clarkson. She's this huge show for us a private event
 For everyone who said this thing which was super cool
 and that was the first night the next morning woke up and
 If you watch my Instagram stories, I've made some jokes
 but we had a chance to see the winners the last year's entrepreneur the year award and
 And I want to kind of tease them, but also I'm grateful for them. And so I'll talk about both sides of it, but
 They are a ventured back company who's trying to solve cancer
 Which is really really cool and I'm grateful for people and entrepreneurs and companies like that
 But the problem like the frustrating thing on my side is that they've raised two billion dollars in funding in this thing
 And so I'm like that's awesome. I'm grateful that they've done that that they're doing that they're trying to save stop cancer and like that's
 so valuable and helpful, but it's funny because like I
 Don't know if I would consider that
 like being an entrepreneur. It's like
 The entrepreneur in this business like their full-time job is to go sell people on giving them more money
 And then they have people they hired to go try to solve cancer
 It's like you're more like a glorified sales person is just selling
 To VCs right like I don't know. I don't think that's entrepreneurship, but maybe I'm wrong, but I'm grateful for it what they're doing
 And but they raised two billion dollars right and so and it's interesting because most of the companies who were there had all raised money
 I think there's probably you know half a dozen of us who were bootstrapped entrepreneurs and the rest were all like
 VC backed and so I'm and it was funny because I was talking
 With Dave about as a head of time. I'm like, you know in the bodybuilding world. There's two competitions
 There's one that's like the bodybuilding competition every comes and there's no rules right like
 They never say like oh, yeah, go to use steroids, but they don't test for it
 Right and so because of that that's we get guys like Arnold Schwarzenegger and Lou Ferrignon
 These dudes who are insane who are just like you look at him. You're like that can't be human and you're like oh, it's because they're not human
 They're on steroids, right?
 Um, so there's that term, but then there's the natural bodybuilding contest where you have to like
 You have to like not be on steroids to to qualify right and those guys look way smaller like they look amazing
 But like you put them like standing next to each other's like well that dude's on steroids
 There's the difference right. I feel like the same thing here. It's like
 The launch for the year award was like all these dudes who were on steroids who took you know venture cat
 It got two billion dollars in funding and there's people like me who are the natural ones who showed up and like you look as far
 Asselves look good, but you look stand next somebody who received two billion dollars in funding
 It's like how do you compete with that right like it's just it's it's fascinating in fact
 So for those who were I don't want to leave you suspense. We did not win the launch for the year award
 um
 Because the guy who won in our space is Thomas seebold which if you ever to seebold
 Um, it's like he's a billionaire, right?
 He started new company because he's a billionaire
 He just funded it and had other people funded and yeah, it's like how do you compete with that guy like come on now
 It's not fair in fact seebold is the dude who um mark benioff who on salesforce used to work for so he was mark benioff's mentor
 Um, anyway, so it's like that's who i was competing against is billionaires
 So I lost to the billionaire
 But the billionaire was all roided out so I don't feel too bad because
 Yeah, anyway, I'll yeah and then the usual one on for the year overall of all the categories
 Um was the guy who started group on which actually was really cool
 Um group on this is six business and then he took a public and now this is his new business
 Um, which I'm you know, it was a confusing but they went from zero to two billion dollar valuation or excuse me a billion dollar valuation two years
 But they did it
 Again, then I think it's sold much stuff, but because all the money they've they've gotten from funding their value there
 So once again, they're all roided out and they beat me but um, it was still kind of fun to see and I'm again once again
 I want to I want to step back sometimes I well in the intro of this podcast. I make fun of it
 Um about companies who to cheat and take on venture capital and like while I do feel that way
 I am at the same time grateful that there are companies out there who are trying to cure cancer companies out there who are trying to do these things
 Um
 That probably couldn't be done in buy a bootstrap governor just because of the nature of what it is right
 Um, it takes two billion apparently in funding to secure cancer before you have the pill to go and start selling it
 So you can't start selling it ahead of time, right?
 So I I understand it and I while I tease and I joke about I am grateful for those entrepreneurs who are doing that that direction
 I just don't believe in it right like I think that for us bootstrapped entrepreneurs
 There should be a ward as well. So we may or may not be working on the bootstrapped entrepreneur the year award
 Um, I think it's something that needs to happen
 Um, just like in bodybuilding, there's like the the bodybuilding competition
 Then there's the natural bodybuilding competition. I think that's more interesting to me and to I think you guys as well because most of you guys
 Don't have two billion dollars in funding. And so it's like, okay. So how do we actually in fact, just funding one of the panels? Oh
 That they were doing the interview. They asked the guy like like, um, what's it? What's it like to um
 As an entrepreneur like taking on the risk and the guy was like, well, you know, like the nicest thing about risk is I just go back to my
 To the venture capitalists and I get them to you know, give us a couple more hundred million dollars and then the risk fear goes away
 Like what like that's the worst answer ever. It's like, uh, what do you do when you hit plateaus?
 I just take more steroids like come on
 Ah
 I want to be like that's my freaking hustle
 We recruited team people to believe in our vision. We work our butts off for free
 We create something truly remarkable and then we sell to our customers and they love it so much
 They finance it like that's the answer I wanted but no, it's like we go back
 We take another hit of roids. So anyway, it's kind of interesting. So bright digress
 There are so many other cool things that um, I want to share with you guys like, uh, so many
 So many cool stories I can share with you. In fact, I'm sure I'll do separate episodes
 Um, like for example, Jennifer Gardner came and spoke
 Um, and she it's funny. I tease my wife. I think everyone's allowed to have one celebrity crush, right?
 She's totally my celebrity crush ever since 13 going on 30
 I was like she is the coolest ever and so she's my celebrity crush
 But she came and spoke and like she was so amazing
 Not just from like the point that I have a crush on her right, but I just like insanely like
 Insanely amazing like
 Oh so impressed with her like anyway, I'll tell you some stories about her in another episode, but um, she blown away by her
 Um
 Anyway, just so many so many cool things that uh, they happen
 Um, but the biggest thing I want to share with you guys and this is kind of the purpose of this podcast
 And I'll go deeper on other episodes about some of the the specific things I learned like it's a really cool lesson
 I learned from watching Kelly Clarkson concert
 Specifically some Jennifer Gardner specific things
 Um, but for this one well
 I wanted to talk about the natural versus the regular bodybuilding contest how it really is entrepreneurship because I think
 Sometimes some of us may look at those guys and be frustrated and say no just understand like they ever rolled in this in this world
 And we're grateful for them, but it's not who we are right?
 We're we're the natural bodybuilders and it's it's something to be proud of I think that you bootstrap your company
 So that's number one
 The number two is like I didn't win the the the contest right and it's funny because some people reach out and they're like oh, I'm so sorry
 I'm so sorry and and like it's funny because like I didn't I didn't care like I wasn't going into it to do it
 Like I'm I'm always going into these things looking for the story like what's the story?
 I'm gonna be able to tell because of this experience
 And I think that's something that
 All of us should be looking at because we all go through tough times right and I'll say this is a tough time for it
 Wasn't I was fine not winning? Um, but I'm going through something
 I'm looking for what's the story that's gonna happen in this thing that I can use either inspire somebody or to sell something or to whatever
 Right I'm always talking about with you guys that you need to be building it building up your role decks of stories
 Like when I do a webinar, at least I can do webinars so fast and I can crank them out
 I can sell well because I bought this huge role decks of stories. I've been building up for over a decade
 I can pull out really quick at a moment's notice right?
 And so I'm like what are the stories that I can pull out of this experience that I can use and other things right?
 Like when I spoke at the 10x event and I did the 3.2 million dollars in sales and everyone's like oh my gosh
 I mean 3.2 million dollars in sales. I'm like yeah, that was cool
 But I've got a story now and that story will make me
 10 times that 3.2 million to be able to tell a story about how I'm the highest paid public speaker in the world how we did
 You know, I netted a million dollars an hour. How you know all those things
 I will sell way more product from that than I ever did from the money that I made at the event, right?
 I like I'm looking for this story. So for me, it's like this whole thing happened
 I didn't win it but like for me the story is this whole thing
 I just kind of shared yesterday this this natural versus unnatural and I promise you we are going to be building a bootstrapped
 Entrepreneur of the Year award and a thing and it's going to be a movement and a big thing
 Based on this story, right? The fact that I lost like I'm so grateful that I lost because now I have this story about
 Hey, I lost but I was going up against people who are on steroids
 And so it's like it's not really it's like bringing a gun to a knife
 I like let's come back and let's build the natural bodybuilding contest for entrepreneurs
 Like now I have a story I can share and a reason and a purpose and and I think it's going to call
 To all of my people, right? It's going to call out to the bootstrapped entrepreneurs people
 I love serving are going to hear that message and be like, yes
 That's who I am. That's how and they're going to hear my voice and they will come to me, right?
 And so that's that's the magic is like in the experience. I'm looking for the story because the story
 Is the next phase of this thing, right?
 And so for you I want you guys just to like keep your eyes open more so for the stories that are happening
 Every day when you have success, there's a story there that's more valuable than the success when you fail
 There's a story there that's more valuable than the failure, right?
 And most of us just go through it and we're upset or happy for the thing that just happened
 It's like no, no, no, no, like that thing that happened was good
 But it was not the finish line. It was the story you need to inspire people to sell your next product to
 Do your next thing to create your movement to call them the new segment of people into the market like marketplace
 Whatever it is for you like the story is the key and so keep your eyes open for the stories that are happening around you
 That's the magic. That's what I didn't want to make sure you guys aren't missing
 Because if you did for me that whole weekend can get him in a waste a weekend, right?
 I lost this one talk about it. It's like no, no, no, I lost let's talk about it. That's more powerful
 All right, that's that I'm home. I'm gonna be ready for the day a lot of fun stuff happened this week
 I'll take you out on some of the journeys, but we are
 My kids have I got a rest it's today's Monday morning
 I've got a wrestling match Tuesday with the kids wrestling match Thursday and friday and saturday there's wrestling tournaments
 We got wrestling all week and I was supposed to fly down
 Friday saturday to go be with the harm and brothers to work on
 Part two of our viral video campaign with them
 um, the problem
 Is that um it was booked on friday saturday, which the guy found out later that my boys had wrestling term friday saturday
 And so I was like, okay
 I my kids are more important than my company and i'm like i'm not missing the wrestling tournament
 So I had talked to them move things around and so what's happening is Tuesday the wrestling match ends
 After I jump on a private plane and I fly to boy or to uh provo
 So I'm driving to sundance so I can be there for the writing retreat and then um something all day
 Wednesday at writing treat half day thursday and then jumping plane fly back and I get back just in time for my kids wrestling
 Match on thursday night. And so the whole this whole detours cost to me
 Oh like 16 grand and just flights to be able to anyway, so someday
 I'm hoping my kids listen to this episode someday when my their father's dead and they're right
 I wonder if my dad loved me and they're like, yes, he loves you a lot
 He rearranged heaven and earth so he wouldn't miss a wrestling match because that's how much he loves you
 So I hope that they they listen to sunday and know how much I love them
 They're the coolest little things in the whole world. I can't wait to watch them rassel. So
 That's my week this week. Um plus
 We got a speaker training happening in boisey. So um, tuesday wednesday
 We're training a team of 20 speakers to go out and do my presentation on the road, which is exciting
 So i'm working on presentations today to train them on my the stage pitch
 that's happening today and then
 Um, 10x seekers from the middle of the long train house doing really really well
 And I think i'm running webinars. I think monday. I'm going to be doing a webinar to close out the whole thing
 So I got that happening this week plus. Um while i'm in provo at the
 Working with harmer brothers that night
 Um, we're all trying to get then all of our new org chart business development stuff with the company
 That's gonna be insane week
 If I survive this week and I love earned thanksgiving next week. So
 Anyway, appreciate you guys all thanks for listening if you learned anything from this
 Take take a on your phone
 You can click the buttons and take a screenshot of the screen of this podcast episode do that and then go to facebook or instagram or pinterest
 Wherever you go post the video and say I just listed rassel's story about blah check out his podcast
 Tag me so I can see it and also tag hashtag marketing secrets
 Um, and i was because some other people listening to this episode. Uh, appreciate you guys. Thanks so much for everything and we'll talk soon
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality tv show at www.fennelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
