 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing series podcast tonight. I'm going to
 Have a special episode actually someone on Instagram who I've become friends with recently and we're talking back and forth
 Asked me a really good question about
 feeling uninspired and low confidence publishing and
 Wondered what I do to keep myself confident and motivated and I think the answer may surprise you
 So I wanted to do this as an episode instead of just responding back to him directly and hopefully it'll help a lot of you guys out as well
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing series
 All right, everyone's like I said one of my new friends Alex he had posted on Instagram or he actually sent me a DM
 A question. I thought it was a really good question. I think it's something that I know I personally deal with
 Way more often than I'd like to admit and I'm sure a lot of you guys do as well
 And so I thought I would instead of just responding to him personally respond through a podcast
 And hopefully it'll give you guys some value as well. So what this is what he wrote
 He said hey man question for you if you ever find yourself
 Feeling uninspired low and confidence to publish every day or put yourself out there
 What are some of your go-to activities to create a lasting peak state again where you feel full of fire belief and vision?
 I'm in a spot that haven't been in a long time
 I'm committed to breaking out of it and I think that I will I've been feeling that finding the right catalyst to help spark the fire
 Again is the key
 Anyway, so I thought it was a really good question and again
 I think that my my answer may be different than him or even you know probably most people will think
 and
 So kind of a context I'm gonna give you a quick glimpse
 At my life recently
 We it's summertime here and time I'm recording this and I got five amazing kids three teenagers and two younger kids and
 my teenagers
 Have a party every night something planned with friends and everything and there's no school that I could there's no school tomorrow
 I can't I still have to get tomorrow at six. I saw things to do
 I still have all this stuff, you know, and it's my poor wife and I usually you know during school time
 We could invent a nine and we've got you know two hours by ourselves before we pass out
 We're now they're getting home from friends houses around 11 and then we're trying to put them to bed
 And then it's midnight and then one and then 130 then we're so tired and
 And right now is a really busy season. We are like 60 days away from front of hockey live
 P.S. If you're gonna be taking shit go to funlhackinglive.com
 and
 And I find myself now every morning literally waking up and I am
 Feeling I think exactly what Alex is feeling I wake up and I'm tired. I'm uninspired. I have a little confidence
 I don't want to publish. I don't want to talk. I don't want to get in bed. I don't want to work out
 And it's tough today. I sent my alarm for six and I snoozed it for an hour and a half
 I get pushed over and over and over again and
 And I actually this morning as I was I was going to the office. I was like why am I struggling so much and
 I start thinking back and I think in my mind. I think in most of our minds
 We assume that we're always like that there are seasons and times when we're on fire and full belief and vision and all these kind of things
 But when I started like rude looking back I started thinking about different parts of my life
 Especially some of my favorite parts of my life and if I really remembered I try to I think most of the times
 Our memories remember the good things we we fade out the bad, right? It's like when you
 Making you have a baby, right?
 You know five minutes after my wife gave birth I was like the time of the baby she would probably strangle me
 but then you know
 You know a day goes by then a week and in a month and within three or four months
 You forget the pain all you remember is this cute little baby and you're like oh we should have kids
 He was so much fun. I didn't also your pregnant. You're like what was I thinking?
 Why did so many tell me about this right? I think it's the same thing in life
 Like if I honestly think back I think back about about wrestling right that was my first passion my first love like
 I remember winning the state title. I remember I remember these big things are amazing
 But if I if I'm really honest
 I try to remember the practices. I remember cutting weight. I remember not eating for four or five days in a row every single week
 For my entire high school career, right?
 cutting weight and not having energy and being tired in class and like cutting weight
 Those who've cut weight know what I'm talking about but like I was doing that and in those like
 They I don't think that there was a time when I was really
 Like it feel good. I enjoy it was hard. It was miserable
 Right, but then the thing at the end happened and it was amazing and because I had this
 Desire and this belief and this hope in the thing at the end. That's why I kept doing it
 Right because I was like oh someday I want to win a state title someday
 I want to be an all-american someday and I had these things right so I put myself through these things and then afterwards
 I hit the goals
 You don't hit the goals and you remember the positives and you remember the things and you kind of fade out the negative
 But but the reality is that you know a lot of times going through the stuff like the day by day by day
 Like you don't come into it super inspired and tons of energy and high confidence and all those things that we think we we are
 We're looking forward thinking that's gonna happen, right?
 At least not that I remember
 You know and as I'm trying to like be completely honest myself like I'm remembering the practices and leading up to them and like
 Most days I was like didn't want to go to practice
 You're like I did exactly like and like when I got into it. I enjoyed it, but like
 Going to practice I would dread right and then fast forward
 I had some most of you guys think no I had a chance to serve a mission for my church for two years and so for two years
 I was on this mission and I'm knocking doors and I'm teaching about
 Jesus and I'm doing these things and had a great experience looking back now as one of the greatest highlights in my life
 If I remember
 Every morning waking up and we wake up super early and study scriptures and these things and we're tired and you know
 Those who haven't been on a mission or don't never seem like the Mormon missionaries before like you don't get a go on dates
 you don't get a call home you don't get a you know you're with a companion and
 You don't go to movies you know on the TV you don't have it so it's it's tough right
 I remember everyone waking up knowing how to go knocking doors knowing how to go to the scene and like dreading it and like
 Like it was it was hard consistently right
 They're gonna knock indoors and usually within doing it for a little while we become fun
 and we could talk to people like I enjoyed it and as I'm enjoying like like why are they why are they so complaining like
 You know like why was they so tired this morning? Why was this a miserable like I actually enjoy the stuff
 But I still did and if I look back on my mission now, you know two years. I was out there like I would I would
 I would wage I would bet that most mornings I woke up dreading have to do the work
 I actually had to do and I was thinking about this right about my my entrepreneurial career and again
 I think back about all the big the highs and the big wins and all these kind of things
 But if I'm completely lost myself like throughout the the day by day and the week by week
 It was not sunshine and roses
 I didn't wake up inspired and excited and have tons of confidence and wanted to publish like it came
 Usually me waking up and dreading it and then going and doing it and then as I started doing it
 It was like oh actually do enjoy this. This is kind of fun, right?
 It was weird to me because two days ago
 I was working on this webinar and all day the office was having fun
 I was doing it and I got home and then I was you know first I was excited tomorrow
 So we fun to work on it, but then again
 I even he happened and it was crazy and kids to get to bed at midnight
 And I'm asleep at one and my alarm is going off at six in the morning and I'm just dreading going the office
 Like I don't want to open the slides. I'm too tired. I don't want to work on it like I'm miserable right
 uninspired low confidence like all these things and then I but I woke up I did the thing got out there
 Got the officer working on it and then as I got back into it again
 It became fun and I enjoyed it right and then eventually I'm gonna do this webinar
 I'm gonna be stressed out so I pulled you know all lighters ahead of time and do the webinar and this gonna make a bunch of money
 And then I'll make celebrate and all I'm gonna remember is a celebration right the baby came out
 We made a bunch of money the you know someone got baptized
 Whatever the result was I was working towards right now. I remember that. It's all our members like how great it was
 I mean we did this this event the funnel hackathon event. It was interesting because
 I was teaching him in our webinar model. I was like we launched ClickFunnels
 You know I always tell them when to they should do a webinar week every single week for a year
 I was like I tell people that that's not what I did
 I was like I was doing at least a webinar a day some days two or three webinars a day
 And if you ever done a webinar like a two hour webinar it's like
 Working in nine hour or eight hour workday, right?
 So you're doing three back to back to back six hours of straight webinars
 Like in my head. I remember this amazing thing in me closing sales and like how amazing it was
 But if I'm honest with myself it was horrible. I couldn't talk. I was tired
 I had no energy. I didn't want to be there
 I didn't want to do the second let alone the third webinar that day knowing that tomorrow I'd wake up and do it again and like
 You know and it's just interesting because I think our brain our brain blocks out so much those things
 So I'm not saying that we can't be inspired to have high confidence in those kind of things
 But my bet is in most situations
 Most mornings you're gonna wake up and you're gonna be
 Uninspired and a little confidence. You're not gonna want to publish not gonna want to go out there
 You're not gonna want to do a webinar not gonna want to publish a podcast
 You're not gonna walk knock doors. You're not gonna want to go read a book
 You're not gonna want to write a book
 You're not gonna want to whatever the thing is right because that's the reality of life at least as far as I've experienced it
 I try to think back like if one with a time the mornings have woke up super excited and there have been some I
 Can tell you there have been but they are few and far between
 The thing that gets me moving in the morning is not the feeling of inspiration or confidence or anything in the morning
 It is the vision of the thing at the end
 Right it was me knowing I wanted when it stayed titled not just knowing
 I want to be a state champ right
 But knowing like in my heart and my soul and my gut like that's what all I wanted
 Like I said I wanted life was that wanting to get my hand raised so because that I was willing to go through anything
 Right like my coaches said you got to lose 30 pounds this week which happened every week week
 I was like okay like hey you you've got to go run four miles right now you gotta do this
 You like like I just said yes to everything because that was the goal and that was the like whatever took to get there
 I was I was okay with it
 So the vision the goal is the thing but doesn't mean you're not you're gonna feel
 The things I think we want to feel right. I want to feel like wait the morning
 I want to go run I want to go do these things I want to go
 But I don't think I ever feel those things and maybe I'm maybe I'm the one this mess up
 I don't know but but if I'm honest with myself, I don't I remember really feeling those things
 I don't remember any morning when my alarm went off and I woke up feeling like I wanted to go around feeling like I want
 To go with weights again, you know, maybe every once in a while, but it was rare
 The thing that was a constant was like this north star
 It was the vision and you get in high school. It was it was winning a state title and it was being an all-American
 That's all I could dream about like I sit there without any food or water in my stomach for weeks
 You know for not weeks but days at a time
 miserable cutting 25 30 pounds a week every single week in a week out over and over and over again being thirsty beyond
 Any kind of anything you can imagine
 Those who have never cut weight before you think that they're being hungry is harder like that people like
 Skip a meal like I'm so hungry like hunger pains are easy
 Thirst pains are bad like you skip water for a day your hunger pains disappear
 And you can not eat for a week fine, but that those thirst pains like keep you up and I like
 and
 But again like what was the thing it was it was the vision
 And it was doing it when you're not inspired doing it when you don't feel like it because you're not you're you're normally not gonna
 Feel like it like right now. We're 60 days away from like you like I have so much work to do
 We are rebuilding three different coaching programs, and I'm tired. We are I've got six
 Six core presentations nine total presentations for life and I've had started on I'm rewriting a core webinar that I have to do
 We've got film dates. We've got events. We've got
 Like if you guys saw my schedule for the next 60 days
 You would you'd probably laugh or cry or a little bit of both and I tell you what I don't want to do most of it
 But guess what I do want to do. I want funnel hack if I have to happen
 I want when it's over the night the funnel I have ends might go to bed at night. There's this feeling that I
 Don't know it's it's not as good as getting my hand raised wrestling
 I'm not gonna lie
 But it's it's this feeling and I felt it before I feel like when holding's done you see people you see their change
 And you see them leave and you go home and be in your room for me and just like
 We did it like that feeling
 That vision and seeing how the like the ripple effect that will come from that room from the from the 3500 people who be in the room
 Like that ripple effect that'll come out from there around the world like that vision of that like for me
 It's it's a tangible visually. It's it's like I can see
 Like for me, it's like I see the audience
 I see this huge rock going boom and hitting it and the ripple effect goes
 The 3500 people in the room then from there goes out to millions and millions of people around the world like that vision of that is what gets me
 moving and going right
 And for some reason like I wish I keep thinking and wishing like that vision would make it so whatever morning inspired
 Excited with energy, but it doesn't because the reality is like
 if that's all it was was the vision I think we'd be able to
 You know a division affected us so we felt so good. It was easy that it'd be easier, but but for me at least it doesn't so
 Anyway, if any of you guys got a secret let me know but for me, it's just waking up thinking about like
 This is the this is the thing so I'm working towards I want it
 I'm going for it and then start the process and like I said after I started the process usually if like it feels good, but that it's initially
 That initial momentum. That's not fun, right?
 Like the initial waking up and going to the gym is not fun, but then if you're lifting it's like I actually enjoy this
 Right getting up getting dressed in the office not fun. Start working your slide. I actually enjoy this this podcast episode for example
 My brothers who does my podcast is going out of town
 He's been asking me for a week and a half for some from three episodes and right now
 It is 11 27 tonight and I've been dreading this podcast all day long
 I've been thinking about it and talking about my and like talking to myself out of like dreading it literally
 I don't want to do this podcast. I don't want to do it. Like I don't tire. I just want to go to bed
 I got so much stuff like I find out I kids to bed now
 Lasting the world is published my podcast lasting on a date
 But now I'm 14 minutes and 25 seconds into it and I'm actually really enjoying this like I go for another two hours
 Like I'm feeling the energy it now, right?
 But initially you don't have it. So I think that's the biggest thing is just understanding that like
 It's the like initial momentum, right? That's the hardest part. You're gonna morning wake up in your animal mental like getting back into momentum
 That's a hard thing and so most people most humans on this planet never get back into momentum. There's like oh
 I may just stop right so the thing that's got to get you from this this
 Stagnets stop spot. It's like either the memory of the vision or the dream of the vision, right?
 When I was wrestling was the memory it was the dream of being a state champ, right?
 Right now it's the memory of last year's fellow hacking live and experience that I felt afterwards like that's the thing
 It's that gets me out of bed in two momentum and the momentum I start feeling more inspired
 I start feeling more confident I start like listening start happening, but they don't happen
 Raligate most mornings you're gonna wake up not wanting to do with the thing you got to do
 You're not gonna feel good. You're not gonna feel inspired have confidence any of those kind of things
 So it's like you gotta have this vision that pulls you into momentum and then momentum picks up and that's me start feeling good
 It's having fun and right now I want to go film 12 more podcast steps codes
 Which is good because my brother told me I need to give him three by tomorrow
 So this is the first one I've got two more tonight
 I'm really excited about one of them
 so I'll probably do that one next because now I'm in momentum and feeling good and
 Anyway, so help the helps
 I think the biggest thing that I want to share is just that if you're struggling every morning for any of you guys like that's okay
 So do I every morning
 Very very very rare to wake up and like yes, let's go like this is the thing right?
 It's it's unfortunately not there and I don't think there's there for most people and
 If it is there for you like that's amazing like run
 Means you're you're you're waking up already in momentum start running don't stop
 But for most of us it's man like making that vision cycle to talk about for wrestling so clear so vivid
 So like real that you would go through anything to get it
 Right like what I first time I saw someone want to stay title and I was like that's what I want more than air
 Literally like more than food more than water more than friends more than anything and he came that real that tangible that vivid
 I can like feel it tasted touch it like smell like envision it like that's
 When I was willing to do anything I did do anything like literally
 It's insane things we did to get that goal
 And same things went through business, right?
 Like when we started building click funnels and I started seeing at first it was hard for me
 Because I didn't know it was gonna become what it was right like I tried to build click one
 I was three times before and every time we'd failed so Todd's like I'm gonna go click fun
 My cool if we started building it, but soon as I saw and I was like oh my gosh, this is this is really good
 Okay, like
 All right, and I saw the vision what it could be then it was it was like crazy
 But if I remember back we used these hack fonts to harden fly out before we launched click phones
 It's been three weeks and Boise and we would go all day all night and like sleep for three or four hours to get back up and keep going
 And I don't think it was fun like looking back now the nostalgia of it's amazing
 Like all these are like the greatest times of our life like times. I'll never forget but in the moment they were horrible
 I did not enjoy them. I was tired. I was miserable. I miss my family miss my kids miss my
 Things that we noted this is actually gonna work like, you know, there's all these things but
 But we did it because I'd seen the vision Todd had seen the vision we knew there was something there
 And so we we pushed and we pushed and we pushed and we grind through it and now
 Looking back
 Those are the best times so you got to do it in spite of the the uninspired
 Spired of not feeling worthy or ready or whatever
 Get yourself momentum like hook to the vision hook to the thing you have and start running. So anyway, I hope that helps
 We guess probably not the answer you're looking for, you know
 I wish I had a better secret magic button, but it's just understanding and realizing every morning like all right
 I don't want to move but I got it. Let's go. So hope that helps
 Thanks so much everyone for listening and have a great night and we'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay, and the phone over in your text is
 2008 2 3 1 3 7 9 7 once again
 It's 208 2 3 1 3 7 9 7 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can
 Add me to your phone and then we start having conversation on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you were on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208 2 3 1 3 7 9 7 one more time
 That's 208 2 3 1 3 7 9 7. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
