 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing secret podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 (music)
 Everyone so I'm out walking I just threw the garbage out and if you look out here is
 Giving close to Christmas time Thanksgiving's over those who are watching the video. These are the lights that we have wrapped around our house
 lighting up for
 The Christmas holiday, which is kind of fun. So I'm just gonna walk around here so you can see my face giving a flight to
 Connect on camera with those who are listening in. Hope you guys had an amazing holiday
 Thanksgiving getting ready for the end of the year
 The end of year is always fun time for us marketers and entrepreneurs because it's the focusing and planning for the beginning of next year
 Which is coming soon, right?
 So it's kind of fun
 We got not this week the next week Todd and Ryan and everyone's
 Find here to Boise and we're gonna be doing a big partner meeting and planning out the rest of this year and world domination for next year
 Set our big hags a big area to audacious goals and figure out what we're gonna do and then have reverse-engineing that to make it possible
 It was kind of fun. I was watching
 Last year a podcast that last year that basically said these were our goals
 And so here's the five Hail Mary passes we're gonna do to try to hit these goals
 Okay, if you have a list of podcasts rewind about a year ago and listen to it
 And that's what's gonna be the goal of this meeting is we're gonna set our big goal
 We're trying to do and then I'm not gonna have like one execution plan
 But here's four or five things we're trying to get that goal and if one or two of them hit
 They will hit these crazy big goals. And so that's what morning we doing not this week, but next week
 So I'm sure I will be doing podcasts from there
 Talking about it, but I'm excited for that if you haven't done that yet make sure this year before the new year
 you spend some time and
 block it out with your your team and
 And do that and figure out again
 What's the big goal and the reverse engineer? What do you got to do to make that happen? And then from there?
 You'll figure out three or four different big Hail Mary passes that you got out of throw to get your big goal. So
 That's kind of what we're gonna be doing. I'm excited for it and
 It's be fun. So what I want to share with you guys tonight real quick for I head back in because they're really beautiful
 night. It's not too cold and
 Just kind of nice for a little walk around the yard
 so
 What I have been working on on my side and I talked about this a little bit after inner circle meetings is
 One of the big my big aha's it's kind of funny how you go through cycles, right?
 Like we know things be forget him and you really realize him
 But the Doc on Secret Book we talk a lot about value ladder, right?
 And it's funny because ever since we launched extra secrets haven't talked too much as much about that
 It's extra secrets all about figuring out like the first part like to who in the what like the what in the house
 He's like what are you selling and how are you selling it?
 So it's like figuring out how to create your offer and how to position yourself and create your mass movement and figure out
 What you believe in what you don't believe in it?
 And what's your future based cause and who are your people and like all those kind of things, right?
 And then you create a message presentation to get people to follow you to sell your products and that process takes a little while right?
 You got to read your presentation four or five or six times
 So you get it perfect and then I drive traffic and then you keep doing that and eventually if you do it enough times
 If you follow the process and you do webinar live every single week for a while
 And you keep tweaking and changing based on what we talk about in the in the book
 Eventually you hit it and you know you hit it because you go from zero million dollars fast, right?
 That's going to figure out the what and the how what is this you're actually selling and how do you sell it, right?
 So actually that figured out now the next phase is really shifting back to the Doc on Secret stuff, right?
 So now you got customers coming in and this is where entrepreneurs start freaking out, right?
 Because then they start talking about the value I need upsells and downsells and and back ends and front ends and and they start going crazy and
 And what I wanted to talk about is just kind of
 The big aha I had from inner circle meetings. I'm watching the people that are crushing it and the ones who are struggling and
 The consistency amongst the people in inner circle are killing it
 Is that most of them came in they had one thing figured out and they got that working. That's about time to join the inner circle, right? And
 Because people need to be making about a million bucks a year to be in there
 So it's kind of like the fit right so they came in their group then and then they're trying to figure out okay
 What's the next how's it all work and really interesting is that
 The people they're they're growing the fastest what they're doing is they're very systematically building out the back end of the value ladder
 okay and most about value hours are simple it's like there's
 True in fact traditionally most people who are making money that they focus on the middle first right like the webinar or something at that in the middle
 And they build out so they build out the back end so like the back end whatever that thing is
 And that's the yeah the middle in the back end like it stops. You don't keep creating any more back end stuff like that's
 That's the end of it and then what your business is moving forward is
 Creating new front end offers that bring people into the middle of value ladder which then send people to back end
 And I started looking it was interesting. I lost my way. I'd forgotten
 These lessons that it's funny. Um, I kind of like created the talk of seekers book that I forgot some of them
 Uh, it's been a while since I kind of revisited those those thoughts
 And what I realized is that my value ladder was like it came up and it kind of split off and then it kind of broke off and there's like
 All these different things people could do and it was we were monetizing a bunch of them, but um
 But there's confusion right and so it's interesting. There's actually two programs that we have
 Both would do well over a million bucks a year that I am turning off boom boom
 Not because they're not awesome. They are not because I'm making money. They are because
 They don't
 They're they're deviants they deviate off of the value ladder, right? My value ladder is very very simple
 Um moving forward and so the rest of this year i'm trying to get these pete things in places to kind of execute on that
 But it's very simple. What it is is we have a webinar
 Where I sell click funnels
 um funnel building secrets, which is the new funnel hacks
 um
 Funnels scripts and traffic secrets those full products bundled together along with six fun months and click funnels for $2,000
 Okay, that's what I sell. That's the thing. I did a webinar a couple weeks ago. I did really well
 That's that's what I sell. That's my middle my value out $2,000 thing. I'm back into that. We have our two common club coaching
 Um
 Which we'll be releasing here probably at the live event
 Um, and that'll be where we're gonna get one too. And that's that's the value ladder. That's the back end
 Inner circles full so not trying more people in there. So we're going
 $2,000 for click funnels and then whatever the pricing is on the two common coaching that's coming up
 And that's it and that'll and that won't deviate that won't change that'll be the same for forever
 And then all I will be doing this point forward
 For hopefully the rest of my life and the rest of my business career is just creating cool front end
 So I have the dot-com secrets book, which is a front end then we have the expert secret book
 Which is front end eventual of traffic secrets and marketing secrets and other ones, right?
 Um, perfect webinar all these other things I'll just be having fun creating front ends
 But the only goal of front end is to give people then to ascend up to the 2000 and the 2000 to common coaching
 And that's that's it. That's my business
 And I figured out the cool winning ways to sell front ends and that all I'm doing is selling front ends, right?
 um
 That's it
 And so it's very simple. So all your creative juices and entrepreneurship beyond like figuring out the next
 Event and next back and all kind of stuff should be simple. It should be just like what's the cool front and we can we can drive more people into
 Um
 And that's kind of the game. So I'm excited
 You'll see this um some of the tweaks I'm making now with this severe hyper focus on value ladder is
 Okay, somebody buys the extra secrets book. Okay, if I know that this is my severe hyper
 Focus thing like what's the process I take? They buy the book
 And they go up so down to process the thank you page. I have a live presentation right there of me pitching the 2000
 Our thing
 Right right there and now if they finish that then it's like hey you want to apply for coaching come here
 And it's just that's that's the process very simple very easy and we'll just replicate it over and over again. So
 Anyway, I'm simplifying my business simplifying my life and
 Hopefully those years listen this will simplify earlier not later because sometimes we get all excited and then next thing you know
 There's like a billion things happening and
 Yeah, so some fun now. Anyway, that's like I'm gonna go ahead in right now
 Get to bed because we got a crazy week starting tomorrow
 Shall we sign it for them? And hopefully this gives you guys a couple things number one. Hopefully gives you guys
 Some thoughts on doing your team core planning meeting with you and your
 Partners if it's just you and your employees or whatever it is. It's just you your spouse or just you they sit down and
 Plan next year's goals
 Figure out reverse engineer what you need to do to actually execute on that hit them
 And then figure out what the three or four big Hail Mary passes are you gonna need to throw?
 Do you'll get the big goals and then
 Number two is really map out your value ladder and try to simplify it as much as you can and that's what I'm doing. So
 You guys will see it come in january 1st a bunch of new fun clean simplify things will be coming out of team ClickFunnels here
 So I'm excited for it
 That's all I got if you haven't very takes fun hiking live yet
 They're getting close to being sold out with a ton of them over this last weekend
 So if you're having tickets yet now is the time go to funhackinglive.com
 And um, that's about it. So with that said you guys appreciate you all thanks for listening thanks for subscribing
 And we'll talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert seekers.com
 And book number two is called dot com seekers and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back sass startup company in the world
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
