 What's up everybody this is Russell Brumson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast and today I've got a rant
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brumson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody hope you're all doing amazing as I said during the intro today
 I've got a little bit of a rant and this is a rant not out of being upset more out of love for somebody who
 Who reached out to me Instagram their day and said some things and I wanted to grab the person and spotcoach them on the spot
 And just like I see what's wrong, but instead I thought you know what there's more than one person who's got this is actually a problem
 And so I want to I want to do this as a podcast so that it will not only help her but hopefully help everybody
 So I'm not gonna tell you her name or situation or story or anything
 But I'm gonna kind of tell you a little bit of conversation
 I'm gonna do a little bit of rant and hopefully it'll help somebody else out there who's listening as well as her as well
 so
 Some of the the really really quick backstory. This is somebody who has kind of popped in our community a couple times
 I've seen her a couple events and and
 She's someone who is definitely trying putting forth the effort and so I'm I'm that's why I'm aware of her and and
 I'll kind of leave it at that
 She came to an event we did last year for our high-end coaching clients as a guest a letter coming kind of attend
 And then and I've seen her some lucky live a couple of her spots
 And so I'm like really sad I'm like this looks like you know good things are happening momentum's happening
 So I was really excited and then I didn't hear anything from her for a while and then
 I don't know a week or two ago. I got a message on Instagram asking her if I would help with this with this project
 She's doing and I don't I get like 8,000 messages a day on every platform
 So I just am not able to respond everything so unfortunately
 I don't respond to most things unless it's something that really pops out
 So I didn't and she messaged again and then she messaged again
 And she was like you know what I'm selling is very similar to what what my room was talking about in this thing
 Like can you help me?
 Can you be the executive producer for this documentary?
 I want to make so kind of caught my off guard and I responded back. I think if I can pull up my my response here
 Keep the recording going hopefully
 So my response was why don't you just do a webinar and sell the training direct?
 There's a proven model works over and over again sounds like you're trying to gamble on an unproven model
 Crowdfunding for a TV show don't try to reinvent the wheel just follow the model is proven work, right?
 She was trying to say I'm doing this crowdfunding thing for this TV show
 And what you'd be executive producer and it's gonna tell my story and from there
 We're gonna sell my course the teachers how to do this thing. I'm like, okay, you can do that or you can do the model
 It's been proven by thousands and thousands and thousands of people that we know works beyond a team
 He's just modeled the proven thing as opposed to running down this rabbit hole on something makes no logical sense
 Nobody's ever done before because you think it'll be easier than doing what actually works
 Right, so that's what I said and then she responded back. She said my honest answer
 I wrote a webinar which is awesome. Yeah, congratulations. It sucked. Yeah, it should suck the first one you can do is always
 Like I knew it did so I never even launched it then I went to funnel hacking live 2019
 I joined two comic club X thinking that get help the help I needed to write it that didn't happen
 So that was that was the thing so I wrote back I said, okay, I'm gonna do a rant today inside the two comic club X group
 I'm gonna sing a little frustrated, but it's out of love. I won't use your name
 That I'm sure other people need this. Hopefully it's gonna give you a clear roadmap and she wrote back
 I'm not in the two comic club X group anymore. They kicked me out when I put my account on pause
 I have no more credit on my cards. Okay, so I've got a couple of things I want to talk about
 Tied to this the first one is wanting to listen to how she phrased these things because this is so so so so
 So essential to your success. Okay, the second you put your success on somebody else you automatically failed
 Okay, I want if I could grab everyone of you guys and just yell this to you notice what you said she said
 I joined two comic game X thinking that I'd get help the help I needed to write it that didn't happen
 And then I'm on the group. They kicked me out. Okay, notice them both those situations. She put her success on somebody else
 Okay, I joined this so that I get the help that didn't happen
 Okay, so she didn't get up. She didn't want although the fact we've got
 Nine full-time coaches four coaches including Myron Golden Stephen Larson Julie story at all of which are amazing at things
 We live calls weekly
 Between all the coaches we like like the help was there. She didn't get it
 I don't know if she thought someone was gonna come to house and ride it
 But she didn't like it's there like the people were there
 I was like you have to grab it and take it
 You've got every single call whatever single event like like jump on the coaching calls jump on the open office hours
 Like the things were there, but she said I didn't get the help I needed. Okay, so I I just wanted like to put that out
 And then they kicked me out when I put my kick so I stopped paying and they kicked me out
 Like this she's putting her success on somebody else. Okay, the way the way that
 If you're taking and I said everyone to comic book
 Extreme ownership by the way, so hopefully everyone's read that book if you haven't you like like
 like that's a big tweak first off, right? So I'd be like
 My first feedback is is you need to take hundreds are responsibility for yourself. It's just
 and
 like
 If this was the answer like my honest answer wrote a webinar and then I launched it
 I tried it didn't work so I tried it again. I tried it again
 I tried it again tried it again tried it again tried again
 I'm 10 times didn't work then to comicalbacks then I was on every single coaching class as every single coach the question
 I got feedback inside the groups inside the other things I went through the 10x training 50 times
 I watched your webinar a hundred times like those are the things that if she would have taken personally
 Responsibility for those are the actions that help you have success the webinar. It's not a mystery, right?
 I wrote a book on it. We did the 10x secrets training, which is inside the coaching program
 We have all the coaches all the staff all the people all like like it's a proofing model half of the people inside the
 Comicplex are doing this thing like if you just jump in and do it there anyway, and then
 And then again like they kicked me out of the count like they didn't kick you out account
 You kicked yourself out of the can't you stop paying and I understand if you ran out of money
 I totally respect I understand that but they did not kick you out you kicked yourself out by not by not continuing to pay like
 It's just like this little phrase it seems in inconsequential, but it's so freaking important
 Okay, don't put your success on somebody else's
 Garrett White spoke a funny life three years ago and he this whole rant about
 For each of us individually says and one of the pieces was that you're a you're a leader not a savior
 Like our job is not to save you our job is to lead you and we are leading how many webinars have I done how many like inside the members
 There's like 15 different webinars that I've done that were successful
 You can watch you watch over and over and over again all my staff all my coaches all my people all the like everyone knows
 How to do webinars like the the access is there
 But the problem is that you wrote one and then you thought it sucks so you never did it like like ah
 All right, so
 There's the first part of the rant was just personal responsibility like it seems so little but it is is
 Everything shifting that from like I just I just you know they kicked me out. I didn't get the help
 I was expecting I didn't I didn't like like no no no no no like you have to shift that because until you do you always
 Always be a victim in the situation. Okay, so that's the first piece of advice. I wanted to kind of put out there
 Now what's your second piece of advice and it's funny as I was as I was thinking about this this morning
 It's funny for those of you guys who go to to church and I'm assuming it's true in any church
 But we go to church and they're always like you to pray and you do repent and you do us right and you're like
 This is the same message you keep help me every single time and it's like well
 It's the same message that everyone still needs us what we keep on saying it right?
 And I feel like it's almost the same thing like I think two years ago. I did a I did a podcast called
 This is your business plan or your business model for the next 12 months and in there
 So basically you need to a webinar week live every single week until you're a millionaire
 And if you do that every single week for for a year you'll be successful
 um and that's the next the next piece of advice here
 Is that you said I wrote a webinar it sucked the market didn't tell me but I just seem to suck
 So I stopped trying like no that is that is how you don't have success
 Well, you have success as you write a sucky webinar
 Then you get people on the sucky webinar you do it and you suck
 Then you look at the feedback from that sucky webinar
 You make the tweaks you make it a little better and then you do it again
 And the next time you suck a little bit less and you keep doing that every single week for an entire year until you're a millionaire
 Like that's it. It's not that hard
 Okay, like that's that's the model. It's it's the thing that we
 the thing you just it's that's I don't even know what to say
 So I'm thinking because um I did that podcast two and a half three years ago
 The time I did is when um, it's funny because Brandon and Kaitlyn
 Uh, we're launching lady boss the time they heard that and then they did a webinar every so many can boom now
 They're doing like 40 or 50 million bucks a year
 And I can tell you a handful of inner circle members who listen that podcast and then guess what they did they went and boom
 you know did uh
 Did uh
 Did these huge, you know have built huge companies often so um just like if I was at church and say you need to pray
 You need to repent you need to do what's right. I'm gonna do the same day now
 I'm gonna actually insert that podcast episode right here
 Um that way you guys can go and listen to it again and realize that this is still the same message
 It has not changed my advice for the next 12 months the same as the vice was back then for the next 12 months
 Like you need to be doing this over and over and over and over again
 So person who this is podcast is specifically for
 Take the crappy webinar you wrote and then do it live
 Don't retweet interchange it or hope that somebody else is gonna
 You know take your responsibility and then rewrite it for you like this is your business
 You're only cares about it
 Therefore you're the one that has to do the work and you've got to do it
 And then I would go and plug into every single group and like go find people say
 Can you listen to my webinar and ask people questions and then and then after you do go watch my webinar and then watch um
 Five other people find Liz Benney's webinar fine
 Any graces webinar fine and kaolin pollens webinar watch all the webinars and watch them again
 Okay, some of the people that have had the most success webinars told me at russell i've watched your webinar over 50 times
 50 times how many times you watched my webinar if you dissected it have you written it out?
 Have you figured out how would you change this for your market?
 If not you're not trying hard enough you're putting the blame on somebody else. This is your responsibility to do the hard work
 Okay, I guess not it's not it's not my my role. It's not my team's role
 It's not anybody else to roll except for yours. We are not your savior. We are a leader
 We are leading we are we are going in trouble raising and leaving back all everything we're finding here's all this stuff
 Just take it but you've got to be responsible for it not me
 Okay, because I don't care about your business as much as you do
 Okay, just like nobody cared about my business. I was getting started man
 I can't do you how many times I failed over and over and over and over again
 It wasn't like on the webinar where nobody was there it was me failing on a stage in front of people like that is embarrassing
 Super embarrassing when my wife and I are broke and i'm flying across the country
 Leaving my wife with her brand new twins for for three or four days pay my own way to get there
 Paying for my own hotel and four or five grand in the hole and I step on stage and I speak and nobody buys
 I didn't call my wife. I was like hey, hon. Guess what?
 Um, she's like how'd you do? I'm like, oh, I did all right. So the time people bought like none. She like none
 like yeah, she's like well how like
 Like how much does it cost you to get out there? I'm like, you know about three or four grand in
 She go, why did you do that like because like I have to learn the skill
 Right, it's it's hard. It's embarrassing. It's frustrating. Right leaving my wife and our kids
 And not having the money not making a penny from the trip losing five grand to go and practice on stage
 Standing in front of a group of 100 people or 200 people and embarrassing yourself and having a single person move and walk the back of the stage
 That sucks
 Okay, but guess what? I did it week in and week out week in and week out week in and week out
 And we'll go and I sit during the event for three days watch every other present or present
 I take notes. What do they do? Why do they do that? How do they do that?
 How do they get people walking the back room? How they structure the presentation? What worked? What didn't work?
 Over and over and over and over and over again
 And now 15 years later
 It's easy
 Okay, but you got to put in the work first you gotta put in the time first
 Okay, and so this isn't and and and I wish that I can just do my whole webinar for me
 But guess what? Nobody cared about it like I did
 Nobody cared about my little ideas. It's set for me. I knew they were big
 I knew they were gonna change the world, but I had to go out there and learn the skill
 And so for you and again, this is for that one person. This is for everybody's listening
 Um, you need to take this personal responsibility on yourself
 Okay, this is your product. This is your services your business. Nobody else cares about it except for you
 Therefore you're the one that needs to make it successful. Therefore if you write a crappy webinar, you don't just stop
 That's the beginning point. We all write a crappy webinar to start then you go and you do it
 And then you do it again and you're again
 It's gonna suck at first because the first thing makes zero dollars
 You're gonna probably spend money trying to get ads to show up you're gonna be bribing people
 You're me going and spending 40 hours on Facebook and every group related to you trying to recruit people to come to your webinar
 And you can get a hundred people to sign up and one will show up and it's gonna suck and it's gonna be embarrassing you're a cry your eyes out
 But that's the path
 Okay, if it was super easy, guess what?
 Everybody here be doing webinar every single line
 Right, it's not so you got to care more
 Okay, and you can't expect anyone else to care you can't you can't put the blame on anybody else
 Extreme ownership, it's you you are the only person you're the one who's stepping out in the arena and you've got to figure this thing out
 Okay, and so that's that's the goal and if you're too shy or you're introverted. I get it
 So am I I hate talking to people
 Okay, but if you really care about this business and your mission and stuff then you've got to go out out of your way
 To go out there and and ask the questions
 Jump on the coaching calls go into the Facebook groups talk to people trade them say hey, I
 If you know, I'll work for free for you if you'll review my webinar. I'll do this for you like whatever it takes
 And it's gonna be uncomfortable. It's gonna be painful. It's gonna suck at first. I get it
 But if you really want this thing to happen like that's the path
 If you don't that's cool go back and do whatever you're doing before you I don't care
 But if this is the path you want to I just want to paint a really clear picture. This is not all sunshine and roses
 Okay
 It's hard it's hard work
 But no one ever said that changing the world is gonna be easy
 So if you really do believe in your product your service and you really do want to change the world for the people that you've been called to serve
 Then this is the path
 And you got to do it over and over and over and over again. All right, so that's that
 I'm gonna I'm gonna stop talking for a second and I'm how my brother go and find uh the podcast episode that I did
 I came I've been three or four years ago now, but basically it was uh, it was like
 I remember I was either december or the beginning of the year and I was coming home
 And I I will map to I said this is the business model from next 12 months if you just next 12 months
 Um, you will be financially independent and uh that
 That calling that that
 That statement that phrase is still true today
 And so i'm going to post it here. It's saying me I talked about the expert secrets book
 Um just because I haven't been ringing that bell as much as I mean, it's not true
 Um, it's still still the path of still the process still exactly I do if I'm starting over again today
 Um live so i'm gonna have an insert that right now
 And then i'll be back here in a few seconds. Hey everyone, uh, hope things are going amazing for you head over to the office today
 And just keep um getting more and more excited about how simple and stupid
 This uh, my plan is for next year
 Like the end goal is always world domination and the strategies changed
 You know so many times but
 Look at the people in our coaching group that made the most amount of my like the things that made me the most amount of money
 And it's all had to do with one core focus
 Comes down to this i've taken notes right down right now fierica are pull over
 So you can focus 100 because this is the key
 Okay
 And I talked about this on my periscope the one that I told you guys about yesterday. We did 150k sales on it. Um
 The key
 Is having a live event
 Every thursday and you're the one singular goal of your entire company is to get
 At least a thousand people a week on to that webinar
 That's it kind of like the whole apple a day keeps the doctor away
 1000 registered so week for your webinar keeps
 my flowing
 Um, we're doing the math on that like let's just say and i'm number's in front of you because i'm driving as you guys know
 But let's see a thousand people weeks to register right so this is all sources so facebook
 Um solo ads email ads
 Uh twitter social media like everything you're doing is all pushing towards this one event is happening every single week
 You're just focusing on that
 Okay, and so you're doing that you guys say you thousand people is to register
 From that you get 30 percent show up rate right so that drops to 300 people now show up
 And then you're called to action. Let's say you close you follow the perfect webinar script
 Um, if you don't follow it you get like 1% closure you follow the perfect webinar script your 10 percent close rate
 So that means of the 310 30 people give you a thousand dollars from that webinar
 Okay, and so you just made 30 thousand dollars. Okay now the math on that
 Let's say you're you should be averaging between three and five dollars per webinar registry
 So let's just say we spent five dollars per registry. We got thousands you paid five grand and you made 30
 Okay, and what is that if I was talking to my kids right now? I'd say son you call that arbitrage. Okay
 I put in five thousand dollars on monday through thursday. I get thursday night. I get 30 000
 Back boom, but I didn't just get that because a couple other things are gonna happen second off
 from thursday night till friday saturday sunday we're gonna be focusing on
 our replay sequence
 Okay now there's a lot of things you can do in your replay sequence. You can just send out the replay you can send out
 urgency and scarcity we talked about a couple of days ago you can um do a whole bunch of
 Cool things, but if you do it right you should be able to double your sales from the replay sequence
 Okay, because think about it. You had a thousand register only 300 showed up
 Can only can a percent of people bought so you know 30 people out of a thousand that means you got a whole crap ton of other people
 Haven't bought yet. And so your job is to follow up those people and give them to buy
 Give them some urgency some scarcity do some cool things that we do a periscope
 um ran closed friday saturday night trying to get them to buy whatever it is
 But you're pushing these people to take action and to give you money and to close if you're right you should double your sales means
 That 30 000 is now turned into 60 000 so you're at five thousand dollars in 60 000 back out you have more than 10 extra money
 um
 That week which is pretty good right you're like sweet. This is a good business. I put five grand in on monday
 Like at 60 000 back out by sunday midnight and then you do that every single week. So let's say that was all you did
 Okay, and I don't have a calculator here and i'm not some more enough to do the math while i'm driving, but if you do that
 60 grand times
 52 weeks what's that end of being whatever three million bucks or something right in your cost five grand times 52 weeks
 You're at what 250 grand so you put in quarter million bucks you made three million or whatever that is like
 That's a great business. That's more than most people will do ever
 um, so that's really really exciting right there, okay, so that's
 The first step in this but the second thing to think about is every single week you're adding a thousand people to your list
 Okay, so by the end of the year you got 52 000 people on your email list and these aren't normal people people have gone through webinar
 registration funnel i've seen your indoctrination series they've been on your webinar they've been indoctrinated they've learned from you
 They've seen you pitch like those people love and respect you a lot more because of that process that you that you went through with them
 Right, and so now you got a better quality person and if you screw this up if you don't treat your list very well
 You should be averaging at least a dollar per name per month on your email list
 Which means by the end of a year you should be averaging an additional 52 000
 um
 In sales just from other you know exterior i know there's a different word for that
 But other things that you sell you sell that list right and if you do it correctly and you follow the whole dot com secrets modeling
 You do a value ladder and you have upsells and and you have um
 You know high ticket wet things and you have other webinars and things like that
 Um, you you should make a lot more than that
 Um, you should make five or six million bucks off of that list to be a hundred percent honest
 And all that came from one
 Solitary focus
 One thing the apple a day it came from every thursday. We do a webinar
 Monday through thursday. We fill that webinar
 Friday through sunday. We we do we close the deals
 And that is the fuel like that's that's the business
 Okay, and uh, I just today right for that's the office
 I went in on thursday's and I went from for me. I do mine at noon from noon till two o'clock
 I put on recurring and said every thursday from now till the end of time i'm doing a webinar
 Some people say well do I do new webinar every single week? No, it's the exact same webinar
 Or else what shouldn't I do it automated? No, you shouldn't maybe someday, but right now you're gonna do it live
 Okay, I've done my funnel hacks webinar at least 30 maybe 40 times live and i'm gonna do it live
 Um every thursday next year that I am in the office
 And I will automate it the days. I'm not there. I'm gonna do it live in a couple reasons why you're like, well, why would you do live?
 It's the same picture also it's probably worked for a word and it is at this point
 This is the reason why on thursday's when i'm doing a live webinar guess what happens?
 Everyone is focused on this live webinar so support staff's ready. We've got people in answering chat
 You know tech guys are watching everything making sure that you know everything's working
 We've got
 Everyone's focused and attention on this one event that's happening
 Guess what happens when you focus on something? It's really weird whatever you focus on will grow
 Okay, if you focus on how many leads a day you get that'll grow if you focus how many webinar registration should get each week that
 It'll grow if you focus how much money you want it'll grow if you focus how much weight you want to lose it will grow
 Or you'll lose whatever it is on outside
 This is weird thing that whatever we focus on grows so hey
 Let's focus on that
 And it'll grow and it'll get a better and so we focus everyone focuses on thursday. This is our sales day
 This is the day we all focus on selling
 Okay, monday through thursday's marketing thursday is sales and the rest of it's follow up
 If you do that you guys that's prescription for an amazing business next year
 I was talking to liz bending and I told her i said liz i
 I've seen you and you were running the webinar model consistently you you have the right numbers everything was working as like
 Um, I told her i was like I think that you could do five or six or seven million dollars
 I have a hundred percent face she can do it. I know she can and she knows she can but she's going to
 Um, and guess what she's doing. She's coming back to the same model going back to basics all of us
 So i'm doing it by hopefully my entire inner circle is doing i'm gonna be sending this podcast to everyone and forcing them to listen to it because
 This is the basics. Okay, again if my son was turning out and say son
 That is the basics. That's what we're focusing on and if we all do that collectively
 Um
 Will change the world in our own little in our own little ways. So that's what i'm doing
 Hope you guys follow suit. Uh, I'm excited. I hope you're excited
 And uh, it's gonna be a lot of fun now. I want to I want to warn you there's gonna be some ups and downs
 Okay, sometimes facebook's gonna kick you off sometimes other ad networks won't work anymore
 Sometimes you get crappleed sometimes your jv partners were screwed over
 Sometimes no one will show up to your webinar sometimes the closer they will work sometimes go to webinar
 I'll drop you or webinar jam or things are gonna happen and it's gonna be frustrating and annoying and lame and hard and you're gonna be
 Discouraged okay, and whatever time you get discouraged
 I want you to think about the apple a day
 Think about I gotta come back. This is a focus and every single week i'm gonna get better
 I'm gonna get better. Maybe the first we only get 10 people to register next week. I get 30 next week
 I get 50 at five make that my focus whatever we focus on what happens
 It grows so we're just are focusing on that
 And what's gonna happen the next 12 months is your business and your life will be transformed
 It can't not be and the lives of the people you're serving will be transformed
 Here's the rustle this is cool, but I can't afford to buy facebook ads right now
 I don't care if you can't buy facebook ads. It goes spam facebook, okay
 There's a lot of ways to get traffic for free and go out there and do it
 Okay, right blog post promote them go talk to people to dream vet doing venture
 Like there's other ways to do it
 And if you're if if you're excused is that I can't do it because of
 My facebook account got shut down. I can't do because I don't know any jv partners
 I can't do because of filling whatever excuse you want
 It's all those things are excuses. Okay, and there's a lot of people with a lot of good excuses out there
 But the ones who don't have excuses and just think how can I figure this out? They focus on it. It's weird. What happens when you focus again
 You get things done. It starts to grow so start focusing on what else can I do? I'm broke. I can't buy facebook ads. What else can I do?
 um, I just saw
 My man ryan from hardcore closer
 Just been watching he joined our inner circle a while ago been watching him. He's been crazy impressed with him like all the stuff he's doing
 um
 And just grateful that he joined because I have a chance now to see this glimpse of what he's doing. It's just been
 Amazing and I'm watching him do these blog posts and he's getting like
 Hundreds of thousands of millions of people reading these blog posts and it's just it's just he's focuses on that and it grows
 He said I saw him posted the day how his goal the first of the years he get a hundred thousand visitors a month
 And I think now he's gonna like a hundred thousand visitors a week or something crazy like that
 It's just it's it's what you focus on grows and he's doing that through free traffic
 They started making money and they started you know, spending some money facebook to boost those posts and that's the model like that's how it all works
 so
 Anyway, I hope that all makes perfect sense. You hope they get you excited
 I hope that it inspires you because that's the model my friends. That's what we're focusing on here
 That's how we're gonna take our company from eight figures to nine figures and beyond how you should be taking it from six to seven from seven to eight
 From five to six from zero to five. It's the model. It's what works. This was working today
 Um, and there's nothing else you should be focusing on. I don't think so there you go
 You've got it on a silver platter now on a napkin you have it in front of you
 You just got to pick it up and run with it and if you do
 Then I only want you to send me 10 percent of what you make. I'm just joking
 all I want you to do is serve other people help other people get your message out there and
 And hopefully you'll tell people how click fun along the way because we love it
 And it keeps getting better every single day. Thanks everybody. Okay, everybody. So there you go. There's the path now. You know
 No more excuses
 Once again extreme ownership. This is all on you. This is all on your shoulders. It's not me
 It's not your spouse. It's not your family not your kids not the market. It's all on you
 And as soon as you take personal responsibility 100 percent personal responsibility
 And you and you really buy into your omission enough that you're willing to do the uncomfortable things
 You're willing to lose money you're willing to go through the the pain of
 Jumping on the calls and talking to people and being getting outside of your introverted self
 If you like as soon as you're willing to do that enough, that's been sure I haven't success. So
 um
 On the softer side of the rant. I just want to say that
 Um first off, I believe in you guys. I would keep doing this if I didn't believe in you
 Um, I know it's possible. I see what's happened for me and for my family and for the business because
 Because I was willing to go through those painful things
 So I I believe in you like I know you can do it
 Number two like if you're in this if you're if you're listening to me and you're
 Obsessed with this stuff and you're trying to figure it out. Um, I believe that's not just because
 Just randomness. I believe you've been called and there's people you've been called to serve and it's important
 And that's why you have this thing that keeps drawing you back
 He's pulling you back
 And so listen to that that should be a guiding light that pushes you as you're as you're going through these
 The growing pains the pain of the struggle the pain of growth
 um
 Because it it does matter. It's not just you you're doing this for right
 I know that we're we're in business to make money for ourselves
 That's not why you do it you do it because there's people out there
 You've been called to serve and you've been called to change their life and so like like I
 Honor you for that if if there wasn't you wouldn't be listening to this you wouldn't be paying any attention to it
 So, um, it's worth it to learn the skill sets and to do the things you need to do to be successful
 so
 Anyway, the other resources you need
 Um, if you if you need more help more than read your stream ownership, um, and that'll help you a ton for everybody
 Uh, number two if you want to do webinars and really master it
 Um, if you go to funnelflix.com
 The the course is free inside of funnelflix
 It's my tenx secrets course inside there. I go through my breakdown slide by slide by slide
 I give you my slides
 Um, and then I have like 15 of webinars I've done
 So in all sorts of different products you can go and you can watch just see me do the pitch over and over and over and over
 and over and over again
 Stephen Larson told me when he first tried to do his first webinars
 He went to every webinar in mind he could find he ripped the audio put him on audio tracking
 Just to listen to him over and over and over again to understand what I said and how I said it
 Why I said it and my language patterns and my my tonality and all those things and he started modeling it modeling and modeling it
 Stephen had his first million dollar day like two months ago month and half ago
 Right from selling on stage following the process and so it's there in fact
 I even ripped the audios and put him in an audio book format for you so you can listen to it in your car
 But all that stuff's there. It's free inside of funnel flicks
 Okay, and as long as you're uh if you're a funnel flicks.com and you upgrade to the to the
 To our platinum level of click funnel just get funflix for free
 Just and then go into the 10x seekers training course. It's all there
 Everything I've got all my best trainings all there for free for you to go and master webinar
 Um, I've tried to give you guys every tool everything you need because um again. I can't I can't do your business for you
 I'm not a
 I'm not a savior. I'm a leader and I'm trying to lead you
 Um, but the only thing I can do in a leading is giving you like as I'm
 Trell blazing figuring crap out it's turned around and give it to you as fast as I get it
 And so if you want to master webinars, that's everything I got
 That's 15 years of me
 Trell blazing for you and giving you like here's the scripts
 Here's literally the power points or the keynote slides that everyone you want to use
 Here's here's 15 different times. I mean doing it selling all sorts of products and services
 Here's me. I show videos there of me doing it
 I think I have four or five different people one of our fat events
 Come on stage and I would uh in fast sensor funnel hackathon fhat
 I'm fat events we used to do um, but people come on stage. I would like
 With zero notice like what's your product? What's your service? I asked a couple questions
 I fill out the the pitch and I stand on stage and do webinar live for them
 um, it's like you all that stuff's in there like
 It's all there. He's gonna go to funnelflips.com and go in and log in go to the tenonck seekers training course and and everything's there
 There's nothing that I hid back like it's all in there for you
 Um, so if you want to master webinars like go master webinars
 You gotta do it over and over and over and over again. So
 That's like I you guys I spent a long one. I appreciate you all thanks for listening
 Um, I believe in you. I believe in your dreams. I believe the people that you are supposed to change
 Um, I believe that their lives are waiting for you to to become who you need to become to be able to change their lives
 So this is the calling for you take personal responsibility step up
 Become who you need to be to change their lives
 And as you do that everything else will take care of yourself. You have to make enough money
 Um, all those other things will will fall into line as long as you shift the focus from you to them
 But it's all in you personal responsibility
 Um, all right, that said appreciate you all thanks for everything and we'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing in each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
