 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast.
 Today I want to talk about one of my new favorite books and some co-learned in it that I'm doodling
 for a book that I'm writing and I just got to bring down that. So hopefully don't mind.
 I'm going to share some cool stuff with you right now.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital
 for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers.
 Alright, so the name of the book is Outwitting the Devil by Napoleon Hill.
 And if you have not read this book yet, it is insane. Kind of the story behind it.
 Napoleon Hill wrote this back in 1930s and it was about a conversation he had with the devil
 about how he can like tempt people and get them to fail in life which is really really fascinating.
 And we don't know if it's a true conversation or just something he made up but either way the book isn't say the good.
 So he finishes it in 1930s like a year after he wrote Thinking Grow Rich and then he didn't feel like he should publish it.
 He was scared. In fact in the book it talks about why the devil is like this is why you shouldn't publish it,
 why you're not going to publish it and all these things which is kind of crazy.
 So he never published it. Then he passed away and his wife got it and she read it and she's like I'm not publishing this so she didn't publish it.
 Then she passed away and it went into the hands of the Napoleon Hill Foundation.
 And a couple years ago somebody found it and read it and was like this is really really good.
 And so they called up Sharon Lechner who I had a chance to recently talk to her and get to know her which was really cool.
 Sharon is the one who was kind of like the co-author and the CEO for a long time of the Rich Dad Poor Dad brand.
 So if you've heard her name before it's because everyone knows the book that says co-author by Sharon Lechner.
 So anyway so when I found the book she's like the she's the one who put this whole book together.
 So I had a call to her last week and she told me that they called her up and said we have this manuscript you should check it out.
 And she's like I was the fourth person to ever read it. I'm like what this is the craziest thing in the world.
 She read it and they decided to publish it. She put it all the work in to get it and they had script live and they launched it.
 And now I believe it's in 40 languages she said which is really cool.
 But for some reason I never read it and I wish I would have a long time ago.
 But it's amazing. And so in the book it starts off with Napoleon Hill kind of telling the story about how he got to the sort of spot in his life before this conversation with the devil.
 And the first couple chapters are kind of slow because it seemed totally short they're really good but it's all like leading up to this conversation.
 And a lot of things he talks about earlier like were essential for the conversation to actually make any sense.
 He meets the devil he's in this courtroom with him and he has this chance to tear get him and the devil has to tell him anything he asks.
 So he is asking all these things and it is so fascinating.
 So you know my brain works in Doodles so as I read this book I'm doodling out the concepts and the principles and how they fit and where they tie together.
 Anyway I'm going to be having a chapter in my new book that goes deep into this.
 She has a chance to see my doodles someday. But for now a way to visualize the doodles.
 Basically there's a person at the very top and there's two choices they make either faith or fear.
 Every time something happens to us in our life we can choose faith and just move forward to faith or we can have fear.
 Those are two opposite things and those are the two choices.
 So everything is tied to either faith or to fear.
 So I have a little arrow going left to faith and right to fear.
 Kind of diagonal.
 And in the book the devil says his goal is to get everybody to become what he calls drifters.
 He says that right now he controls 98% of the population of man and they're all drifters.
 So drifters somebody who is not pursuing things not doing the right things.
 And the other side the two percent of the people are people who have what he calls definitive of purpose.
 They have a purpose. They have thought. They know what they want to do and they're executing trying to achieve that thing.
 So those are two things.
 If you fall fear you become a drifter like 98% of the people or if you fall of faith then you are one of the two percent who followed definitive purpose.
 Defended purpose is like you have a goal.
 I want to accomplish the thing I'm going towards. I'm going. I'm trying to get it.
 I'm trying to achieve it. I'm trying to do this thing.
 So that's the direction.
 And it's interesting is like when somebody does have to defend a purpose with a 2% in the books they're talking about.
 Here's the things he does to give somebody from this thing with a definitive purpose.
 Whether you are using faith how do I get them to become a drifter.
 It has all these tools. One of the tools is when someone's got to finish a purpose and they build a business and they make money.
 First thing they happen to do is eat a whole bunch of food because they eat a bunch of food.
 They get tired. They less likely work hard and very easy at that point to get somebody to become a drifter.
 It sounds like one example. He has a whole bunch of different examples of things he uses to get somebody from the side of faith to the side of fear which is really fascinating.
 Then on the fear side he talks about all these different things he does to get people into fear.
 And so it's interesting is there's the six most effective ways he gets somebody to have fear.
 So the fear of poverty, the fear of criticism, the fear of ill health.
 Number four is the fear of loss of love, number five is the fear of old age, and number six is the fear of death.
 He said the two most powerful tools he has to get somebody to have fear are poverty and death.
 If you can get somebody to be afraid of poverty then you can control it.
 If you get them afraid of death you can control it.
 They said but then the two things that are most powerful and actually controlling people and keeping them in fear is number one is poverty.
 So if I keep people broke and poor then I can control it because now there's so many fears.
 Like I can't do this because when you're poverty you're on the ability to go and do a lot of things.
 So it keeps you in a state of fear and the other one is ill health.
 If you're not healthy then you're a state of fear all the time too because you're not sure how your body's going to function and you're going to do things and stuff like that.
 So those are the two ways he actually controls people and keeps them in fear is through poverty and he'll help the two most powerful things he has.
 And if Nari talks about the habits he creates and it's really cool but all these things he does to get somebody to first off, initially make the decision of fear.
 And then from there how he ties those things and locks you in so you stay a drifter for the rest of your life.
 And that's kind of the premise of this book.
 It's like you've got two choices have faith and pursue things with definitive purpose or have fear and become a drifter.
 And like I said in the book the devil says 98% of people he has control of them become drifters which is crazy.
 And so that's kind of interesting as I diagram down and start mapping out like well for me like one of the things I needed to make sure that I'm not acting in fear.
 How do I act in faith? How do I make the correct decision?
 And as I start looking at this graph it's like here's all the things that he's trying to do to get me into fear to make me become a drifter.
 Let me look at the opposite side. How do I act in faith? How do I make sure I have definitive purpose?
 How do I when I do have success? How do I not make sure I don't slide back over become a drifter?
 How do I keep pursuing keep progressing and things like that?
 It's really fascinating.
 And then in the book it shows it talks about this thing that ties the universe together and it calls a hypnotic rhythm.
 And this is where people get into it when you get into hypnotic rhythm it's hard to get out.
 And so at the bottom of this graph I kind of drew it looks like a big whirlpool.
 It says hypnotic rhythm that's working to keep you where you're at.
 And he said the hypnotic rhythm works on both sides.
 He said if you're someone who has definitive purpose hypnotic rhythm that becomes your routines and your habits and your things that after you've got things in place in your life they become hypnotic rhythm.
 And typically you'll stay there right?
 Or if he can get you to become a drifter and over there he can create hypnotic rhythm that's going to keep you there.
 So hypnotic rhythm serves both sides.
 It's just what are the habits you have.
 You have habits that keep you unhealthy that are helping you struggle.
 Making you all these things make you become more of a drifter.
 Those habits will become hypnotic rhythm and you'll stay in that whirlpool forever.
 Or the opposite is true as well.
 Or if you act in faith and you have to have a definitive purpose when you're doing these things that hypnotic rhythm will stay with you and it's easier to stay there as well.
 So anyway it's super fascinating.
 I can't wait.
 When our next book comes out you guys you have a chance to go deep and see my doodles.
 But for now I highly highly recommend going reading, outwitting the devil mind of Pauline Hill.
 It's just an amazing book.
 And I would recommend if you do listen to the audiobook because in the audiobook the guy who plays the devil his voice is really cool and you have a chance to hear him debating back and forth in Pauline Hill.
 And it's pretty cool.
 Anyway so that's kind of what one of my fun things I'm working on right now is just diagramming this concept and these principles to be able to include in my notes.
 But it's amazing.
 So I went into the devil's awesome.
 I know a lot of you guys are listeners who have read C.S. Lewis.
 I have not read C.S. Lewis's book shit.
 But I know that there's a whole book, I think a couple books actually, like the Screwtape Letters where it's kind of similar premise where it's like how these devils, how they try to convince people to do what's wrong and it's kind of written in that same perception.
 So I'm thinking about the same perspective as the same perspective as opposed to like here's all things to do right.
 It's like well what is Satan?
 What is the devil?
 What's he trying to get you to do right?
 And anyway it's just fascinating.
 So I love the book.
 Highly recommend it.
 It's something good to read.
 Read that book.
 But look at it through that lens.
 I'm like okay I want to learn how to protect myself right.
 How do I keep acting in faith and stop acting in fear?
 How do I focus on definitive purpose?
 How do I move forward until I've gotten the spot where I'm in hypnotic really when I'm not going to break free from it?
 And what are all the tools that devil's going to use to try to get me to become a drifter?
 And if I'm a drifter right now what things do I need to prepare myself?
 How do I break free from this fear?
 And these things and get back to a state of faith.
 Get back to a state of faith.
 Get back to a state where you're focusing and you're moving with definitive purpose.
 Anyway super fascinating and I hope that you guys enjoy it.
 In fact Josh Forty is going to come out next weekend and we're going to do a podcast interview on this.
 And so I'll probably go a lot deeper into it but this will be the preface for you guys and you have a chance.
 I'm sure we'll post the outwind of the devil podcast here in a couple weeks.
 You have a chance to hear me and Josh dive deeper.
 So you have a little window now between you hearing this and that next interview.
 Do go and read the books and come back and we have an intelligent conversation about it.
 Have some fun.
 So with that said go read the book and then in a couple episodes now you have a chance to hear me and Josh go deep on this concept.
 So there you go guys.
 Appreciate you all.
 Hope you have an amazing day and we'll talk to you all again soon.
 Hey everybody this is Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing.
 Pull your phone out and actually text me a message.
 Okay, the phone over your text is 208-231-379-797.
 Once again it's 208-231-379-797.
 When you text me just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list. On top of that every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-379-7.
 One more time that's 208-231-379-7.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
