 (dramatic music)
 - You're listening to Marketing Secrets
 with your host, Russell Brunson.
 - What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today's episode we are talking about funnel hacking live.
 Yes, we're still talking about it because
 it's like a ripple effect.
 It's like you throw a rock into the middle of the ocean
 and this ripple effect starts happening.
 And there were 5,000 of you who were in the room
 and that was like the rock hitting
 and I'm watching the ripple effect happen.
 Watch people's businesses grow,
 watching people finding their messaging,
 figuring out finally after all these years
 figure out how to deliver their message
 and the way they get people to actually buy,
 how to do the right things, how to get the right funnels.
 All those things are happening.
 And so I don't want that ripple to end.
 I want to keep the energy going.
 And also inspire you guys who don't have your tickets
 you have for next year, do not miss this.
 This is a once in a lifetime opportunity
 that will change your life forever.
 I've had people tell them before
 that there was their life before fun hacking live
 and after fun hacking live.
 Well, sometimes we have these moments in our life
 that we define things.
 Before I was married, after I was married,
 before I moved out my parents' house after,
 like before my first kid after,
 before fun hacking live after, right?
 And it really is that powerful.
 Like it's not just like, yeah,
 like if you've been to other events,
 it's not like that.
 It's why you understand that.
 It's hard to explain it all.
 You experience it.
 You can experience it a little part
 when you go to funnelhackinglive.com
 and watch the videos and stuff.
 You can experience it a little bit.
 Hopefully this podcast will help to like,
 to draw a little bit of it
 but until you're there in the room,
 in the room where it happens,
 it's hard to really illustrate it.
 So anyway, so that's my goal.
 Let's try to give you guys some insights
 of what's happening and why and make it amazing.
 So day number three, which is technically day number four
 because day number zero was a day in Kennedy Day,
 but day number three, yeah, that's the day we're on.
 It was amazing.
 Oh, so cool.
 So the day led out with Brendan Richard.
 So Brendan's been a friend for man.
 Since we were both getting started about the same time,
 we were going to,
 I met him at Arm and More in "Big 7"R.
 He just read his book, Life's Golden Ticket.
 And I was like, I want to write a book someday.
 And that's what we kind of met in the hallway talking back then
 and we've kind of fallen at each other for years
 and connected and reconnected and fell away
 and reconnected back and forth.
 And anyway, this is the second time in "Fun, Like Life."
 First time in "Fun, Like Life" became four or five years,
 three years ago.
 He did one presentation on a seven day live launch
 and then he also did a presentation
 which was as high before his habits.
 And this year I was like, what else do you have?
 And he was like, I have a really cool presentation
 he wanted to give to help people with their psychology.
 And like, you know, one of the biggest things
 that we find in this business,
 or honestly in anything, is it's less about the tactics
 and the skill set and more about the belief in mindset.
 And so Brendan wanted to come and share some stuff
 to help unlock everyone like in their minds
 so they could be able to actually take
 these things we're giving and use them.
 It's actually this weekend.
 I was here at the office.
 There was a big fight this weekend.
 So we put it on our event room.
 We played the UFC fights and we had tacos.
 Everyone hung out and one of my friends was in the room
 looking all too comical for us.
 He was just like, man, this is so cool.
 And I was like, the only difference between you and them
 is they believe they can do it.
 That's it.
 It's belief.
 I've told you before, I can have a click fund.
 I'm the head chair leader to get all the belief.
 This is actually possible because it is.
 And that you can actually do it because you can.
 And that's where really what Brendan came in
 and helped unlock that for people,
 which is really, really powerful.
 After Brendan spoke, we had one of our fun-liking live.
 Like one of our people from our community, Bill Allen,
 who's in my, he was in category Kings last year.
 So in my coaching program, I have Inner Circle.
 I got category Kings and I got Atlas.
 And so Bill joined the category Kings last year
 and spent a year with us, which was so awesome.
 And this year, he upgraded to the Atlas group.
 But he and I, Bill is someone who goes deep on stuff.
 I told you guys in earlier episodes, like I love,
 I love having people speak on stage.
 You take something that I kind of introduce to our community,
 but then they go deep on a piece of it, right?
 And so I've talked about Value Ladder before.
 I've talked about Hero's Journey.
 And Bill took these two principles and we'd them together.
 I remember when they're getting a voxner from them,
 he was like, Russell, if you thought about this,
 it was showing me how like each tier of the Value Ladder,
 if you construct it correctly, each tier
 is the little mini Hero's Journey, right?
 Someone comes to you 'cause they're leaving their own area
 world, they go through the journey
 to try and achieve something, they achieve it.
 And if they achieve it, then like that's the end
 of that tier of the Value Ladder.
 And then you move them up to the next tier
 and there's a whole new journey.
 And he's like, when I figured that out in my business,
 he started showing me how he architected each tier
 of the Value Ladder to actually have the entire Hero's Journey,
 take them on that Journey, and then identify them.
 What is the transformation they're trying to have?
 What is the achievement they're trying to have
 with this phase?
 And I figured I'd see that in reverse engineering
 each tier of the Value Ladder, and the funnels
 and the events, everything associated with that tier
 of the Value Ladder, all tied back to the Hero's Journey.
 And I might sit here as these voxners
 and be freaking out, as you can imagine.
 I'm like, oh, you took this, and you just
 squished them together into this amazing thing
 that I never even seen before, it's so powerful.
 And I think Bill might have actually been
 the first person I asked to speak,
 I was like, dude, do you gotta talk about that fun
 like in life, it's like, what?
 That's amazing.
 And so he spoke on that, it was so cool
 to see someone in our community, and somebody
 who's been killing himself.
 And it's funny, because he has an event called
 Flip Hacking Live, also FHL.
 But the person he had bought his business from
 and modeled after ours, and so he does it right after ours,
 and so it's kind of fun, because he comes
 and watches a Facking Live, and then through weeks later
 does Flip Hacking Live, and he just models
 like what we do with all the things.
 But it's just really cool, this nugget of thing
 that he brought to me into the community,
 that's just like, oh, how cool is that?
 Because you're building your Value Ladder each tier,
 like tying the Hero's Journey into it,
 and they're figuring out all the pieces,
 and we do that correctly, man, that's what gets people
 to ascend, because they just achieved
 and transformed it away in that tier of the Value Ladder,
 and had the success, now that I'm looking for the next
 Hero's Journey to Go On, and if the next tier
 of the Value Ladder matches the next journey
 that they were gonna want, then their natural
 ascension's gonna happen, like it was just
 super cool and super powerful.
 After Bill spoke, then we started going through
 different tiers of the Value Ladder, right?
 If you notice, typically on day three,
 then I'm talking about Value Ladder stuff to begin with,
 and then I go through different tiers of the Value Ladder.
 So Perry Belcher came, and Perry started talking about
 low ticket funnels, but using premiums.
 So instead of just selling it, having a book fun,
 like attaching a premium to it,
 so attaching a T-shirt or a mug or something like that,
 or taking a digital thing and attaching,
 like he did with his credit card and knife, right?
 Like, attaching premiums to offers to increase conversion
 and value and scalability, and it was really, really cool.
 The only downside is that I was doing an event,
 or I was doing a presentation later that day,
 and in that I was showing an example
 of the Sports Illustrated, the Sports Illustrated's
 premium, you know, Perry calls it a premium,
 I call it a myth key, but they're similar to the scenes, right?
 And he showed the infomercial from like 1986,
 or 1983 where it was, and I had my slides the exact same one
 as I was working on that presentation,
 and Leon, who does my slides,
 he was sitting there, and also we're watching Perry
 on the TV, and this side is working on slides,
 he's like, "Wait, that's the video that you're showing."
 I'm like, "He stole my videos!"
 We literally both had the same example video on both of them,
 'cause it's such a powerful thing,
 so I had to take it out of mind,
 'cause Perry spoke before me, but man, Perry's brilliant.
 I love his stories, I love his storytelling,
 but also just this principle of attaching premiums
 to any of your offers, and it's crazy.
 Like, you know, I see this all the time in Final Acculae,
 where we sell a $25,000 coaching program,
 and then I'll give away a sweatshirt
 when the people sign up, and that sweatshirts,
 the thing that pushes them over the edge, right?
 It's just like those little premiums,
 like how do you create them and craft them in a way
 that gets people to move?
 And so that's what Perry talked about, which is cool.
 They moved up the value ladder, Anthony Morrison then
 came in and talked about webinars for the next presentation,
 which is kind of like the middle tier of the value ladder,
 like understanding and mastering webinar presentations,
 which was awesome for Anthony.
 And then after that, then we went up,
 one more tier up the value ladder, which is Joe and Eileen,
 who are talking about high ticket selling virtual events
 to sell high ticket products, right?
 So those kind of funnels.
 So again, during that morning session,
 we went from low ticket products to premiums,
 moving up the value ladder to webinars,
 up the value ladder to high ticket virtual live events.
 And again, if you took the lessons
 from Bill's presentation earlier,
 like how do you wrap the heroes journey,
 all three of those steps is the secret.
 So I mean, that morning before lunch of day number three alone,
 like I could write a book on that topic.
 In fact, it's kind of like the dot com seekers book,
 but we went even deeper on some of these core principles.
 And so, man, anyway, it was amazing for those who were there,
 like you know, those who were not there,
 like hopefully, you know, we don't have replays you up
 in the future if we open replays or something,
 make sure you take advantage of it.
 'Cause that nugget, those nuggets from day number three
 alone were powerful.
 So hopefully it gave you some stuff you could use from that.
 Then after that, we had lunch.
 After lunch, we had Jamie Kurnleyma come,
 and Jamie's someone who's been a friend now
 for the last couple of years.
 She built a company called It Cosmetics
 and sold it to L'Oreal for over a billion dollars.
 Came L'Oreal's first female CEO, which was amazing.
 And she's just such a cool person.
 And she came in on her own dime and came and spoke at our event,
 which is awesome, just to give and serve and to give back.
 And so she came and told her story.
 And her story is crazy.
 It was not like I was all sunshine and roses.
 I had success.
 It was like, it was brutal.
 And like so much work.
 And she showed the story of what she did.
 And she had to go to it, overcome and persevere
 to create this business and this brand.
 And I think it gave everyone a very tangible, powerful things
 they could be thinking about and gave everyone this motivation.
 Just like, man, if she could do it through all those odds
 and reverse tech, I could do it as well.
 And her presentation was amazing.
 So that's from Jamie.
 After Jamie spoke, then it was my turn.
 And this is where I had a chance to do my--
 you know, a fun life of life.
 She has no eyesell one thing every single year.
 And it's our coaching program.
 And so I had a presentation.
 But it was weird because this year we
 opened a certification program.
 And we had two comic club X, which was the new version of it
 that we were launching.
 And it was tough because some people
 had new certification was the right thing.
 Some people had new two comic club X was the right thing.
 But I've seen people who do pitch two things at once.
 And it never works.
 If you try to make two offers, it just-- it bombs.
 And I was like, man, if we bomb, like we're
 like $4 million in the event before the event starts, right?
 If we bomb, like it can be really detrimental to the company.
 So I'm like trying to figure out how do we strategize this?
 And so I came up with an idea.
 For those of you that you saw it.
 But I was like, I came out after Jayman.
 I was like, I have two presentations.
 One is about how to become a certified funnel builder.
 And I talked about the benefits that.
 I'm like, the other one is like this thing called the linchpin.
 I talked about benefits that.
 I'm like, which one do you guys want?
 I have people who are like, funnel builder.
 Linchpin, everyone's going crazy.
 And I was like, ah, all right, who ever wants me to just do both?
 And they all went crazy.
 Ah, I was like, OK, I'm going to do both.
 And so I did the first 40 minutes.
 I did the certification presentation,
 which helped people see the opportunity
 of being a certified funnel builder.
 Then I transitioned over to him.
 I had the next 45 minutes on showing the linchpin
 and showing the opportunity to decide
 the linchpin framework, right?
 So I showed him both.
 I'm like, who ever wants this?
 And then started going back and forth.
 And they transitioned into the pitch.
 And what's crazy people told me, like,
 I didn't even know who's pitching.
 Like it was-- anyway, it was a perfect webinar,
 but very stealthy version of the perfect webinar.
 And then I transitioned to the cell.
 And the way to the cell is basically I was like,
 hey, if you buy two common clubbacks,
 you're going to get both.
 So the first thing is the funnel builder.
 And that gave me the ability to speak through everything
 they get.
 It's a funnel builder.
 Then I went through all the elements.
 They get two common clubbacks and went through the entire presentation
 at the end.
 Then we sold out for $25,000.
 And then I had one downsell, which is like,
 if you don't want everything, you just want to be certified,
 we do have that opportunity for $10,000 as well.
 Hand out our reforms.
 And then I finished the pitch.
 And it crushed.
 It was the highest sales we've had so far
 at a farm-acting live event, which is exciting.
 So one of the biggest things that I realized
 from this presentation-- if I give you one thing,
 the last couple years as I do the two common clubbacks pitch,
 it's tough because it's like one of the hardest things
 I have inside of what I do is that there's
 a lot of different funnels.
 There's this funnel list in this.
 And so in years' past, I'm trying to do like,
 here, we're in TJ's, all these core funnels.
 And it's hard because people are like,
 how do you train them in all these funnels?
 It's hard to do fulfillment on that.
 Last year, I was like, can I spray down to two?
 There's e-com or expert?
 These are two markets.
 So we partnered with Allison Prince and she taught the e-com.
 I taught the expert stuff.
 And that worked good.
 There's still people want to do both.
 They jump back and forth.
 And even the side of expert, I'm like,
 OK, we're going to do a challenge funnel first.
 And people are, I don't want to do a challenge.
 We want to do a webinar.
 I'm like, OK, well, we'll do a challenge funnel
 on the webinar.
 But I want to do high ticket.
 And it's like, it was just so hard.
 Anyway, it was-- and so every year,
 it's been a hard thing.
 It's like, I'm giving people options.
 And this year, the biggest takeaway
 is I cannot give people options.
 If you see Mandalorian, where it's like, this is the way,
 I was like, what is the way?
 And it was interesting about this time
 is when we discovered a framework, which
 is called the Linchpin.
 And it's the reason why ClickFunnels
 went from $0 to $100 million was because of the single Linchpin.
 It was so simple.
 It's like, it's very simple.
 But it's also very powerful.
 But it was because it was so simple.
 I almost discounted.
 We forgot about it.
 Next five or six years of ClickFunnels,
 we didn't talk about it.
 We didn't do it.
 We didn't focus on it.
 It was like, I missed the mark on my own framework.
 They built this, you know?
 And I'd re-membered it.
 And we'd applied it to the day in Kennedy business we bought.
 And it's blowing up Kennedy's business right now.
 Then we'd re-applied to ClickFunnels.
 In fact, the 2.0 launch, which is just barely finished,
 by the way, is when I'm recording this,
 we use the Linchpin model flawlessly.
 And it's insane.
 The numbers are insane.
 I came and shared it with you right now.
 I'll do a podcast episode sharing that.
 But it was crazy.
 And so when we did the 2CX page, I didn't tell people about,
 we could do this or this.
 I was like, this is the way.
 It's the Linchpin.
 This is the only thing I'm doing in my business.
 The only thing I'm doing, or the anybody should be doing,
 this is the thing.
 And by giving people the very clear distinct,
 this is the way that I think will increase sales more
 than anything else.
 What was I like, should I do this?
 I'd do this.
 It's like, no, people want to be led, right?
 Jay Graham, you said, people are silently begging to be led.
 Don't look at me to give them options.
 They're looking for me to give them the way.
 So what is the way?
 Well, for me, it's the Linchpin.
 It's all we're doing in all of our companies.
 So no longer give people, this is the way.
 Follows or don't.
 But if you're following us, this is the way.
 This is the way we're doing it.
 And so for you, if you're pitching high ticket,
 understanding that is the secret.
 This is the way.
 What is your way?
 That's the only thing you can be talking about is sharing.
 That was powerful.
 So the thing in sales, we're not awesome.
 Then we had dinner after dinner, I was so tired.
 But we launched the Bootstrap Awards, which I was nervous about.
 I was like, my-- because it's going to be good.
 It's like, I was-- all the nerves around it.
 But Bootstrap is something that I'm excited for the future of it.
 But it's the award for the Bootstrap Entrepreneur of the Year Award.
 And so I got up on stage and told my story
 about how I competed for Entrepreneur of the Year Award.
 And I lost to a guy who had $2 billion in funding and no profits.
 And I was like, I don't want to lose to somebody who's cheating, right?
 It's like steroids at a bodybuilding competition.
 Sure, Arnold Schwarzenegger was amazing,
 but he's all steroided up, right?
 He owned a natural bodybuilding contest for the rest of us.
 And so that's what the Bootstrap Award is,
 is to become the biggest entrepreneur event,
 or entrepreneur award in the world for companies who Bootstrap.
 And so this is the very first one.
 And so it's cool.
 We've done a whole contest this whole year.
 We have like eight finalists.
 And so each finalist had a chance to give a quick six minute
 presentation of what they did.
 And the audience all voted and picked a winner.
 And that was kind of it.
 And so it's cool hearing all the different presentations,
 having the audience vote, and then picking our winner,
 and giving them the huge award, which is like a 25, 30 pound,
 40 pound award to the bootstrap of the year.
 So we had eight winners in different categories.
 And then one who was the Bootstrap Entrepreneur of the Year Award,
 which was Daniel Rosen and Keenan, who are in my category
 Kings and Atlas now sharing their business.
 And it was cool afterwards that Daniel had a chance
 to give like a 30 minute presentation,
 showing their whole entire business.
 And it was awesome.
 They took literally ClickFunnels and Fodhaki Movement.
 And they modeled that in the credit repair industry.
 And so it was just really fun to see how they did that.
 And so that was our first ever Bootstrap Entrepreneur of the Year
 Award, which is something that now that is out there,
 you guys should compete for Finexure.
 Because it's fun, it's exciting.
 And we're going to be even bigger and better for next year.
 So that is the Bootstrap Entrepreneur of the Year Award.
 That's how we did it out day number three, which was amazing.
 So anyway, there you go, you guys.
 Three days plus the bonus day for like a night.
 We have one more day.
 I'll do one more episode talking about day number four,
 which is how we wrapped the entire day.
 The re-pitch, which are the cool things.
 And I hope you guys love it.
 So that's it.
 Thank you so much.
 And I'll see you on the next episode.
 (upbeat music)
