 (dramatic music)
 - You're listening to Marketing Secrets.
 With your host, Russell Brunson.
 Hey, what's up, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Show.
 I'm excited to be hanging out with you guys today.
 For so many reasons,
 but one of them is because we just got back
 from Funnel Hacking Live.
 This is our eighth Funnel Hacking Live ever.
 You just got done in Orlando, we flew home,
 and now we're kind of, well,
 we should be resting and recovering.
 That's what everybody says,
 but unfortunately instead of that,
 we are planning world domination.
 We have a two-day event for all of our new
 two-comical club ex coaching clients
 that's happening here in Boise on Monday and Tuesday.
 And in the week after, we got our ClickFunnels 2.0 launch.
 So it's just, we're an event season.
 I think we had eight events over the last like,
 you know, in the six-week window of time, which is crazy.
 But it's because when you know, in momentum,
 you don't want to stop.
 And so we are moving forward, having fun.
 But I wanted to spend a little time today
 just recapping Funnel Hacking Live.
 For those who were there,
 for those who weren't there,
 just all the things because it was such an amazing,
 fun, crazy, cool experience as a whole.
 And so next couple episodes, I'm going to go day by day,
 just some of the big highlights, big ahaas,
 the big things that were amazing.
 But I wanted to actually start today's episode off
 with a Facebook post from somebody who was there.
 And this one makes me happy because,
 this is someone who I met 12 years ago, I think.
 His name's Alex Navaas.
 And in fact, he posted a picture of me
 and him back when I was a tubby Russell,
 who anyway, didn't know how to dress anything,
 wearing my backpack at some event.
 And he talked about just, you know,
 coming to Funnel Hacking Live.
 And what was interesting, what I'm really excited for,
 and this actually is the fact that,
 I think what he shares a lot of people think
 about Funnel Hacking Live,
 and they see what I do and what we do,
 and they see the events,
 and they think that it's this big hype show
 for ClickFunnels, or for me.
 And the way he phrase this,
 I thought was really, really powerful.
 So I'm going to actually read this Facebook post,
 the best of my ability,
 'cause I think that, I'm sure it's a lot of you,
 it's probably Phil, who maybe see it from the outside,
 wondering, and so I want to give you a glimpse for those
 who haven't experienced each other,
 what is actually like an insight.
 So he said, "I come to Funnel Hacking Live this week,
 "it was the first time I've gone.
 "Part of me hasn't come because it's usually
 "around my anniversary, and my wife's birthday,
 "and we're traveling,
 "but the other part was that I'm not really a brand hype man,
 "and that's what I see a lot of people
 "posting their experiences.
 "It's all good that others are all about the hype,
 "I'm just not like that.
 "I'm not going to wear the shirt,
 "the backpack they gave out might be used for beach day,
 "if at all, and the thing is, I like Russell.
 "I've been somewhere in his ecosystem for over 15 years,
 "and in my way he's built.
 "I know he delivers, but my Travis home,
 "he basically bribed me to come,
 "and so I couldn't say no.
 "Can you go over my preconception
 "of what I thought the event was,
 "and actually seeing what was really going on
 "was pretty amazing?
 "I like to be proven wrong,
 "because that's at the center of growth."
 So as I was there, I understood what's really going on.
 See, my perception was that everyone was overhyped
 about the cliffhong's brand, the products were the event,
 but in reality, experiencing the room,
 the staff, the presentations, and the experience,
 you realize that the hype really isn't about
 the cliffhong's brand or Russell,
 the hype is around Russell's belief in his people,
 the audience.
 He built this hype machine so that you,
 in the audience, felt celebrated and believed in.
 The hype is all about the mission
 of every person in the room.
 It's about the dream of each person in the seats,
 and so he structures the experience around that.
 So is there hype, 100%,
 but now I know what the hype is about.
 It's all about us.
 It was all about me and my mission,
 and I can totally get behind that.
 The lesson is that it's always good to challenge
 the perceptions because there may just be something awesome
 waiting for you on the other side.
 Thanks Russell for being a champion of entrepreneurs
 and the dream chasers.
 It blessed me this week.
 So I thought it was cool because I know a lot of people
 think, oh Russell's just about hype,
 oh he's just excited, oh, there's no substance behind it,
 and I wanted, from someone who was there to experience it,
 that's what it's about.
 I don't care about me or cliffhongs,
 the celebrations that I use on entrepreneurs
 is why we created the awards,
 so we have the speakers,
 our 90% of speakers of people in our community
 who were in the audience last time,
 and now on stage sharing their message,
 and it's just a powerful experience.
 So I wanted to leave this podcast episode with that,
 and now I want to dive into some of the craziness of this year.
 So as you guys know, we went back to Orlando,
 but we picked a new hotel,
 and actually the hotel has the largest ballroom in America
 that doesn't have big columns in between, right?
 So you go to Hyde and Penn of Collin.
 If we go any bigger than this,
 we'd have to actually go to an event convention center,
 which I feel like if we go to convention center,
 we lose the heart of Funnel Hacking Live, right?
 Like I like being in a hotel where your rooms
 in the events center are close together, right?
 So you can stay up all night,
 networking, having fun, go to bed,
 wave back up, come back down the room.
 When you switch to convention center,
 just change to that feel, right?
 They're like, everything's so separate.
 And so we'll probably be here at least for one more year,
 maybe two or three more years,
 just because it's the only room
 that'll hold the Funnel Hackers now at this point,
 which is kind of cool to think about.
 And so one thing we did this year,
 we'd never done in the past,
 is we did a special,
 like when we have our event,
 our schedule for our team was like day one, day two,
 day three, day four, 'cause it's a four day event, right?
 And typically day zero is like our day of setting things up.
 But today, or this year, day zero became a special day.
 Day zero was actually Dan Kennedy Day.
 And so part of it was,
 a lot of you know about Dan Kennedy's company last year.
 He spoke lashes Funnel Hacking Live,
 and I think it was the first time he'd been on stage
 in five or six years,
 and they loved him, and he loved it.
 And so when we came back, he was like,
 "So am I gonna speak Funnel Hacking Live again?"
 He's like, "What if we did a special Dan Kennedy Day?"
 And we just went deep with all the lifers
 and people who, you know, and he was so excited.
 I was like, "Yes, we have to see us."
 And so we decided to do this day zero,
 the day before Funnel Hacking Live.
 Now a couple of things about it,
 number one, it was amazing.
 Number two, it made, for me and for our entire team,
 it made the week of Funnel Hacking Live even longer,
 which it's already a lot to do.
 But we decided to do this special day,
 and we invited everyone,
 basically people had to be an active member
 of the No BS newsletter, which by the way,
 if you're not an active member,
 make sure to visit our sponsor at nobsletter.com
 to get part of the Dan Kennedy newsletter.
 Every month we sent out a print physical newsletter,
 which made me amazing membership site and other things.
 But those who were members of that had a chance to come,
 I think they just paid $0.90 ticket deposit.
 And then obviously, because we're Funnel Hackers,
 when someone bought a $0.97 ticket,
 we upsold them a ticket to Funnel Hacking Live
 to come from the full five days.
 But you didn't have to come to the full five days.
 If you were a member of the No BS newsletter,
 you could come for just the Dan Kennedy Day.
 And so it was interesting,
 'cause before we did this whole campaign, Dan said,
 he's like, he said, "20% of the people who come will come
 to Dan Kennedy Day."
 He's like, "This is the numbers.
 I've done this a million times."
 And he was confident Dan Kennedy way.
 And when we did sell tickets and all of a sudden we've done,
 and I can't remember 800 and something
 than people in the room,
 it was almost exactly 20% Dan's like,
 "Yeah, I told you, I'm like, okay."
 He's just, the marketing, the head of this,
 he just understands this world and events.
 So it was kinda cool to see his prediction come true.
 And so we got everything set up for that day.
 It was fun the night before I actually had a chance
 to go to his room, meet with Dan,
 and I still am so scared, but I'm not gonna lie.
 But luckily for that meeting,
 I've invited a guy named Marty Fort.
 Some of you guys know Marty, he's a Dan Kennedy lifer.
 And we're trying to do some more projects with him involved
 inside the magnetic marketing company and brand,
 we're talking about to Marty about potentially coming
 and doing some challenges and live events
 and bringing back some more of the original OG Dan Kennedy
 stuff.
 And so I had a chance with Dan and Marty in Dan's hotel room,
 which was really nice because I got in there all awkward.
 And Dan's very much business-like,
 so what do you want?
 Like, just to hang out, you know, like, dorky Russell,
 and then let me, Marty, you say, "We'll pick up."
 And be like, "Hey, this is what we're thinking."
 And so, but that meeting went really, really well.
 And that night I went down into the room
 or Dan was gonna be speaking.
 And like, I remember I got in there,
 I was like, "Ah, the room is cool,
 "it wasn't quite set right."
 And so I called the audio video teams and everyone
 and Crescent does the whole production for ClickFunnels
 for Funlaki Live.
 So they came and had him re-change the whole room up.
 I felt so bad, but ended up looking so, so good.
 They gave a little private area for Dan and stuff.
 And then that night I went to bed next morning,
 it was Dan Kennedy Day and we were so excited.
 And it was interesting because,
 obviously I'm nervous,
 'cause I wanna make sure Dan has a good time,
 but also like, you know, it's day zero,
 that Dan don't wanna make sure everyone's having a good time.
 And so it's like, anything set up in the room,
 all of a sudden, Mark joined or walked in.
 And if you don't know Mark joined,
 and I'll talk about him, he spoke on day three, I believe.
 Maybe day two, I can't remember the schedule right now,
 but Mark came in the room and Mark was my first mentor ever.
 And then Dan was my second mentor ever, right?
 And so I was like, this is crazy.
 My first mentor sitting in the room
 as my second mentor is speaking.
 And eventually I ended up getting a picture of me and Dan
 and Mark together, which was like one of the highlights
 of my life, but anyway.
 So Mark was there a whole bunch of amazing people,
 and then we let everyone in the room.
 And as we were getting ready, we were backstage,
 and Dan came back stage,
 and obviously I was nervous and awkward.
 But when we were back there,
 just kinda, you know, getting prepared,
 it was so fun, 'cause I had never seen Dan like,
 like, I don't know, get easily the white room,
 but he was like so excited.
 And Mark was out there on the whole planning, something.
 And also like, you kinda like,
 you know what the sign filled with the side alert,
 like they saddle up behind you.
 Like you saddle up behind the person,
 and so I could see him,
 but the person behind him couldn't even stand in there,
 and all seen, he started talking to scare the person
 who was like basically towering over,
 'cause he's like, I don't know, six, three, six, four,
 he's a big dude, right?
 So he's towering over his person,
 they get scared, and they kind of separate.
 And then he comes in like, he tells two jokes,
 and then turns out and runs off, and like,
 what just happened?
 And then he just came in like, joke-bonders,
 and then took off again, it was kind of fun.
 So anyway, then the event started,
 I gotta bring Dan on stage,
 and then Dan had three presentations he wanted to give.
 And back in the day, Dan would just stand out there
 and just present, but, you know,
 ever since his sickness, we almost passed away,
 his eyesight, and one of the eyes isn't very good,
 so he doesn't can see slides and things as well,
 so he likes to have someone there to kind of interview.
 And so, I had to kind of outline where he wanted to go,
 so I had this opportunity to interview him,
 which was really fun, and you know,
 true Dan Kennedy fashion, he got into it,
 and it was just, it was the light.
 I had so much fun for the two hours,
 so we went for two hours, go back and forth,
 and it was about my presentation,
 I gotta interview him, and he called it,
 have the title right here.
 The methodology I took from varied sources
 for my success system that never fails,
 was how to like, create your own success system,
 what it looked like, how he kind of created his.
 And there's so many insights, my favorite line,
 he said at the very end, he was talking about
 being a radical, and like, sharing a message,
 everyone's thinking that nobody's dares to talk about, right?
 He talked about when he was first getting
 into this business, he would go into these rooms,
 he would tell, well, he thought it was the truth, right?
 So, whole like, no BS came from,
 like, I'm gonna give you no BS, here's the truth.
 And he said, when you do that,
 he's like, there's a third of the room
 who's addicted to like, what, you know,
 what the doctrine of the dogma is,
 and so like, oh, I think you're crazy,
 and the third room doesn't really care,
 and then there's a third of the room,
 he said this the way he said it was so powerful,
 he said, in the third of the room
 is always waiting for the radical to appear.
 He's like, that's your job,
 step in the room, be the radical,
 the third of the room will stand up saying,
 yes, find somebody who gets it,
 and they will follow you.
 Like, they've been stuck in that room
 'cause they didn't know what else to do,
 and they're waiting for the radical to appear.
 And everybody said that, like, I got chills,
 I was like, oh, that's a line,
 that should be a T-shirt,
 and a million other things, it was so good.
 And so that was kind of the first presentation.
 Then we broke the lunch,
 and then we came back, I had to go run
 and do a million things,
 'cause obviously FHL is crazy.
 And so, Jim Edwards, who is my partner in crying
 with funnel scripts, he also interviews Dan
 with me every single month,
 and I him and Dan got together on stage,
 and they went back and forth.
 And they're like a comedy show,
 like they're so much fun.
 I had a chance to watch them for a little while,
 and I had people who were in the audience
 sending me videos and clips,
 like, you guys are like,
 you started a Dan and Jim comedy show,
 but that was really good.
 So Jim interviewed them on two more topics.
 One of them was my adventures in 40 years
 of director of Fox marketing,
 and the eternal lessons I learned, which was so cool.
 And then the second one is called
 How to Develop Exceptionally High Value Lifetime Customers.
 And so Dan did those three presentations,
 and it was amazing.
 And so, when it got done,
 again, I was running and doing a million things.
 I knew that he was about to wrap up.
 I ran back over there to the room,
 Dan came off stage,
 and you could tell he was beats like,
 "I gotta go to my room."
 I'm like, "Yes."
 So he took off into his room.
 And then that's the exact same time,
 Justin Benton, who is in the room he walks in,
 and he walks backstage.
 If you don't know Justin Benton,
 Justin's my inner circle, he's awesome.
 He's been doing all these cool things behind the scenes,
 getting the library prepared for,
 some of you guys know I'm building this library
 and this crazy thing,
 I'm trying to collect all these artifacts.
 And so, he walks backstage and he's holding in his hands
 the original manuscript to Outwitting the Devil,
 which is crazy.
 I bought another manuscript in Napoleon Hill Road,
 and I literally paid $10,000 per page for this manuscript.
 And he's holding the original,
 Outwitting the Devil manuscript from,
 like literally my favorite book,
 is like, "Hey man, here you go."
 And he hands it to me.
 I'm like, "I don't know what to do with this.
 This is like the coolest thing of all time."
 Like, I'm mildly freaking out.
 There's all these people backstage
 and I had to be rushed off and I'm like,
 "I don't know what to do with this."
 I'm like, "Can you take it back?
 I don't wanna lose it."
 Like, I don't wanna break it.
 Like, Justin took it back.
 And he also, I'm gonna say,
 "By the way, it's like Napoleon Hill's typewriter
 will be here tomorrow morning."
 And I was like, "You kidding me?"
 Like, I'm literally, it's the same typewriter
 he wrote "Think and Grow Rich" on
 and the hero, Outwitting the Devil on.
 And the next day, my intro presentation
 from the funnel, for day one of Funnohacking Live,
 it was a presentation called
 The Drifter versus The Driven,
 which is all based on a principle
 from Outwitting the Devil.
 And I was like,
 "Now I have the actual manuscript
 and the typewriter here."
 And so I'll talk about tomorrow's episode
 because I'm gonna talk more about
 that first day, day number one of FHL.
 But like, anyway, he brought those things,
 which was so crazy to actually have those
 at the event and holding them in my hands.
 I didn't see the typewriter,
 but that night I got to hold the manuscript
 and I was just, it was crazy.
 And then from there, I had to race out
 because we were taking all the major circle members
 and the two comic club ex coaching students
 and two comic award winners
 on a special place.
 One year we took them all the Hogwarts,
 we read it at Hogwarts,
 we went there and ate and we had a big party.
 This time we decided to do the same thing with SeaWorld.
 And so I had to race over there.
 And I'm not gonna lie, Hogwarts was way better.
 I think we're gonna try to go back there next year
 for all my inner circle and two comic club members.
 Just you know, that's kind of game planning
 'cause Hogwarts was so cool last year.
 SeaWorld was good.
 They didn't really have a spot for us to sit down and eat.
 Like I felt like everyone's kind of standing and eating
 and it was more chaotic and less intimate
 and like, I didn't love that part of it.
 It was probably as highlighted the entire week
 was that was probably one of the lower lights of the week.
 It was great, but it was good, sorry, it was good,
 but it probably wasn't great.
 The best part though was we got access to the rides.
 And so my kids and I ran around
 and we did the, you know,
 a bunch of the roller coasters a thousand times over.
 I got, you know, character artists,
 character sketch me and Bowen, one of my sons,
 which was really cool.
 And you know, everyone got a chance to hang out
 and have some fun.
 And it was kind of a fun way to prepare for the next day,
 which was gonna be day number one.
 And so anyway, I just wanna share with you guys.
 That's kind of what happened on the first day
 of Funnel Hockey Live and the pre-day of Funnel Hockey Live.
 It was amazing, it was chaotic, it was fun.
 It was exciting, there were ups, there were downs,
 there were stressors, all kinds of stuff.
 But by far the best part of the whole thing was after,
 I got back from SeaWorld,
 I had a chance to actually walk into the event room
 where Funnel Hockey Live is gonna happen.
 And I wanna just try to paint a picture of this
 as best I can.
 This is a room.
 It's like the biggest room ever.
 And we had this stage that was like a football field.
 And we had a huge LED wall behind it.
 But then above we had an LED wall that was even bigger.
 And they wrapped around the entire, this huge room.
 And then they had these glowing orbs or balls
 like hanging from the scene that were dropping
 and moving back and forth and they were changing the color.
 And they had lasers and like, it was crazy.
 I'm sure you guys saw the pictures or the videos
 from everyone who was there, but it was really like this,
 like walking in, like took my breath away.
 I'm like, I can't believe this is our event.
 And you see the seats, you see 5,000 plus seats there.
 You know the next day that are gonna be filled,
 you wanna be all crazy.
 And I was like, I got the butterflies and the nerves.
 And for me, I always have to step on stage
 before an event just like, oh, calm though.
 So I'm gonna be getting out of the stage
 and looking out like where everyone's gonna be the next day.
 And I'm just like, I can't believe that this is gonna be
 full with our people, with Funnel Hackers,
 with entrepreneurs who are a little bit crazy.
 They're all gonna be here together.
 And I had this insanely cool opportunity to share it,
 to give and to try to change their lives in my little way.
 Which for me is such a huge honor.
 And so it was just cool looking out, realizing that like,
 this is what was happening and this is where it's happening.
 And this is my time.
 And so I went to bed at night, a little nervous,
 a little anxious.
 I stayed up for another probably two or three hours,
 going through my slides for my intro presentation.
 'Cause I was like, I gotta make sure I delivered tomorrow.
 Like everyone's coming from around the world.
 We have people from almost every country flying here
 to be part of this amazing experience.
 And I wanted to make sure that I was able to take them
 to a place that they'd never been before.
 They helped them to see what I know they're capable of.
 It helped them to believe that they're capable of it as well.
 And so that's the goal of fun I can live every year.
 That's what we're trying to do.
 This year we had a very, we definitely had a theme.
 This theme was the difference between being a drifter
 and being driven and like we're speaking to the driven,
 those who want more, who wanna accomplish more,
 achieve more, wanna contribute more.
 And it was crazy 'cause like that was the theme of my head.
 And I didn't tell the rest of the speakers that,
 but it was crazy how the next four days,
 like that message, that theme,
 giving every arch from a permission to like step up
 and step into their calling
 and to actually pursue the thing that they have desires
 to pursue, making them feel and understand that it's okay.
 That was what this event was all about.
 So it was awesome.
 I had so much fun.
 It was such a great experience.
 And so those who were there,
 thank you for being there, those who weren't there.
 I just wanted to give you a glimpse of kind of what day zero
 looked like before we get started.
 I hope you enjoyed this podcast.
 So if you did, please share it.
 Please tag me in it.
 If you got pictures during day zero,
 tag me, post all your day zero pictures,
 tag me in it, throw links to it.
 I wanna see what happened day zero for all you guys.
 Let the world know why they need to make sure
 they're at Funnel Hacking Live next year.
 We had over 5,000 people in this year
 that room will hold up to 7,000.
 So there's seats for 2,000 more of you
 to join us at the table next year.
 I'm not sure if there's an order for me.
 And if there is, there'll be one at FunnelHackingLive.com.
 So that's where you could go and get one if there's one,
 but make sure they're next year.
 You do not wanna miss the show.
 So there's day number zero.
 I hope you enjoyed it.
 And I excited next podcast episode of Die in the Day number one,
 which was the most insane day of all time.
 I don't even know how to handle it,
 how I can fit it in one episode and do my best.
 That said, thank you so much.
 And we'll talk to you soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 (upbeat music)
