 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 Today we're talking about day number four, the last day of funnel hacking live.
 To get those who were not there, a glimpse of what happened and
 those who were there to remember to remind you about the lessons.
 Hopefully you learned and on top of that to give you guys behind the scenes sneak peek
 of what was happening in my world while we were doing funnel hacking live.
 So hopefully you enjoyed this episode.
 All right, so it began day number four.
 If you remember day number three, I made the pitch for
 the certification slash two comic books coaching program.
 What happens to traditionally is that night all the emotional buyers buy, right?
 They go and they buy.
 And one of the things that we started doing is that somebody after they buy is
 they have a chance to come on stage and get pictures with me, with me and Todd, right?
 It's a way to like, head take that picture, put it on your wall.
 And now you see everything they remind you like, this is my goal,
 this is my future, so I'm working towards, right?
 And so all the emotional buyers buy that day because they want to get pictures,
 they want to get lined and we spend like three hours that night taking pictures
 that everybody takes forever, wears me out.
 But it's also amazing.
 And so day number four, at the beginning, the first half of the day,
 the goal obviously is to continue the event.
 But at the same time, it's to give people who are the logical and
 the emotional, sorry, the emotional buyers about the logical and
 the people who are who have fear to take the step, right?
 It's not just happening.
 So the way the day begins, the very first thing is like on stage and
 this session is called, my team tells me, this is basically,
 if one person had a question, it means probably 100 of you did.
 My team told me these are the questions you just kept asking.
 So we get those questions from the back of everyone who's on the fence trying to buy or not buy.
 And so I address them.
 So here's the top six questions people have.
 So I go and I address those everybody and it's basically to kind of knock down these
 fears that people are buying, helping them to just like get that out of their mind.
 Like, okay, I can buy because my big concern Russell,
 I'm a digresser from stage, I'm ready to go.
 So the session starts, my team tells me that there's eight questions or
 ten, whatever, how many it is.
 Questions are coming out and if one person has them, it means probably 100 of you do.
 So I'm going to go through these really, really quickly just make sure you get
 those questions answered and then we'll jump in the train and you'll get up to that.
 They say yes and boom, we do that.
 So that happens first.
 After I spoke, then Marie Folio, finally I'll find out correctly,
 Marie Folio came and spoke.
 Marie, first time I had a chance to meet Maria, I've been talking,
 I was introduced to her during last year's for Lacking Live.
 And then invited her to speak this year and she came out.
 And she was someone I was pleasantly surprised with.
 Like, I know if we were going to connect her to Jill and I was just like,
 after I was like, she was so cool on so many levels.
 So everyone's wondering, is Marie cool?
 She's amazing.
 Like, I really enjoyed her.
 She was awesome.
 Presentation was cool with a lot of like time management,
 which is something that like all entrepreneurs need, but
 we hardly ever talk about.
 So it was like super powerful from that standpoint as well.
 And she crushed it on stage.
 She was awesome.
 Like, I can't say enough good things about her.
 So Marie came and just did such a great job after Marie, then Ed, my life came.
 And Ed, it was the first time I had a chance to meet Ed.
 Ed came out.
 Ed's probably one of the best speakers I've ever seen.
 In fact, afterwards, like everyone liked different speakers for different things.
 But like the overarching feeling as a whole is like the best speaker from
 my speaking standpoint was Ed.
 Like his presentation was amazing.
 He had people crying and laughing and it was really special.
 The other chance to be in the room during that session,
 he was something that moved everybody, which was just, yeah,
 I mean grateful for him for coming and doing that, obviously.
 And then after he got done, then it came back.
 And this was my slot to do what's called a re-pitch.
 The re-pitch is where you gotta get people to the last, like,
 this is your last chance.
 Like, go sign up now or don't.
 But this is, it ends at this time.
 And I wait to turn in our numbers for how many people are coming to eat at lunch.
 And so this is the re-pitch.
 And so for the re-pitch, this comes back to day number three.
 So I told you during the day three, we were capped out this.
 But I wouldn't be admiring when we were on stage talking.
 I drew a picture of a brain.
 I talked about emotion, logic, subconscious mind and clothes, right?
 And so this is where we're right now.
 Like last night, all the emotional bodies bought.
 So I drew the brain.
 I read the straight things.
 I said, right here, all the emotional people bought.
 And I said, right now we sold the camera.
 Well, it's 400 and whatever people had signed up that night, right?
 I said, statistically speaking, means there's 222 of you guys
 who are still in the audience waiting to be sold either emotionally
 or logically from right here.
 Or you have fear that's holding you back.
 And so right now, you're just waiting for me to make a logical argument
 about why you should buy and give you some urgency and scarcity
 to make the fear thing go away.
 So I said, that's my plan for the next 20 minutes.
 So I told everyone at a time, this is what I'm doing.
 And that made the logical argument, which was like, anyway,
 I'm really proud of it.
 I did my logical argument.
 I was like, cool, how many logical people I understand?
 OK, you can step and go by now.
 And the rest of you guys, you're waiting for urgency and scarcity.
 So this is what we're going to do.
 Right now, we're going to take a 30-minute break.
 There's an account on clock.
 And the clock is zero.
 Your time is up.
 You cannot buy at that point.
 Clock is zero.
 Time's up.
 We're turning the numbers to the backstage.
 We're going to see how many people come to our new member
 luncheon.
 So you have 30 minutes.
 So for everyone who's fear-based and you're looking
 for urgency and scarcity, there you go.
 There's your logical urgency and scarcity.
 222 of you guys are waiting for you in the back of the room.
 Taking a 30-minute break, we'll see you guys then.
 Boom, we close it down.
 And it just went crazy.
 People were sprinting to the back.
 And we signed up even more than I had imagined from the three
 pitch.
 So the three pitch did really, really well.
 We had a 30-minute break.
 And the break came back.
 Then Garrett J. White stepped on stage.
 And as you know, if you know, you have no idea what's
 going to happen with Garrett.
 So I was nervous and excited and scared.
 All the things wrapped into one.
 And he gave an amazing presentation.
 He spoke.
 His wife came out and spoke.
 It was powerful.
 And one of the most powerful things at the end, which I was
 not expecting, which put me into an emotional wreck,
 was he had me and my wife and me and Todd.
 Todd and his wife come on stage.
 And they had Dave Woodward, who's
 were my best friends and our business partners.
 And we were right now, was fighting cancer and chemo.
 And he was trying to get the phone line, but wasn't able to.
 So he had his boys come up on stage with an iPad.
 And on the iPad was Facebook Live with Dave and Kerry.
 And again, I was just like--
 I was not expecting that already for that.
 And he had us all come on stage.
 He talked to us all.
 He had everyone in the audience speak to us and think
 us for what we've done.
 And then he turned us around.
 And they opened up the big LED wall.
 And there were these huge--
 these three huge--
 I'm not painting.
 It's like artwork made of records that always
 seems of-- of--
 of-- of--
 of--
 of--
 of--
 of--
 Todd Nashley and then Dave and Kerry.
 And presented us these gifts to us.
 It's like from the community of like, here's--
 here's these amazing art pieces we made for you.
 And it was-- it was emotional.
 Emotional seeing the art pieces.
 Emotional being the other on stage with my wife.
 Emotional having everyone in the audience thanking us,
 like, and then looking over and seeing my buddy Dave.
 What--
 who would have done anything to be there
 would not-- not able to be there.
 But to see his face and smiling and see him and Kerry
 and--
 anyway, it was a special emotional, hard, amazing moment.
 And that's kind of where fun-hacking live wrapped
 for lunch break.
 And so which was great because I had a chance
 to go back and ball my eyes out.
 But we broke for lunch.
 And it was amazing.
 And everyone went to the lunchrooms.
 I had a chance to go in there to lunchroom
 and just welcome everybody to the new 2CCX coaching program.
 And get excited and tell them about the future.
 It's going to be happening and kind of have
 that conversation with all of them in there,
 which was really, really cool.
 And then after lunch--
 well, actually, so during lunch, as I speak,
 I was talking to everyone else.
 And this voice came over to the loud speaker.
 And it was like-- it was Marcus Lomonas.
 He had borrowed one of the workers' shirts.
 He came-- I had a tray full of the clairs.
 He's like, Russell?
 Russell?
 They wouldn't let me in the room.
 I need to come say hi to you.
 And Marcus Lomonas comes in.
 I have some video footage.
 It's like the funniest thing in the world.
 But he came in and kind of just messled me a little bit,
 which was fun.
 And then after that, I finished my presentation.
 Everybody went backstage, hanging out with him.
 And he was just-- Marcus is so cool.
 He was running back in the back of the event room,
 selling t-shirts with the guys.
 He was running around meeting people,
 taking pictures.
 He's really fun at an event.
 And anyway, I had just a lot of fun reconnected him
 and talking with him, asking questions.
 And that was a really special moment as well.
 And then he came on stage.
 And it was interesting.
 His presentation style is so fascinating and different
 and cool.
 And he came on stage.
 And all the speakers, the thing comes up.
 The smoke billows out and all things crazy.
 And the printmate came up and there's no smoke.
 And so I'm like, oh, something's broken.
 And he had this rack with a bunch of coats on.
 He brings this rack of coats out.
 And he's like, I didn't want to smoke.
 I don't want to anything.
 And they start dressing, such prints coat on.
 And his pants on.
 And he starts telling stories about the layers we wear
 and how we hide things.
 And he brought people from the audience up on stage.
 And it was just a really cool, magical, interesting
 presentation.
 You had people crying and laughing.
 And then he brought me in Tod on stage.
 He was just a magic trick with us.
 And then we got to Q&A. I got to ask a bunch of questions.
 And he answered them.
 And man, it was powerful.
 I still needed to decompress that whole session.
 There's some just powerful insights and things
 he said to me.
 Things he said to the audience that I think were--
 anyway, they were magical.
 But I want to bring out, I think,
 in separate podcast episodes and just go deep
 on some of those things.
 Because it was amazing.
 And he spent an hour and hour and half on stage
 sharing with everybody.
 And it was such a cool way to wrap the event.
 Yeah, when Marcus got done and he left stage,
 then I had a few more minutes of Todd and I were on stage.
 And we had everybody-- this is something
 we started three photo-hiking lives ago.
 And it's powerful.
 I had everyone write a letter to themselves.
 Basically saying, these are the comments made to myself.
 And in a year from us, we want to be this.
 It's going to look like.
 And everyone wrote a letter to themselves.
 And then we have everyone fold it up.
 And we put it in envelope.
 They seal it.
 They write their own home address on it.
 And they hand them in.
 And then in six months now, we'll mail it out to everybody.
 And we have a chance to read the letters themselves,
 which is super powerful.
 And then also, at the same time, in that envelope,
 we have an order for a fun-hiking life next year.
 And we have people who read up there.
 And it's the fact that we sold over 1,000 tickets just
 from that exercise alone.
 So if you're doing live events, one of the most powerful things
 you can do is have people write letters themselves.
 And they make a commitment.
 Like, you're going to be back here next year.
 Go eat your tickets.
 Don't put this off.
 Make the comment now while you're in the moment knowing
 you need to be here.
 And that was kind of how fun-hiking life wrapped.
 And I remember this year was so weird because we got done.
 And last year, Tony Robbins will speak for three hours,
 but for six.
 But time we got done.
 It was like eight o'clock.
 And I was tired and stressed.
 When people had left on the flights.
 But at the end of that day, the whole room was completely filled.
 There's 5,000 people still sitting there.
 And it's just like--
 I remember, I didn't want to walk off the stage.
 I was like, man, we'd kill ourselves.
 We had 5,000 people in the room.
 They're here.
 Why would we leave?
 Why would we-- and it was just this feeling where it was
 the hardest time when we get off stage.
 I didn't want to leave.
 I wanted to do another session.
 Or how else can I give?
 Or serve what else can I do?
 But knowing that it had to come to an end,
 it's out there for way too long.
 Just looking at everyone and waving at everybody.
 And then we had a chance to walk off stage.
 And that was it.
 That was a wrap for Funnel Hiking Live.
 Which is such an amazing experience.
 For everyone who's there, thank you so much
 for giving us the ability and the chance
 to serve you.
 For those who are coming next to you,
 I cannot wait.
 I promise you this year was good.
 Next year will be--
 I don't know how.
 I don't know how to make it better.
 Every year we raise the bar.
 So we're going to keep making it better.
 And keep raising the bar for you guys.
 Because this is a place where you
 as an entrepreneur have a chance to find your home,
 to find your people, to find people to understand you,
 think like you, have visions and dreams and goals like you.
 And then also it's a place that gives you
 the frameworks and the tactics and the things
 you need to actually achieve it.
 I had a friend afterwards who came back
 and he was like, yeah, I went to Gary Veevan.
 It was amazing.
 He's like, but there's no tangibles, right?
 They give people excited.
 And they tell people to post a lot on Facebook and Instagram
 stuff.
 There's no tangibles.
 Like, a friend like in Live.
 He's like, I leave with a plan, an admission,
 and an understanding.
 It's not just like, oh, go do--
 they go post things or whatever.
 But it's like, this is why.
 And this is the reason who I'm called to serve it,
 how I'm going to serve them.
 The things I'm going to do to be able to have the impact
 that I really want to have.
 And so yeah, a friend like Live special because of that.
 And hopefully I'll give you all the chance
 to come and experience it at one time in your life.
 One last thing I forgot about in the last podcast episode,
 there's one more piece.
 So for those who are curious about how we sell things,
 there's one more piece I forgot.
 And so right before--
 right before Jamie Kerlin lemeth spoke, there's a luncheon.
 So everyone who's ever won a two-comic club award,
 we invite to this luncheon.
 It gets on day three before I do the big pitch
 for two-comic club X before Jamie spoke.
 So it was right before lunch.
 And so we have them all come to a luncheon.
 And your luncheon is we make a really soft pitch
 to inner circle.
 I said, you know, you've made it.
 You won a two-comic club award.
 Like, congratulations.
 That was the first step.
 And you should be proud of yourselves.
 And our next goal was to get you to two-comic club X
 and two-comic club C and keep moving you through.
 And the way we do that is not in coaching programs
 in a mastermind group.
 It's called Inner Circle.
 And we make a very soft pitch for Inner Circle.
 And from that presentation, we're
 able to get 100 people to join Inner Circle at $50,000 a piece.
 We have 20 people who join the category
 kings at $150,000.
 And I think 14--
 14 or 15 people-- anyway.
 No.
 Oh, 18.
 Sorry.
 18 people who join Atlas at $250,000.
 So it's a fun one because it's not
 like brusseling into the hard pitch.
 It's just kind of like, this is the next step.
 And if you want to meet, like, these are the peers.
 These are the people who will be working the next year.
 It's going to be so much fun.
 And so that happened as well.
 So I know people have asked, like, when does inner circle
 happen?
 And so for any guys, when you win your first two-comic club
 award, you'll be invited to that luncheon.
 That's how you get Inner Circle.
 You have to win a two-comic club award
 that you can be invited into the room where it all happens.
 So anyway, that's behind the scenes of how to occupy.
 I'm hoping this is beneficial.
 I know it's kind of a weird podcast series
 because it's like, what am I going to learn?
 Am I learning things?
 He's talking about what happened.
 But hopefully it gives you a couple of glimpses.
 Again, a reminder for those who were there.
 Excitement.
 And hopefully, I try to drop some key pieces and take
aways for those who weren't there.
 And then hopefully, just for you guys,
 you see front of stage and see the external.
 But hopefully, it shows you behind scenes
 a little bit about what's happening for me
 and how I'm experiencing fun life.
 Because it's a little different, obviously.
 Hopefully, you got some value from the series.
 And I appreciate you guys so much.
 Thanks for listening to this podcast.
 Thanks for listening to any of the episodes.
 For that matter, specifically this episode as well.
 If you got value from any of this,
 please share with other people.
 And on top of that, please make sure
 you take it for next year's fun life.
 Yeah, it's going to be amazing.
 I promise you that.
 It'll change your life forever.
 But you got to take that step.
 So that's it.
 Thank you so much for being part of this.
 Thank you for the community.
 For everyone who's at fun life this year,
 we have the greatest time ever serving you.
 And I cannot wait to see you guys next year.
 Thanks so much.
 See you soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 (upbeat music)
