 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up my funnel hacking friends?
 This is Russell, welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 I'm back walking us through funnel hacking live.
 I know there's so many questions that people asking more behind the scenes.
 And so I'm glad you guys enjoyed this episode so far.
 All right, so now we are moving on to day number two.
 Obviously, day number one was the day and
 Kennedy Day which was crazy as well as SeaWorld and all that stuff happening.
 Number one, day number two was the intro of funnel hacking live this year.
 And that was day number one, technically day zero is day and
 candidate day number one and day number two now.
 This is a day where we had a chance to start getting more into a lot of
 the tactical trainings and things like that, right?
 Day number one, my biggest goal is give everyone such a big aha.
 But making it big, we're all saying you see the vision of what's possible,
 what's possible for you, how to create a movement.
 All those kind of things when I tried to do day number one,
 day number two now I started getting a little more tactical and technical, right?
 We did start the day, I've got a schedule here so I don't forget any of the pieces of it.
 We started the day with my friend Jenna Kutcher and if he is no Jenna,
 she's one of my favorite people ever.
 We always joke because she's my marketing sister,
 I'm her marketing brother.
 We geek out on all the cool stuff.
 But she's like the version of me that's more balanced.
 And so we always joke, I'm like, Jenna, if you work hard,
 you do so much more stuff.
 And she's like, Russell, if you relax, you get so much more fun.
 And so, but anyway, I've been trying to speak a funnel act for years.
 And it's funny because what motivates most people, I'm like, hey, Jenna,
 you have 5,000 crazy funnel hackers here screaming your name and
 she's like, doesn't know anything for me.
 And so every year I try to get her and never been able to.
 And this year, I didn't think I could get her.
 And then she launched her book and she messaged me.
 She's like, hey, do you think I could speak a funnel like live?
 And I was like, wait, what?
 Like, yes.
 And she's like, do you have any room in the schedule?
 I'm like, we literally don't.
 But I'm going to move things around.
 And maybe one of the reasons why funnel act and
 I was a little crazy, she had a lot of speakers.
 Because there's only cool things I didn't want to miss.
 And Jenna was one of them.
 So we led the day off of Jenna, which was so powerful.
 Her heart is just, if you hear Jenna.
 Anyways, her presentation was amazing.
 And getting people back into just like, OK, don't stress out.
 You don't have to judge yourself based on other people's
 success.
 This is about you and your journey, your mission.
 And she's such a good job at just making it more real for
 people.
 And so she started.
 And after that, we started having a lot of people from our
 funnel-hacking communities.
 The next speaker was Josh Forti.
 And Josh is someone who I've been watching for years, really
 enjoyed him.
 And this last year, and Josh is smart.
 He's playing the Dream 100, right?
 I talk about Dream 100.
 I tell people how to do it.
 Most people don't.
 They mess with me.
 You're my dream one.
 I'm going to--
 blah, blah, blah.
 And they always do that.
 And Josh has been good.
 He shows up things we're doing.
 He's at the events.
 He's talking to me.
 He's buying me gifts.
 He's always out there, right?
 I need some help and stuff.
 He showed up.
 I want to use some of the podcasts.
 He jumped on and did interviews for me for a whole
 bunch of things.
 Just always there helping and serving.
 But even with that, I don't just put people on stage to
 help them serve me.
 But that's how I get to know you.
 And then the second thing is that he--
 people always ask me, how do you speak a funnel-hacking
 line?
 In fact, I'll probably do a whole podcast episode on
 them specifically.
 But the big key is, well, I'm looking for people who took
 one of my frameworks and developed it further.
 Here's my expert, Seeker's book.
 This is a book that I wrote that I love.
 And inside this book, I talk about the four stories.
 And one of the stories is your core origin story.
 And Josh went and he's developed this whole framework on
 top of that 15-minute part of this book.
 He went deep on it.
 And it's like, hey, that's my favorite part of the whole
 process.
 And he created this thing called the Master's story.
 And he went deep in it.
 And so I was like, yeah, I want him to speak because he's
 taking one of my frameworks and elaborating, expanding
 up, going deeper with--
 that's one of my favorite things.
 And so it was fun having Josh up there on stage.
 And yeah, just someone who's been in the community for so
 long, giving and serving and being around it.
 He did a great job with his presentation, going deep on
 the Master's story, which is the first story you tell
 somebody when they come into your world on your webinar,
 on your Facebook Live.
 It's the story--
 for me, it's my potato gun story.
 I mean, I've heard my potato gun story once or twice or
 a million times.
 It's that initial story about how you discovered the thing
 you discovered.
 One of the mistakes people make with origin stories, they
 think it's like, oh, it's how I was born.
 And this is where all the things I went through say, no,
 the origin story is the origin about how you were
 introduced to the framework that you're teaching, you're
 sharing.
 And Josh's Master's story was going deep on that at a
 really cool level.
 Next were Taylor Attica.
 They are from Germany.
 And they're cool.
 They got a two-comical award at Final High Carolina a
 couple of years ago.
 And met them on stage, getting the award.
 And afterwards, I don't know how we connected it, but I
 started following them on Instagram and started watching
 them.
 And it was so cool because they were like living the
 lifestyle they were talking about.
 They were traveling the world, doing cool things.
 And if I'm completely honest, I watch the Instagram, I'm
 like, man, they're living the life.
 I want to be them.
 But on top of that, what I watched them do was so cool.
 They would go to different countries, like Germany and
 other places.
 They would do these events, teaching other people how to
 build your own course.
 And they would show people.
 And then Taylor would send me videos at their events.
 They're like, hey, we're here in Germany right now.
 We're here in Bali.
 We're here in these different countries.
 And here's 100 people.
 And they're all building funnels on ClickFunnels right
 now.
 And he showed me.
 And he's doing these things all around the world, taking
 our software and doing these events all around the world.
 Teach people how to build courses on ClickFunnels.
 And kept seeing it for two years.
 And just like, these guys are so cool.
 And we haven't had a lot of international people coming
 and speaking at Final High Carolina.
 They're just like, man, they're cool.
 They're living the lifestyle that people are dreaming of.
 Plus, they're actually teaching other people how to
 do this on our platform.
 It was just such a cool story.
 And so they came and presented.
 And it was just really fun having them there.
 Taylor, they didn't put a plastic bag on his head.
 You don't want to replace.
 Find out why and all sorts of stuff.
 But it was really powerful to hear in their whole story.
 After that, Tyson Derpy, who's the world champion
 Caproper and a funnel hacker, I had him come and speak.
 Because he's someone who's, again, one of the best in the
 world champion, Caproper.
 And he told me that while he was on the road traveling,
 doing this Caproper, he read, the Extra Secrets book.
 This is not supposed to be a plug for an Extra Secrets book
 today, but come on now.
 As long as we're here, right?
 Anyway, he told me he read the stuff and then he launched
 the whole course teaching Caproper.
 It's like the Academy of the Good Caproper.
 And he's got a side business now doing that.
 And as he's getting older in his career, he's been helping
 other athletes.
 And so he's built his course place.
 He's helping other athletes build courses.
 And so I wanted him to talk about like, in the next
 area of your life, right?
 Like you were a world champion Caproper, a wrestler, or
 whatever you were, right?
 How to take that to the next level.
 And turn that into a course and a product and something you
 can serve people with.
 And so that's like Tyson's book.
 That was really, really cool.
 He had to collect, come on stage, actually Caproper, which
 was awesome as well.
 And then the last presentation before the battery
 on this video camera dies, Steve Larson and I did one.
 And it was called Dramatic Demonstrations.
 And we're working on a book together on this topic.
 And this for me was probably my favorite presentation of
 the event that I gave.
 I had so much fun out there.
 And like, and Stephen did it.
 It was like so cool, like showing these dramatic
 demonstrations, showing these people who would die and
 would pass it on like what they had done and how we could
 replicate that with what we were doing.
 I was showing people, like just like the--
 funny again, the X for Seeker's book launched like all the
 dramatic demonstrations we did to get that book into the
 ecosystem.
 And I don't think people believed or understood it.
 And they're like, oh my gosh.
 I didn't realize like that's--
 I thought I just had to build a funnel.
 So I knew you'd build a funnel.
 Then you do these dramatic demonstrations to fill the
 funnel.
 And it was just such a powerful presentation.
 So anyway, that was one of my favorites as well.
 And it was just cool because we got to share old stories from
 old dead marketers and business people that was really
 fun as well.
 So all right, my battery's not down to the phone.
 I'm going to pause.
 I'm going to probably pick this up on my iPhone.
 I'll back in a few minutes to finish out the exciting
 story about day number two.
 All right, my friends, welcome back.
 Now we're streaming from my phone.
 I hope that doesn't--
 hopefully the audio comes in the same.
 And it looks good as well.
 OK, so after me and Stephen talked about
 dramatic demonstrations, we broke to lunch.
 And they come back from lunch.
 I chance to go on stage again with Mr.
 Meyer and Golden.
 And we were talking about persuasion secrets.
 And that was another just super fun presentation where
 Meyer and I kind of tag came back and forth where he would
 show one of the persuasion secrets he does to close people
 from stage.
 I would go back and show one of mine that I would do.
 We'd go back and forth and back and forth.
 And I think we had like 15 or 18 that we were going to share.
 And after I think I got through 10 and then our 45 minutes
 was up, I'm like, oh, man, there's
 something cool things I want to share with you.
 But there's one piece that was cool.
 And I'm going to talk about this right now because I'm day
 four.
 I'm going to come back to it because day four, I re-referenced
 this.
 But I showed people the psychology of cells from my mind.
 I'm big right now studying the mind, the subconscious mind,
 the lymphatic system, how all of our brain works with motion,
 logic, and fear.
 And so I drew a big picture of the brain.
 I showed my viewing presentations.
 This time I'm speaking to the emotions of your brain,
 the logic of your brain.
 Here's what I'm doing.
 It's to reprogram things subconsciously as I'm speaking
 to the cell.
 And here's the thing that I block your fear.
 And I showed the whole process and the whole path.
 I showed how I did inside the perfect webinar
 and how I make these things.
 That's how I persuade people.
 And it's cool because people had big aha about it.
 They're like, oh my gosh, I see now what he's doing.
 The psychology and the strategy behind it, not just like,
 I'm going to tell three stories and then we're
 stacking the clothes.
 Like, no, no, there's so much, so many cool things.
 And so I shared all those things with people.
 And it kind of freaked out.
 And then on day four, I did my re-pitch.
 I re-brought that back.
 So I'll talk about that day number four.
 But it was really cool.
 And in my room, it was just amazing as always.
 And his stuff he brought was gold, too.
 So in my room spoke, after my area, it was fun.
 We had Christine Morrell, who I've had her speak
 like all my events recently because she's so fun.
 She makes these funny ads that are ridiculous.
 Her first ad that went viral was like in her backyard
 during COVID with a toilet seat, a rocking horse,
 and whenever she could find her backyard.
 And she's now true to this whole business
 where she's for herself, but for other people
 where she makes these ads.
 And they're funny.
 They're hilarious.
 And they go viral.
 And the ad cost drops down via ad humor.
 And so she came and taught her strategy
 for how she does her ads, which was amazing.
 As always, which is so cool.
 After that, Alison Prince, who's one of my favorite people
 to work with, you notice the theme?
 Like all people speaking are my favorite people.
 Alison literally is one of my favorite tevers.
 She was one of our partners in last year's
 two comical bikes coaching program.
 And everyone loves Alison.
 She's just so great.
 And I had her speak about how to use influencers
 to promote your products and services,
 which is really just a cool way.
 You know, we talk about affiliates a lot of times,
 but she was talking about influencers.
 And she's showing her a presentation talking about how
 she's sick and tired of giving Mark Zuckerberg money.
 Like, he's got enough.
 Let's give these influencers.
 And so it's all about finding these micro influencers
 who have a following, have a list,
 who have these different things,
 and then paying them to promote your products or services.
 And it's a great way to get traffic
 where you're not relying upon Facebook or Google
 or YouTube or things like that.
 And it's one of the things that I wish we talked more
 about in our community.
 More people aren't doing it.
 Yet it's the thing that gives you the ability
 to grow and to scale without having to rely on Zuckerberg,
 which is great, right?
 After Alison spoke, then Mark joined or came out.
 Mark was my original pre-Dan Kennedy mentor.
 Mark's a veteran near my marketing from initially.
 And he's just brilliant business person, brilliant mind.
 But someone also who's just been a friend
 and a mentor for you for so long.
 And we tried two or three years to have him speak
 phononically live, but there's always a reason he couldn't.
 He's living in parts of the world
 and just couldn't get there.
 And this time it worked.
 You know, it's fine, 'cause the first 30 minutes
 he went there and he actually spoke on a lot of,
 he's excited about it, which is future and technology
 and where things are going.
 And like, and some things were scary.
 Like I'm like backstage, like, why are you telling people
 that this is scary?
 And then he was able to bring a lot of hope at the end as well.
 And then I had Chance Jump on stage
 and do a quick 15 minute interview with him
 about integration marketing, which he's read a lot
 of really good books, but integration marketing
 is the most simple and I think the most powerful one,
 which is how do you integrate your product,
 your service into the sales channels
 and sales processes of other people?
 Which is how we built ClickFunnels, by the way, BTW.
 Red Mark's book, I'm like, ha, I'm gonna do it.
 He just said, and we did, it was amazing.
 And it was just, I mean, between having a chance
 to interview Dan Kennedy and interview Mark,
 joining our two first mentors on stage was crazy.
 I got a picture of them together,
 but it was one of the highlights for sure,
 is having Mark there and being able to show him.
 Like he, man, it was almost 20 years ago
 when he retired from internet marketing
 and he stepped away and he did this big farewell package
 where he sold his courses, sold his company,
 everything he did that we called the farewell package
 and I bought that.
 And the farewell package was like, that was my beginning.
 And so to be able to see, like, when I retired
 from teaching internet marketing,
 Russell's moment, I grabbed the gauntlet
 and now 20 years later, this is like what he built
 and it was cool to be able to show that to him
 and let him realize that it was like on the back
 of all the stuff that he had learned and figured out.
 So Mark was amazing and then after that, me and Todd came out
 and we showed everybody ClickFunnels 2.0, which was so cool.
 It was the official launch.
 And this was fun to me because Todd spent the whole week
 working on slides for this one.
 So I didn't even see a lot of it.
 He's going through slide after slide after slide,
 showing the things and how it works
 and everyone's freaking out.
 And we did it similar to, if you've ever seen how Marvel,
 when they launched the new MCU after Endgame happened,
 they did a comic on, they did a big show
 and they had on the back screen, they had this huge,
 like huge screen and they had a timeline of like,
 here's all the movies coming out, do it, do it,
 and you can see it all and then like where it's going.
 And so we did the same thing.
 We had this huge timeline across the back wall.
 And it was like, here's all the features
 that are being launched today and then it had like today.
 And then here's the stuff coming in the near future.
 We showed this huge timeline and people were going crazy.
 I was going crazy.
 But everyone goes sign up for ClickFunnels,
 almost the entire room went sign up for ClickFunnels 2.0,
 which was really, really cool.
 And it was the beginning, like 2.0 was officially live
 at that point forward.
 And everyone was telling me they were gunning
 for who's going to be the first
 two comic club winner on the new platform.
 And so far, well, spoiler alert,
 as I'm recording this, we just finished
 the live ClickFunnels 2.0 launch.
 And so we became the very first two comic club member
 and we are about, I don't know, 12 days away
 from the first two comic club ex member
 on ClickFunnels 2.0 platform.
 Since the first round of Rebuilds hit, which is exciting.
 So now right now, the number two slide,
 if you guys can go for it.
 I went at first, but I'm looking for who's going to be
 the number one after meeting.
 The number one, my actual person who is a ClickFunnels 2.0
 2.0 comic club winner.
 So the gauntlet is set for all of y'all.
 After we launched that, we had dinner.
 We came back from dinner, we had the 2 comic club awards,
 2 comic club awards, 2 comic club ex awards,
 so we went to come with C awards,
 affiliate awards, like huge awards ceremony,
 went for like two hours, which was always crazy.
 And then after that, we had Tom, Billy, you came out
 and Tom talked about NFTs and how you can use NFTs
 inside your value ladder and how they work.
 And it was really cool.
 Unfortunately, because of like, anyway, hotels and unions,
 we had to be out at a certain time routes.
 It's like time and a half an extra two day.
 It would cost like a million dollars if Tom went over.
 And luckily, Tom was so gracious.
 He went and like landed and ended like one minute before
 we had to like start paying everybody overtime.
 He got off the stage, but he did a great job talking
 to NFTs and then he opened a Q&A.
 Like he loves to do and people will ask questions
 that were not related to NFTs at all,
 but it was still awesome.
 He was out answering relationship advice
 and other cool things.
 And Tom's just such a cool dude and it was just really fun
 having him out there and sharing his stuff.
 So that was day number two, you guys, a final I can lie.
 Once again, like day zero was insane.
 Day one was insane.
 Day two was like anyone those days in and of themselves
 would be worth the ticket price 10 times over.
 And that was just one of the days.
 So day number three, I'll talk about it
 in the next podcast episode.
 We had some amazing stuff happen there as well.
 And then day number four and yeah,
 what an amazing, amazing event.
 For those of you guys who were there,
 I hope you enjoyed it.
 I hope you loved it.
 I hope you transformed it and changed you.
 And for those of you who weren't,
 we're already planning next year's.
 And I think we almost finalized our first keynote speaker.
 It's gonna be insane.
 I'm trying to get this person for four years now.
 So we'll see.
 Hasn't contracts, not signs, I can't say who it is yet,
 but you will melt down when you find out who it is.
 That's all I'm gonna tell you.
 All right.
 Thanks you guys so much.
 I appreciate you all.
 And I will see you on the next episode here
 on the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 (gentle music)
