 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson and welcome you guys to a very special episode of
 the marketing seekers podcast.
 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everyone, I'm actually laying in bed right now.
 I'm about to go to bed and have had an amazing last two days.
 We've got our entire development team out here, which is really special.
 We've never had all of them here before and there's probably 35, 40 people here.
 It's just been fun having them in the office.
 I had a chance to speak to them and talk about the vision of ClickFunnels and kind of behind
 the scenes of what happened when we first launched it in the ups and the downs and all
 the craziness that ensued during that part of the process.
 It's been kind of fun and then Todd, who's my co-founder at ClickFunnels and partner,
 he's actually been standing in my house, which normally says hotel, but we were back
 in the day when we first started.
 He'd always fly out here to Boise and stayed our house and so we thought it'd be fun for
 him to stay here, so it's been fun.
 Every night, staying up late talking with him about the whole process and all the craziness
 and reflecting on the last four years, ClickFunnels have its four-year birthday today and it's
 insane to see what has happened since I went live from zero to 66,000 active members and
 all the craziness in between.
 Anyway, it's been cool and we've got a couple more fun days of everybody here and then tomorrow
 actually Brandon and Kaelin from Lady Boss are flying in and we're doing something really
 fun.
 I think all you guys should be doing with other people inside of our community that you find
 that are smart as well, so we're basically swapping consulting days.
 They're doing a lot of really cool things in their business operationally for traffic
 side and a couple other things that I'm curious about and we're doing a lot of cool stuff
 they're curious about.
 I said, "How about we swap consulting days?"
 "Let's do a day and I'll just consult you and then you do a day and you'll consult me
 and we'll just not charge on normal fees and we'll just have some fun."
 He's up for it, I was up for it and so that's what's happening.
 Thursday, Friday is going to be fun.
 So Thursday, basically they're going to be consulting me and my team.
 A lot into operational stuff as well as the traffic process and just things that they're
 doing and then flip the tables on Friday, I'll be consulting them.
 Some guys on my team will be consulting some people on their team and it's just going to
 be really fun.
 As we're planning this today, try and figure out what we're going to talk about and what
 are the goals that we want to accomplish while you're here.
 Brandon said something that was super profound that I want to share with you guys because
 I think a lot of people struggle because of information overload, right?
 We're all getting a lot of information.
 All the time, it's always coming at us.
 A lot of times I think we think that the key is more information but a lot of times
 what the problem is, information is what will strangle you and it'll drown you.
 Too much information keeps you from actually getting the thing you really desire.
 That's more so the problem than not enough information typically.
 What I told Brandon was basically, I was like, this is what I've been geeking out on for
 the last three or four months, this topic.
 Here's what I was studying from and everything.
 I was like, I understand the content.
 I don't need to be retrained on any of that.
 But I was like, I need to figure out how to plug it into what we're doing.
 He voxed me back and he said something cool.
 He said, "Yeah."
 He's like, "We went through the same processes and learned the content."
 He's like, "But then you had to figure out how to plug the content into your context."
 You have your own company, the context of what you're doing, what you're trying to accomplish,
 what you're going, what your goals are, what your motivations, what your team looks like.
 There's this whole foundational framework, this context of what you've created.
 When you look at the content, it's not so much like, when you take all this content and
 understand it and to memorize and absorb it all, which is like what they teach us in school,
 which I think is the reason why a lot of such for-doers and people struggle to school
 because we can't remember it all.
 Because we're looking for like, what's the stuff that fits in the context of what I'm looking
 for, like what I desire, right?
 My goal is to this, blah, blah, blah, and we struggle with school because all this information
 is coming at us, right?
 How does this fit in the context of what I'm trying to accomplish?
 I'm trying to, whatever your thing is, it doesn't fit in the context of what you're trying
 to do to accomplish.
 That's why a lot of the struggle there, whereas you use outside the school system, we have
 a context of like, I'm trying to grow a company or I'm trying to become an athlete or I'm
 trying to make money or whatever your thing is.
 And then when the information comes to you and you're like, oh, this is how it fits into
 the context, what I'm doing, then like learning becomes fun, right?
 So I became obsessed with learning and spent literally over half a million dollars in
 two and a half years on courses and training products and programs and seminars and masterminds
 and everything because I was like, I have this context.
 I'm sucking out the best content from everybody and finding the pieces that fit in what I'm
 trying to do.
 I got really good at like absorbing this information and like looking at stuff like, oh, that's
 amazing.
 I'm not ready for that.
 So I put it on a shelf, like plug it over here, plug it over here, plug it over here.
 And like the pieces, the goal that I needed, I could grab it and put it into the context
 of what I was doing and would drive it farther faster.
 And I think what's interesting, I think the reason why I've become a good coach over the
 last 10 years or so is because I've done that so much.
 I've absorbed the information and I put all these things in my mental shelf, like, okay,
 that was amazing.
 I'm not ready for it.
 And I'll put it somewhere where like, that's amazing, doesn't fit my business.
 That's amazing, but I'll kind of shelve them in different places.
 And it's cool when I start coaching people, like if anyone's ever coached with me when
 I want to, you've seen like, I'll be in the process of coaching someone else.
 I'm like, oh my gosh, okay, eight years ago, I read this course.
 It was by this guy.
 It was like this section of the book.
 This was the topic.
 Like I don't remember all the details, but I do remember like the answer for you look
 for is right there.
 And people like, how do you do that?
 I'm like, I don't know.
 It's just, it's there because I read it.
 I learned it.
 I just stored it away because it didn't fit my context.
 But I had it like in my reserves to be able to find it again, right?
 Anyway, I digress.
 That was in the point of this podcast.
 The point is for you as you are learning, you have to first build out your context, your
 framework.
 Like what is it you're trying to actually accomplish, right?
 Because you don't have that.
 All the content just becomes information overload.
 There was somebody recently, not recently, a couple of years ago, it was one of my higher
 coaching programs.
 I'm not going to mention their name or business or anything.
 It doesn't matter.
 But what they struggle with is like they would learn the stuff and everything coming
 out and they were trying to like, there's so much stuff coming out.
 They didn't have the ability to filter it into the context of what they're trying to
 achieve, right?
 So I'll be talking about, oh, you can do a trip wire funnel or a product funnel or
 it'll be talking about like here's 10 different options of cool stuff you can do.
 And then they go home and they're trying to do all 10 funnels at once because they
 said it.
 No, those are potential options, but it's not what's best for you.
 Like what's best for me?
 Like, I don't know.
 Like I don't know your business.
 Like what's the context of your business?
 Like you're looking through that lens and you're like, here's the context I'm trying
 to accomplish.
 Then you can take information and be like, cool, this is for me.
 This isn't yet for me.
 I'm going to put this on the show.
 That piece of like immediate like an apply immediate that can do that, right?
 I'm going to go to match my groups or seminars.
 I'll sit there for three, four, five, six days taking notes and all the stuff that like
 is awesome.
 But then what I'm looking for is like, okay, what's the pieces that like tonight I can
 plug into my machine I'm building or the thing that I have.
 And yeah, that's the key.
 So for you guys like, I don't understand like your real goal, your real job in this
 process of learning and being coached is to be able to filter out the content and be
 able to figure out how to plug things into the context of what you're creating.
 And it's a hard thing at first because a lot of times you don't know and especially at
 the beginning you're so excited that so many ideas and concepts like, oh, it's so fun,
 right?
 But if you chase them all, nothing will ever get done.
 So anyway, hopefully that helps me guys.
 So those who fill information overload, like it's funny.
 I'm trying to tell someone to help me with information overload.
 I'm so confused.
 I don't have empathy towards it.
 I can't relate to that.
 It doesn't make any sense to me.
 Like I have information overload so much stuff.
 I'm like, what?
 It's not that much stuff.
 Like there's a lot you don't have to do it.
 Like it's just, you don't think of this as school where you have to like, remember
 eyes and regurgitate everything you don't.
 I have to do this like, sift through it, sift and sort and be like, boom, that's gold
 today.
 Like I'm going tonight doing that in the hotel room before I come back tomorrow because
 it's done.
 This one's gold for next week.
 This one's gold for next month and these ones are like putting on the shelf and if,
 you know, when I'm ready for that they will reappear and that's why I look at things.
 So anyway, those of you guys who are struggling information overload, think about that.
 Your job is to take the content and then to build the transition into the year or specific
 context.
 And if you don't have context yet, that's the thing you have to be figuring out.
 That's the good thing to hire a coach for, hiring a mentor, joining our coaching programs
 or hire a consultant or something to give you the context of like, okay, this is the
 framework of what you need to do.
 Because you do the framework done, then it's just fun.
 It's just like, you're trying to implement and improve and add things and tweak things
 and make it better and more exciting all the time, you know.
 But without the framework, without the context there of something you're running towards,
 it gets really hard.
 That's why school sucked for me.
 I had no, I had nothing, I was in school so I could wrestle.
 I'm learning all this stuff that didn't help me wrestle, but I had to learn it to be able
 to wrestle.
 And so I was like, ah, like, if so confusing for me, as long as I got to see I could wrestle,
 so I was like, I just have to understand enough of this to get a C and that was my,
 that was my context, which is a horrible way to go through school.
 Whereas if I was like, hey, I got to re-teach this, read, learn, or whatever those things
 are, if you have the thing, you're like, for example, a good example is the Book of Mormon
 podcast.
 And he has an old, I launched a podcast about the Book of Mormon.
 In fact, if you want to see it, go to BookOfMormonChallenge.com, right?
 And so the whole thing is like, I'm using this as a, like, I've tried to read scriptures
 and stuff my whole life, which they're typically harder to read books, right?
 And when I read them just to read them, it's like, oh, and even if I like, I have this framework
 of trying to plug things into this context, or how it fits my life, I can find those things
 and I'm like, cool, I need to do this to make my life better.
 And then you plug things in.
 But for me, it was like, the reason I started the podcast was I was like, if I know that
 this podcast is me digging through this section of these verses, these chapters, and I got
 to find the gold and then find the story that gets people excited by it.
 Now, this context, this framework was like, cool.
 Now I'm reading this chapter, but now I'm going to be in all the commentary and all
 these things to find out.
 Like, what's the most exciting thing I can bring to the table for this verse, this section,
 this whatever, and how to tell that story and the way that fires people up, right?
 And now, like, it makes reading scriptures like, alive to me again, and it's exciting
 and it's fun.
 And so for me, it's like one of the things I had to do for that, you know?
 And so yeah, I think, anyway, I hope that makes sense.
 So that is the goal.
 So I'm sure this tonight, that's what I'm going to be doing with Brandon and Kaelin, the last
 two days of this week, which I've pumped for.
 So if you don't know the context yet and you're not sure, go find someone, swap consulting
 days, have a day with them helping you figure out your context, you spend a day helping
 to figure out their context, build out a framework of what you're trying to accomplish, right?
 And then go in there and start consuming the content and then plugging those pieces into
 your framework.
 And that's the magic.
 All right.
 I'm going to bounce, I'm going to go to bed, it's 11.30 night.
 And I appreciate you guys listening.
 Hope you enjoy this and you got some good ideas and we'll talk to you soon.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow
 our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 (upbeat music)
