 Hey everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to mark in seekers podcast today
 I want to share with you a piece of advice that I gave somebody 12 years ago
 He made a blog post or a Facebook post about today and talked about how it changed life
 So I'd share that with you guys right now
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out of the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right guys so about 12 years ago was when I was first starting to hire employees and
 I was building my team and it cost money
 And I was like these guys are all expensive and every person I added like take some more of my money out of my pocket
 And I was like sitting there trying to figure out a way to solve this problem
 And I had this thought I was like what if I got people to work for me for free
 I was like oh my gosh that'd be amazing. What if all my employees work for free and so
 That idea at first was awesome that I asked my employees and I said well
 We have to eat and I was like dang it okay that won't work
 And I was like wait
 What if I send email to my list and ask to people want to come work for me for free?
 I would do an internship, but it was an unpaid internship that it paid their own way there their own
 Hotels or you know living expenses whatever but they can work for me for free for a month and hopefully learn some stuff along the way
 Now I think I've done this two or three times in the past and before I get like 5,000
 You guys asking me I don't do it anymore because I literally have had people come here and just beg to work for free
 And then they sit around and they ask questions and it doesn't it hurts more than it helps at this point
 But it was really nice for a little while right but the person who responded back to that first ad
 I got a bunch of people responding back, but one guy was so excited
 He literally called and text and emailed like every single person. I know I'm like how do you find all these people information?
 This is pretty Facebook right like
 Anyway, his name was Justin Brooklyn. Some he has no Justin
 He's an awesome entrepreneur really cool guy and a friend and he messes me and said I'm coming out to Boise and he did he jumped in a
 plane moved to Boise for a month paid his own way and worked for me for free for a month and
 It was a really really cool experience. I learned a lot
 He learned a lot and I think he was a kid but today he posted a post on Facebook
 It was really really cool and so I want to read I want to read part of it to you because I forgot about this
 I remember the experience now, but I totally forgot about it. So this is the way you've posted he said
 All you need is five good
 All you need is five good friends to crush any market before I explain
 Let me tell you what Russell Brunson said to me one day while I was interning 12 years ago
 We were at a hotel watching infomercials because that's what marketers do LOL waiting to visit Steven Pierce's house for an event
 The next day I was just a noob in total fanboy mode
 I couldn't believe I was sharing hotel room with this millionaire dude
 Who was only two years older than me and somehow he liked me enough to bring me along to star studded event
 They introduced me to Ryan dice John Reese for a chef friend J Graham and Steven the real boss
 So I asked Russell a question every noob should ask in this situation me. Hey Russ
 What would you do if I lost if you lost it all had to make it back Russ?
 Not get it back in just a few phone calls me hmm Russ
 Relationships are the most important thing to build because if you lost your website your email
 I should just call up your buddies and get it all back with just a hair help me
 He has like a pin with a good shocked face and then a ghost and then a skull and he goes on to talk about how in
 His business over the last 12 years the times that went that it crashed or was going down or whatever happened
 He would call up some of his friends and they would do a list swap or promotion or they'd help each other and that's how it
 That's how he's been successful. He said at the very end
 He said everyone thinks to take so many followers and so many subscribers to win online
 But it really takes just a few of the right friends five good friends beats a hundred thousand subscribers all day every day
 No problem and I thought that was really really cool
 And I want to share with you guys because I still to this day think that's true
 You know we spend so much time talking about how we build up, you know our Facebook following and our Instagram and YouTube and our email list
 All these things all these things are very very important, but he's right if I lost all today the first thing
 I do that look at like who in my in my role at X of friends
 Can I get it back, you know when when a company crashed at seven eight years ago and everything fell apart
 Some of the permutale the story before but I got a call from Tony Robbins and he was like what's going on?
 What can what can I help you with and I was telling them?
 What happened? He's like well if you want he's like you can come and we'll absorb your company inside of Robbins research and you become a
 Wing of our organization and we'll make sure that the ear you know nothing goes down
 I was just like oh my gosh like worst case scenario become partners with Tony Robbins, right?
 And and that gave me the ability to go to go and keep moving forward
 But you know if I was losing my business right now that's I would look at like who are the five or ten people?
 I know that
 You know work for them or I could get a job form or I could do something for them
 Or they could email and promote one of my new products or my programs or like what would what would that be and you know
 I've tried to spend a lot of time over the last 15 years digging some very very deep
 Relationships and so if that ever happened, that's exactly where I would be so for you
 I want you to think about that and just think about who are the people?
 Around you who are the five five people or so in your market?
 You've got a really really deep relationship where they would do anything for you and you do anything for them if their business crashed
 They said I need to promote my new product
 You would stop whatever you're doing to promote their product and get the back on top or vice versa
 Who are those people and if you don't have those relationships yet?
 I would highly highly highly recommend to start cultivating those and you know people and spending time and investing in those relationships
 Because they are more powerful than a list of hundred thousand so
 I'm gonna end this podcast just kind of rereading the last two lines of his post here
 Because I think it was so powerful he said everyone thinks to take so many followers and so many subscribers to win online
 But it really takes just a few of the right friends five good friends beats a hundred thousand subscribers all day every day
 No problem. So hope that helps go make some friends get some deep relationships people that you do anything for them
 They do anything for you and there's your financial safety net. There's a security blanket. It always tells me like
 I'm going back to college. I have a security but say you know
 I something to fall back on like now fall back on the relationship spend time and energy and effort there
 It is the secret 12 years ago, and it is the secret today. Thanks again everybody for listening
 Thank You Justin for posting that for reminding me of that conversation 12 years ago
 while we're watching infomercials in a random hotel in Texas
 Super cool appreciate you and appreciate all you guys for listening so much. I'll talk to you all soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (applause)
