 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome to marketing secrets podcast hope you guys have amazing day today
 I got some cool one shared to you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answer. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody and back in the office
 Last two weeks to spend a lot so some years if you've been watching last week I rewrote a webinar
 the ground up and
 It did really well
 Over a million dollars in sales in the first week which school the coolest thing is like that now the asset is done and created
 It'll be placed in different places including the home page of ClickFunnels and it should next year generate
 I don't know a lot
 Anywhere from 10 to 20 million bucks. It's like you do the work once and it pays you forever, right?
 Now right now I'm writing a webinar this week for our new program called software secrets
 Which is a brand new thing? It's always the last webinar I wrote from scratch
 But it was like the offer was similar to it. I've done the past this one
 this is brand new offer brand new everything and
 My kids started wrestling and I don't find told you this already, but my first day of wrestling practice happened
 I didn't know about it
 They I don't know we just got the dates messed up
 My kids went and that night I came home and I was all excited to see him like how I was wrestling and they're all in tears
 Like we hate wrestling. We never want to go back and I was like what?
 No, I'm excited call the coach and
 Few minutes later. I got called to be a sister wrestling coach. So now every day at three o'clock
 I love it. I'm gonna go with wrestling practice my kids
 So the problem is that this week was planned to be the soft for serious launch week doesn't have a whole week to go
 The webinar
 Problem is that now from three till six every night I'm wrestling so cuts out plus like drive times everything else
 I've got about four and a half five hours a day
 So I really needed to get this new webinar done
 So I've been late nights and there's an officer to last night
 I got probably there for two or three tonight and then I'll do the webinar tomorrow morning live so
 But I think conservatively it's an amazing offer. It's it's really insane
 I'll be shocked if we don't do million dollars during the launch week or this week during the webinar week
 You know
 And then that'll go on and next year to do who knows they were five to ten million bucks
 So they can do the work once and it pays you for the next five years
 Which is cool. It's all about webinars all that effort you put into it
 And so it's worth
 It's worth putting in the the effort and it's funny as I've been doing this and thinking about it
 I had a an old friend about 15 years will call me and
 You know start off is you know just kind of catch up then
 And I respected for this as a good sales person does he wanted to sell me something
 And then he's like yeah, I can fly out to Boise and spend a day or two with you guys and show you all the stuff
 We have and all this stuff right and I was just like
 How do you tell your friends this like awkwardly I'm sitting there and I'm like
 I
 Like hey man like I just like so uncomfortable like how do you tell your friends someone who's known you and like when you were like just a punk
 Kid and I'm like I don't want to tell you this nicely, but I
 Like just you know like right now like I
 Bill out like if you were coming for a day of consulting like I bill out an eight hour day at a hundred thousand dollars
 so for you to cover you know two or three days like
 Like the opportunity cost for me like it's a couple it gets two or three hundred thousand dollars
 And so like it's it's really hard for me to just block out that time
 I'm like I feel like such a jerk telling you that but like
 You know and if you want to come out like we hang out friends or something a after you know
 Like I would love to see you get in this friend like that's super cool
 I'm just like to take like two or three business days like that's the opportunity cost is not little
 He's like what you serious?
 That's kind of awkward right
 But you'll get it like that's what we charge and like in
 You know I saw some of the day posting in our Facebook group like how come the gurus don't charge $150 an hour
 It's taking help everyone it's like I wish I could like I wish there was more hours in the day
 That'd be awesome. I was like literally like I'm spending three days
 To create this webinar that will make me a million dollars will be first week and anywhere from five to ten million dollars
 I share maybe more who knows it's like I'm spending three days so three days of focus time and then in my pocket goes
 you know eight plus figures so it's like
 $100,000 days actually super cheap like they discounted rate like you know what I mean?
 So it's like I try to explain that I'm like how to
 Say it nicely and like and I was like even if you know
 If like you did want to be a hundred thousand a day like the first like opening is probably five to six months away
 like my
 my calendars insanely book so
 Well, sorry. That's kind of
 That was that was this awkward moment. I'm saying I'm so sorry man like I just I don't want you to think I'm a
 jerk or anything, but like just
 That's why I can't just have you come out for two days and just sell me something like which is can't I wish I could
 So I was there there's step one and then so now I'm at wrestling practice with
 With my kids, right and I'm sitting there and I'm spending
 You know three to four hours a day now every day the wrestling practice which again I love like
 It's so cool. Like I remember when I was this age going to practice my dad coming and like watching and then working out with me
 and
 It's just cool. It's been a really unique time with with twins and just such a cool thing to be able to spend time with them
 And I say they haven't like wrestling something they're trying to make sure they're liking it
 And I'm in there wrestling most time I'm drilling with them
 I'm helping them and just making sure they have a good experience so that
 You know they keep doing it and that for the next two or three years
 Is there just in the you know beginning programs that they like it?
 They just like it so I'm gonna get hurt or beat up some so they're to kind of make sure like it
 moves things start beating kids because you start beating kids and it's fun. So I'm just like it's like getting through this initial like the pain of
 the beginning right and
 and I'm sitting there and
 You know I'm an assistant coach. I'm not getting paid anything obviously and I was just like it's so interesting because I'm like I
 was like you know in this in this area of my life like in business my time is worth a hundred thousand dollars a day I
 was like but in wrestling my time
 I think I'm not getting paid for the three to four hours a day that I'm spending which is you know
 I'm not I don't want to get paid for it, but it's just I had this realization. It's just like
 Like over here. I'm insanely valuable like monetarily over here
 I'm not you know like I like best case scenario say I was
 Like even like the best wrestling coaches in the world. Maybe maybe clear six figures probably not most and probably 50
 5060 grand max right?
 It's like the bet. These are like the dudes like the Michael Jordan's the world right the wrestling world
 So it's like you know like my like let's just say like I was at that level and I was getting paid that like
 I'd still be making what 20 bucks an hour 30 bucks an hour maybe
 And so it's like you know the three hours is worth like 60 bucks 80 bucks 90
 Maybe a hundred dollars from my time and just like where's that time spent over here is worth?
 You know 20 grand an hour so you look at it 20 46 60 grand for that same same time
 Just where am I focusing at and I just as I was thinking through that's like so fascinating
 How valuable I am here and not so much here
 And sure thing about us as entrepreneurs where how often do we spend our time?
 Like we have we have a unique ability that's worth a hundred and a day right?
 To our company into us and to the people we're serving right, but then we go and we start doing these like eight dollar an hour
 jobs because it's like
 It's got to be done. So I should be the one doing it. It's like you're not worth that much there
 It gets it's so expensive to have you spending time on the on eight ten twenty dollar an hour jobs
 if you're if you're making twenty thousand dollars an hour doing your unique ability and
 It's been interesting is have working with with Jeff Woods
 One thing on on a building things out like one of the big
 Things I'm focusing on I think if there's like we're trying to
 Resistimize our business because it's kind of a endpoint when you reset and we kind of redo all those things
 And as I'm thinking through it
 I'm just like I want to create the systems and my goal only systems is to create the system so that if it
 Forces me and forces everybody my team to only do their unique ability right because each of us have unique ability where we're worth a hundred thousand
 dollars a day
 And then we have like things were good at that were worth 20 bucks an hour right?
 And it's like if I get everyone focusing on their unique abilities where they're worth a hundred grand a day versus their
 You know, they're their non unique abilities where they're worth
 100 bucks a day like man
 How much faster can we grow and can we scale all those type of things and so that's my thought process like right now
 We're an assistant resistimization of our company from now to the end of the year after software seeder's launch
 I'm gonna take you're assuming you take a little bit of the foot off the gas so I can like
 Recoup restructure get systems in place in the January. We're gonna go crazy. So it's gonna be fun
 But that's that's why I'm trying to figure out how do I get everyone focusing on the unique ability and not focusing on on
 100 dollar a day jobs that they can do and they are doing but how do we get so we're all focusing on unique abilities
 And so for you guys are thinking about like what's your unique ability and think through that and then figure out like okay
 Now that I kind of know that like what are people my team's unique abilities?
 And how do I create a structure where everyone's focusing hundred percent time on the new abilities and you do that
 You'll see things start growing Dan Sullivan strategic coach calm if he has go there
 he
 He I just bought every book on his website
 Should be huge box because I'm about to mercy and some Dan Sullivan
 So like I don't buy one book I buy all of them because I love immersion
 But one of his books there is about unique abilities like work with new things have ready yet
 But I know it's awesome. So check it out you guys this is there is Garrett and there's
 Scott those are partners off for season Lindsay. They've been up here last is camping out overnight with me getting everything ready for
 For the launch tomorrow. So if you guys are
 Watching the video you just saw Garrett Scott and Lindsay if not you just saw me pointing the air and you can see anything if you're listening
 So anyway, I'm gonna jump in we're gonna get this thing launched. I got
 Five and a half hours for wrestling practice and wrestling practice. I'm gonna come back by spending five and a half hours
 So you got ten hours to get this webinar done before my body will shut down
 Wish me luck and tomorrow will be a million dollar day and
 Then we'll have an asset little pace for us for life. So this is my unique ability. So as you spend our time doing
 It's been my time managing hundred dollar an hour hundred dollar day job. It's my time writing webinars
 Under a day job. So folks. I'm eating ability today. It should be good. So that's all I got. All right, everybody. Appreciate you all talk to you soon
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [CHEERING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
