 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. But today we're not talking about marketing
 We are talking about wrestling
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answer. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, I know for some you guys you like Russell we don't care about wrestling
 We're here for marketing advice. Why are you talking about wrestling?
 And I'm gonna tell you there's a reason there's an actual reason I think is useful for all of you guys
 otherwise I wouldn't share it so
 As some you know if you follow me on the gram or Facebook or any of the other places
 you know that this last week I went out and I competed in wrestling tournament and
 It's fun because it's actually my third old man after that bracket in parentheses old man
 third old man wrestling term I've been to and
 It's interesting when I you know my background
 I wrestled in high school as a state champ
 I took second place in the country as an all-american in high school and also the year at BYU until they dropped the wrestling program
 And then I transferred to Boise State and Russell my last four years there
 I was ranked in the top 10 in the country, but I never placed at the NCAA
 Which is one of those it's the goal I never achieved like everything else I've tried in life
 So she so far I've had a chance to know I've had a chance that I've actually achieved most of my other goals
 That was when I fell short of
 But it's actually funny looking back now. I think it was also essential that I fell short of that because it caused me and forced me to
 To continue to be driven in a different aspect different direction
 So anyway, it's all part of God's divine plan that I didn't but it was the one that I missed right and then
 Transition my life into business and here we are now 20 years later
 But a couple years ago, I was like man
 I have this competing and it's wrestling like as fulfilling as businesses that they
 Still to this day the best feeling I've ever felt in my life like on this planet so far is the feeling of getting my hand raised after a hard-fought match
 I don't know what it is. There's something about that like it trumps all the other things and I've done a lot of my life
 And I miss it and it's funny because in business
 Again, there's a lot of ups and downs in business
 But the closest I've ever gotten in business to feeling that feeling my hand getting raised is when you do a table rush
 Like you speak on stage. You see people run the back like that's the closest I've forgotten to that feeling the high
 But it's not as good
 And so anyway, part of me is just like I want to wrestle again and I know what about my dream house
 We have seven years ago now. We built the wrestling room into it and all my old buddies come over
 We have a chance to wrestle and it's just like it's a thing that I love that makes me happy
 But then three years well probably COVID
 COVID doesn't count as a year, right? So three three real years ago. Maybe four years ago now
 one of my friends went to
 To a tournament and actually wrestled then he came back and told me how to say dude
 I don't know that we could wrestle in tournaments. I want to go to a tournament and he said whatever year
 there's this tournament called the US Open and
 They have you know obviously all the high school kids. It's their big national tournament plus there's the college guys
 And then there's the senior guys which would like the people competing for the world to the Olympics
 because like when you get older like I think 35 years old it opens a division called the masters and
 And then inside the masters masters like ABC the different divisions right all the way up to veterans
 And so there's people competing all the way to you know in their 70s and 80s and stuff
 and so I got so excited so three years ago went to my very first one and
 It's funny. Yeah, like a week before the tournament like we should probably practice and remember how to wrestle
 so we did our first practice within like 15 minutes of a starting practice I tore my neck out and
 I wasn't able to practice rest of the week and they went to the tournament and I
 Didn't cut any weight so I was at heavier weight class
 Kilograms think it was
 80 something kill anyways is like 194 pounds basically and so I'd lose a couple pounds
 But I was about 200 pounds back then so I was a little bit away went in the tournament and that weight class
 You know guys are bigger than theirs the weight class isn't huge. There's probably eight to ten guys
 and I took
 Second place in Greco and third in freestyle which I was like this is really was awesome
 It was fun
 I got my hand raised once the matches lost a couple matches
 But it was just so much fun and one of the big pivotal things that happened to me was
 As I was warming up for one of the matches this old guy came up to me and I made my old
 He's probably he's probably close to 80 and I remember he walked up and he's like hey you want to wrestle
 Like okay, and so without start drilling he said just you know
 I've had both my hips and both my knees replaced so please don't shoot on me
 This is wrestling. That's all it's like that literally the definition of what we do
 So anyway, we kind of rolled you to wrestle a little bit and practice some and then during that day
 He went out there and he won two matches I saw I was like if this dude in his almost 80s maybe 80s
 I don't even know
 With both hips and both knees replaced is still competing I was like this is something I can do till a day
 I die and so I made it a point
 I'd then like I'm gonna put some my calendar it once a year for the rest of my life till I die
 I will compete in the US Open like just it's a thing now
 It's never not gonna be thing the rest of my calendar will revolve around it and it's like Christmas only for me more important at this point
 so
 So sign up for it the next year we're gonna do it and then COVID hit and then last year there's actually
 It wasn't that one that there's another version of it that Spartan actually put on and so we went into the Spartan nationals last year
 And I took second and freestyle and second and Greco at that same weight class
 Which was awesome and actually met the dude who started Spartan and he had me on this podcast
 Which was kind of cool, but anyway, I digress that's my second year
 And then this year was year number three now this year a lot of you guys have probably noticed if you watch my ads
 Or see me if I'm like you know I've lost a lot of weight I down about 15 pounds
 And so I was blow the weight class and so the next weight class down was
 This huge gap it usually the gaps pretty small but in the master's division
 It's like 194 pounds the next one down to 171
 Which is crazy so I was weighing like 185 so I had to cut weight down to 171 and then the 171 pound bracket
 There's like twice as many people with 20 people in our freestyle weight and then I think with 10 or so in Greco
 So I had to cut weight which first time I've done that for 20 something years forgot how horrible it is
 But I was I was tiny to get some picture I was 171 pounds last week, which is crazy
 Had a man that lights in college, so that was kind of fun and then we went in wrestling
 Russell Greco and I did
 Shocking the better Greco and I think a big part of it was my my old
 Freestyle Greco coach actually was there the tournament. He was coaching
 He's the head coach now at Utah Valley University, and so he was there coaching his guys
 And so he came over and coached me and it was cool because I couldn't remember how to wrestle Greco
 we literally spent about 15 minutes practicing Greco before the tournament and
 So he was kind of reminding me coach me through it as I was doing things wrong. He was coaching me
 I was adjusting and it was cool. I ended up taking third place in
 Greco at that at hundred 71 pound weight class, which is
 They're probably the most competitive weight class for the Masters division like that's kind of where the you know
 That's where it's tough and so I was really excited about that
 And next it was freestyle and freestyle on my first match the second match
 I was winning 72 and I slipped my eye open if you saw a picture of Instagram like I was bleeding had a
 So I get a bunch of stitches, but I end up squinting it together and for some reason if I split my eye I switch from like
 I don't know I get this is like what I'm geeking out on right now
 It's like the conscious mind versus subconscious mind stuff like that
 But to be good at anything like when you're working at your subconscious mind. That's when you have the most success, right?
 That's like when you're wrestling if you're not consciously thinking you're just doing it from
 From subconscious memories and stuff like that. That's when you compete the best
 That's why people always you know if you're losing like oh, it's because you're in your head you get out of your head
 When you're in your head is when you're consciously staking through things
 So after my eyes split open I came back to Matt and I was consciously it was weird like it
 It kicked me out of like
 Like me competing this conscious thing where I was like thinking I was thinking oh I should sprawl and oh I should try
 And I was thinking and I started thinking and then losing to this guy who I was destroying and that kind of threw me off
 And then I won my next match and then I lost my fourth match
 So I went to and to and freestyle and did not place which was hard especially because two of my friends did place
 Anyway, it's always you know, you know how that is so burned a little bit
 But same time it was so much fun. I popped a rib out which still hurts like a week later
 I'm still barely able to like breathe and move but it was so worth it. Anyway, I would do it again
 The body's healing and it was just it was so much fun
 So what I show us with you guys was this have to do with you and business or anything?
 The reality is that everything to do with it
 It's interesting throughout our lives we have different dreams and different things we chase, right?
 and then for some reason we forget about the things that
 They've been the most to us things brought happiness and joy and you know, sometimes we wake up 20 years later
 And we're not happy. We can't figure it out. We're trying to chase these other things we think will bring us happiness and and
 Sometimes we stop and they go what what made me happy?
 What when I was a kid I was happy when I was younger I was happy
 What were the things that made me the most happy and like why don't we why we reinvest in some of those things?
 You know, you could easily say well, we're also growing out of wrestling like yeah, there's not wrestling tournaments
 I can't compete but I can bring that joy back once a year and have comatery and
 Be with my friends and wrestle and like have those things and bring it back like
 It's that's a big deal, right? Like it can it can it can bring a level of happiness back to you
 It was cool because this year as I was getting close to term
 I started posting in like I'm gonna go in this tournament and a bunch of my buddies messes me one of my old friends from high school
 Literally, he's he saw me do it. So he decided to come out
 He showed up and he was in the two eight classes above me and he won it and he was like dude
 He's like I saw your thing and you were doing this. I wanted to do it
 Oh, and then one of my other friends
 who had known for a long time interaction madman person like he saw I was doing so he came and he went and did it and
 It was just cool and all the kids say man
 I see you doing and inspired me to want to do it and by me pursuing an old passion
 I got these other people to do their own thing and they had this this moment of fun and and it was just it was such a
 Anyway, it was just such a cool thing. So I want to encourage you guys
 Because right now if you're listening to me, you're probably building business and you're chasing after
 The almighty dollar or impact or influence wherever as you're looking for right and you're trying to change the world
 You know in a way which I love and I respect and I'm grateful that you are doing that
 I recommend looking back like what were the things you did when you were younger that you loved who you basketball player?
 Did you golf you played piano did you read did you go to movies?
 Did you go out to eat like what was your thing that you used to do that you don't anymore and?
 I would recommend try figure out how to how to bring that part back into life not full-time like
 Wrestling's not my full-time thing anymore
 But if I know like once a year for the rest of my life
 I'm gonna compete and I'm gonna wrestle like that I don't lose that part of me that part of my essence that part of like who I am
 Part of my identity I give you asking this day like my identities
 Maybe we'll do the exercise here on the podcast someday
 But like I have many identities that I associate with right and one of the strongest identities that is still ingrained in me
 Is that I'm a wrestler and the fact that I don't wrestling more is weird
 But now the fact that I'm wrestling like I wrestle once a year. I'm a wrestler
 I still am I still am that identity that I associated with like it brings back those parts of me and my identity and my
 belief system that that made me who I was right
 It's kind of like I did a podcast a while ago about writing books right and
 And I think I mentioned something like I can't remember exactly what I said
 But I saw the most powerful exciting things you can say somebody and somebody's like hey
 What are you doing? You're like I don't know not much but if you transition like I'm writing a book and maybe the book takes you two decades
 To write but like like you're writing a book like you're an author like it's not done yet
 But you're in the process and maybe it's really really slow. That's okay
 Like you're writing a book like how like as this little this this edge of excitement in and
 Something to talk about something to dream about something to you know
 I mean and so for me, it's like again
 I know I'm not gonna be the best wrestler in the world anymore like that ship is sell
 That's not my goal, but man the fact that I'm a wrestler and I wrestle and I compete and I go to tournaments every year on and I
 Want to I took third in the country in Greco last week, you know like
 Just it gives you something that you miss when you get older, you know
 It's a kid that's all we pursue this all went after and then as adults
 We shutless things down and we focus on our careers and those other kind of things which are good
 But I just want to encourage you guys to look back and see like what are the things that made you the most happy when you're a kid
 And how can you weave those things back into your life?
 Again doesn't be all you know all consuming or overwhelming or pull you off of your mission
 But I promise you that it'll fuel your mission in a different way that you weren't expecting that you weren't thinking was gonna happen
 Because you're you bring those things back. So that's what I want to give to you guys today
 It was a fun experience for me. It was fun for the people I went with it's fun for the people who who came because they saw me doing it
 I inspired them
 And they need you and you start doing these things you're gonna inspire the people like when I decide I'm gonna write up
 I'm gonna be an author. That's an identity. I want I'm gonna be an author. I'm gonna write a book
 I should write my book like other people wrote books because I wrote a book right having a listener
 I wrote a book because Russell wrote a book like if there's a lot of you
 It's like I inspired other people to do along the journey and like the wake of you going after these
 These things like the wake of contribution it creates is huge
 And so I think that's one of the reasons why we should do any of the things we do right pursuing business or our passions or anything
 It's like as you're moving forward trying to accomplish or achieve or create
 There's this wake and I say wake like a boat right when you're in a boat going forward
 There's this wake that is caused behind you that wake for you is contribution
 Like there's this wake of contribution that will go behind you as you are pursuing your dreams
 That'll change other people's lives inspire them and get them excited and give them permission to live their dreams
 Like again this year two of my actually three Tom Bill as well
 I had three of my friends who came to the wrestling tournament because they saw me go to wrestling tournament like that like I
 There's a wake that also like their lives got affected and changed and they were excited and like because of because of me going after that thing for myself
 So anyway, I'm putting it out there. What's your thing? What's the thing you used to love the most?
 What does it even is? How can you go out there and do it?
 Thanks guys for listening. I hope that this helps inspire at least one of you
 And hopefully a lot of you guys
 You'll find the thing that made you the most happy when you're younger and weave that back into your life
 in some little way
 Because I promise you it's worth it. You know what I'm sitting here now broken ribs
 Cut up by
 You know body sore finger sore back sore knees like everything sore like everything hurts
 I'm sitting here like oh, I miss this. I miss that feeling
 And everyone's like you're crazy. Why do that? You're so old. I'm like, I know but like this feeling of like
 Like feeling get hit by a dump truck
 Um, but knowing I did it in the work because it was it was fun for me is it's the it's the best
 So I want you guys to experience as well in your line of whatever you do
 so find it
 pursue it and
 Let me know how it goes afterwards. Thanks so much everybody and we'll talk to you soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook instagram or wherever you post stuff
 And be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost 20 thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bs letter dot com
 Not only you can get the 20 000 gift
 You also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 There'll be hand delivered by the millman to your millbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bs letter dot com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
