 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. This is actually a really cool late night edition
 I'm at my house right now. It is getting close to midnight and hanging out with my dad who's in town and
 We're talking about business and some stuff and folks. You know my dad. He does a lot of
 Business structuring and accounting and stuff for a lot of the funnel hackers in fact
 Almost everybody who joins the two comical X program eventually ends up getting my dad to set up their books and their company and everything
 So he's a lot of experience with a lot of our entrepreneurs and we're talking about protection and how to protect yourself from creditors and predators and
 Not only from a business standpoint from a but from personal standpoint and so we thought hey while we're sitting here talking about this
 You might as well record a podcast. I don't do a lot of podcasts that are interviews
 which is kind of fun having my dad here and I also want to say that I'm not a lawyer or
 Not giving you legal advice something you should definitely look into yourself
 If you don't help structuring these kind of things that we're talking about my dad
 And this company is available to help that and we'll talk about that kind of at the at the end of this
 Podcast so with that said we're in cute theme song we come back all the chance to introduce you to my dad
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody welcome back like I said I'm excited here tonight
 the kitchen table all the kids are finally in bed my dad and I are talking about business and
 Excited to have him here and kind of share some really cool things with you guys things that a lot of times as entrepreneurs
 Don't think about we think about creating things and selling things and a lot of times we don't think about protecting ourselves and so
 That's why that's what people like my dad do is help us with those kind of things so we can keep selling stuff and keep creating stuff
 And I'd end up losing
 You know a lot of things that we that we've earned
 You know anything from houses to your money to all sorts of stuff and so that's what we're talking about tonight
 So dad, how are you feeling tonight? I'm feeling really good Russell
 Appreciate you give me the opportunity to chat with you and with your audience tonight. I think it should be fun
 Yeah, so what we're gonna start with is
 I know in the past we've talked about protecting your business right and how you structure entities
 I know you do that for a ton of people in the ClickFunnels community a lot of funnel hackers and things like that
 I
 Don't you know how many people have any of our people we say your way? Yeah, I know you there's been a lot
 But I'm curious like just with all the people that you're you're working with you're setting up business
 But people thinking past just like their business structure they think about their personal
 You know the personal stuff is just kind of the the business stuff typically right now
 Well most people when they contact me they're they're interested in protecting their business
 And that's understandable because they're just going into business and there's a lot of roadblocks out there a lot of pitfalls
 That they can step into and so you know they come to me and they talk to me about you know
 What type of business should I have?
 You know should it be a corporation should it be an LLC should it be some other type of entity and
 we go through and we discuss that and
 We like to discuss things with our clients
 We point out three major points that we like to address as we are talking to them about their businesses one
 We like to make sure that the business that we helped them
 Set up around there or the structure we set up around their business
 We want to make sure that it gives the best liability protection to the individual
 the second thing is we want to
 Make sure that it's easy to operate in you don't spend all your time working on the business and not have any time to sell your products
 to people or develop customers and things and the third thing we like to look at is to see if there's some sort of
 inherent tax
 savings ability within the entity that you might be able to take advantage of if you find that you are starting to make a
 Lot of money in your business and and you're spending a lot of money in the taxes
 So those are the things we've kind of discussed over time with with a lot of your clients and it's been very well received
 and we've helped
 hundreds of your internet marketing
 Entrepreneurs super nerds. Yes, you want to call ourselves
 Set up their businesses was funny is that and we told us in other times
 We've talked publicly, but like when I first started my business
 I think I'm like a lot of entrepreneurs where we get excited we start selling things and then
 For me, I've been selling things for like a year and a half or two years and we were at a family reunion
 And I was telling my dad like I'm making money selling things on the internet
 He's like so who you paying tech who's doing your books?
 I'm like, I don't know what you're talking about. He's paying taxes. I'm like that's the cool thing on the internet
 There's no taxes you get to keep all the money and he was like you have to pay tax address
 So if my dad came up and started to help me structure things way back and it's almost 18 years ago now
 Which is crazy, but I think a lot of entrepreneurs come into our coaching programs or come to ClickFunnels
 And all their thinking about sending out was which is how do I sell something and so it's been nice is so many people
 He who are selling things you're coming back and like okay, so restructuring getting in getting your business in place
 Actually having the right kind of business where you're not getting taxed nearly as much and all those things that
 Typically we don't think about when we're getting started. We're just excited to try to sell stuff
 It's less cool that you're doing the business structure
 I think the second side of it and this is something I didn't realize until my business started growing right is
 Just the legal liability not only to your business, but also to yourself personally
 You know, I don't think I would ever believe that that people sued
 other people until like my business started growing and you know, I literally have full-time legal counsel now because
 You know people who click phones people are suing ClickFunnels clients. It comes me like there's just all sorts of stuff
 And so I'm more and more aware of it all the time
 And I think that's what's fascinating we're talking about tonight is I think people are a lot of people have structured their business to protect themselves
 a lot of them haven't thought about from the personal standpoint yet per protecting the personal assets as well and
 so
 In personal assets can be a lot of things you want to talk about some of the things that those could be because it could be anything
 Right, right all sorts of stuff. Yeah, well
 You know as you're saying people spend a lot of time and effort protecting their business assets
 But they don't think about their personal assets, you know when I say personal assets
 I mean things like you know, you have a most people have a savings account
 Some people invest in money market accounts or they'll purchase CDs from banks or maybe they'll set up a brokerage account and purchase stocks and bonds
 And mutual funds and things maybe they're into you know Bitcoin. Yeah, I pick coin
 You know then they have buying cryptocurrency were buying Russell coin and all sorts of stuff
 Right and so people buy those things and or they also purchase homes and cars and boats and and then they create businesses and
 a lot of people like to purchase rental real estate and
 You know, they they do this and this is great because it's this is how they grow their family wealth
 but the the problem is is that
 They title everything in their own name when they do this personally in their own name
 It's interesting because I set up my Bitcoin account on my personal name and then we recently set
 Company ones and it's way harder to get a company one steps
 My guess is most of you guys have your Bitcoin especially using a coin base or
 Gem and I are one of the one of the big, you know crypto things
 You're probably at least if you're like me you just set up on your personal name because you didn't think about it
 You're like oh, this is way easier
 Anyway, so yeah, I'm guessing that that most of us including me have done this incorrectly. I would get go. Yeah
 So the question that I dad is okay, so
 We've talked about protecting business, but like what's
 Let's say I have this stuff. I have my my my crypto currency. I've got my house. I got my car
 I got my things all my personal name. Why is that a problem? What's the like where like why should I be concerned about that?
 That's a very good question
 If you think about it if you have everything titled in your own name it belongs to you personally and
 They call those personal assets and unfortunately personal assets can be taken from you for example
 Let's just say one day you're driving down the freeway at freeway speeds
 maybe you're at 65 70 miles an hour and
 Somebody or something distracts you for a mere second and you look away and you're dealing with this and you look up and
 You find it all the traffic in front of you has stopped and you don't have enough time to put on your brakes and bam
 You hit into the back end of this car at 65 or 75 miles an hour
 At that type of an impact
 He said it's probably hurt the guys back break his back or start to car pile up 13 car
 Yeah
 and so at that point in time let's say it was a serious accident
 Let's say there was a neck broken or a back broken and the person became
 You know paralyzed and could no longer work for the rest of his life
 And you know in that situation he's gonna have a lot of medical bills right up front
 And then he's gonna have to have round the clock care the rest of his life
 And you know the amount of money you have for your insurance policy on your cars is not gonna be enough
 No matter how much you have to take care of that and so if one of those things were to occur the
 You know the courts would want to find out if you own any assets
 That they can take from you and give to this injured party to compensate him for that injury
 And so you know let's say this person's files as lawsuit against you and it looks like he's gonna be able to win
 The courts are gonna then give you a list and say we need you to list out all your assets for us
 You have a new pick going now
 Do you have a savings account? Well, yeah, I guess I do you know do you have a you know bank CDs?
 Yeah, I got some of those what about money market accounts. Yeah, I got some of those
 You have a brokerage account with stocks bonds mutual funds. Yeah, I got some of that Bitcoin
 Yeah, I got some of that the boat your car. What do you got? What are you boats cars all these things?
 And you're telling them and the judge is going good good good good
 Now we know we got now we know what we've got and so he says this guy's gonna need round the clock care the rest of his life
 It's gonna be extremely expensive
 And you injured him it was your fault
 So we're gonna take all these personal assets that you own that are titled in your name
 And we're going to change the title out of your name into the name of this person that was injured and
 So you could lose every single thing you've been building all your life for many years possibly
 Just because you were distracted for a mere second
 You know while traveling down the freeway
 This is the reason why everyone should drive Tesla's because Tesla have auto drive which would would solve that problem, but I'm not so
 Testless tonight, but it's not just it's not just that like it's it could be all sorts of things right could be a car accident to be
 Somebody as soon as you for a million things you they took one of your supplements that you sell and it got them sick
 It could be I mean there's a million different things
 I mean the lot the number lawsuits that happen nowadays is insane and people try to do everything
 So it could be as ridiculous as like I don't like your tweet you post it that day
 Because dumb as that is people can see you for that stuff or they don't like the way you respond or whatever it is
 Do you I'm curious you know like
 How many lawyers do we have nowadays how many lawsuits are happening on average? Yeah, I have some statistics actually
 We want to cry actually the US financial education foundation and they have done a study and they say that is estimated that there's over
 40 million lawsuits filed every year in the United States and
 That you asked about the number of lawyers they say that the average number of lawyers exceeds over 1 million
 lawyers in our country at this point in time
 But if you take that 40 million lawsuits, let's say just divided it by
 365 days a year. I mean that's Saturday Sundays holidays
 It would still come out to a hundred and nine thousand
 589
 lawsuits filed each day in the United States. We're gonna per state you're looking that divided by 50 out of the map, but that's a lot
 Yeah, they're coming after you. So my question is and it's fun back
 Very first time a dad taught me this stuff in the very first event I ever did
 The price 17 years ago for some every like an internet marketing event
 My dad came to give a presentation and he titled his presentation creditors and predators
 And so the question is how do we protect ourselves and our assets from both creditors and creditors people who are coming after us?
 And I want you to understand too like it is insane the amount of frivolous lawsuits like the bigger you get the more you're gonna
 Get I get frivolous lawsuits. They come to us. They're just insane. We're like
 Just people literally trying to find money
 Like I'll give you a good example one is somebody sign up for ClickFunnels and we sign up it says hey
 You put your credit card and then it says if my billing
 If my billing doesn't go through a credit card fails
 Please text me so that you my service doesn't interrupt any type in their phone numbers
 Somebody did that they sign up for clickfunnels account for their credit card and put in their cell phone number click the little checkbox
 I said yes text me if
 If my credit card fails turns out they put in a credit card
 That's like one of those throwaway ones and so the first bill went through within 30 days later
 They didn't go through so our system fired off text message like that
 So they got this text message and then they file a TCBA law case against us
 and
 We got sued and it cost me twenty thousand dollars to fight this one lawsuit
 And we won because the person to check the box but cost me 20 grand to fight it
 Okay, that was like one text message percent and the anyway
 So it's insane like people can see for anything even if it's
 Complete fake that person that we found where you find the person who did that and they file like a thousand TCPA cases a week or something like that
 Just because there are a lot of signs for everything putting their cell phone number in there suing everybody
 It's like there's people like that. These are the predators. They're out there
 They're trying to do these things and it happens to me more often the bigger we get and it's insane to me
 Which is why we have legal counsel and we have these things but like
 It does I just want to put that out there because mostly as you write all that's not going to never gonna happen to me
 But as you start growing your business, it's going to happen and so you got to start thinking about these things now and protecting yourself now because
 The bigger you get the bigger target you become so
 Right and so we want to be able to protect our assets and
 You might ask well, okay. How do we do that?
 You know, I understand protecting my business assets
 I can go ahead and set up a you know an LLC or corporation to protect my business assets
 But how do I protect my personal assets?
 What am I going to do and how can I you know?
 How is it even possible that I can protect those type of things? Well, there was a
 very famous statement by Nelson Rockefeller
 I don't know if you know the Rockefeller family
 They're the ones that started standard oil there some of them, you know
 Some of the major families in a man, you know in the world rock though happens an amazing book. He has never read it
 And so they they've made lots and lots of money
 and of course as they just like Russell said as he is Russell started making money people started suing him well
 same thing happened with the Rockefeller's they started making a lot of money and
 People wanted it and they started getting sued and they were losing and people they were losing their assets
 Because people were suing them and so they finally it came and dawned on them and they made this really
 interesting
 statement that I think everybody should know and understand and
 They said basically the secret to success is to own nothing but control everything
 I like that
 So that's awesome the secret to success is to own everything or to own nothing but to control everything
 So how does somebody like me how do we do something like that?
 Okay, great. Well, we do that
 By using a another type of an entity, you know, we talked about
 corporations and limited liability companies for your business assets, but there are
 really nice entity types for your personal assets and one of them would be called the limited family partnership or limited partnerships and so
 They call nickname on kind of limited family partnerships because families set these things up all the time
 They're used in a state work
 You know if you're trying to set up a way to pass on your estate to your children and your grandchildren the attorneys will use a limited
 Partnership to do that. That's one of the main functions of it, but it can come into play and help us out here
 You know
 In when we're trying to protect our personal assets and so how can it do that? How what what's
 What characteristics does it have that allows it to do that?
 well
 The first characteristic comes from the way our laws
 Define the term person
 Now Russell buys ask you who's a person. What's a person? How would you what would you say?
 I'd say human being with a brain in a heart at least a least a heart
 Some don't have brains. I'm not gonna lie just kidding
 And there's to currently alive right because if they were dead they'd be a corpse
 Yeah
 So that would be a person and yeah, that is actually a good definition of a person
 But our laws say well, that's not quite right in our opinion. I say we feel a person is a corporation
 We feel a person is a limited liability company
 We feel a person is a limited partnership
 We feel a person is a trust and we feel a person is a living breathing individual
 You know, that's alive here on this earth. So they greatly expand the definition of a person
 now
 the interesting thing
 when they do that they expand that definition they
 Have a little twist in there. That's really beneficial to us that twist is they say even though you created this person and
 even though you control this person a hundred percent and even if this person owned any assets and
 those assets generated income and that income you take and use for yourself even the thing all those things are true and
 Happens that person is not you it's someone separate and distinct from you and this person can you know
 Our laws give these these artificial people the same rights and privileges that you and I have as as individuals
 You know, they can have their own name
 It's like we have our own name. They can have their own EIN number, which is similar to our social security number
 They can hold title to any type of property that you can think of
 They can open up savings accounts money market accounts, you know, Bitcoin accounts
 You know, they can do all these things
 They can if someone's bothering them they can sue that person and you know under their own name
 So they can do all these things in their own name and so that because of that fact we are able to
 Utilize this these characteristics of a separate person from us to be able to provide liability protection for our personal assets
 You're saying the characteristics of a limit of these people sound like my own kids except for you so that you can control them and
 They left listen to you. So it's kind of like a teenager except for they don't you have no control over your teenagers
 They don't listen to you. So very similar
 So how can we use these characteristics to own nothing but control everything?
 Well first off as we mentioned we'd like to create a limited family partnership that we can control remember we control it
 We create it we control it we reap the benefits of any income it earns
 So we do that and then what we would want to do is transfer the title
 To your savings account out of your name and into the name of the limited partnership
 Remember we said it can open up its own bank account savings account money market accounts and things if you have any money market accounts
 You'd want to immediately change the title into the limited partnership the name of the limited partnership
 If you had you know stocks and bonds and mutual funds and a brokerage account
 You'd want to shift those over into the name of the limited partnership
 you know if you have bank or
 Bitcoin account you know with the couple's wallets with bitcoins in you'd want to change the name into the you know
 Into the the name of the limited partnership and not your personal name and by doing that
 Now this person owns those assets and you don't you no longer own them
 But as I mentioned you control them and if they make money money belongs to you, but that person is not you
 So that fact that that person is not you how is that going to help you?
 Well, let's go back to that accident
 we talked about traveling down the freeway and you you know distracted and boom you hit into this person and
 Now the courts are asking you to list your assets and you know that you've wisely beforehand
 Title all these assets into the name of your limited partnership
 So now you look at their list that they want you to fill out for assets and they're saying do you have a savings account?
 No, I don't you know do you have a brokerage account? No any money market accounts? No any bank CDs? No
 Bitcoin accounts no and you're answering truthfully because they're under our laws those assets
 Do not belong to you they belong to this other person. That's not you
 You control that person though you can't or you can ride in the boat whenever you want to that's right
 Exactly and so the the nice thing is is if you think about it
 You know when in that accident we talked about it was you driving the car that caused that accident to occur
 Well, was your limited partnership in the car with you? No
 Did the limited partnership distract you in any way while you were driving no the limited partnership
 Teach you how to drive a car. No the limited partnership
 Manufacture the car no that limited partnership didn't do anything
 To be involved in that accident the cause that accident to have occurred
 It has done nothing because you know to cause that to happen and because of the fact that that's the case
 That person is innocent in the eyes of our laws and so a court cannot go through
 you
 The person that caused the accident to this other person who's not you and was not involved in the accident and take that person's
 Assets from them they can't do that
 so all of a sudden now you have a very safe place to
 title and hold title to your personal assets and
 that a
 You know a creditor or predator cannot get to no matter what you do in your personal life
 But it's even better than that
 It's also protected from anything you do in your business life because as an LLC or as a corporation
 They had that veil of liability protection that keeps this creditor or predator that's doing your business
 From going through the business itself to the owners and taking their assets
 So it's protected from anything you do in your business life anything you do in your personal life
 And so as a result
 You have a it's probably only place that you can have to have this type of protection for your personal assets
 So can women family partnerships be sued?
 That's a very good question
 Can they be sued because if they could be sued all those assets you're titling there could be taken right
 Just like if you know if they're in your name and you injure somebody they can be taken so can they be sued?
 well
 if you think about it
 Can you know when he comes to a person or a business being sued?
 There's only about four reasons why a lawsuit can occur one
 if a person creates a product and
 sells that product and
 Person buys that product and it injures them then that person could sue the business or
 Let's say that the person the business was a service business
 It was providing services for people and they paid for those services and then down the road felt that they were injured somehow or another
 They could sue the business
 or let's say if the business gave out advice and
 People took that advice and something happened and they felt they were injured
 well if they did that they could sue that person or that business who gave out that advice and
 The only other way that a business could be sued is if that
 business or that entity
 Partners up with someone else either another living breathing individual or even another
 Artificial person and the two partners got mad at each other and wanted to sue each other then a lawsuit can occur
 But the way these limited partnerships that we create are set up
 It will never provide a product ever it will never
 produce a provide a
 Service to anybody never gives out any advice and the only person they could ever
 Partner up with would be you and no one else so you can't sue yourself
 And so as a result
 There's no way it can be sued
 It's just a kind of a silent partner that holds title to all your possessions that you can control and
 Reef the benefits from that cannot be sued and so those assets cannot be taken from you out of that
 Okay, so simple limited family partnership we put our assets who put our things into that then what like what's the next step?
 What do we do the assets and stuff after dinner? Okay, you would do like you would do if you had them titled in your own name
 Let's say you had a savings account. Well as your businesses are doing well. You're receiving
 Excess money out of your business over and above your normal
 Well monthly expenses you most likely would want to create a savings account
 So you'd create a savings account in the name of your limited partnership and you start funding money into it
 Maybe down the road is you know, that's growing you're feeling good about it
 And then maybe you'd say well a money market account might give me a little better interest
 So I'm gonna open up a money market account as well. So I'm gonna start pumping some money there
 There may be one day you're in the bank and the bank's managers says look at these great CD rates
 We've got you out of you know
 You got to purchase a CD bank CD and you look at him and you say well, yeah, that's pretty nice
 Better than I can get some other places. So yeah, I'll invest in some bank CDs
 Facebook and you're like everyone's talking about crypto. That's got to be the greatest thing in the world. Right, right?
 You know
 So you would set up your crypto account in the name of your limited partnership
 And you start funding these things all these things, you know that you're gonna grow your wealth in they're all gonna be
 Title to the name of this limited partnership. So in essence what happens is that limited partnership?
 becomes your family bank
 This is where you hold your wealth. This is where you grow your wealth in your family bank in this
 safe environment
 Where people they can't sue you if you injured them personally and they can't sue you and take those assets
 If you injured them in the course of your business
 So that's what we would want to do is start funding these things creating our home family bank
 Where we can then grow those funds?
 Now as you're growing those funds
 There's another benefit to it. Not only do you have a place to store your money and grow it, but
 you know
 Most entrepreneurs that I've found you know
 They find something that they like and they set up a new business and then down the road
 They say well, I see ten other businesses. I'd like to get involved in
 Yeah, there's a there, you know, I'd like to get into e-commerce or I'm not like to get into rental real estate or man
 You know, there's all these great things I can invest my money into and I'd like to do some of that
 And so let's say that you want to get into rental real estate
 And you start looking at properties and you then say okay. Here's a house. I'd like to buy
 But then you look at your personal
 Assets well, do you have a savings account? No because it belongs. It's titled in name your limited partnership
 Do you have money market accounts broke into accounts anything in your name? Well, no, you don't
 Because you don't own those things anymore
 So they're all owned and controlled by your limited partnership and you it's controlled by you so you
 have that money growing in there and
 Let's say that you know, you're sitting there thinking to yourself
 I don't have the money to buy this rental real estate
 But I would you like to do it if I had the money then you could look to your family bank
 Which now be kind it becomes the investment arm of your business
 Because it's gonna say well, I have the money. I've saved all this money
 I have the money available to purchase this rental real estate with and
 so
 You know the limited partnership says let's partner up together and I'll put the money in and you
 Use the money and buy the rental property and we'll share the profits
 50/50 and so now you have
 another stream of income flowing towards your limited partnership besides, you know
 What you personally contribute to it and so now you're gonna have a bigger chance of
 You know a chance of growing your wealth at a faster pace than what you would have done normally
 so
 So not only becomes your family bank, but it becomes the investment arm of your overall business structure
 Very cool and Dickey's that invest in all sorts stuff like you said from real estate. They could do it in
 Bitcoin they could do it in a new business opportunity. They could do it in
 Funnicking live they could do it in some some secrets books. They could buy one funnel a challenge
 They could buy all my products my services and should I do the best?
 Well, yeah, you got a good track record there
 The inner circle if I were opening up again to come up with a coaching program anyway
 I don't I don't know if that's legal advice or I don't know if that's investment advice if that's your legal authorities
 But anyway, there's a lot of things obviously you can use start investing money and to start start growing your your wealth portfolio
 Over time right your family wealth. So it's a it's a wonderful
 It's a very wonderful entity type that can protect you and give you that confidence in that feeling of safety knowing that
 Your personal assets are also protected
 not just your business assets through your LLC or your ass corporate whatever not only are those protected but also your
 personal assets are protected and
 That's a great
 position to be in and
 Knowing that you know even if I slip up accidentally
 People can't get to those assets. So anyway, it's a great great way to take care of your personal assets
 It makes you sleep better night
 I think that's one of the biggest that I found over the last five or six years is just the more ways we protect ourselves the
 Easier to sleep and I knowing you can keep moving forward and keep
 Keep fulfilling your mission and you know doing what you're called to do. So all right. So my question for you next
 And then we'll kind of wrap after this is
 For those who listen this you're like that's awesome
 I need that or maybe they're even like a step for back and they're like I don't have my business structure
 So we kind of both sides if you if you're like I'm a new entrepreneur
 I don't have a business yet or if they I got my business stuff structured
 I think that I think that's correct
 I like some to look at it or number three is like I want to do this piece of it
 I need to get my personal my personal assets protected as well, which I think a lot of people haven't done that step yet
 Obviously, you know this podcast isn't about giving legal advice
 But I know this is something that you do for a lot of people a lot of people in our community
 If someone wants to have your help getting anything kind of set up
 What's the best way for them to get ahold of you?
 well
 A lot of people will find us by going to our website, which is www.bookease.com
 So that's B-O-O-K-E-A-S-E
 Bookies.com and on there you'll see a picture of me
 You can click on that and it'll be able to take you to my calendar and you could then schedule a time on my calendar for you
 Just for us to speak
 or
 You know my email address is very easy. It's just Ross at
 Bookies.com so you can email me and say I'd like to talk with you
 I will then send you a link to my calendar and we will then set up a time to talk with each other
 So either my email address
 Or my bookies.com the website address again
 That's B-O-O-K-E-A-S-E.com and I want to say something down to two things
 Number one is I don't get anything to tell me about this other than my dad's awesome and he's helped some people in our community
 So I don't get paid for this but number two is my dad always undercharged on everything
 I keep trying to get into like tripleless prices so
 Just you know like there's not someone who's gonna do a better job with this for you and honestly at a cheaper price
 So someday I'm gonna convince him to charge what he's worth and then none of you guys will be able to afford him
 But just kidding but they get all honesty they get everyone always
 Inside the two comical coaching program. Maybe everyone like in module one they go get their business up my dad
 And I was come back like he explained all the stuff that they never understood before and it was so inexpensive
 So it's like yeah, so it's it's amazing what he does and it'll help you guys get again
 You're limited family partnerships set up if you're looking for that
 Or again if you're getting your business just started and you need that stuff set up as well
 You also if they don't have bookkeeping and there's a whole bunch of things you can help them kind of get set up in their business
 So yes, yeah, we'd love to chat with you and I'm the one you'd be talking to
 I like to spend a good hour with each new customer and we talk about the strength and weaknesses of entity types
 You know which one is best for them under their certain circumstances
 And so we pretty much tailor make our our programs for each individual
 Yeah, so take advantage of you guys it's amazing service
 And yeah, go to bookies.com and get started so that said thanks for hanging out tonight with me
 That was fun and but second off. Thanks for sharing
 This piece of I think as you we were talking about before we started recording
 There's so many entrepreneurs who haven't even thought about this and
 Usually when you think about this is when it's too late
 And so it's good to kind of get this in the forefront of people's minds and help them to be aware of it and get
 Instructions set up because it does not that hard to get structured and then you have it and its protection makes you sleep
 Better night and someday when you need it you've got it. That's right. You want it set up before?
 The lawsuit yet begin a rack. I don't call my dad off I can't
 Yeah, that was the time
 That's awesome. Thanks dad. Thanks everybody. If you guys got value from this episode
 Please take a screenshot of it post on Instagram or Facebook wherever you do your social stuff and tag me in it
 And also all your other entrepreneur friends who are just like me and you who are chasing all the shiny objects building businesses
 Not even thinking about how to protect ourselves with them know about this episode so they can know about
 Limited family partnerships they can know about my dad he can help them out as well and get your stuff set up and protect it
 And that way you can just worry about really doing what's most important in your business
 Which is serving your audience and beginning things set up will make you sleep better night and help protect you long term
 So thank you dad to give them for listening and I will see you guys on the next episode of the marketing secrets podcast
 Yes, thank you. Appreciate the chance to be with you today. Go to bookies.com. Let's go. See you guys
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay, and the phone over in your text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
