 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to day number four of fellow hacking live
 This is the last recap episodes to kind of share with you guys
 You last day if I'm liking live so far I covered in the last three episodes covered
 Episode one which was I would talk about impact and income number two was one funnel way and number three was to comic Club
 And today I'm talking about changing the world
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so excited to have you guys here for this episode so I'm gonna walk you through the last day and
 The last day
 It was a special day. It was really really cool
 The day started with Brian Bowman and if he has no Brian yet
 He's an amazing human being one of my favorite people on planet earth
 He came up and told his story his title presentation was taking action with a sense of urgency
 He talked about his wife who started with Lyme disease and showed videos of her and then talked about what he's done to try to like
 Overcome that and how like if you want anything good in life
 You have to act with a sense of urgency you can't just like um you know we can get to that eventually and it was an emotional presentation
 It was amazing and just grateful for Brian for sharing a very personal struggle with story
 To help inspire other people to act with sense of urgency and it was just so good. So thank you Brian for that
 after Brian spoke
 Then I got back on stage and there's much people I've asking questions about funnel
 I'm about the two complex offers so I answer some of the frequently asked questions there and then when that was done
 then
 Then I did a presentation called breaking the chains of false belief and actually brought back mire and golden on stage to do that
 Because mire and is a master storyteller and closer and I basically told people initially
 I said okay for how many guys are I sent to comic labex and we had I think at the time like
 Four hundred and some people had signed up and I'm ready to have a say okay for all you guys
 Where I said up or I'm gonna show my ears come up here and show you guys some of the best closing techniques
 I've ever seen ever it's gonna be really fun
 I mean I have not signed up yet and then like everywhere but I was sheepishly like
 You know my okay for those you guys you haven't signed up yet
 I'm gonna have my own help me get you off the ledge and these clothes
 And he sure are intended to help close you to get you to sign up for the program
 Cuz I know it's what you need to take your business your life's next level
 So my room came up and and basically he's the man he got up and I asked him questions
 I know I knew four stories that he had that are amazing stories
 And I kind of set him up. It's okay my room tells the first story about the free pool cheap old people
 Anyway that one so he goes on tells this thing. It's a 10 minute story. That's just amazing to get people to rise
 Wow, I need you know
 This is the shift I need to make and I said can you tell me the Eagle story told that one until that one
 I told all four of these stories that were amazing
 God he's so amazing. I can listen to him all day long and just never get tired in the end of it
 I came back up and said okay. Thanks so much. Um, you know for so much for
 For doing that, you know, we all get around to pause and my left stage
 And I kind of one more last push like look guys. This is the deal like this is not about me
 This is about you and we need a you know and kind of my last clothes to keep people to sign up during the breaks
 So I have 30 minute break and come back Garrett white screaming on stage
 And when he gets on stage just closed down
 He can't slap anymore so now it's the time to go back and then the funniest thing is I played a I played a voxer clip from Brandon
 And Kaylee had missed to be the night before so I had the I had a hand handle my some bliss and handheld Mike playing my my thing over the
 speaker and
 It's living here the voxer. It was really cool
 Having brandy Kaylee and kind of tell their story about what happened three years ago since they first came and you know
 Where they're at today?
 It was it was awesome
 And then it's like it done
 I'm talking and talking also
 I see somebody coming from the back of the stage and I was like oh it's one of the stage hands
 You need the mic excited Mike plus I had Mike on my lapel or my ear right?
 So I turned around and I hand this person the mic and I hand you to him
 I realized that is not one of the stage people. He's got a he's got one of our shirts on everything
 Oh, and you guys Mike starts talking and I'm like I just handed someone who came on stage a hot mic
 Like what in the world like I start talking and talking and I'm like my head am I what in the world like?
 They let him on stage. There must be a reason why we let him on stage, but he's telling the story
 I had no idea he's talking about it was like it was weird
 And then also I see Dave coming running up from the back of my oh no this guy's not supposed to be on stage
 I handed him a hot mic in the middle of my clothes
 The day can open like took the mic from him and like took him off stage and toy threw me off guard
 I was just like hey my room I momentum
 But I was like alright well that was not planned alright guys
 We're taking a break go sign up and I walked off and I was just like what in the world did that happen?
 So first off never do that in the event there's no way to faster offend people and make
 The event promoter upset than you coming on stage and taking a hot mic for them second
 I'm now we're gonna have to have security guards that fun liking live to keep people anyway
 It's just not cool. So that was not cool. You would have wanted that don't ever do that again. That's not cool
 Second off it toy coffee coffee coffee coffee coffee off guard, but luckily didn't close the momentum
 And then we broke and went backstage and during that period time. I think 250 or 300 people
 Sign up for the coaching program. So my written magic pushed over another almost $3 million in sales in 30 minutes
 So it was it was cool and gave us a billion out of serve all these these so many amazing people
 And I was excited for that. So that was kind of how that ended then we came back from the break and Garrett white came on stage
 And it's funny like I
 Never know what's gonna happen with Garrett and I'm always nervous and I warn people like he's gonna swear a lot
 So if you're offended, please leave and anyway, I get backstage and I walk back there and he's getting dressed up
 And he's got this like phantom of the opera mask on and a hoodie and another hoodie and I'm like
 Hey man, what are you doing? He's like he's like you trust me. I'm like, I think so. He's like I promise would be good
 I'm like, okay, whatever
 See, he got his presentation, which was like intense my wife's sitting next to me holding my arm like scared to death and its initial thing
 the initial pattern interrupt
 It was powerful and then he went through and it gave us whole presentation showing like how to show up in the morning
 How to get yourself in state in the morning and and hold the point system scoring system and stuff he shares it with his warriors
 Part of warrior week, um, it was really really cool. So that presentation was awesome and he got done
 Everyone to lunch and we had a special lunch at all two comical bags people
 Um, we had the kind of finish sign a process and it was crazy that room was so full
 We were not planning on that many people that fast
 Um, but it's an amazing initial army of people for us to work with and my goal for next year
 I think we can honestly have 500 people get on stage to get to comical awards
 And so this program is the goal that is to get everyone to do comic club and I'm so excited for it
 When we came back from lunch, then tony robins was there to robins came on stage did his thing for about four hours
 maybe four and a half and um, you know, tony's tony it was amazing as always people were jumping around going crazy
 Um, and then when that was done todden I got back on stage
 we kind of wrapped up the event and went backstage and um
 and
 The rest has been a blur. I don't even remember. Oh, yeah
 We, uh, got pictures with tony real quick the way i had to eat with the the team
 And I passed out and slept next morning. We slept most of the day. It went up to like 11 the next day
 I was so tired and then my kids flew in that night and then
 Monday, Tuesday, we're Disney Disney, Wednesday with day off
 Thursday friday universal universal and saturday jumping and playing flying home
 And then yeah, now i know i'm here so it's been it's been a crazy
 I saw him recovery. I'm so super tired as you probably tell, but it was an amazing thing and for me like
 I don't know like I don't know about you guys. I love marketing. I love sales. I love like this whole
 Entrepreneurship, I love what we do and I really like this event
 um
 For me it was like an opportunity for me to
 to
 To bring like my herd of people together and just serve them at the highest level that I know
 possible and we did that it was like
 Only anyone who's there would have felt that like we
 We served as high as we possibly could. It was amazing
 But it also was cool because all the things all the techniques and tactics and strategies and things that we've learned about studied for years
 But for every decade for me, it's like we had a chance to use all those things in a practical application
 Right like we use it to raise over a million dollars for world
 Number of pictures. Excuse me for operational underground railroad to save hundreds of kids from sex trafficking. We used it
 In a way to launch a funnel with OUR to be able to help
 Thousands of kids more on top of that. We used it
 In a way to get people into coaching using a way to break false belief patterns. We use it in a way to reward
 People in our community. We're using a way to build our culture. We use it in a way like all these things we talk about we teach about the things
 My books things that I think are the coolest things like it was it was like the practical application of all of it
 I think even if you came and you didn't listen to a word the speaker said we just watched the process
 it was orchestrated
 Perfectly like we could write a book just about the process. In fact, maybe we will someday who knows
 But it was really really cool and there's so many
 So many things that were happening and I hope that everyone who was there experienced it and enjoyed it and left a different person
 You know, this is not an event that we do just to make money. It's not a event. We do just to
 you know
 I don't know to show how cool we are. It's an event we do literally change people's lives
 I think it was 3,000 people that were in the room that were paying attention that happened
 at different levels and
 Anyway, it was it was special and I appreciate everyone who came to it and who was part of it
 next year's event
 I don't have all the finalized dates and times, but um, we're we're planning an even more fun show with the group out the same size
 So it's not gonna be bigger. So if you want to come next year like when the we open to take it
 You should get them because um, you know, clickphones will double in size from last year to this year
 But the event size will be about the same. So, um
 It's gonna be a fight. It's gonna be a lot harder to get into the event
 Which is okay. That's how it should be. Um, we're gonna be there serving those who'd make the the effort
 You know, we were doing the math. It's like I think 5% of our clickfunnels members were there there in the room
 So 95% missed it. They missed the most life-changing experience they could have and for you who are listening this I don't want you to miss the next year like it
 It was created to do that and it did that and it will do it again next year
 If you take that leap of faith make that little that step forward. So anyway, I hope you guys
 Learn from this. I hope you enjoyed it
 Can I would see you guys next year's fun lacking live and with that said I'm gonna go get something to eat
 I'm a little hungry a little tired and get back to work
 Because we got one year to double our membership base add more features make the software stronger
 Give you guys more information training and systems education to help you get better
 And uh, so this time next year we can help change your world once again. Uh, thank you so much for everything. Appreciate you and we'll talk to you soon
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert seekers.com
 And book number two is called dot com seekers
 And you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (audience applauds)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
