 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to video number two here
 in our funnel hacker onboarding series.
 It's the marketing seekers podcast.
 Hope you guys enjoyed yesterday's podcast,
 talking about why funnels and why they're important.
 Today we're talking about the value adder.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast
 will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers.
 All right, so with that, before I show you the video,
 a lot of times when people think about value adders,
 'cause I think it's the way I explained it
 in the dot com secrets book.
 I talked about going from page one,
 there used to be funnel one,
 to funnel two, to funnel three, which is true.
 But for most people, they spend so much time
 mapping out the value adder of like,
 this is where I'm gonna go in the next 20 years.
 Eventually I'm gonna be high in coaching
 and then I'm gonna coach the president of the United States
 and I'm gonna become the president of the United States.
 Like they're going so deep in this huge value ladder,
 which is good to see, you understand like,
 here's where I'm going.
 But then it just comes down to the micro,
 like what's the value adder here?
 Like when someone hits my landing page,
 what's the value I'm giving them here?
 When they opt in, what's the value?
 And so that's what this trains about
 is it's kind of a micro level of value adders
 and how they kind of work together.
 So let's watch that clip right now.
 I hope you guys enjoy it and we'll see you on the next episode.
 All right, welcome back.
 Now in the last video we talked about what is a funnel.
 And by the way, if you haven't had a chance
 to read the .com secrets book,
 I would recommend it because this is where we go deep
 into like what is a funnel.
 The whole concept of whoever spends the most money
 to acquire customer wins is all talked about in here.
 We talk about funnel structures and like,
 it's a really good book to help you understand
 the strategy behind funnels if you don't have it yet.
 So click on the button down below, there'll be a page
 where you can go get the book.
 I think it's 795 shipping and handling,
 but that's what this is all about.
 I hope you understand funnel structure better.
 Now one of the core concepts inside of here
 that I want to share with you because it's such a key
 to understanding how funnels work
 is a concept called the value ladder.
 And so the way the value ladder works,
 if you look at this image right here,
 on the left hand axis you have value.
 This is how much value you're giving someone
 as the error goes up the higher the value is.
 On the bottom axis has price and as you go to the right,
 the price gets more and more expensive.
 Now most business owners like the most ideal thing
 would be able to provide the most amount of value
 for somebody and get the most amount of money, right?
 Like for example, we have a coaching program,
 we charge a million dollars to create
 somebody's funnel for them.
 And that's amazing, right?
 Like in a perfect world I could go to every single person
 and be like, hey, it's a million dollars,
 I'll create a funnel for you and it's gonna be awesome.
 And the problem is like if I walked up to this,
 and I saw you on the street for the first time,
 I'm like, hey, my name is Russell Brunson,
 I know I look like I'm 11 years old,
 but if you give me a million dollars,
 I will be able to funnel for you.
 You're gonna think I'm insane, right?
 'Cause I provided zero value to this point.
 Yeah, that's what a lot of us as business owners are doing.
 We're coming, we're pitching our most expensive high thing
 and like shooting for the fences,
 but people have not received value from us,
 so they don't want that.
 So if you look at like how businesses work,
 it moved through this thing called a value ladder,
 where initially when someone first comes into your world,
 they're kind of testing the water and they're filling things out.
 So what you wanna do is try to provide value for them
 right there for free.
 And if they get value, they tip their toe in the water
 and they're like, wow, that was really, really cool.
 I had a good experience with so-and-so,
 and they receive value.
 Us as humans, we naturally want more.
 And we'll start sending up saying,
 well, that was a really good experience,
 like what else do you have?
 And we'll move up the value ladder.
 We have a chance to offer them more value,
 but they'll give you more money.
 And then if they receive value at that level,
 they'll naturally want more
 and they'll keep moving through this ascension
 until you either stop selling them something
 or tell you offend them.
 And that's how business works.
 And so for you as understanding this process
 of the value ladder,
 and you know this in the real world, right?
 Somebody came to you the first day and said,
 hey, what do you do for a living?
 You would tell them and you try to explain some stuff
 and try to give them something like, oh, cool, that's awesome.
 And you build some rapport and there'll be some value there.
 And then the next thing you do is you could offer them
 something else, okay?
 It's the same thing like if and when you met your spouse,
 like the first time you met them,
 you know the first thing you ask them on a date
 and then you provide value.
 If they have a good time on the date,
 then you go on a second date
 and it keeps going on until you get married, right?
 There's this logical progression.
 Yeah, for some reason online, we all forget that.
 All these common sense rules fall out of the world
 'cause like, oh, they're pixels and they're things
 and it's traffic of it.
 No, it's people.
 You have to understand that.
 And so what happens is every single funnel
 is a value ladder, okay?
 When somebody comes to my very first page
 and I'm saying, hey, my name is Russell Brunson,
 I want you to give me your email address.
 If I stop there, you receive no value.
 Like, why would I give you my email address?
 'Cause if you come to the page and I'm like,
 hey, my name's Russell and I wrote a really cool report
 called blah, blah, blah, blah, whatever it is
 and say, I'll give you this report for free.
 Just give me your email address and I'll send it to you
 and you're like, huh, okay, you give me your email address,
 I send you this report, you get a report,
 you get some value, like that was really, really good.
 Russell's a cool dude.
 Then on the next page in the funnel,
 then it's like, hey, I just sent you the report
 and go check it out, I think you're gonna love it.
 But while you're here, I wanna make a really special offer
 to you and I try to provide value again.
 Like, normally I sell this thing for blah,
 but I'm gonna give you a special discount
 'cause you're here right now or whatever that thing might be
 because you're a first time subscriber,
 normally, the first thing I wanna sell you is this thing.
 So like, a lot of times in my business,
 I sell books for really, really cheap or we do,
 you know, if you're an offline business,
 maybe it's a free exam or whatever it is,
 but it's something you're providing value, okay?
 And if someone gets that, they buy the next thing
 and then the next page is like, hey,
 you just bought my book for 795.
 On the next page, it's like, hey,
 your book's coming, you're gonna love it,
 but some people like to learn in a classroom situation,
 I have a home study course that's this
 or whatever that thing might be, okay?
 Same thing works in e-commerce,
 in case people always tell me,
 well, that works in information, but not in e-commerce.
 But the same thing works in e-commerce.
 One of our number one click funnel sellers right now,
 he built a huge funnel,
 it was the most successful funnels I've ever seen
 and started with a flashlight.
 Hey, this is a tactical flashlight,
 would you like to buy it?
 And people bought the flashlight
 and they started thinking,
 how else can I provide value to this person?
 And start bringing them through a value ladder.
 He said, look, you bought a flashlight for this price,
 how did I get a second one and 50% off?
 And boom, like half people said yes.
 And he's like, hey, now you got this flashlight,
 we want a kit, like a carrying case,
 we can put it in, and people are like, oh yeah, sure, yes.
 Boom, and he took the next thing.
 And he kept thinking, how else do I provide value?
 Hey, do you want rush shipping?
 Yes. Hey, do you want this?
 Yes.
 And so the value ladder is always thinking about that.
 So every time I'm working on a funnel,
 I'm thinking about this as like,
 somebody, they see an ad,
 they see something, they click on something,
 they come to my page, the first page in my funnel,
 and I'm thinking, how do I provide this person value?
 What do I want in return?
 I want their email address,
 or maybe want their credit card,
 or maybe want them to register for a webinar,
 or maybe I want them,
 whatever the action is on that page,
 I'm thinking, how do I provide value to this person?
 And if I do it in a cool way,
 and they connect and they have a good experience,
 guess what?
 They're gonna wanna buy again, and again,
 and that's how you build a business the right way, okay?
 And so as we do more and more of these trainings,
 we'll go more in a value ladder
 because value ladder is happening in a bunch of places.
 It happens inside of your funnel.
 Every page in your funnel is the next step
 of a mini value ladder, okay?
 Also, and we'll talk about this in the next major training,
 after one goes through your first funnel,
 then usually we have a second funnel,
 and that's a bigger piece of the value,
 so kind of like the micro and the macro.
 And so these things are happening all the time,
 but for the, before right now,
 it's what you're thinking about that,
 it's like every single interaction happens to somebody,
 I need to provide them value,
 and then if they like that,
 they will naturally ascend up,
 they want more value, and I can charge them more,
 and if they like that, I can provide them more,
 and we keep taking them through this process, okay?
 That's how I can go right now
 and get people who pay me a million dollars
 to build a funnel for them,
 because I provide a value to all these levels,
 I provide value to my books, to my software,
 to my training, to my events,
 and now when it comes to theirs,
 it's like, yes, I trust Russell, I have rapport with him,
 he's awesome, I believe that he will do what he's gonna do,
 and now they're willing to invest the big money, okay?
 And so if your business is the same thing,
 and so you guys start thinking through that,
 and so why you guys just understand
 that concept of the value ladder, okay?
 So your homework for right now
 is to map out a value ladder.
 Now this is not talking about all the products
 and services you might sell them over the next 10 years,
 I'm talking about just this initial funnel,
 the funnel you started building in the last walkthrough,
 you have all these different pages, right?
 Depending on which funnel you picked inside the cookbook,
 and what you're thinking, in case someone lands on this page,
 what's the value I'm providing them
 in exchange for whatever's happening, their email address?
 Then if I go to the next page,
 what's the value I'm providing in exchange
 for them to give me their credit card?
 What's the value I'm providing
 to get them to buy the upsell?
 What's the value to get them to register for the webinar?
 Like whatever that thing is for your business,
 I want you thinking through that,
 and writing out every single,
 like look at all the pages in that funnel
 and just think through what's the value out
 of taking them through inside of this funnel, okay?
 And that is the key.
 Now in the next video, we're gonna talk about,
 now that you got the value,
 how do we structure the offers?
 And then talking the next video
 about the copy to sell the things on the pages.
 But right now, I want you to just conceptually thinking
 about like what do you have to offer people?
 You have all the products and the services
 and the ideas and the things that you have,
 what's the logical progression you can take somebody through
 to give them more and more value
 so they can build their relationship with you,
 they can buy your products,
 they can buy your services and you can change their life.
 That is the goal.
 So that is the assignment right now.
 And the other thing is if you don't have a copy of this book,
 yet I highly recommend, we'll have a link down below
 to go get it and again, this will teach you all
 about funnel structures and teach you about value adders
 and a whole bunch of other things.
 This will help you understand the strategy of funnels
 in a much deeper way.
 So get the book if you don't have it yet as well.
 Thanks so much and we'll see you on the next training.
 - Would you like to see behind the scenes
 of what we're actually doing each day to go our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free,
 behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 (upbeat music)
