 What's up airmen, it's Russell again, welcome to the third of our onboarding videos here
 in the Funnel Hacking Series.
 And this one is obviously in the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 So this, if you've been watching the last two days, these are clips from the new ClickFunnels
 onboarding process that help you understand the core concepts of how to get your business,
 your idea, your product, your service off the ground inside of ClickFunnels.
 If you've missed one and two, go back.
 These are part of a sequence.
 There's a series of four.
 The titles inside of Marketing Secrets will be the Funnel Hacker onboarding.
 So go and watch number one, two, first and then come back here to number three.
 Number three, we're talking about creating an offer.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right, so this is probably one of the most important yet least understood parts
 of this whole game is how do you actually create an offer.
 And it's one of the things that I think I have done so often over the last few years
 and I forget about what goes into it.
 And it's been interesting as we've launched two common club coaching.
 Stephen's been working with all these people going through it.
 And one of the biggest questions people have is like, and I don't think people say like
 I don't know how to create an offer but they're struggling.
 Like their offers are really bad.
 And so they're stuck at that point.
 So it's like how do we fix the offers and we've gone and gone back and forth brainstorming.
 How do you explain this?
 And so this video you're going to watch as part of the new ClickFunnels onboarding process.
 It's all about like how to create an offer the right way.
 And I hope it just gets the wheels your head spinning more so just so you understand what
 an offer actually is.
 Like if you understand, it's me I think I know what an offer is but like you're still
 not doing it.
 So it's like if you understand it, I think it'll help.
 So let's watch that video right now and hope you guys actually craft your offer the right
 way.
 All right, welcome back.
 So this is a concept that is one of the least understood yet one of the most important.
 And I'm hoping that I can do this justice to you understand.
 This is a concept that we call creating an offer.
 So what is an offer?
 So an offer is if you were asking somebody for their money or their email address or
 their phone number or their attention, you're trading it with them, right?
 It's all about trading something for attention, for money, for whatever.
 And it comes down to an offer.
 And why a lot of people struggle in this business is they don't understand the concept
 of making offers.
 Now what I learned when I got started over a decade ago is like you have to create a
 lot of offers to find out what people actually like.
 And so what is an offer?
 An offer is not a product.
 Okay, I see a lot of people who move from selling things on Amazon and they come over
 to ClickFunnels.
 And they're used to on Amazon you're selling a product, right?
 And the problem with selling a product is that typically if you're a product, you're
 a commodity.
 And when you're a commodity, what happens is that everybody like races down to the bottom.
 For example, when I had my supplement company, I was selling my supplements as an offer.
 And there are people selling the exact same supplement for me on Amazon.
 We were selling ours for $67 a bottle and they're selling ours for $19.95 a bottle.
 And I was making way more money than because I created an offer.
 So an offer is it's taking things and combining them together, right?
 If I'm just selling a supplement bottle, it's only worth whatever that thing is.
 And then people are going to price shop and figure out what's the cheapest and they're
 going to go for it.
 If I sell, if someone's selling a supplement bottle, I'm selling the same supplement.
 I'm going to say just supplement mine comes with a weight loss guide, food, you know,
 food, calorie tracker and whatever.
 Now these are things that I can bundle together into an offer.
 Now this will work way more than the other thing over here.
 Okay?
 If you look at companies like Groupon and Living Social, you know, I'm not a big fan
 of people running their businesses into those things, but if you look at them, they become
 really, really good at creating offers for local businesses, right?
 A lot of local businesses I saw prior to Groupon would run ads.
 They're just like, "Hey, we've been in business for 49 years.
 We're family loved and locally owned."
 And like that was what they were selling on their pages.
 That's not an offer.
 Like an offer is like, "Hey, if you come to us, we will give you this thing."
 Okay?
 Now most of Groupon and Living Social offers, they are big discounts, right?
 Like come in and normally it's this much money, you're going to get this much.
 And that is one way to do offers is by giving you a really good offer, a special offer,
 discount price.
 But a lot of you guys don't want to discount prices, which I understand as well.
 So an offer doesn't just have to be discounting prices.
 It could be bundling things together.
 Okay?
 If you can buy this from like a, like if you were a doctor or something like that, like
 an offer, a product is like, "Hey, we do adjustments," or, "Hey, we fix eyes."
 An offer is like a treatment plan.
 It's like, "Hey, when you come in, you're going to get this and you're going to get
 this and we're going to put together this cool thing."
 Okay?
 And so your ability to have success with funnels and with any kind of business is your ability
 to create really good, irresistible offers.
 Like what's an offer that people have to have?
 So bad, they're like, "I have to give this person my email address because I need that
 thing," right?
 What's the offer that you have?
 Okay?
 And so, we talked about before the value ladder, right?
 We're taking people through the steps of the value ladder.
 So I'm trying to get value to people.
 But with that, the way that I get that value is I create an offer for them.
 And sometimes the offers are free, sometimes they're paid.
 So for example, let's say somebody comes to, in fact, the offer actually starts to clear
 back on the ad, right?
 The ad is not going to say, "Hey, we've been family owner operated for 49 years.
 Click here to find out more."
 Like, that's the horrible offer.
 That's the worst offer ever.
 But if it's like, "Hey, are you struggling with whatever, like this kind of pain or whatever?"
 If so, find out how we can get rid of your pain in the next three weeks.
 Boom, that's an offer.
 So they're like, "What is that?"
 They click on the page, they come to the next step in the funnel, the very first page
 they land on, and they're making them this offer, right?
 Like, "Hey, so you want to figure out how you got to pain?
 I wrote a report.
 It's a six page report.
 It's going to walk through exactly the fastest ways you got to pain.
 If you give me your email address, I will trade you this thing.
 Okay?
 There's an, I just made them an offer.
 Okay, that was an offer.
 So then they'd trade it, and then maybe the next page, I'm like, "Cool.
 We just sent you the thing, but if you're still in pain, like we're a local client here.
 We've been doing this for 50 years.
 What we want to do," and then again, what most people would do is like, on this page,
 like, "Hey, we sent you the guide.
 We've been family owner operated for the last 29 years.
 Blah, blah, blah, blah.
 You should come into our clinic, right?"
 Problem with that is there's not an offer, you're just bragging about yourself and nobody
 cares about you.
 What do they care about?
 Them.
 We have a, we have a statement called, "WWIFM.
 What's in it for me?"
 Okay?
 So what's in it for them?
 So instead of saying, "We've been family owned and operated," the offer is like, "Hey,
 thanks so much.
 We just sent you the PDF in your email that's got the six ways you got to pain, but right
 now I'm sure you're hurting.
 I want to make you a very special offer.
 What we're going to do is you call the phone number right now.
 I want to get you out of pain immediately.
 So call this number or, you know, buy this thing or whatever.
 When you do that, we're going to give you this, this, and you create an offer for them.
 Come into our clinic and we're going to give you, you know, natural headache medicine.
 We're going to give you an adjustment.
 We're going to give you a free massage or whatever that thing is.
 You create an actual offer for them.
 Okay?
 And they buy that.
 The upsell then is again another offer, but every single one of these steps in your funnel
 from the ad to the landing page to the upsells, to the downsells, to the registration, like
 everything you're doing in any kind of funnel, it doesn't matter which one it is, it's all
 about creating really, really good offers.
 And that's how you provide value for people as you're moving them through the value ladder.
 Okay?
 And a lot of people, they think about offers from a standpoint of like, like this is the
 product I'm actually selling, but again, it's not just the selling of the product.
 It's like every single step, the offers on the ad, the offers on the landing page, and
 the offers are shifting as you're providing more value through the value ladder.
 Okay?
 Now one way to do this, there's a concept that we talked about a lot here in ClickFunnels,
 our internal community, we call this funnel hacking.
 And what funnel hacking is all about is like going out there and like seeing what other
 people are doing, getting ideas for other offers.
 And sometimes you're looking for offer ideas from people that are in your same industry.
 So say you're a dentist, let's say you're selling information, products, whatever, you
 can look like how are other people creating offers that are really irresistible, that are
 sexy offers.
 And we're looking at those type of things and you can funnel hack other people and say,
 okay, on the landing page, they offered me this and then the upsell they offered me this
 and just getting ideas of different ways to structure offers.
 Okay?
 Now if your funnel is not working, there's usually a few reasons why one might not work.
 One is, you know, the traffic might be bad, but if the traffic's good and they're coming
 to your funnel, you know, one of the biggest things to look at if it's not working is like,
 can nobody's opting in?
 It's because your offer sucks.
 Okay?
 We got to talk about this internally.
 Like, look, if your offer sucks, you need to crank it up, make it more sexy.
 Okay?
 So my offer right now is coming to my clinic and you get three visits for the price of
 one.
 If nobody's coming, I mean your offer's lame.
 Nobody wants it.
 Okay?
 So you got to change the offering.
 You got to make it better.
 You got to make it better.
 And a lot of times I'm going to make four, five or six different offers before I find the
 one that's like, oh, that's the one that people resonate with.
 That's the one they're excited for.
 Now they start coming in and you figure out the right offer, everything else to take care
 of itself.
 So that's what I want you guys kind of thinking through.
 Again, it's something that's kind of counterintuitive because most people in business,
 they're used to, you know, going to Amazon and seeing, here's the picture of the bottle
 and this is the five bullet points of why it's awesome and here's why, you know, how
 you can get super cheap and we got two-day delivery.
 Like, that's not an offer.
 People that compete like that, people like me come in and we destroy them because it's
 like, look, let's create a sexy offer that now makes it so this product is worth
 way more even though it can be a similar product because I have other things that I bundled
 together and made it an actual offer, it's worth more money.
 I can charge more money.
 If I can charge more money, what do we know?
 Whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins.
 Okay, these are my supplement companies blew up against these guys.
 I was competing against Amazon.
 They're spending, they're able to spend up to $20 to sell a product where my bottles
 were $67 and then we upsold them bigger bundles.
 We had other things and so I could spend two or $300 to get a customer when they could
 spend 19.
 Okay?
 So, I want you guys thinking through that, thinking through how do you create an offer,
 what could they offer be on each of the steps inside of your funnel.
 Okay?
 So, this is your homework is take the funnel you created from the funnel cookbook walk
 through and look at all the different pages.
 On the last video, you kind of look at the value out.
 You said, okay, what's the value I'm trying to give them here and here and here and here.
 Now, you're figuring out what's the offer that I'm going to give them at each step in
 this process.
 What is the thing that we're trading here?
 Where I'm giving them value, they're giving me something and I'm giving them an offer
 they're giving me something email or credit card or a registration or whatever it is for
 your funnel and then think about the next page.
 Okay?
 Now that they're on the webinar, like what's the value I'm going to provide and what's
 the offer?
 Okay?
 And then the next phase and so I hope you see how these things are kind of tying together.
 Right?
 You have the funnel structure, you have the value ladder, how are you receiving, how are
 you giving value to each level in the process and what's the offer that we're wrapping that
 around to actually give them the value and then that's the next step.
 And then the next video we're going to go through is actually going to talk about like
 what are the words, what's that we call this copy?
 What's the copy on each of the pages in this process to actually sell that and get them
 excited about giving you their money or their email address or whatever the thing might be.
 So that's the next step.
 So that's your assignment for right now.
 Go do that you guys and I will see you on the next training.
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets and you can get a free copy at expertsecrets.com
 and book number two is called .com seekers and you can get your free copy at .comsecrets.com
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest
 growing non-VC backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 (upbeat music)
