 What's up, everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome to Marketing Secrets Podcasts.
 Today, I'm covering day number two of the Funnel Hacking Lab and Bend.
 So, the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital
 for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services
 and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everyone. So, first off, I totally failed you all.
 I was planning on recording all these while I was at Disney with my kids and my family.
 While I was still top of mind, the problem was that Disney with my kids, my family was insane.
 So, we did Disney day one. We went to Magic Kingdom and then day two we did Animal Kingdom,
 which was both awesome. We also paid for one of those guides that go in the front of every line,
 which were really, really nice. Not going to lie.
 No one took a day off, but that day was super even more hard.
 We had sick kids and we had sun and fever and I got sunburned. It was awesome.
 Then the next two days went to the Harry Potter Land and did that and it was amazing.
 Then next day we flew out and then now we're here.
 So, a little behind, but I still want to go through the last three days of Funnel Hacking Lab
 because it was such an amazing experience.
 Last episode I talked about day number one, which was we kicked off for Lucky Lab.
 I talked about going from zero to a million, a million to ten to a hundred.
 Kaitlyn talked about building your culture. Natalie talked about vulnerability and then
 an item I conversation nomination presentation, which was showing you how to get your dream clients
 addictily binge watching you on every platform you live on and warning the aggressive approach
 is only for those who truly believe in their message. So, that was a fun one.
 We did the operation on the gun railroad. We raised over a million dollars.
 I think it told you that last episode. If not, spoiler alert, we raised over a million dollars for
 operation on the gun railroad. We showed the documentary and it was amazing.
 So, that was day number one and we're going to bed that night about midnight.
 I was just like, I've been crying all night. It was so emotional and intense and amazing.
 I was like, how is this going to make you go on for day number two?
 But the show must go on. So, day number two started.
 Devon did what he always does and brings energy into the room, which was awesome.
 And then we started with actually World Teach Rate. And usually World Teach Rate would do big fundraiser
 for them, but unfortunately we weren't able to this year because we were doing the project
 with Operation on the Gun railroad. But inside ClickFunnels, a lot of people know this, but every time you
 have a funnel that goes live, which means it's at least 100 visitors, we donate a dollar towards
 World Teach Rate. And we save that up for the entire year and we don't tell student Amy,
 we keep a top secret, and then at Funlank and I, we give them a big check for that.
 And so this year's check was like 133,000, is that the right number?
 Yeah. Over $133,000. So they came on stage, talked about World Teach Rate, they showed us a really cool video
 about it and they gave them this huge check, which was really, really cool.
 And it was fun to stew then, took the check, he had to fly home that night.
 So through the airports, through baggage claim and like videoed and taken the check home, which was really,
 really funny. So it was a big, old, huge check. So that was amazing.
 And then after that, then I did a presentation called Funl Audibles.
 I think of all my presentations of this event, that was the one that people, I think, resonated the most.
 I was really proud of it. It took us, took about six of us for three and a half, four days to like,
 gather all the data to be able to show that and then create the presentation and everything.
 And I think it gave people hope that like, oh my gosh, this is not that hard thing.
 I can actually do this. And so I'm sure Sundae will make a front end product or a video or a book or,
 I don't know, something because I think it was that powerful and that important.
 But it was really cool. I saw people like taking pictures of the thing, gasping and like,
 it was, it was really cool. I was proud of it. So the title was Funl Audibles, how to nail it so you can scale it.
 So I basically talked about how like most of my funnels when I first launched them don't have success.
 Like, they kind of flop and I showed a bunch of my, this is the numbers.
 And most people like, they, they create the first funnel and they launch it and doesn't make money.
 And they're like, oh, this funnel thing is a scam. Russell's a scam.
 And the reality is it's like, no, it's, it's all legit.
 You just have to understand, you have to make audibles.
 And what was cool is that my dad was actually in the room.
 First funnel I can like, he came to. So I actually didn't come up on stage.
 And I shared a story about when I started wrestling my, when I was wrestling my junior year at my plan was when to stay championship.
 My very first match I wrestled this kid named Nick Fresquiz.
 And he had taken second place the year before and he beat me pretty good.
 And remember, I was devastated. I wanted to power. I wanted to tell people wrestling was a scam.
 And then the whole thing was, you know what I mean?
 But my dad filmed the match. And my dad was smart enough that night he watched the match over and over and over again.
 And the next morning I woke up and he's like, okay, here's what we got to do.
 And I was like, no, dad, I'm sad. I'm depressed. I don't want to.
 He's like, no, we have to learn how to beat him. And so we started practicing it.
 And we started practicing the moves and how to counter the moves he did against me, all sorts of stuff.
 And we did that every single day for four months until the state tournament.
 And the state tournament actually ended up wrestling Nick Fresquiz in the finals.
 And what's crazy is actually ended up beating him with the same move he beat me with.
 And it was kind of crazy cool. So I told that story that my dad was really cool.
 And he sat back down and then I talked about funnels the same way.
 Most of our funnels don't work amazing the very first time out of the gate.
 So you put them out of the gate and then it's like you drive some traffic to it.
 You see where all the numbers lie and then you make the audibles, the tweaks and the changes.
 And I walked through what we did and why we didn't.
 And psychology of like what we're looking for on each page.
 And it was really cool. And I showed the difference between like trip wire funnels versus webinar funnels versus high ticket funnels
 like the tweaks and the changes we have based on those, which was really cool.
 And then I actually had James P. Frewill come on stage.
 He was talking, he had a funnel called Rose Club for Men that he launched and completely launched.
 It was like negative in the hole. And then he messaged me and I told him make a couple tweaks.
 He made the tweaks and then it blew up and then he kind of showed the stats and numbers.
 And it was really cool to see how it was like these little tiny tweaks and changes.
 So that was like, that was my favorite presentations. I really enjoyed that one. It was awesome.
 Then after that I had to take a break which is nice to sit in the back green room.
 And I had chance to watch a whole bunch of our inner circle members share their types of funnels.
 So first is Dean Hall and he talked about the ultimate funnel which are his free push shipping funnels.
 And Dean Amaya had a fun thing. He's been in a minor circle now for a couple years.
 And it's funny because like I'll do something and he'll be like, he'll box and he's like Russell.
 Wait, I just thought that you did. I'm like, yeah, he's like, well that's awesome.
 Then he'll do it and he tries to one up me. He's like, well I'm going to try this and he does something else and I'll see.
 And I'm like, dude Dean you did that. He's like, I know we go back and forth and keep one up each other.
 And so his business, his model is really simple. He's got free push shipping, upsells and an N.C. page webinar.
 And that's kind of similar to what we're doing nowadays and it's just really cool going back and forth.
 It's so simple, so easy. And so he showed his ultimate funnel and it was awesome.
 So the way he does his free push shipping funnel is amazing.
 Next was Nick Daugherty. I always say his name wrong.
 Nick Daugherty. Did I say it right?
 Nick Daugherty.
 Daugherty. Boom, I got it. Anyway, maybe not. Sorry Nick. I apologize.
 The GH silent. Anyway, it's confusing. So anyway, he used to work for a company called Truth About Cancer and they've done a whole bunch of huge documentary funnels.
 They did a $20 million one on Truth About Cancer. They did the Truth About Vaccines. They did the Truth About Pet Cancer or Pet Vaccines and a bunch of other ones.
 And so he came up talking about documentary funnels, which was really, really cool, especially since I'm building a documentary funnel right now for Operation Underground Railroad.
 So it's cool to see that. In fact, if you guys are funnel university members, I recently funnel hacked the Truth About Cancer funnels. It's one of the newsletters in there.
 So you can go and see kind of behind the scenes. But he talked about the strategy and how they did it and the psychology and how it worked and why it worked.
 And it was really cool to see behind the scenes that Nick did an amazing job there.
 After that, Jason Flatten got up and talked about three different webinar funnels that he uses.
 Evergreen ones, NDA ones, live ones. It was really cool to kind of hear different ways to do webinars that he's done, which brought to my attention.
 He talked about he does an NDA webinar. We have to like sign an NDA to even get on the webinar and it's a big deal and it causes this intrigue.
 And it reminded me back in the day with Riplin, we did this really cool thing where it was really cool.
 And in Riplin, just joined Riplin, he had to sign NDA to be able to get in. And it was a big NDA thing, which was really cool.
 And so, we got one and a half million members to join Riplin through this NDA process and kind of re-sparked my mind about that.
 So I'm excited. In fact, you may be seeing a secret NDA thing coming out in the near future maybe.
 So that's exciting.
 Let's see. So it's Jason. So we had lunch after lunch.
 Rachel Peterson came on stage and Rachel was amazing. She was like nine months pregnant.
 It's funny. I asked her to speak and then next in her circle, me, S.R. and now she's pregnant.
 I'm like, "Oh, it's exciting." And then I was like, "Wait a minute. What date? When's your due date?"
 She's like, "I'm speaking on your stage. I'm not even telling you my due date."
 So I didn't know when it was. I actually knew it was close. And so she was up there on stage and she killed it.
 I think she had doctors and stuff she brought in the audience just in case she had a baby while she was on stage.
 Right for I met her. Right for she went on stage and gave her a hug and she's like, "I hope my water breaks on stage."
 That's the coolest thing ever.
 So Rachel got on stage and talked about the hidden funnel, the relationship funnel, how you build these relationships with the audience.
 Her story is amazing. She, two or three years ago, she wrote a blog post about her tiny wedding ring.
 And how she was making money now and a bunch of people asked her, "When she got to create her ring?"
 She's like, "I'm not. This symbolizes my love and my husband and my family and all this stuff."
 It went crazy viral, had 70 million reads before she got picked up by Today's show and all these other things.
 And then her whole thing, she had this huge flood of insane traffic and was like, "What do you do with all this?"
 And it's like if you transition to a relationship funnel, bringing them into this relationship with you, that's the magic and that's the power.
 Her presentation was awesome. After that, my man who has the most nervous about speaking, the whole acting live is Dave Lindenbaum.
 Dave's amazing. He had this intro wrap that he spent like two or three months writing that intro the him getting on stage.
 He came out and his energy is so high and so he did an amazing job talking about redemption funnels.
 So what's the redemption funnel? I don't spoil the surprise, but the concept behind it is brilliant.
 For some of her talk, I was like, "Dude, your brain thinks in a way that's different from anyone else I've ever met."
 So redemption funnel was basically using sites like Groupon.
 And there's a lot of other ones, Groupon's a good example, right, where you sell something on Groupon or you find other people that are selling things on Groupon.
 And then you give them your product as a bonus. So he sells kumbacha kits, kabucha kits. I never said it right.
 Kombucha. Kombucha kits. So he'll sell kombucha kits through Groupon or he'll find other people selling similar things and he'll give them on their thank you page after they buy a Groupon offer.
 Like, "Hey, get a free kumbucha kit." And we should basically get free plus shipping offer.
 And so people who already bought something on Groupon then come to redeem their free offer, which is a free plus shipping funnel and brings people in the funnel.
 And it's insane because basically getting the top buyers to come and redeem your free plus shipping, but they're coming because that's what they bought.
 The free plus shipping is how they're redeeming it. Anyway, it was brilliant and insanely good and Dave is genius.
 But he makes me nervous with the microphone in his hand. But he did. Did he stick to his time?
 Dave, he, I think he was a little over, but he did good. We were very nervous about him sticking to his time, but he did awesome.
 After that, then Allison Prince got on stage. Allison didn't know what ClickFunnels or Fuddlehacking was a year ago.
 She came all in and she made the Tukama Club before we got there.
 She did it by a building on an amazing case study first and she did an amazing job telling her story.
 She is insanely cool and she's in the process now selling off all her e-commerce businesses because she's having so much fun teaching people how to do the e-commerce stuff.
 She's got three or four multi-million dollar e-commerce businesses. Anyway, but she's enjoying this part of the process even more, which I took a lot of time.
 The e-commerce is awesome, but the info side is so much more rewarding I think.
 She's doing a lot more coaching now, which is cool. She's killing it.
 She had a gold hit Tukama Club before she got on stage. Somehow, magically, she did it. She crushed it.
 Allison was amazing. That, that Myron Golden got on stage. If you haven't heard Myron speak, you just go.
 Search him on YouTube and listen to his Facebook. It's like I could listen to Myron speak for days and never get tired of him.
 He got up and talked about four levels of value, which were so cool. I'm so grateful he shared that.
 Then after Myron got off stage, then James Barber, who is the phantom of the opera on Broadway, came and sang, which was cool.
 But not only did he sing, which was amazing. During his singing, we had a couple who actually came up on stage.
 And James actually brought the, I'm going to say white, but it's not white.
 The girl up sat on stage and sang to her. What's that?
 Soon to be faunce. Soon to be faunce. Soon to be faunce.
 She came up stage and had her close, he had her like close your eyes. I'm going to sing to you.
 I want you to imagine this whole thing. So she had her eyes closed and while we're doing that, then her boyfriend came up on stage.
 So behind him and then when he got done, he turned it around and his, her boyfriend was there and he dropped to me and proposed, which was so cool.
 And she said, yes, luckily for all of us because we were a little nervous. But she said, yes, which was so cool. And that was awesome.
 So then after that, then Todd and Ryan and me got on stage and we did our multi-dimensional marketing presentation, which was all the new ActionX MD, which stands for ActionX Multidimensional, the new features and Actionetics.
 We showed it all. People went crazy and it was really, really cool. So we showed that off.
 And you guys will hear more about that here soon. I'm not going to go deep into that because I don't want to ruin surprise for those who you find out about it here in the future.
 But for everyone at the event, they got unlocked a whole bunch of cool features and things that are all planned with right now.
 And then after that, we had round tables. So we had, how many round tables do we have?
 48.
 48. 48, two common club members are sitting at a table, each, you have their own table and you come and ask them any questions you want.
 And I had people tell me that they would have paid $10,000 a loan just for the round table sessions because they're like, okay, I talked to this guy and this guy.
 And it was cool because the coaches that were doing it were like, well, I'm really good at this, but if you need traffic, you shock to this guy and they'd run that round table.
 And that was good, but you just talked to this guy for this part and they were running around and everyone got a ton of value.
 So that was awesome. And that was day number two.
 Isn't that crazy? We're two days in ourselves. We've done more in two days than most events to do in the entire event.
 And it was amazing. So that's kind of what day number two was.
 So day number one, the theme was impact in income. Day number two, the theme was one funnel away. So I talked about the funnel audibles.
 We've had people share a whole bunch of types of funnels from free bus shipping funnels, documentary funnels, webinar funnels, relationship funnels, redemption funnels.
 What's new before the funnel begins, the four levels of value, like the multi-dimensional follow up funnel.
 So it's all about like funnel strategy. It was all day number two. And it was amazing.
 So the next podcast I'll talk about day number three, which was called the two comma club, how to get into the two comma club.
 And so how to go from zero million dollars before this time next year. So I'll talk about that during tomorrow's podcast.
 Then she gets for listening. Appreciate you all. And talk to you guys soon. Bye.
 Want more marketing secrets? If so, then go get your copies of my two best selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets. And you can get a free copy at expertsecrets.com.
 And book number two is called .com Secrets. And you get your free copy at .comsecrets.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back SaaS startup company in the world.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
