 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you back from funnel hacking live back to the marketing secret show
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone we just got back from funnel hacking live
 Yesterday and then today I'm actually flying my family out to Porto Rico to hang out with a whole bunch of amazing marketers out there
 and I've got a little short window to sit into message you guys and
 Partly wants to sit down and do a huge recap of the entire event which was four days of insanity by far
 The best fun hacking I've ever had which is so crazy because every year we get done
 I was like and every year the questions like how in the world are we gonna make this better?
 Like there's no way even to top it and somehow some way
 Every year keeps getting better and better and better
 And so like anyway without me doing like a 14-hour episode kind of going into all the details and the stuff
 I was thinking more about like this is our sixth event and I want to talk about just kind of big things that I got from each event
 like the big takeaways and feelings I remember from each one and
 For those who are these events hopefully remind you that of those who aren't maybe it'll I don't know
 who knows what'll what'll come up for you and and
 Worst-case scenario. Hopefully we'll get you to go and book tickets for next year's fun hacking live right now tickets are on sale
 I think from their day and then we pull them off to discount
 So I don't know if you'll it's they'll be available or not
 But they are go to funnel hacking my dot com and get your tickets
 Connectors event in 2021 back in Nashville again
 It's gonna be amazing. So with that said
 So again, this is our sixth fun hacking lives the very first one
 Remember was a couple months after we launched click funnels and people in our community started gathering together and doing these little meetups
 And they call them they call them hackathons
 Because me and Todd you so I was talking about like we launched click funnels been going to these hackathons
 We'd go into a room for a week or two weeks drink a bunch of red bowls and and code all night
 Okay, I'm not gonna lie. I don't know how to code and I didn't drink red bowls
 But they would and I would sit there and I would try to do marketing
 I'd be doing dream 100 right and copying right emails and sales pages and like all the things to get ready for this this launch
 And so we started seeing people doing that and they're getting together and people like let's do a hackathon who wants to meet up in San Diego
 Who wants to meet up in in Austin? We started seeing this happening
 like we should do an event and I was actually really scared to an event because
 The last two events I'd done in a prior business one of them
 I had 300 people who signed up and then only 100 showed up, which is bad next when we had 1,200 people signed up and only
 200 showed up which was like
 Humiliating to me the second one wasn't my own personal that but I was part of the the community was doing it
 I remember getting there and we're about to open the doors and we looked out in the hallway
 We're like there's no way there's 1200 people here and so we came back in and we we pulled out a thousand
 almost that they put eight 900 chairs out of the the room and
 I was the worst most painful awkward embarrassing feeling for me ever people like came in and there's like, you know
 Two-thirds of the room was just empty no chairs and the first third only had chairs and oh
 I was like I'll never do events again
 And so you know fast forward now three or four years later. We're sitting at the thing and it's like we should do an event
 I'm like I don't want to do an event like if we don't someone else doesn't start doing one in our community like that
 It's happening regardless like we have to do this thing and so we finally agree to do it
 We sold tickets. We sold 600 tickets to it was in Las Vegas and I remember being so scared that nobody was gonna show up and
 We also were given away my Ferrari at this thing and we were launching a dream car contest
 So in the in the room we had a Ferrari and we had a Corvette which I ended up keeping that Corvette for a couple years afterwards
 because that's pretty awesome
 we had this event I remember being so scared and then and and and
 I remember we started in noon day one and start noon
 I remember sitting at like 11 o'clock 11 30 sitting behind stage like scared to death
 No one's gonna show up remember peeking behind the curtain looking out and
 Being blown away that we packed the room. It was it was packed and
 I didn't know what to I know what to do or to you know like just those things were just like freaking out about everything and
 Anyway the event was amazing we started on again starting noon and then we did the the whole
 That whole day the second day we did the whole day and third day went to about noon the day three and then we're done
 So like literally it was like a two-day event
 I'm excited most to talk about and like I you know
 I was not an event person and I do remember that at the event is where we first time we decided to launch a click funnel certification program and
 We were gonna have like 50 people sign up for it and it was one of the biggest table rushes
 I've ever seen we ended up getting excuse me over a hundred people to sign up for it and we launched our certification program and remember that event it just
 Like when it was done just being like so grateful and we weren't sure if we're gonna do it again
 And finally said that let's do it again. So I was fun like my part one
 So for like my part two we decided to go to San Diego and we thought we'd make it a little bigger
 So went from 600 seats to 1200 which I was super scared about and so we didn't San Diego and
 that event is
 See how do we do? Yeah that event is where we launched. I know we we we re-opened up the certification program
 I think for year one was like thirty five hundred dollars. I think you're two we raised it for eight thousand dollars
 this is the first event we ever had a keynote speaker so they had Marcus and the Mona's come which was so cool and
 It was crazy. We did the whole event
 We sold the certification program again. This time we did it differently Darren Stevens who's a close friend of mine
 He kind of showed me the way that they they sold things at events and so we did it
 We kind of modeled his model which basically we I talked about it had every leave the room
 And then if they wanted to sign up they'd come back in with the $500 deposit and they'd come back in and then at that
 and then basically what we do is we'd sit down and and
 Explain to them, you know
 It was and they had chance them to pay the ten thousand dollars at that point
 I remember like everyone leaving the room being so scared like where if nobody comes back in I was like hyperventilating freaking out
 And then and then we opened the door for those who wanted to sign back up and we had like hundred and twenty hundred thirty people come back in and
 We did over a million dollars in sales that event. I was just like oh my gosh. This is crazy
 And so I was year two same thing that year. I remember being scared that the one's gonna show up
 That event was amazing and the big game ever getting that event is I didn't just have marketing teachers like we did year number one
 I brought in some personal development coaches. We had
 Sean Stevenson came and spoke like in Marcus and Mona's who I thought was gonna be a business speaker. He was more personal development. He was amazing I
 Had
 I was a comedian. He's like a personal development comedian. He was like awesome
 and
 Yeah, that was that that was that that year. It was cool
 So then fast forward to fun like my 3.0 went to Dallas and this time
 I think we had 1300 seats we got a little bit bigger and we ended up selling out really fast
 Which was kind of a I was like oh my gosh. I guess this could be bigger than we thought
 This was the first year that I ever invited Tony Robbins to speak. I was so excited and so nervous
 We also shut down our certification program at that time
 So we decided not to keep an certification for reasons that are could be a podcast for another day
 And so I was like I need something different to sell the event. You know each event we sell something
 and so we're kind of thinking through that and and
 We did a couple things from one. That's where we launched action XMD the very first time and
 I remember that presentation killed it was one of my best presentations ever
 It's one on stage with the we are not confusion soft t-shirts. I ripped my shirt off and
 Biggest table rush ever and tons of people sign up for that which was awesome
 But then later in the event we tried to sell
 The the fat events people come to Boise for $10,000 and I totally screwed up that whole presentation
 And then we got like five people to sign up and I was just like devastated because a year before they don't have a million dollars
 They should we did like 50 grand or something itself
 oh
 And I remember like just
 Give me bummed out cuz that event we oh and I remember I tried like or shit the event like I had a whole new idea
 I thought it was gonna be the greatest thing ever say orchestrated the event to set up the sale in a certain way and it completely
 It completely bombed and we lost money of that event
 I was like we should never do this again, especially if we spent so much money on Tony Robbins and like all these things
 They're just like I remember like that event and even like get leading up to the event
 There's just like a couple things I did a presentation right before Tony and I didn't go very well and just I remember like just
 Just like after like before Tony got there
 I was like I never want to do this again like I'm done. I'll never do fun. I can have again and Tony came out and
 He just killed it like it was amazing. I remember afterwards I came on stage and the entire audience stood up and started chanting my name
 And I was like I didn't do any I got brought Tony, but I didn't do anything
 But because I brought Tony to them like people were chanting I was like oh my gosh. This is
 This is amazing and so after that event I remember going back and
 First I didn't want to do it again, but we decided let's do one more. Let's do it again
 So we did this time we decided to go to Orlando and have 3,500 people so got bigger. We invited Tony back again
 He said yes, which was really really cool
 and
 This time we hired sage productions, which they maybe knows Barry and Blue at Sage
 They are amazing team that helps you run events, but also helps you choreograph the
 like how you sell the events as well, and so we changed how we did everything and
 Of all the events I think we've ever done this was my this was one was the most fulfilling for me
 For a lot of reasons number one. It's the first time we ever had the operation underground railroad. We showed the operation to Saint
 video that presentation
 Tim Ballard was there we buy everything on and like it was
 insanely emotional and
 I remember it was the end of night one day one was amazing anyway, and then end the end of night one we showed the documentary and
 then me and
 Tim Ballard and God stays or balling her eyes out. It was just some motion. I was emotional wreck
 It was bad and that was day one that day two went off day three went off
 and then we launched the two comical effects coaching program and we were hoping to sell like I think
 250 people was the goal and
 Night one we signed up I think like 400 people and there's just blown away
 And then the next day we did a re-pitch was I'd never done before and I had my ring golden come up and did this
 Repitch we just kind of made up on the spot and he closed another
 300 some people say like 800 and something people who signed up for the coaching program that year and remember coming off stage and
 Melanie my sister was back there and I walked up to her and she's bawling her eyes on me. What's the matter?
 She's like everything was just perfect. She was like
 We raised we ended up raising over a million dollars for OUR
 The coaching program ended up doing over ten million dollars in sale and was just like and what crazy is that like three weeks earlier
 Was the 10 X that meant where I did three point five million dollars in sales?
 It was like this month was like insane and a three point five million dollars in 90 minutes and then fast forward
 Less than a month later, and we do 12 I think they'll be in 12 million dollars
 I think it'd have been 12 $12 million in sales, you know through weeks later at our event
 I was like this is insane and the raising million dollars for charity and then Tony came spoke again and just it was awesome and
 I was just like that was definitely for me. That was probably my favorite for my team. I personally just because of
 Yeah, it was just it was I don't know it was like success from a from a from a getting people sign up for coaching
 Success from a charity it was 3,500 people like it was just there it was it was magical that was
 That was my event. It was like the magical one
 Then fast forward to last year we said we're funnel hacking live Nashville and this time we grew
 I think we ended up having about 4300 people if I remember right they came to this one was a Nashville our
 Backdrop that was sick. We didn't have 20 Robbins this year
 and
 We decided to do a concert instead so we had
 Lindsay Sterling at the end and this event was was amazing. I could just it like all the things were were awesome
 and
 We launched, you know, we sold the coaching program again
 We just sold quite as many but it's pretty close thinking of like 750 people during the coaching program
 During that one which was which was again in glutton year earlier. It was like 850 if I remember right
 This is like 750 so it wasn't quite as big but it was it was still like amazing
 At the end Lindsay Sterling did a concert and I thought it was gonna be cool and it was so much cooler than I thought like oh
 it was it was ridiculous and
 The one thing I do remember is at the end of it. There was some negative publicity after that event
 Garrett why did a really good presentation, but he kind of he he
 Anyways those who were there remember the the buzz online
 There's some negativity around it and we got some flack and it was a lot of like damage control and just just just it was tough
 Cuz like this whole that happened and it was emotional it was hard to raise another million dollars for you are
 Which was insane and then leaving and like that night when I'm supposed to be like relaxing
 I was on social like defending stuff and trying to like oh
 And I remember the next day like just I don't know it just that if it was was good
 It just ended in a way where I was just like oh like just didn't
 Feel like I had a chance to rest, you know, I mean I was like oh and then got back into the real world and just
 Yeah, so that event was amazing from a coaching and from a from a raising money thing, but it definitely was um
 Just didn't leave me fulfilled at the end like like Orlando like when I ended
 I remember we took our kids to Disney World for next week
 I remember just like being on cloud nine where's the last year like left?
 I was just kind of like had this uneasy feeling and
 So that's not last year when so this year coming into us like I want to make sure things perfect like I'm so scared
 I'm so nervous. We also this year those here in here
 We we we sunset at the two common club ex coaching program and we shifted things
 We are now moving the entire ClickFunnels company 100% into a software subscription business
 And so anything that's not sold in subscriptions basically being shut down or faded away
 It's a coaching program wasn't part of subscription
 And so what we basically did we added a new tier of ClickFunnels called the ClickFunnels Collective
 Which starts at 14 97 a month and it gives you live phone support gives you nine user accounts
 Much other really cool things and then when people sign up for that they actually get the coaching program for free and so
 Which ends up being a thousand dollar month discount from what we sold coaching at last year plus they get live phone support plus they get user
 Councils it's literally like the best offer ever but the hard thing is the way we had to sell it goes against everything that I
 Personally believe if you've gone through the TEDx secrets trading course
 You know I talk about like never use phones to make orders events
 It's the stupidest thing you ever get paper order for people to run the back that are like the social proof like all these things
 But we had these these crazy limitations where we couldn't do that because
 Because now it's software subscription people have to upgrade their soft their their ClickFunnels accounts only way to get it
 And so they shift things around and it ended up doing really good. It didn't do as good as the two years prior
 But we also there's gonna be a whole bunch of things against us because we're explaining a whole new thing that people understand
 It's confusing
 They're not filling out order forms
 They're actually have to log on their phone and we have to have to get internet to work for everybody and is like 18 t and sprint
 Or 18 t of a rise and work in the room with other carriers didn't so then we had to go and
 We had to go and hire or like pay like 50 grand for internet access people who couldn't get on the internet it was just
 kind of a
 stressful crazy
 Thing but also I know I think we end up getting close to 500 people who who upgraded to the new ClickFunnels collective
 Which was which was awesome?
 And then the event now talk about the event the event
 Was amazing
 All the speakers were were so good. I know I had 11 presentations this year, which is the most I've ever done
 I just get addicted to
 Being on stage and talking everybody I'm like this is my event. I want to be on stage as much as I can and it was crazy because
 Bart Miller helps me do my do my clothing
 He had I got 10 different costumes this year 10 different outfits. So every time I spoke
 I had a change get new clothes on and it was kind of ridiculous, but
 But it was really really cool. So the first couple days
 I was stressed out cuz I was on stage so much I didn't get here all the presentations
 But the ones I heard were like yeah, they were so good just like up another
 caliber another level which was just amazing. So we had all of those and then the last day I
 Had a chance to sit in the audience and I remember so I mean day four for me was
 Was amazing because the first it was the only day I had chance to really listen to every word of everyone and
 That day I was so proud of Heather Quisel
 Spoke and I knew she was gonna be good. I knew she was gonna be really really good, but she was
 Beyond that it was it was great like it was insane
 That was awesome and then Garrett white came spoke and they obviously I had some fear from last year him speaking
 And it's kind of how the event left and we talked a lot about that leading up to the event and he came and he's the only speaker
 It's spoken at all six events besides me and it was by far his best one ever
 God so good. I just they I can't even I can't tell you how good it was
 And I know some people left the room because he uses the F word and I hate that because man what he left was
 the best
 But I was I'm next stuttering so I knew how to explain how good it was it was amazing and then after that
 And then we had Tony and this year
 I don't know if you saw the heard the podcast episode Tony intervention with me or watched YouTube video
 But I asked him in his team
 I said hey if Tony B willing to do interventions this year like not just teach by going the audience actually work with people directly
 that'd be really really cool and
 It's crazy before the event I went back there and he couldn't even walk
 he'd done a whole bunch of these different stem cell shots in his legs to try to recover the night before something and
 Literally this team is like carrying him to the side. He was trying to warm his legs up
 He'd been trying to fight five hours warm his legs up. He couldn't even walk it was crazy
 I'm like oh my gosh. How's he gonna do this next like three or four hours?
 He's back there trying to warm up and he can't give me hug before I go introduce him and he's like literally
 He's not even standing that he's in so much pain. It's like well if they're to introduce him
 I'm like what do I do this is crazy? Like I don't even know what to do. You know so I introduce somebody comes out and
 And within a minute or two his adrenaline kicked on and you can even tell he was out there jumping doing crazy
 It was amazing and then he went out the audience he interventions a whole bunch of people that were so powerful
 And he had going for I think over four four and a half hours. It was like we're gonna get into laughter seven
 And it was the best I've ever seen Tony and I've seen Tony a lot live and it was the best I've ever seen him ever a guy
 Oh, I just I loved it was amazing
 And all the other speakers like I wish I could go deep on all I'm like everybody did so good this year
 The last day was special for me because I think it was the one that I was least dressed side of chance to
 Running around you know right at the event. I was actually participating
 But man this year's speakers were just off the charts everybody it was I could not have hoped or prayed for more
 And those who were there, I know you guys just just ate it up
 We ended up raising money for charity not as much as the years passed we ended up raising
 Let's see quarter million quarter of OUR and then we had fifty two thousand dollars for the quilt
 So probably it's probably 350 thousand for OUR and then
 Phillips impact we gave a check for two hundred and some thousand
 Because every time you guys build a funnel inside a quik funnels we donate a dollar to village impact and so
 We did two hundred thousand dollars check for that and we raised another hundred and twenty thousand dollars
 For people in the room to build well
 So it was enough to build two wells in in Africa in Kenya for kids to get water which is which is awesome too. So that was
 That was the event what else happened? There's so many cool things, but but it for me like it just
 It ended really well, and I felt satisfied afterwards and it was just like I was happy
 And I'm excited about the future where things are going in our shifts and our changes
 Oh, we also watched the documentary they were called the two comic Club, which was really cool. We
 There's so many
 If you weren't there, I'm so sorry you guys need to come to these events seriously like if you knew what was going on
 Like how it would touch and effect and change the your destiny if not point forth rest your life
 There's no way you'd miss it. Oh, and by the way, Tony Robbins did this tire presentation. I'm swearing. Yes, it was so cool
 Thank you Tony for that a couple other speakers dropped the F bomb
 So I guess they made up for Tony, but for most part we're trying to use clean as possible, so
 Anyway, so that was what's happened the last couple years of my life and next year we're coming back to Nashville
 It's last year we had about forty five hundred people and I think next year we have the capacity to get to five thousand
 And just you know from how far how events work
 If you wanted to invent a hotel, which is a better way to do events because it's warmer
 It's like I don't know you're in a hotel and y'all it's just awesome
 About five thousands about as many people as you can get into a venue in a hotel if you'll be on that then you start looking at
 At convention centers, which are I do not like convention centers. They're colder. They're like
 You're going to big huge thing and then there's hotels around it. You have to walk to and you lose the feeling of it
 And so I don't know if we'll ever get so like you know despite the fact that demand is growing over a hundred and well over a hundred thousand customers now
 I don't think we're gonna grow the venue because I like doing hotels. I don't want to lose that feeling
 We'll probably just keep raising the prices or I don't know supply and demand whenever it takes
 but
 Anyway, that's my goal. He says it right now is to keep it in hotels
 So well five thousand people next year. I hope almost five thousand people are you if you know how much stress and energy and money
 We put into this and you would do everything in your power to make sure you're at the event
 Next year's event is gonna be different though
 I'm not sure if I'm gonna sell anything next year's event
 We've talked a lot about potentially not doing it at all and just
 100% focusing on on the teaching and the training and all that kind of stuff. So I know I'm not saying we will
 We won't I do know the next year's gonna be way different. Oh one cool thing
 We did this year that was brand-new as we did a session called funnel flicks
 Which we we brought a big couch on stage and me and the varmint odd like hung out on scow watch
 Funnel flicks on the big screen and what people didn't know is like we're like
 It's cool like we're scrolling through funnel flicks like oh new course. What's this we click on it?
 It's like Frank her and you know also the video starts playing it's Frank and all of a sudden like boom
 The walls open and Frank her and walks out. No new Frank was coming was a huge surprise when nuts
 We have like seven-day speakers like that
 Who all came up and and we're all surprised guess you came out of the funnel flicks presentation
 It was awesome. Oh
 We had so much fun. So anyway, so there's kind of a history cap last five or six years from my point of view like what happened?
 How sales went what was good? What was bad?
 You know and I think all every event's been special and unique for different reasons my personal favorite still
 It's just the Orlando bench because of oh you are the first time we sold coaching that level and the feeling afterwards
 I would say this year's event was probably my my personal second favorite one
 Um
 Just it was just it was it was good it ended so well and I was happy and everyone's happy
 We served at such a high level speakers were
 We're better than I ever dreamt you know could dream foreign
 It was just really special awesome. So anyway, I'm excited
 The goal every year is how to make this better than last year and I'm not sure yet how to do that for next year
 But I've got a little over a year to figure it out
 So I'm here to support you guys and make sure that you guys have an amazing time
 If you don't have your ticket check for next year go and get them funnel hacking live calm
 I promise you we'll make the show worthwhile and
 But that said make sure you guys have an amazing day and we'll talk to y'all soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunce community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job
 Some you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy
 Hope you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel away calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 [MUSIC]
