 Hey, what's up? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast. I hope that you enjoyed the last episode.
 The last episode was basically the funnel builder webinar where I told you guys and taught about the new opportunity and how it works and all the sorts of things.
 And I know a lot of you guys have a message to you as freaking out excited because you're like, "I want to be a funnel builder. How do I start it?"
 So I do think right now the site is down, but we do have a behind the scenes backdoor link.
 If you go to funnel builder.com/go, you could go and actually join the certification program, which I think you all should do.
 I think either you should be certified or you should have some of your team certified or both. That's how powerful the process is.
 But anyway, I digress. I wanted to do that podcast episode for a few reasons. Number one, I talked about it in earlier podcasts, and so I wanted you guys to be able to hear it.
 Number two, it's the perfect webinar. So those who have been studying that process, you had a chance to hear me do it.
 And I've added a lot of things in two weeks and changes and hopefully you were able to view it from the outside and through that lens of just like, "Oh, look how he did this and how he phrased this and how he broke down the secrets and the stack and the clothes and all that kind of stuff."
 So hopefully that was beneficial for you guys to watch and to see. And honestly, I just wanted to be able to open your eyes to this opportunity.
 Like, if in my life everything went downhill, I would become a full-time funnel builder. Like, that's it. In fact, I joke with my friends or I'm stressed out. I call them up the big companies.
 I'm like, "Hey, do you want to hire me on to be your funnel builder?" And it's so much fun. So anyway, hopefully you enjoyed the presentation.
 Now, at the end of the presentation, I actually brought on a whole bunch of funnel builders, people who do this for a living.
 I think there's 10 or 12 of them and having each other's story. And so I wanted this episode to be that. So you guys could hear the story for a couple reasons.
 Number one, the stories are awesome. Number two, to give more belief to you in this career and this path.
 And I think for a lot of you guys, this is something that you're in here listening to my podcast, your studying marketing.
 You learn these things. You're obviously excited by it. Like, imagine being able to jump in and make this a career for you.
 Even if you're out, you know, a lot of people want to build funnels themselves, but like, this is literally, we call it the back door because it's like,
 "Hey, while you're trying to figure out how to build funnels for your own products or services,
 like do this and make money while you learn while you learn, right?" So that's kind of the goal.
 So you're going to have a chance to hear some really cool interviews. One of them is with Stephanie Blank.
 She's going to tell you her story, which I think, you know, she was in a spot similar to a lot of you guys,
 where you love the stuff, you weren't making any money. And she decided to spend money she didn't have.
 She jumped the certification program and it changed her life.
 How are you all coming here from the whole bunch? One of them is cool, Austin Ford. He's in there and he shares a nugget.
 It's like one of the keys. In fact, I took that video clip and I put it inside the certification members area for people to watch again.
 We talked about the two things. He went from like struggling and flailing around, like figuring out how to be successful as a funnel builder.
 And it was two things he learned. Like, it was like number one, number two. And I'm not going to ruin the surprise for you,
 but that's I think the fifth or sixth interview in the series. So just listen to these, enjoy them, look for the gold nuggets that are lying.
 There's a bunch of them as you go through them. And again, if you want to join us, become certified funnel builder.
 The back door is funnelbuilder.com/go. Thanks so much. And I hope you enjoy these interviews.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 The first person coming in here, someone I've told their show like five times today. And I'm assuming I can introduce, am I good to introduce?
 Oh yeah. Oh there she is. Alright, so the first person I'm going to officially tell you, I've shared her story a couple times and Stephanie's one of my favorite people, like, I've met ever.
 She's one of the coolest people ever. And as I was planning a whole certification program going back before, I messaged her a couple questions.
 And then she's like, did you know that I got started going through your certification program, the very first one, Clickflow's first launch?
 And I was like, no, they started telling me the first one, the second. And she told me like, four or five stories. And I was like, this is insane.
 Like, you come like, tell everyone to understand this is real, it's not something make up or believe, but this is like a real thing. So, Stephanie, first off, thank you for coming on. How are you doing today?
 I'm doing awesome. I'm super excited to be here. I can hear you.
 I can hear you on my phone.
 Make some audios working.
 Oh, can you hear me? Oh, I hear you now. Yes.
 Okay. Awesome. I'm doing so good. I'm so excited to be able to come here and tell my story because it's been absolutely incredible.
 I'm so glad that you've taken the time and jumping on here. So I would love to kind of tell, I want to hear a couple of your stories. They're so good. But there was a time, I don't know, six or seven years ago where you were on a webinar like this.
 When we have the very first, we had a certification program back in the day, you guys, it hasn't been around for five years. And you sat here and you listened to this and you had to make the same decision. A lot of people make it now.
 We know I could think what was going on in your mind. I love to hear that. And then like, what made you decide to like pull the trigger and jump all in.
 Absolutely. So I was so new to this whole world of digital marketing and like brands making new. I didn't know anything. I just happened to into this world by a friend who needed some help and I am kind of a techie with computers like physical computers like I know how to, you know, build a computer or install RAM, you know, those kind of things.
 And then I found this incredible world and it came, it happened because of the dot com secrets book, I have funnel, I believe. And on the back end, yes, I remember seeing this video and Russell, you were talking and you're interviewing people about, you know, what had happened in their lives since they had started building funnels
 and I was like, Oh my gosh, like I still remember staring at the screen and kind of feeling almost like the, like the heat rush on your face whenever you know that you've happened upon something that could potentially change your life.
 And then there was this application process. And I had no idea about about any of this stuff before but there was an application process so I got in.
 I gave my heart and soul and this application process and I got in, you know, and so I get on the phone with someone that click funnels and they're starting to tell me, you know, I think this would be really amazing for you.
 What would you do if this was a real thing if you could build funnels for people that would change your life and I started thinking about what would happen.
 And it would, I knew it would completely change our lives because at that time I was a homeschooling mom of four, well, no technically three at that time. And my husband was working two jobs.
 There was no way for him to go and work another job. There was literally no more time for him to work anymore. And what are my kids had some learning differences and so it really wasn't an option for me to send my kids away and like go to corporate and make more money.
 I knew it like I can't explain I knew that I knew that I knew that I needed to be in this program but the reality was is we did not have any money. I didn't even have a thousand dollars to my name you guys like.
 And then after I get on this call and they're like you're proved you can get in the program and I was like wow that's amazing.
 I'm going to have to talk to my husband. And so we get off the call I talked to my husband I'm like what could we do babe like I don't know is there anything we could do me both decided mutually that at that time in our lives just wasn't right timing to get a credit card or do anything like that.
 And I just felt the sinking feeling going to bed at night I was like I'm missing out on a huge opportunity and I believe in myself.
 And if I could just get into this program and get these skills I know that I could change our stars right I know that I could make a difference in our lives and so anyway I woke up the next morning and still just kind of like oh flip flapping in my mind and my heart
 And then I had this idea was epiphany and I decided I knew I needed $10,000 I was like maybe I myself could figure out like I could sell some stuff online and I could get $1,000.
 And then I had just come in contact I'd done some work for some people that I knew you know $3,000 would be nothing for them. And so the crazy I could still think back about it now and I'm like oh my gosh I can't believe I did this.
 I just email to three people that I knew and I said look there's this opportunity and I am not able to help myself give this opportunity and guys I've heard things in the chat already I saw expensive for an average person.
 It's way too expensive for someone just starting out. Looks like I'm going to have to sell my soul. Oh my gosh like I can't tell you how much I understand where you're coming from and what you're saying because I didn't have the money guys.
 We were really really really really struggling. And so I reached out to these people and I wrote them an email three people and I said, oh, if you would you be willing to invest $3,000 into me and then I will do six months of work for you after I complete this program with what
 you're going to learn and I will help you build your business and I wrote that email to three people and before I knew it this is the craziest thing you guys, one of them wrote back and said that he wanted to give the full $10,000.
 And I was like, oh my gosh like I remember I was like shaking I couldn't believe it.
 This is going to happen this is really going to happen I'm going to do this this is going to happen. And so I met up I got, he wrote me a check for $10,000. And I can't remember how how crazy that felt to me I had never spent more than maybe maybe $37 or $47 online on any kind of learning of anything.
 It was beyond me to think about spending even $1,000 on something online. And then here I am with this $10,000 check I'm going to go plop it down and give it to Russell Brunson.
 So I can build funnels like craziest thing and it was one of the best decisions I've ever made it changed our lives. So cool. Now I told a couple of your stories by sure and tell them as I as well as you can.
 I love to tell the chiropractor so I kind of mentioned it throughout the thing but because I was one of the first ones you did right and next thing the next thing but I love you to kind of tell stories people understand because I know a lot of my I don't want to even dare to sell a funnel.
 But instead that you went and got results first and then like people started coming to you which is the power of having success with the funnel.
 Yeah, no it was and it was so much fun because if you are at all techy and I do believe that you don't actually have to be decky I've actually taught my 12 year old my 14 year old how to build funnels and they're pretty darn good funnel builders.
 But the beautiful part was I started out and I did the free funnel and then I start and then I start getting paid to build these funnels and run traffic to them.
 And before I knew it, I was meeting, you know, getting into these groups and stuff and meeting all these businesses and they're like, man, I need a funnel I need this I need that and it was crazy because I could help them.
 I knew how to help them. And then furthermore, as I kind of progressed in different areas of what I was learning, I was able to build funnels for my own business.
 And that I think that's when it really clicked for me that I had gotten a skill that was going to take away a fear that I had had a survival you know of how are we going to make it what is our you know what what is left and I look like you know like this very real
 important thing is that you've experienced real poverty or you've been really bad off. And it was so crazy because I remember whenever I realized I can build funnels for other people as services and I can build them for myself for my own business and for courses and things like that that
 And I was like my life is I will never have to worry again about how I'm going to be able to make money because I gained a real skill that is viable and it's not going anywhere. It's not going anywhere.
 And it's just been incredible.
 I love you, because now you have your agency and I don't have my clients, you have a bunch of clients over here and you got people now you've trained to do the work as well. But then over here you've launched your own courses you have like just people understand like
 I see all this if you're doing it's like so amazing. I know how many clients you got like you introduced me when you're clients who had a wall maybe one to last or like that had these walls to help blow up their business and then but then you're also building courses over here like
 It's just so much fun like how many cool things you're able to do at the same time because you have the skill set.
 Yes, and that's one really cool thing about what I love because yes we're talking about funnel building right now but Russell over delivers on everything.
 And so I got into the ClickFunnel Certified Partner Program and I went through all that training and guys it was so next level.
 And I can only imagine now this is like all these years later how much more next level this is going to be.
 So I didn't just learn funnel building. I learned copywriting. I understood direct response and I got to learn from the grades and it was absolutely game changing.
 So as I have grown I've been able to work with other businesses in order to grow their business and one specifically actually there's two wonderful stories but one is a Joshua Stevens of Kings loot.
 You know it came to me and he had this wallet idea and it was a beautiful wallet like I knew I thought it was like dang this is this is awesome and he had this wallet and he was like I sell these at trade shows but COVID has shut us down.
 And I worked with him and basically he put the last that he had on his credit card with me for my coaching services and we started working together and he started to do I mean he's incredible.
 He got in there and started going and blowing and we worked on the kind of funnel that he needed to have what it needed to look like what the price points need to be we worked on the copy we worked on all the different things together.
 And let me tell you, he made a million, well I would hella income claims he sold so many wallets it could just be absolutely.
 He got a two comical award let's just say that.
 He got a two comical award and he made he became a rain maker and he's still going and going to this day he get multiple multiple multiple words now and it was just from an idea he believed he had a wallet that he wanted to be able to sell and the difference was a funnel.
 He tried Shopify he tried these other routes, got a funnel got the right offer in place, got the right funnel in place and ban to come up club awards coming up ears.
 You are a rain maker fun and bullets so cool so for anyone who's listening this and like again we're all three in chat right now if you're like so nervous and so scared like what would you tell somebody's like how do I do this right now this is a big deal especially like, you know, the
 bad and all these things happen like all the fear like what would you tell someone who like is the same spot you were at you know six seven years ago when you had to make that same decision.
 Yeah I think when you know you know, and I knew that I knew that I knew that I could do this and there was a lot of belief that had to take place and to know and to trust and believe myself and know that I would do the hard work because one thing Russell said he's not
 guaranteeing any success here. It's hard work you guys I was I was homeschooling and I was doing all this stuff and let me tell you there were late nights.
 There were confusing things there were things that I failed at where I really sucked it first but I got better and I got better and I got better and if you know that that's who you are and if you know that you're going to show up and you're going to make it happen
 and you're not going to let anything stop you then you know all that fear it's probably just because you're on the other side of a really life changing decision.
 You know everybody has their own things you have to consider whenever you've got a big decision like this but I just want to say, Natalie there was a lady named Natalie in the comments and she said round brainstorming ideas on how to make this happen.
 It is possible. That's the kind of mindset that you need to have and then Dominic he said 10k for a career that could easily make you $100,000 a year as a no brainer and that's just quoting Dominic but and then Corey said this is this is the time to say how can I afford this.
 And I feel like it's that growth mindset it's that when like I said when you know that you know and you are going to have the belief to step in and do it and you have to just do it afraid right and so I think I think that would be the biggest thing because I tell you what once I bought
 the program I didn't stop being afraid. I had to keep showing up every day and go after it even though I was afraid that I was going to fail. And I mean I'm any gram three I don't know if you have any gram threes in here but you know failure is not fun for me at all like it makes you want to run away and scream.
 But what have you put this kind of money on the line and you're ready to change your life and you have the will and you know you just have to do it afraid.
 Thank you so much for being here and taking time at your busy day to share this I'm grateful for you coming on and proud of you everything you're doing is like so much fun to watch you from the sidelines and cheer you on now it's just so cool.
 So everyone in the comments down below if you tell Stephanie thank you so much for spending time with us and jumping on here. Her stories amazing hopefully as you're all following her but she's amazing and thank you Stephanie again for being part of this.
 Okay so I'm going to bring us some more fun to build this conversation. There's like there's so many ways you can do this like some people build funnels they become like just one person shop and they just do it themselves some people go and they they blow this thing up and there's all sorts of different
 things so I think let me see who's up next and make sure my team I have a better way to like to let me know.
 Is it Steven up next I see this guy jumping around.
 All right we're going to have Stephen come in Stephen Larson is here in the office today.
 Stephen what's up dude.
 Hey what's up everybody.
 He's a boy so I was like do you want to come and like jump on zoom or come on the office and you're like actually knock on the doors.
 Love fun building.
 All right so I want to share some of your story like live on the thing but a lot of you guys now you're shaping you jumping jack.
 They breathe for a second but a lot of you will see you and they see that when two comic book awards you've launched like a dozen products you got high ticket stuff and you're doing the whole game but that's not where you got started.
 A lot of times we confuse like the finish line with the beginning and I love for you to share the story of the beginning because you use this skill set to leverage everything from like playing tickets to like everything.
 I like the humor out there funny if it's still the one I traded for funnels years ago.
 Oh serious.
 Yeah it's still the same thing.
 Like I was telling them to chat like my stuff is all funnels like we just ask how can I write a swimming pool that very same thing and just from the first certification program I just keep using that so yeah I couldn't afford to click funnels either when I first started.
 I'm not even the certification you couldn't afford to click funnels like the dollar trial to the nice another month.
 Yeah there's nothing we were so broke I was living on student loans, negative cash flow in college and there's this thing called a two week trial and I was like if I asked rich people questions and I was like huge rapper he's socking up you know and he said how can I afford it.
 I was like okay I can't get click funnels or I felt like that and so like how could I for that and that two week trial right there we decided that the week before I would funnel hack like crazy and follow your process to the team.
 And then after that a little closer to the mic sorry.
 A little closer to the mic there we go.
 Thanks.
 And so I during week zero if you will.
 We went we planned the entire funnel and put it out there and that press go on that two week trial and week number one we built the funnel and week number two we focused on sales so that week number three was paid for by the customer and it worked.
 And that's how I got it but it taught me oh my gosh like look at the power of that and so with the certification program when that came up I was like same kind of thing I'm seeing on some of you guys in the chat like who I'm nervous who I'm scared who I can't do this like lean into that that's actually if you will the
 universe or God or up about whatever right telling you and nudging you if you feel that like hey it's time to go so yeah I couldn't afford even go into funnel hacking live so I traded funnels for plane tickets certification wasn't a thing then I just read dot com secrets
 I was like huh you guys have so much more stuff than I ever had it just the whole way through just push push push push how hard you wanted to life so yeah it's been really really powerful.
 It's so cool. I look like a so you said tickets for fun I can live plus the plane tickets and like what other things just come up you understand like we have the skillset like you have the ability to barter anything right like yeah there's so many cool things like even not cash like I use it to barter like I want to get to know like a Tony Rob and like I'm going to trade funnels for like access to cool people but like people understand like the skill says not just cash there's so many things you can it opens up so many doors.
 Like my truck click funnels house we said we want that house we can't afford that yet down payments big what can I do we literally threw a funnel out the door guess what we wrote our own house.
 Does that make sense like the whole everything the whole way through has been and when I'm like oh we gotta get closer to that person or this person will just figure out what type of funnel to do for him and just kind of open the door and get their noise out there that way but you guys understand like the skill set that you're
 learning here with this is a widely needed skill set in the entire marketplace.
 A lesson my dad actually taught me he was like hey if you want to be you know a little bit recession proof you want to be on the right side of business at all times here's some advice and I was like all years and he said try to find ways to be on the revenue generating side of a company at all times.
 If stuff goes bad who do you think they look at cut first not the revenue generators right and what you're learning here is a revenue generating skill set that brings leads and or sales and all time and there's not a company the world that doesn't need that.
 And I think our product 57 now.
 So I keep telling I keep telling people like they understand like this fun ability skill some people like they want to launch it on course and on product and on the thing right but it's hard because the first time you're going through it you have to learn like launch
 probably get to learn how to create a product how to like source and how to do traffic how to do so many different variables and so you're trying to get a plus learning funnel building plus copyright and like it's so many things whereas if you focus on funnel building first you have a chance to learn the most important piece of the puzzle and just that
 right like you go work with with somebody who already has traffic they already have a product they have customer sport you're coming in and just doing the ones like one piece you do that they do all the rest and you blow up the company and then like you get better and better that
 and eventually like you said it's like you're back to or into the digital economy now it's like now I've got a skill set now I'm gonna plug in my product now I can do my own thing and now I said you've done 50 something with products sense and because you've got a skill set so well.
 Well what's interesting too is like that's actually how I got my first funnel building clients like for this was I was like alright I don't have my own product yet right at that time I got my product I got to learn traffic
 ooh I got all this stuff that's really kind of scary and I was like the shortest distance to success funny enough is by learning with another company so I just started I made a list of all my dream customer criteria and I was like this is who I'm gonna go try and go after and I just started emailing him and saying hey I know you don't know what a funnel is but I'll build one if it works
 gonna get paid if not it's on my dime and they're like sure and that's actually how I got the root of the great sales because all the time I'm gonna build you a funnel if it then it's zero dollars pay me zero but if it makes money I just want half of it or whatever it is
 yeah well that's actually how I started getting to your events was like that was the pitch and when it started working I was like hey how about I'm gonna be getting paid you know what just buy me a ticket to that guy's event like serious I was like yeah yeah give me the hotel night serious yeah yeah and I just the whole way need a new computer really yeah and I just have been bartering the whole way with this whole thing so it's a powerful thing
 so it's a powerful skill set we need to do it that sucks so let's just do it okay so last question you Stephen and one of the next guests someone saying they're on the fence you just flew their house and you're talking like what would you say like to push them over the edge to understand like this is something they need to be doing in their life
 you're gonna learn a business function that makes you pretty much lethal in the entire business world but give time and space for the fact that you're gonna get frustrated of course there's gonna be work you're gonna have to sell yourself you're gonna have to learn how to build a funnel piece you're gonna have to and that's okay that's just part of the whole thing
 but I would tell people that realize that what you're about to go through be so life transforming how could you expect to not try to get good right and the marketplace is gonna pay a lot of money
 dollar amounts right mark is gonna try and tell you are you really worth that amount which means you're gonna have to get good and this is the shortest distance to success ever though I've seen is this program because it teaches you take this now this here's how to think here's how to get clients you got to sell yourself and it's it's stacked on one piece though so he's already given
 you the guarantees already given you that so just take them up on it that's what I originally did as well and I was like okay if he says there's a money back thing money back thing I'm here you go and I went and did it and we just we just plowed forward so you got nothing lose so often except some regrets
 awesome so you guys thanks Stephen appreciate it in common sound love tell Stephen thank you so much for coming hanging out I'll go buy it again
 I'll see you at a recertify let's go
 thank you so much Stephen alright for all you guys like again hopefully you're feeling the energy you're seeing this like this is the real thing people are doing this all the place the people you're seeing online right now all the place they've gone through this program or they've been they understand this process of building funnels I get down low there's link wherever go to funnel builder.com slash go that's where we started as soon as you're ready is time to go do it alright
 next up oh Jeff's next up to Jeff that I'm how are you doing man first off good to see us but a long time there you are how's it going man I am doing amazing I'm so honored and happy to be here right now and this offer is so freaking cool I cannot believe that you made it so inexpensive for people they want to get people in there which is awesome so those are no Jeff Jeff Nick name for a long time the funnel doc and also this is one of the cool things so we launched click funnels and remember one day like we're doing all of our thing awesome one day someone posts like this is awesome
 like we're doing all of our thing awesome one day someone posts like they got a tattoo of click phones on it Jeff tattoo click funnels to his arm which is crazy so he's got funnels he's got he's got a funnel hacker tattoo this is not fake it's been there for how many four five years now that's amazing and you see
 four is a comic book I want I want you to tell people because you kind of went through similar experience like you came in you started learning stuff you got really good at marketing and sales understanding this but then the way you had your first initial success was building funnels for other people you're talking about what happened and kind of
 the process and again for everyone like we tried out to in income claims he's not talking about money anything but just understand like he's having insane amounts of success doing this I love you kind of tell that story
 yeah a lot of people don't know one of the things we did is I was originally making funnels for other businesses I would literally go around and create funnels I'd go into business with a template funnel already made like and I'd just go outside and I'd literally would change the name of the business and then go into the next business and then if that one did work that I'd go into the next business
 and I'd just change it up for whatever it is for their certain whatever type of business was whether it's doctor or dentist or whatever and that's what I think people need to understand that like you can figure out how to make this happen you just have to be willing to put in the effort
 that's so cool you just imagine like you pre-built the funnel and then like jump in your car and drive from store they come to come to like edit it real quick and then drive it like hey I got a funnel for you don't want to pay me for it
 that's what we did to get started when we first set our agency and literally when we launched our agency the first 30 days we were able to get this program twice let's just say that literally all I would do is I'd go on a laptop I'd go into the funnel I'd change out the headline I'd change out a couple images so it matched whatever the business was with a dentist doctor whatever it is and I'd walk in and explain it to him and then I'd say hey look if you're willing to put in like half of whatever I decided charging we're only charging like Q grandum
 I don't know what you said we were charging a small amount back then but you know with this program I only need five people to be able to get in the program
 yeah it's so cool now it's interesting because I remember when I first started seeing you like you like we have most of you guys who are on there probably no we have a click for those community and the click for those communities got now it's like 250,000 people in there and you were in there and it was interesting because all these people in there like trying to self-service and trying to be able to ban them all the time and you were in there and you just started serving and giving and helping and sharing
 and like you were just like one of the most useful people in the group and pretty soon everyone's like man this Jeff guy is really helpful man he's really useful he's giving me all these ideas and then like people start just flooding to you
 yeah I don't think I ever saw you even pitching anything you're just like serving and helping and the people start coming to you is that correct?
 Yeah that was the amazing thing is I figured out the best way to serve the community and learn the most about funnels and everything was to just give as much value as I could and then one day this guy Kevin David
 wanted up putting in the group that he needed help with his funnels and because I've been providing so much value everyone just started tagging Jeff Jeff Jeff Jeff he's the guy he's the guy he's the guy so I met with this guy and long story short that led to this first award which we did in 57 days which at the time was the fastest and we wanted to click funnels award at that time
 that's really cool so cool man well it's been fun watching your success and obviously you've done it with building funds for other people who are doing your own funnels like again after you have the skillset there's so many ways that you can use it I'm curious for you like anyone who's listening to right now who's sitting on the fence like should I do this should I not like what would you tell him to kind of push them over the edge
 you know it's scary okay when you make an investment in your self like this it's definitely scary but that is you telling yourself and have to go all in you don't necessarily need to get a tattoo but making this commitment is the first step to being able to change your life
 and have a business that can affect others that is the greatest thing I've got from this is not the money I made but the people I've been able to impact and change their lives and have businesses that have grown I mean it's it's it's literally a dream to come true to have been able to develop the skill and every time I see Russell I think you so much for this change my life and teaching me all the wonderful skills that he has because this literally
 is a skill that you can have forever I mean this literally it's think about the internet's not going away people the internet's not going anywhere so you can learn to market and adapt and change and be able to grow no matter what happens
 and that is the key with this you have to be able to willing to go all in take that risk you know jump off that ledge because if you always just dip your toe in just a little bit you're never going to succeed you got to go all in and that's one of the things is make the commitment
 take that first step maybe you just do one of the first payments just to see what it's like to try it out but if you don't even take that first step to try it out you're never going to know if you could be successful and you're going to be stuck where you are that's a thing that will not change if you don't change anything about your life
 nothing in your life will change
 If I appreciate you jumping on it's like letting people know your story and I'll tell my story and I'll tell my story because they all know like how it affects and how it changes their life how it affects your life as well so thank you so much man for taking time out your busy day and jumping in for everyone who's listening again if you haven't yet go to funnel builder.com/go get started get in there and then you can do what's in the Jeff's turn building funnels for other people learning skillset and a great job.
 Thank you Jeff so much for hanging out man I appreciate you.
 Thanks brother appreciate it.
 Alright you guys loving this you have fun so far let Jeff know that the comments down below thank you Jeff so much for hanging out thank you for just sharing time with us and yes the fact that you got tattoo is still crazy to me but I love it.
 Alright our next guest is pop in this is the first time I have a fish that hung out with you so I'm excited to talk to you again we reached out like people people who know building funnels and said look tell us your story and and and reach out and tell us your story and I'll be so cool if she'll be willing to share.
 And so first off thank you so much for for jumping on and sharing your story that when how you feel today.
 Good hi Russell thanks for having me so appreciate being here. Yeah so glad so I would love to you again I know your story I love you kind of tell people your story in this whole funnel building journey kind of where you came from and how you got into it and like what you're doing right now I love to hear it.
 Yeah okay so I spent 18 years in corporate America as an experienced designer and so I was highly educated and highly had all this experience in the corporate world and I had gone from research and development and all the way up to VP level and I just I was tired of the corporate and the
 roles and all that navigating and so I was like I'm going to go be an entrepreneur I know I do what I was doing. So I came away and I you know the most what most people do when they're in my type of role is they become a consultant.
 So I was like sure I'm going to go start my consultant agency. So for two years I tried to become a consultant and go into the agencies are the companies I was working in before, but it was just going back to the same I was backing corporate again and even though I was had my own business.
 Not really. I kept going back into corporate and so I was like oh my gosh how am I going to do this. And so I at that time my severance was completely gone.
 And so I was like but I was so determined I was like I am going to make something of my own I don't know what it is but it has to be of my own making.
 So I was driving Lyft during the day and I was making deli sandwiches at night and the only thing I could do during that time was to listen and so I was just consuming like how do people do this I don't know.
 And so I was listening and I was actually in another program and your voice came across they remember it so distinctly because I was making a ham and breed Dijon sandwich and like I'm like you know judge number four minutes like how fast I can make sandwiches.
 But you came across and I think it was the beginning of right before you launched phonology.
 And so you were talking about this and I'm like who is this guy like what is he talking about this is amazing.
 And so from that point forward every single night I would just consume like everything you had. So traffic secrets, every secret.
 The doc on secrets like everything and I was like okay, I think this is the way.
 And so I joined one funnel a challenge in November of 2019.
 By January I was like I have to get the funnel hacking live so I used all of my corporate points that I had accumulated in the past year for rental and hotel and flight.
 And I had $10 a day to like on food and I'm kind of a coffee scene so I had to get my coffee.
 So and I went to funnel hacking live. I'm sitting in the back and I'm just consuming consuming consuming I'm like yes this is it.
 And then you open the door for 2ccx and you said we couldn't pay we didn't have to pay for 30 days or something crazy like that.
 I was like I have no idea how this is going to do this, but this is it and just like took the leap of faith and went in and I was also because I was on $10 a day I was also hungry and you were promising a lunch and I was like okay.
 I'm free.
 But the coolest part is that when I went down in that very first lunch I had even remember the people who were at my table were a testament to the ClickFunnels community that I was about to come into.
 They were so welcoming, so warm. They were trying to do these crazy things that a single person should never think that they should be able to do and I was like oh my gosh this is amazing.
 So I went back home. I found another community within the ClickFunnels community that helped me connect my design background with your funnel strategy and ClickFunnels.
 And I got my first client and it was a membership build. So and every single client I've had since actually spent a membership build plus funnels.
 And so I just started building and some of them I was like Stephanie I just built for free, like put it into the ClickFunnels official group and I'm like I'll do anything let's go.
 So, and so I started building and of course I sucked just like you're saying, but kind of a testament to what you're saying in terms of when you land and you make this decision is that I think I ended up calling your support team about three times a day every day for a month.
 I knew all my first name. I would send them messages like it was it was yeah it was we went back.
 But they helped me and no matter what it was no matter how many times I called it the same thing they were all in and like anything I could do to be successful.
 And so fast forward now I have an agency. I have four people on my team that I get to work with who are around the world and we get to just build amazing things for our customers.
 We specialize in membership builds and funnels.
 And I have four people that I contact with on a regular basis and I just was able to invest in this program so it's just it's afforded me an amazing thing, but I think even more important and then I'll, and then I'll step off and that is.
 I for the first time in my entire life have built a system that I'm proud of a community that I'm proud to be a part of. And it's of my own making and I get to work with people that are my people.
 So ClickFunnels helped me find my people and so I'm just forever grateful and happy to be here.
 So cool thank you so much for sharing that. And I hope people understand because like there's, again you didn't have to go master 20 and funnel types is like you got really good in memberships which is there's so much need for that.
 And I had you like bugged our support until like you perfected now you're mastered it. And now like now you know what you know what you just can do it over and over again right.
 And then networking inside the communities gets no people and like all the different pieces that that are part of it so so awesome.
 Well, thank you for sharing that story for anyone who's like, who's sitting or listening to you like, should I do this like what would you tell them to like push them off the edge.
 Yes, it is trusting your gut like other some said and taking my leap of faith but I will also say that on the other side, the support community ClickFunnels has never, ever let me down.
 It is they have always been there in one way or another, whether it be ClickFunnels or the community that surrounds it. It, I can't think of a better community to come into and take that leap of faith into.
 So cool. Well, thank you so much for jumping. I appreciate you. Everyone in the comments down below to Andrew. Thank you so much for hanging out with us today and sharing her story with you guys.
 Again, my biggest goal is I want to give you guys belief that this works. It does work for me. It's work for Andrew. It's work for Jeff. It's work for Steven.
 It's work for Stephanie. It's work for every like and it can work for you as well, which is the big key. So if you haven't yet, you guys now is the time right down.
 Go to funnel builder.com/go to get started, go get signed up and jump in the program. The coolest thing about it again is obviously a lot of you guys are going to pay $10,000 at front.
 But this is the first time that you know me. I don't do payment plans ever. Like I'm against a mic. But this is the first time we're doing a payment plan.
 We can get started for a couple thousand dollars, get in there, start going through the training, start building something and then from there you can start having success, which is so awesome.
 All right. My next two guests are here. I'm so excited for next two guests because they actually have a big part of the program. You guys know what no one knows about yet.
 But Mike and AJ are two of my friends who have been inside my inner circle now for seven or eight. I don't even know when you first came in, but very beginning ClickFunnels.
 I came in. I can hang out with them a couple times here. See them. And they were ones who actually invented a new funnel type and they brought it to me.
 And now it's and it's the concept of a funnel hub. I talk more about that. But it's literally the foundation of ClickFunnels based on their concepts and their principles inside the certification.
 We talk about this and they've made insane amounts when I do a lot of things, but also like I have an agency building out funnel hubs for people.
 They build out a funnel hub for me. They charge me like retail price. I pay a ton of money for mine and other people.
 They kind of perfected this model of a funnel hub. But Mike and AJ, how are you guys doing today?
 Well, as they're coming on as they're playing with the the audio's recently put together a really cool program. Mike and AJ called the funnel funnel hub launch pad.
 And just you guys know we license it. So every single one of you guys who are inside of the funnel builder training program.
 This is like an unadvertised bonus. You also got access to the funnel hub launch pad, which is all the training about how they how they pitch, how they sell, how they create all kinds of stuff as well as an unadvertised bonus that we're going to get as well.
 And hopefully we'll get the audio working so we can have them tell you tell you their story as well.
 You can help us on my side or if it's on your guys side. I just.
 Well, I will tell you what they were going to say had they had the audio been able to work over here.
 So me as know I had them speak at funnel. I can lie the first time two years ago to kind of present this principle in this concept of funnel hub that no one had ever seen before.
 They there was something that that that was a concept kind of a website, but it was a different way to do website.
 There's completely different and they pitched me on it. I signed up and and and went for it.
 And then they went and they started building for a whole bunch of other people as well after that. And it was awesome.
 So they told me we're going to go to another person will come back to Mike and AJ. Hopefully we'll get the audio stuff figured out.
 Okay. So Mike and AJ will be back in a second. I'm going to pull the next panelists and my guys were figured out whatever's happening.
 And we're going to have Dave, our Sarno come up next. And while they're pulling Dave up.
 So I want to Dave to come because Dave's got an interesting story. He came through the very first funnel builder certification program we ever did way back in the day.
 And some people just just, you know, they have a small team to do a couple of funnel bills and they do that to launch the whole thing.
 But Dave went all in. He's built a like an amazing agency. They do big high end clients. They do like.
 Anyway, like every time someone comes in, like I'm looking for someone to build like really high expensive, like big huge funnel builds and stuff like that and business growth things.
 Dave's who I always send him to. And so I'm excited Dave, you know, because he was here at the very beginning, the very first time we ever did something like this.
 So Dave, I know you've been in a match. My meeting jumped out to jump off everybody. How are you doing, man?
 I'm doing awesome. How are you doing? So good. Thank you so much for jumping out jumping on here.
 I'd love for you to tell people because your story because you had an agency ahead of time.
 And the very first funnel I've ever we first introduced the original certification program. You jumped all in.
 I'm curious why you did it and then what kind of happened because of that?
 Well, well, first of all, thank you for having me here. It's truly an honor and and for people who are brand new and I was watching the chat roll.
 You cannot go wrong. And I can tell you this because I joined Russell's category Kings inner circle and it's not an inexpensive investment and my wife said anything you've done with Russell ClickFunnels and pays for itself more than 10 times over so everyone if you're thinking about it, find a way.
 And so I was I was at the first funnel hacking live and I wasn't even a customer. In fact, I think I was one of the only people in the room that didn't even know what the heck ClickFunnels was except I had a client of mine say they wanted to use it.
 And so I started doing some research and I found out about, you know, funnel hacking live. So I actually got my client to pay for a ticket for me to go there to learn about it so I could use it for them.
 Now, you made an offer for certification. And I said, you know what, if I love, I loved everything that you said, and I wanted anything that I do, I need to know everything about it. I need to know how to do it the best I possibly can.
 So that way I can serve the people that I need to serve at the highest level possible. So that's why I signed up. Now, one of the things that because I got to put it on a credit card.
 I said anything that I invest in I say, how can I make it pay for itself in the next 30 days. So I went out and sold a client. I mean, plain and simple. So if any of you want to put it on a credit card, it gives you automatically 30 to 45 day grace period.
 Go sell a client, make it pay for itself. I mean, the, the, and by the way, I'm going to let you know the answer you ask everyone. I already bought it again. And I don't even need to buy it again.
 That's so cool. So when you, when you bought it, I love to know, because again, funnels weren't the thing you had in your agency, because you had an existing agency and then after that you were able to start adding this in.
 I kind of that affect your, I mean, anyone who's gotten agency listings, like should I do this like I'd love to know how that affected your agency moving forward after that.
 Well, it changed everything. I mean, you know, you know today that we're significantly larger than we were before. I mean, my, I've got a team of over 30 people.
 And I've got five full time funnel builders on my team that this is what we do for clients. So joining, joining your program and becoming part of your world.
 Change my business and in turn it really changed my life. More than I can ever imagine and express gratitude because I started thinking everything in funnels and I started communicating with clients and funnels and once I started getting ingrained in this world,
 the right people started coming to us and yes, I didn't charge a lot of money. We do a charge a lot and I see that no one's saying what the numbers are, but it has a lot of zeros on it in our average client lifetime value.
 And so, to me, it's a no brainer to do this because I mean, whether it's getting someone in the beginning, getting someone off the ground and helping them get their dreams, helping them realize their dreams.
 You get to be part of it by becoming part of ClickFunnels and if you choose to get certified, you have an opportunity to change people's lives and when they look back and it's not just ClickFunnels that they're going to remember, they're going to remember you is the catalyst
 in the part that helped shape and helped to realize their dreams.
 So cool man. It's been so much from watching you. And I think what's interesting that you do that I love people understand this as well as someone come in and you build a funnel for them.
 But then that person's your client, you don't just like build a funnel and put them on their way like you get deep in their business.
 You're like hiring and from this and from that and like, and so you help take these companies and really, really grow them into these huge organizations.
 And what's cool about it is that because you serve them with a funnel first, then they trust you with these other things and you sell other services and other products and like, and so you're able to grow where a funnel building client is not just worth, you know, this much money ends up being worth this much over time because how deep and how well you serve these people.
 I've seen you do it over and over and over again, but I love you to understand that psychology in your mind and just like the funnel is literally like the front end of you bringing someone in, serve them and then there's so much more you can do after that.
 What are some other services you offer people to understand like what's possible after you've served someone once and what else they're looking for?
 Sure. Absolutely. Yeah, we help our clients with everything, whether it's, I mean, we manage millions of dollars a month and pay traffic. So we do everything from the lead generation to the conversion to writing their sales scripts.
 Obviously, you know, but I have a background and my team has background in sales.
 We were Tony and Chet's top closing speakers.
 So we do everything from the scripting to helping them and then out of this and frankly being part of this community, we started looking through the problem articulation framework and say, when we were in the community, we started looking through the problem.
 We started the production framework and say, when we solve a problem, what's the next problem that we create. And well, once a client goes to a certain level, we don't want them to have to rely on us forever.
 I know some of them want to know I've had clients now for over a decade.
 And those who don't, we will then we created the nitrogen hiring network. So we'll hire their superstar team. And then for those who want their team trained, we have the infinite scaling system, which we will then help train their team on the frameworks that we utilize within our
 community. So we can have their own internal superstar marketing team to help them scale and grow. So the idea is, yes, some people sometimes come in the front end for a funnel, but the clients who, who we tend to work with are ones who would really look into build scale and grow.
 And then maybe even exit down the road and us helping be part of that plan to help them do that.
 So hopefully, like, first of all, thank you for sharing that. But I want you guys all think it's like, sure, it's just one thing and there's other products and services and like you grow with a client.
 And your revenue grows and like their success grows and it becomes amazing fun process and you're going to work with the coolest people from all around the world and it's just awesome. But anyway, Dave, thank you so much for being part of this for jumping on.
 I know you're in the middle of a mastermind you jumped out just to share with everybody. So thank you for sharing your time. Everyone in the comments down below tell David, thank you so much for hanging out with us.
 Appreciate you and man, I can't wait to see you at our next mastermind meeting.
 I'll see you soon. Thanks.
 Thanks so much, man.
 All right. So funny guys getting this, you see how exciting this is and like these people are doing this full time. This is their career.
 This is part of it and something can be happening for you as well. So again, if you haven't yet, go to funnel builder.com/go and let's become a funnel builder. We talked over and over and over again.
 You guys are funnel builders now are starting to jump in and be part of this. Make this your identity. Make this your career and master the skill set.
 All right. Next up, we got someone else. This is someone who again, when we first launched certification program came into our world at a chance to meet her and I've been watching her for, and probably, I don't know how long, like seven, eight years now, doing this as a career for
 self for other people. Her name is Amanda Dake. Thank you so much for jumping on and being part of this and sharing your story. How are you feeling today?
 Hey, I'm great. Thanks for having me. So excited to be here.
 I haven't seen you for years that I can person. So it's fun to reconnect and talk. And I love all the funnel drawings on the background of, like, I feel like in your office, this is so great.
 Yeah.
 Well, we tell people, tell your story about this whole thing, how you came into this world of funnel building and what you've been doing with it. Just people understand kind of the progression for you as well.
 Well, I won't go back too far, but I was a high school science teacher for 12 years in a tennis coach. And then in 2011, I decided I could not do that anymore.
 I had two young sons and, you know, teachers don't make a lot of money and, you know, it takes a lot of time and energy.
 So I really just kind of ventured out on my own back then and found click funnels to a client that I was working with, just doing some social media management. Okay, so remember, I was a science teacher, all this tech stuff.
 I was self taught. Okay, so I just kind of had to jump in and figure stuff out.
 Because when I left my career, I had no plan. I just knew it wasn't going to be that anymore. So back in about 2014, click funnels, I think was beta and very beginning. And I started using it thanks to Garrett White and a couple of other people.
 So I hadn't come across you yet Russell, I just was using the software, I had no idea who you were. And then you start following me around the internet with your book.
 And then I got the book and then you held your first funnel hacking live in Las Vegas in 2015. So I took the leap. I bought a ticket to Vegas. I'd never been there before.
 I'd never been to any kind of conference before, you know, being an education we're just kind of in our own little bubble. So I just said, I just said yes. And I went, you offered certification there for the very first time.
 And I was very reluctant at the time. It was a big investment for me coming out of education world, just trying to make things work before Russell and funnel hacking live and certification.
 I was charging three figures for anything that I would do. I'll just say that it was not much. But you know, I had to do what I could do. And with the skills that I had.
 So coming into certification, it was a big sacrifice, not only financially, but even with time. I remember that my biggest hurdle aside from the investment at the time was I was going to miss my son's first day of middle school.
 And, but you know, I went ahead and went for it. And I am so grateful that I did. So fast forward seven years. And we're here now. My business has transformed my life, my kids lives and the lives of thousands of others that I've been able to help along the way.
 So cool. I'm curious, like what was the first like, you have to go through the program and you're like, okay, I don't do a phone about like the first, like, how did you find your first client? What was the first process likes and unless like the scary thing for people's like, hey, who's the training? But then,
 that next step is the scary one. Do you remember that? I don't exactly remember how the client started coming in. But I do know that my roster was full really fast. I think 12 was my limit. And that was, I can't even imagine working with 12 clients now. But
 it was full very fast. And another thing that changed was, well, there's a lot of things, but I had so much confidence with the support from ClickFunnels, from you Russell, from the other people that were in the certification program.
 In fact, many of the people, even Dave, that was on right before me, we are such close friends, even today. They have become more than just, you know, people that I went through a program with.
 We communicate with each other often. We kind of have our own huddle. We didn't call it that, but now that's exactly what it is. We brainstorm together. It's become, I don't want to use the word family because I feel like that's a little cliche with what it is.
 But we have become such a close knit group and have stayed active together, building businesses, and, you know, fostering friendships, watching our families grow up. And it's been, it's just been so wonderful.
 So cool. It's interesting because when you guys started seven years ago, it was, it was like, fun was like a big thing back then. It was like, it was an awkward thing that I might try to, photos were amazing and like try to make noise.
 Nowadays, seven years later, it's just, it's become so big. But even back then, it was small and you were in the very beginning, the very first people, you had 12 clients like that fast.
 And I want people to understand, I'm talking about a big opportunity, how crazy and how much stuff is like, like, what's your, like, how hard would it be to get if you needed 12 clients tomorrow? Like, how hard would it be to open up the gates and like, oh, there's 12 people that are ready.
 Like, there's, you know, there are people everywhere on almost every social media channel that need help and they're out there actively asking for it and looking around.
 So not only just in networking yourself and being active and doing some basic things online to promote yourself now being a part of certification, you're going to be on that marketplace, which is a massive, massive opportunity because when people come to click funnels now to ask for help,
 while they may still post in the main Facebook group, they now have a more trusted place to go to find someone that actually has the skill set and the experience to get them where they want to go.
 And so being on the marketplace is of huge benefit whenever it comes to, you know, finding your clients or your clients finding you, which is even better.
 So it's more of an inbound kind of process instead of you having to do outreach all of the time. So that to me is, that's super, super huge, especially if you're more of an introvert, like I'm pretty introverted.
 Kind of kind of like you Russell, like I can put it out there who I need to, but typically I'm introverted and so for me to do any kind of outreach or I was so uncomfortable with that.
 So having the ability to people to come to me as the expert as a recognized expert, that was super helpful for me and propelling my business forward.
 So cool. All right. Last thing, any other questions, people are sitting on the fence thinking about what would you tell them if they were like grabbing and like, what would you tell them.
 So I'll tell you exactly what the person next to me at funnel hacking live in Las Vegas in 2015 said to me whenever I was on that fence and I just could not take that leap by myself.
 She grabbed me by my shoulders and she said, just do it, just do it, just do it. And so there I did it.
 So I'm just so awesome. Reversion of grabbing all you guys by the shoulders and just do it. Thank you so much for spending time with us today. Everyone chat down.
 Thank you so much for hanging out with us and sharing your story with you guys. So much fun seeing fun about those who are doing this for a living now for seven plus years, which is so awesome. So thank you, Amanda for sharing your story.
 You're amazing. So fun. All right, you guys, you've heard from funnel build out to funnel build like this is the real thing. It's really happening. It's something that's real.
 It's just insane. It's huge. It's growing. And it's time for you guys to come and be part of this. We're going to train you. We're going to walk you through the process and help help you guys be successful.
 So again, if you're ready to get started enough, get off of the sidelines and into the game, go to funnel builder.com/go and let's get started and get this process moving.
 You can start going through the training tonight. This weekend, there's our bins listening to all of the foundational stuff. And next week, we start dropping into different funnels and go live with them. So it's going to be a lot of fun.
 All right. Next up, we got a special guest, someone who I've had a chance to get to know. And one of our other coaching programs, he's part of it and jumps out of a week. We get his chair and brainstorm ideas on funnels.
 And it's also someone who has been making a career building funnels for other people. And so, Dom, how are you doing today, man?
 What's up, Russell? What's up, everybody? So good to see you. So tell us.
 So tell everybody your story with this because I know you've done everything in the past, but what was it that helped you like get in this world and start building funnels for other people?
 Yes, sir. So I have learned, always do what Russell says. So I'm going to break this down to a hook, a story, and then the offer. So here we go. Here's the hook.
 How I went from eating dog food and massaging people's hairy, hairy backs and butts to making it to make ends meet to building out funnels for hip hop celebrities. Okay, I messed that up a little bit.
 I'm a little nervous.
 All right, so this is a little bit from my story of when I nailed my first two comma club and I want to read a little bit about this for this to you guys so you guys get the timeline. So I literally was so broke at one point in my life that I had to eat dog food to get by five years ago.
 I had to move back in with my parents at age 30 where I took a job as a massage therapist and listened to Russell Brunson on audio while massaging hairy backs and butts.
 You know, sometimes you got to do it. Three years ago, I was over $500,000 in debt and I'm not talking about a mortgage. Two years ago I was sued by four different creditors that came and served me papers at my door.
 Like not like it's time to pay us buddy. While I was living in a basement unit for $400 a month watching someone's cats for a reduced rent.
 I was just financial stress destroyed multiple relationships in my life. I used to work 16 and 18 hour days trying to make a difference as a marketer for a nonprofit but always felt like I was coming up short and burned out.
 And I vowed to never do that to myself again. And, but being in that much debt and in that situation was kind of a blessing because guess what I found Russell, I started doing what he said.
 And it's great because you don't need any money. I was in so much debt that I had to make funnels work. And so, so now I'm dating the girl of my dreams. I have the apartment of my dreams I paid off my SUV which had a toxic interest rate because I had horrible credit.
 And I actually did that at funnel hacking live I actually have the picture here with me paying off my stupid SUV. Peace out debt. And, and, and now we.
 I'm going to my first two comma club in December, and just our second one, just a month ago after being a part of the two comma club program. And now I'm so excited this two weeks ago I literally built a funnel for fat man scoop who is a hip hop celebrity one of the most famous voices in hip hop.
 I actually got to work with him and build out a funnel for him so you just you never know what will happen when you make that leap of faith.
 But it basically for me it started with in 2018 I was kind of building my own funnels doing okay with that but failed a couple times because I didn't do what Russell said.
 I did what Russell said met up with the DJ influencer and built started building out funnels for him. And February 2019 I still remember it I recorded the whole experience me crying we made.
 We made a lot of Denerro.
 I knew I was on to something. And our we specialized or I specialize in membership funnels. And we started we started getting more members more members more members doing what Russell says do what Russell says 500 members 750 1000 members and our DJ community our membership.
 And that's when March 2020 happened worst year ever for events I thought my life was over. But guess what what saved me a funnel baby.
 We ended up launching our second funnel, which was a new software business and membership for DJs. And that, that changed my entire life. And I got smart on the second business the second funnel.
 And I said, hey, I want 25% equity in this one. He said yes. And so now we are at a, we have this amazing membership community people are literally tattooing our logo on their arms with 3500 members in our membership
 software kind of hybrid community. And so cool. Yeah, sorry I know I know I just blabbered a lot.
 So I was recap from like when it just follows for himself and then built for someone else who already had a product business. And then the second time is like I'm gonna do it again but this is my equity because I got the skills that I know how to do it.
 And they gave it to you. Like that's so crazy guys you understand like when you match the skills that like it's you can use it so many different ways and it's it's just amazing but you have to go with like all in and master one.
 All it there's so many influencers out there in the world. All it takes is one really good connection with your funnel building skills and one connection with an influencer. It will change your whole life. You're a whole life forever.
 Just serve that person, whoever that is in your, in your niche and it will change your whole life.
 All right then. Anyone who's sitting on the fence but would you tell them right now to push them over the edge.
 All that is all that that that noise in the back of your head is just resistance. There's a great book called the War of Art by Stephen Pressfield you should read that right away but all that is is resistance and it's resistance from keeping you from what you want to get.
 Just take the credit card out. Let's go do what Russell says. I wish you guys the best of luck.
 Awesome. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thanks for jumping on man.
 Everyone down the comments down below. Let them know. Thank you so much for hanging out with us and sharing his story. Is that a crazy story? Build the funnel, get paid for it. Then the second funnel gets equity for it and then keeps going from there which is which is so cool man.
 So thank you so much for sharing that. All right everybody. You're enjoying listening to all the funnel builders getting to meet people. All right. If you're ready to get off the sidelines and get into the game again go to funnel builder.com/go get started.
 As you know there's two ways to get started once $10,000 upfront or you can break it up over for payment plan get started jumping the training and get started right now. I got to do is go to funnel builder.com/go and we got Mike and AJ back. Can I hear you guys now? Hopefully.
 Yeah. Thanks.
 What's up guys? How you doing?
 Hey we're doing good at two computers. We're good.
 All right. So the interview guys. Mike and AJ are the adventures. I'm going to show you a side drawing on them anyway. Mike and AJ are the adventures in the funnel hub.
 This is a concept they kind of mentioned. It was such a cool thing. We built it as like the foundation of ClickFunnels 2.0 and what I mean is moving forward.
 There's going to be this insane amount of demand for funnel hubs because it's the newest thing. It's like the new opportunity behind. They different their websites and it's amazing and we're not going to do what funnel hubs are.
 But I love you guys to talk about just you mentioned this thing but this is like this new thing that you're you guys have an agency. You're selling it and we love you here just more about how this new funnel type like what's possible with it.
 Yeah. So I mean you at one point declared the death of a website at a funnel hacking live and I turned to AJ. I was like, what the heck? We build websites. What's going on with this?
 And while I was maybe a little upset about it at the time, it led us into an understanding of like where does the website actually fit within respect to funnels.
 You know, we joined your inner circle. Like, it feels like the dawn of time, like a long time ago. And I remember sitting inside of the our very first meeting and just looking around and wondering kind of who are the other people in this room and like, what are their funnels looks like and what do they do.
 And that led us on a discovery to figure out that that there's a lot of what while the funnel is the number one place for a to turn a lead into a customer.
 And so ultimately that doesn't mean that a website's not a part of that journey. And so that's where the funnel hub came about and that's how we developed this new funnel type where we've gone on to sell so many different funnel hubs to different people in the in the funnel space but we've also taken that into the local market and local businesses are going crazy for this stuff too.
 Yeah, so cool. So this is something I mentioned earlier so a lot of people don't know actually nobody knows because this is like an unadvertised bonus but you guys flew out two or three months ago.
 And we record a whole bunch of stuff because again funnel hubs like this new opportunity they're so big. How many people on the planet think today actually have a funnel hub.
 Have them. I mean, I can probably we could probably count them in all of our hands like there's there's not.
 And there's not very much.
 There's a world in the world that need a funnel hub.
 Every business. Yeah, it's insane that you can't go to a website or doesn't have a website or a funnel hub is an opportunity for all of them which is insane so this opportunity is huge and so one of the things you guys get immediately this is a whole program that we're going to be selling separately here in the near future.
 But I wanted everyone to have that as well so like when you guys get into the certified the funnel certified members area, the funnel launch pads all in there.
 And some of the things that are included so people know like what they like to be able to take this opportunity funnel hubs like all of the guys include inside that training because it's, it's special just to this funnel type that they're getting that they don't get any other fun type besides the funnel hub because it's such a big opportunity.
 Yeah, I mean what we did is we basically figured out from a to Z how to help someone create a funnel hub because obviously you need to know how to do the funnel type.
 And there's a whole sales process that we train on to teach people how to go go through that. Yeah. And you know the thing is that like the way I look at this opportunity is right now like imagine if you could go back to like you know 2015 2014 and take the knowledge you have right now
 about funnels and transported back then like what would you have done back then like what kind of business opportunities would you have jumped into that maybe you've seen other people jump into.
 Well that same opportunity exists right now funnel hub that this is this is something that we're going to fast forward five 10 years and everyone's be like, yeah I should I should have listened, I should have probably done something with that.
 And like, and that may sound crazy but like that is absolutely the opportunity that's here, because we've seen it on our own agency we've seen it in the students that we've taught to go out there and sell these funnel hubs to to other funnel driven businesses and those kind of things.
 Yeah, and a lot of people think well you guys know all these funnel guys you're you know you're their friends that's why you got to build these but our agency's been building these locally for a lot of small businesses here in Tucson right and so we've proven that this is not just something
 it's for the funnel building community it's for every small business and so that makes it a huge huge market that's just totally untapped and waiting.
 Right, and you know in our agency we've had, you know there's some somewhat of a learning curve to teach a local business about funnels but what I love about this is you can build a funnel hub for local business.
 And you're kind of giving them funnels along with it and then suddenly one day they're like, hey, what is this thing it's generating leads and sales for me.
 Well, glad you asked that's a whole funnel and now you can start selling.
 You can start selling funnels to local businesses which maybe previously were confused by it or didn't understand why it's like it's like a sneak attack kind of strategy which I really love.
 Right.
 And then the thing is interesting with someone after the final hub, the next thing they need is they need funnels to put in the funnel hub.
 And so it's like it's such a good like foot in the door, like hey, we built a thing and a lot of people, they look like a website which people want a website.
 It's like, oh, I have a website now.
 Yeah, but it's a funnel hub and then it's like from there you're like, oh, by the way, you need to leave funnels and we need this and you start adding things and gives you the ability to like lead with one thing that they all understand that looks normal.
 And you guys don't know when local clients you don't call the funnel hub you call the marketing hub, right?
 So it's like something they understand when you build a marketing hub and then you start layering in like, okay, you need to leave funnel now we need this kind of fun.
 And you can are like adding in more and more funnels to that client to serve them at a higher level, which is like, anyway, it's, it's amazing.
 So it's cool for all you guys who are getting involved in the certification program.
 And as soon as you go in there, the funnel of launch pads all in the members area so you can start going through that like tonight if you want to start learning exactly how to sell those.
 And like on top of that, what else we didn't talk about, but like you guys have like your cell scripts in there, your presentations, like you look like go watch presentations, grab the thing and start doing it.
 And for all certified partners, everyone's going to certification, click funnel, super on beta get you guys get access I think next week I believe, which means you build build funnel hubs into point out right away for people.
 And so it's like perfect timing just a huge gift that you guys are allowing all the certified people to have so.
 So any other final worst family who's sitting on the fence is like, I don't know if this is right for me. What would you guys tell them.
 I think for me it's like you've been in that situation where perhaps you're trying to sell somebody something a business and you can see so clearly that they need it right and they're like resistant to that and I know we've been in those situations
 and I can tell you that we needed to go first right it's really hard to sit there with integrity and asking somebody invest in their business when they've never done the same thing for themselves.
 And it's once we started investing our business in that way, then it became easy for me to go in there with more certainty more confidence and that just started turning into sales.
 So cool. Yeah. Awesome. We've never we've never been steered wrong by Russell like any time that I've taken my credit card out of my wallet to do something with you whether we join in or circle or any of the programs that we've done together.
 People will ask us, you know, how have you built an agency the size you have how have you, you how do you have a business that that can run without you how do you, you know, how were you speaker at funnel hacking line as the reason why it's because we put ourselves in the room with the people that
 knew the information and obviously Russell you've done an amazing job but your team like is done is has helped us so much and getting to the right spot and I think anybody who joins this program will be lucky to have that force on their side to do this.
 I couldn't imagine having something like this when I first started start agency back in 2003 just such a gift you guys are given to people.
 Yeah, and I've been on a sale side of a lot of these opportunities and you've made it such an alley because you teach people to teach who not how right. And ever since you started saying that ever since you started teaching the community that the people that are coming to us they're like just ready to buy they're like I know I don't want to spend time doing this.
 I just want somebody to do it for me right when they're coming to you like that it's such an easy sale.
 So cool.
 Mike, thank you. Thank you so much for jumping on. I appreciate you. Everyone you guys are going to love the funnel hub launch pad.
 It's like a get a free gift inside the members area. You can go through that tonight, which is amazing. You guys start selling funnel hubs tomorrow and make your money back before the weekends. If you want to get all in there you can jump in there.
 And then next week we're going to do more funnel training like like the initial stuff's in there. You guys can go rock and roll and start going through the program this weekend.
 And you know some of you guys that overachievers the ones who are like I mean, no matter what like you could literally go through that go sell funnel hubs sell two or three funnel hubs.
 And like before the first payment on the credit cards hit like it's paid off. So go and like take advantage of it guys. It's a gift that these guys wouldn't give you guys and put in the members area which I'm so grateful for.
 I think you guys are going to love it. So everyone to comment down below that Mike and agent. Oh, thank you so much for hanging out with us today.
 Thank you guys for being part of this and you are amazing. Can we see you guys again soon.
 Alright, see you guys. Okay, everyone again. If you are like on the fence is now is the time we've been going now for like almost three hours. I hope you're half excited.
 I got some more funnel builders are bringing out. But now it's time go to funnel builder.com slash go get started get signed up. You got two easy ways one is go pay go all in.
 It's like just under $10,000 you started or you got a four pay as well. If you want to funnel builder.com slash go all the info is there, which is awesome.
 Alright, we got our next funnel builder here and I shared some of his story during the actual presentation. But I'm excited to have Austin here with me. How are you doing today, man.
 Hey, what's up everybody what's up Russell. So good to see you. So I want to talk about because again, one of the fear people have is like I'm gonna have to learn how to do all sorts like a million different funnels and things like that.
 It's going to be overwhelming confusing. And when we're talking before you told me that at first you were trying to do a whole bunch of stuff and then you just like focused on one funnel type, which changed everything for you. So I'd love to hear kind of like here before and then you zonie and I like challenges becoming your thing.
 Yeah, definitely. First of all, let's get a round of applause for the marketer, the number one marker in the world, putting on this wonderful webinar. Absolutely awesome.
 Russell, I think we need to get the chat going though because there's not a lot of chat going. So where are my funnel hackers at right now hashtag funnel hackers.
 If you are still with us right now hashtag funnel builder. If you guys are super excited about becoming a funnel builder. It's been super rewarding.
 And actually, when I was watching the presentation Russell, I got super inspired about what it really means to me to be a funnel builder. Do you mind if I share that real quick and then we can go into my story.
 Yeah, please do. Okay, so one of the things that I feel like that's true for me with being a funnel builder is it is literally our greatest contribution to other entrepreneurs. It's our greatest opportunity to help other business owners.
 And the way I think about it is it's not just that we're building one funnel for one entrepreneur. We're doing it for their customers. We have no idea what the impact is that we're going to create for their customers for the entrepreneurs that we're helping build these
 channels for. I've heard myron say this and I think it came from a guy named Robert Schuler or something like that but basically he said any fool can count the number of seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples produced by one seed.
 So, think about that for a second. How does that like when it comes to funnel building we have no idea the impact that we are going to create for other people. We have no idea how viral that will be.
 So many ideas from the hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, millions of people going through the funnel ecosystems that we built for our customers for the entrepreneurs who are literally putting their neck out there on the line being vulnerable putting their message out there and we are helping
 them do that right. So, one of the best things like when I wake up out of bed, like being a funnel builder is getting a phone call from one of my customers. And when they call me and they're just like Austin, this challenge or this funnel this funnel ecosystem
 is what you built for our business. Yes, it's making us more revenue. Yes, it's making us it's getting more customers. Yes, it's moving the needle forward. But I had no idea the amount of impact that this would create.
 No idea how many people would hear my message. I had no idea how many people would get results going through this. And that to me right there. It's more than just being a funnel builder. It's about being a game changer. It's about being a change maker. It's about being a rain maker. Right.
 I love that dude. It's so powerful because you think about that like you put this little thing out there and say, Oh, I built a funnel. But then you look at, you know, for years challenge funnels and someone comes in to get 100 or 1000 or 5000 people join a challenge and then the impact that happens on that person's life and then their family's life and like it's, it's pretty, it's pretty special like when you look at it from from that side.
 So I'm glad you brought that in. Yes. Cool. Yeah. So how did you specialize in channel? Yeah. What was the thing that made you like this is the one I'm going to be the come the best in the world at.
 Okay. Yeah. So this is a cool story. And I don't think we've ever really talked much before, but.
 So I've made a lot of mistakes becoming a funnel builder, right? And if there's like just a couple things that I could just like hand people before they all jump off this phone call right now.
 And if I just knew these couple things and actually Russell touched on these in his webinar. I thought it was absolutely fantastic.
 But if I just knew this stuff before I became a funnel builder, I would be way more ahead than what I am now. And here's like my first tip is it okay if like I share with you guys a couple tips on how to be a successful funnel builder.
 All right, cool. All right. So my first tip is, and this is part of my story so I'll share my story along with it is don't be a jack of all funnels, right?
 Or I like to call them a funnel jack wagon. So basically that's somebody that is building anything for anybody. So when I first started my funnel building business, I was all over the place.
 I was building all kinds of different funnels for all types of different customers.
 And I wasn't focused on the impact. I was more focused on, Hey, this is a one time transaction. I just got to build a funnel. Then I'm often the next person, right? Wrong mindset.
 But that's what I was operating at. And there's two big problems operating in that field. Number one, like completely.
 I was undercharging for my services. And number two, I like literally, I would have to reinvent the wheel every single time.
 I got a new client in the door because we were building all types of different funnels for different people right Russell said niche down.
 That's 100% of what you should do right now. Niched down focus on one funnel. I was building webinar funnels. I was building application funnels membership sites.
 I was building a supplement funnel. I was like, you name it. We did it. And when I finally, it was on the two comma club X crews.
 I was about three mojitos deep sitting with this wonderful lady. Her name was Latasha. And I was telling her about these issues I was having in my business. Right.
 And she said to me, she's like, you need to make a decision right now. And you need to decide what you're going to go all in on.
 And people talked about this on the webinar today. And this is something that we all need to take very seriously because I wasted a lot of time and effort not doing this right.
 She told me she was like, the one thing that you need to do is focus on one customer, solve one big problem and have one solution for them.
 And that solution is the funnel. Okay. So when Russell says pick one funnel, pick one funnel. But I also take it further.
 And you also pick a customer and a problem that you're solving with that particular funnel. Right. So, right then and there, we made a decision like 30 minutes into the conversation.
 And we're going back and forth. And she was like, what if you helped coaches who need more customers use challenge funnels and Russell.
 And I was like, no idea what a challenge funnel was when she told me that.
 I'm just like, what, like, what the heck is a challenge funnel I've never built that before. And so right after we got, well, so what happened was, I basically like right there without knowing anything about this.
 And I decided just to go all in and start focusing on one thing focusing on one customer, one problem solving the one solution which is challenge falls. And I was just like, okay.
 So I took my drink took my little toothpick mojito thing I found some old gum and the bar on the bar tab or stool slapped it on top of the bar, put my mojito like toothpick in it.
 And I was just like, I'm going to be the challenge funnel came. And then right there I jumped off that ship. So I didn't jump off the ship but after the cruises over with, I got off the ship.
 And I became a funnel hacker. Everybody say hashtag funnel hacker in the comments right now I became a funnel hacker.
 And I went out and I had to be the expert I had to understand and start learning how how I could use how I could use challenges to help my customers.
 So every time I saw a new challenge, so I purchased the challenge and I started going through it and I started hacking it and looking at it, seeing everything that worked about it.
 And then from there on, and I'll just, I know I don't have a lot of time here but I'll cut my story short here. When I did that.
 My income, and I can't make any income claims because Russell told me not to but I would just say I was charging a couple hundred dollars per funnel to now every time we sell a challenge funnel or a challenge system to a company.
 And for me and my family, I would say about two or three months, just one funnel. One funnel.
 So cool.
 I think that's the key is like figuring out like this is fun on a master and again on inside the certification will give you the training and the strategy and stuff that will give you swine files and everything as much as we can but then for the guys it's like, I'm going to come the best in the world.
 And then if it's a webinar and go join every webinar if it's this like and mastering it to become the best in the world and then when you do that, people come to you like it's if you set up shop like hey I'm the guy who does challenge funnels I'm a person who does this kind of like whatever that is,
 then clients will start coming to you though me be magnetic you drawn because people are looking for these things all day long. They don't know who to trust and hire and if you don't want and then two and three like how many challenge funnels have you done for clients now do you know how many like.
 I have no idea anymore, but you know you just brought something else up and out like one of the other things is to like practice what you preach because when I went all in on challenge funnels and became the expert.
 Like I knew I had to launch my own challenge within 30 days because I wanted to use that ecosystem to get my own customers in the door and you talked about this a little bit on the webinar.
 Like for example guys you don't want to be that fat coach teaching people how to get you know six pack abs like it doesn't make any sense right you want to like if you can it.
 You can't do this for everything but if you can do it and use the same system to put them through exactly like Pedro does actually.
 If you could use the same system put them through and then sell them that thing that's the perfect storm right.
 So if you're going to go all in let's say like fitness coaches and let's say like for fitness coaches you're going to give you're going to help them get more high ticket clients right and you're going to do that with.
 I mean you could do it with all kinds of different funnels put in the comments what kind of funnels you can get high you know high ticket.
 Applications in for fitness coaches but I would assume like webinar funnels challenge funnels like all kinds of things but let's say webinar funnel right you best be using a webinar funnel to get those fitness clients in the door.
 And then sell them a high ticket program to build out their webinar.
 So you just should practice what you preach.
 Is it in the Amish site like right. Are you book funnels cause I like books and then everyone in the dog every famous author in the world is mess to make.
 Who is the book funnel? Who is the book funnel? It's like okay.
 I get to know the cool people same thing.
 They're like everyone wants your challenge.
 They go through your challenge and then yeah they want to challenge funnel such good stuff man.
 That's awesome.
 Thank you so much for sharing your story and for being part of it.
 Thanks for having me.
 For anyone who's like sitting here thinking like this is going to work for me or not like what would you tell them to kind of like push them over the edge.
 Oh my gosh. Okay. So funnel building no matter what you guys decide to do.
 This is a skill that you can use literally everywhere for any type of business.
 Right. It's never going to go away. So 100% you should totally do it.
 And there's so many ways to make money from this. I'm going to tell you guys like we do build challenges on the front end, but we have long term relationships with clients where we're building them other types of files too.
 Like we're building like some other webinars and other things like that.
 So it's like a stem like we start with the challenge. That's all we do for anybody that comes in.
 But then like we make a bunch of money on the back end.
 Yeah. So cool man.
 Well proud of you. Glad that you're like it's fun watching you kill it watching everything you're successful all the years with everything and just a perfect example of like picking a mark picking up funnel, focusing on it, becoming the best world at it and then bringing in clients like crazy and serving them.
 So thanks so much for being here. Everyone that awesome. No, thank you so much down in the comments for hanging out with us today.
 And hope you guys enjoyed all the different funnel builders so much fun like sharing cake once again.
 If you haven't yet, you're waiting like what should I do? Like it's time to go to funnel builders.com slash go and get started and hang out.
 All right. My next guest today is Ben Moon. Ben. How are you doing today?
 I'm doing good. How are you doing? Can you hear me? We can hear you? Yes. Very good.
 All right. I want to share your story during the webinar about this thing where you because those little Ben Ben's mark community for a long time.
 He was actually when we first launched the first certified partner program way back in the day. He was one that helped this coach and train and everything of that.
 And then after that we kind of we closed the doors on that the certification back in the day. You went out there and you started doing this as a profession right.
 And what I think was so unique that you were doing so cool is that you would go and you're like me.
 I think me and you were probably the two biggest funnel hackers in the world. We love it like go funnel hacking and look at all this stuff.
 And so you started doing that as a service like making proposals from and getting clients and I love you just kind of explain that.
 I know I shared it in the webinar a little bit, but from your standpoint, let me explain what you're doing and how it all works because it's such a key piece.
 I want people to understand.
 Okay. So first off, a lot of you guys, you're in the comments.
 Say hello. How's it going? There's something really interesting. Those of you who are staying your die hearts and you're interested.
 And I want you to hear this because this is really important. It's not so much.
 There's so much but hey, how's it going guys? There is so much potential energy inside of you.
 There's so much potential to give. If you allow yourself to believe in yourself the way we believe.
 There is so much that you can do. Allow yourself to do that. There's.
 I stay always in the ClickFunnels world for forever. Like I was here right before ClickFunnels 1.0 came out. I got to have super beta access to 1.0.
 Now I get access to 2.0 and I'm super stoked about it. But with 1.0, like I realized what was possible and I went deep and went crazy.
 And it took a while for me to say, now what am I going to do with this? Like, I don't have a business idea that I want to do.
 There's nothing I'm super passionate about. I don't feel the calling.
 So what do I do? And I discovered that I was speaking to everybody and they would talk about their story.
 What it is that they thought they were called to do? I could latch onto that and say, oh my gosh, I feel your passion. I feel your fire.
 And I can help. Click on it. I can help with that. I can absolutely jump in and make a difference.
 So I did that for years and years and years. We built well over 100 funnels, just getting people to that place.
 And what I saw is that everybody would start to get success with the funnel and then it would start to slip and they were really concerned.
 I was like, you know what? What is a better way to do this?
 And so I went back through all the training that Russell had ever done and went kind of crazy.
 I went to the original Funnel Hacks webinar where he sold the Quick Follows for the very first time in the webinar.
 And he taught the process you guys all heard today. It's simply go and find what's working, model it, and then drive traffic to it.
 With the tools you get inside of here, you're able to do just that. I use those tools every single day. It's the lifeblood.
 So I discovered it because I wanted to help my customers better. And what's magical is a lot of us are like, you know, I'm not sure if I'm going to build a funnel that works.
 I'm not sure if it's going to work right. The easiest way to get a funnel that works is to funnel hack it.
 Ethically go find the traffic that's working, which you get the tool for.
 Find the traffic. Number two, go and model it out for the customer.
 And I did it for free at first. And then people's brains were literally exploding. They were so excited. Holy cow. That is the most amazing thing that I've learned.
 Like, how did you share that? Like, where did you learn this? Like, how does it all work? And I'm like, well, this is how it works for you because of these four different things that I went and researched.
 And these are the people that are doing it. This is how. And they're like, you need to charge for this.
 And that's how it all happened. It all came about because of that. So now when somebody comes to me, I'm like, well, we need to do a funnel hack first.
 Like, done. Absolutely. That sounds like that. And if they're unsure, the way that I do this, if you guys are looking to figure this out, okay, the way that I pitch a funnel hack is somebody will come to me and say, I'm looking for a funnel build.
 I'm kind of interested. I'm not quite sure what I want to do. And I'll say, all right, here's the deal. How much do you know about your niche right now? How much do you know about it?
 Have you how much research have you done into files that work inside of your niche? And they're usually like, well, I googled it.
 And I'm like, okay, sweetheart, we got to help you. I'm in the south right now. So it's just, uh, sweetheart and bless you all over the place.
 So the thing that's really helpful is you get to then help them number one, find what's working. But number two, as much as you can be a specialist inside of a funnel.
 The easiest way to become a specialist in something else is to funnel hack like Austin Ford talked about. Go and find everything that's working deep dive in it. Go crazy.
 Print out the webinars. Go through it. Have fun. F
 you ever wanted that from a customer who's like, my gosh, you're the person that I have to work with. This is your key. This is the foot in the door. It works every single time. Well, think about that. You go through and you funnel hacks. You're like, here's all the ad sources. Here's the traffic. Here's the funnel. So you give it to them. And they're like, you know, my business better than I do at this point. And you're like, cool. So you can take this and go hire another funnel builder. I can do it if you want. They're like, of course, I'm gonna give you. And that's if you guys, I talked about earlier, I asked Ben yesterday, I was like, what percentage people that you did the paid funnel hack for paid for funnel.
 He's like 80% of my grille. He's like, no, that's not true. It's actually 100%. But I feel bad. Like no one's gonna believe that. Like, okay. No. Yes. Yes. Yes. So cool. But the power, the process is awesome. And I think it's so cool. And just so you guys know, Ben's been working a lot closer with me on a whole bunch of stuff. He's going to be a lot of training inside the funnel builders certification program on this process and how it works and give you guys deep understanding exactly how to do it, how to execute, how to do the funnel hacks, all that kind of stuff. And so he'll be around helping as well. And so.
 It's gonna be, it's gonna be awesome. I appreciate you, Ben, jumping on. Any last words for everyone who's listening, who's like still on the fence? Like, what would you do to push them over?
 If you're on the fence, more than likely at this point, you're sitting down thinking, this sounds great, but I really don't know if it's for me. I don't know if I can make this work.
 From being around with certification program 1.0 and seeing certification programs that have been all throughout the Internet, there is nothing that's going to help you get on the bike and help you move forward and help you get there step by step like this program.
 There's nothing out there like it. So if you're leaving this on the table, just realize anywhere you go, it's going to be a lower grade opportunity.
 This is, this is the king ticket.
 Well, thank you so much for being on. And hopefully you guys, yeah, dear love working, Ben on some of these things that are working, that work so good and just grateful for you, man, for all the work you're doing and helping everybody out in the front of the others.
 So awesome, awesome. All right, everyone, let Ben know. Thank you so much on the comments down below. And then we've been going now. We've been going for three and a half hours. I think I have one, one or two more guests to bring on one or two more funnel builders.
 But before we do, again, if you're on the fence, just waiting again, now is the time go to funnel builder.com/go. You start to be part of the certification program.
 And next up we have, this is the funnel builder. I'm going to nickname you. This is the, he's becoming like the celebrity funnel builder. He's been building funnels for me in the background. He's been doing it for Tony Robbins. He's been doing it for other people.
 He's amazing designer, amazing funnel builder, amazing guy. He's also been working behind the scenes on like actual designs for Cliff Funnels 2.0. Some of the templates you guys will have are coming from his mind.
 But our next guest that want to bring out is Gusion. How you doing, man?
 Well, I was doing great, but now you're making me nervous for an intro. My scoot to be here is 2/30 almost. I am here in Finland, but it's good to be here.
 Oh, thanks for staying up late and hanging out with us. I really, really appreciate it. So I love my pleasure. It's fun.
 How did you get into this whole funnel building where like, well, I don't even know the original story. I know it's kind of the other side where everyone, like, for me, like, we give you tons of projects. Other people were like, I need someone who's the best. Who would you go to?
 And I always send him to you. I had Frank Kern yesterday message me. I'm like, he's the best. He's like, you're journey in this world.
 Yeah. So there's a lot of people who get into this business to make a lot of money, which is good. Like, that's all cool.
 I get into this business because I'm a family man. I have two kids and a beautiful wife, and I just wanted to build a business so I can be with them.
 And like I said, it's 2.30 a.m. I'm working from home in my home office, and I literally put them to sleep. I went to this webinar and here we are. So that's kind of why I do this. But how I got into this is pretty interesting.
 I was making 400 a month as a receptionist and I had 15 different jobs at the age of 21 literally trying everything jumping from job to job. And people said, like, why don't you just like settle, like, just be grateful. Like, not every job is going to be fun.
 But I was like, but I want to have fun. Like, it shouldn't feel like a job. It shouldn't be fun.
 And so I remember thinking, like, looking at the marketplace and I was like, what's the best opportunity right now? And I didn't know funnels at the time. Like, I'm in Finland. Like, nobody was talking about funnels.
 And so I was looking at businesses going online. So at the time it was like social media, right? Like, everyone was doing like the old school traditional paper ads.
 I was like, why don't you use Facebook and they're like, oh, you can run ads on Facebook. And so that's the first thing I did.
 And it worked well. I got a bunch of clients. But mostly what we got them was traffic. We got them views, right? And we sent traffic to their ugly brochures websites.
 So the next step then was like, okay, let me optimize your website in WordPress. Right? And then that's all. Then we got leads. But it was like, we're not really able to track the monetization.
 And then I saw this book, right? And then you start, you know, you started following me around on the internet.
 And so I bought the book and then I wanted to invest into a course to learn more. And I remember it was pretty embarrassing. I have two younger brothers.
 And I reached out to them because I was making 400 month with chat to go to rent and everything, even though I bought books for it. I reached out to my brothers and I was like, hey, can I borrow some money to invest in this course? And they're like, yeah, sure, like we believe in you.
 So thankfully they did and I invested into a program and one of the mindsets or principles that I always go by is like, who's doing what I want to do.
 And then how can I pay them to get closer to them and learn from them? Because I'm not a big fan of like college. Some people like it. I, you know, I don't like I dropped out of college actually.
 And, you know, ever since I learned those, like, I've been able to 10x my growth and literally everything in fun. I was like, copy offers, design automation by just like following what other people are doing.
 So it's so cool. So what was the very first client you took on to actually build a funnel for him after you started learning this stuff?
 Yeah, it was a, it was a competition. So I went into a community on Facebook where they talked about funnels and was just curious and they said, like, I'm looking to find a funnel builder.
 And we were three people and he's like, I'll pick the best one. So I was like, okay, so let me like I'm very competitive. I was into soccer and sports. So I was like, like, I want to beat them.
 And I'm still the same person today. I want to be the best. So it was three people. We built a funnel. We sent it over to this person. It was actually in your inner circle.
 And so once I, you know, I beat those two other people, then he ended up paying me for the next funnel. And then I ended up getting his network.
 That's like he referred people. I paid him a small car, which is what actually one of the seven ways that, you know, I'm happy to share if you want the seven ways to get clients that I do.
 But ever since then it's been like a combination of like putting myself out there to get more clients. So when I have a project, I presented beautifully.
 I posted on my profile. So I have a very like simple business, simple portfolios, simple profile. I put up my funnels. It's actually how you reach out to me as well. If you remember on Facebook that you saw a funnel and you reach out to me.
 So that's how I got my first one. And then I've been just focused on like serving and you've talked about a lot of other people here have talked about like serving people. And remember making this post once like, Hey, my goal is to build a thousand funnels.
 I don't know. I don't care how long it's gonna take. And Tony Robbins actually is funny that he's not a client, but he, I remember he saying it was saying something about like most people under a student what they can do in a decade.
 And overestimate what they can do in a year or something like that. Probably butchering, but like the mindset of like, Hey, if I build a thousand funnels in the next three to five years, then will I ever struggle to get clients and probably not.
 Because most people will like be distracted by everything that's going on. And they won't focus on the number one key they should be focused on, which is their skills.
 I don't know we've talked about that a lot today, but that's been my mindset and it's worked. It's worked. I'm working with you. So it's worked.
 So I love because again, for some people like that'd be a dream like to work these amazing clients and people you looked up to who are some of the people you've had a chance to work with because of the skills that you've learned.
 Yeah. Well, so you and click funnels and magnetic marketing and then Kennedy and that brand and then also like Robert Kiyosaki Tony Robbins, like some people who are on here as speakers as well. And so a lot of big clients like Anthony Adrian Morrison,
 Krista Mayshore, like a lot of people who are into comma club and even like bigger awards than that. But yeah, I don't, I'll treat every client the same I charge every client the same because my mindset is still like, how can I just become better all the time.
 Because then again, if I focus on becoming better and serving then it doesn't really matter who I'm working with, even though I love working with like dream clients.
 But it's the fact that I'm always thinking like long term instead of like how can I make a quick buck. Right. I'm thinking about my kids, my wife.
 And if there's a recession or inflation like as long as I try to become better every single day, just focus on one project at a time.
 Right. Then I know everything is going to take care of itself. It could be my faith as well, just like a childish faith of like everything is going to work out as long as I do my part. That's what I believe.
 So cool. Well, I know it's late for you and I'm tired to have been going for a long time. I like anyone who's like thinking like now would this be like, should this be the career I go into right.
 We all have these opportunities like go to college, go to school, we can like move. Yeah. Just as a career as a lifestyle like, anyone to help you well like how this has been has affected your life. I'd love to hear that.
 Well, so I told you my number one goal is to have fun, but then the second part is obviously to provide for my family. So what I've been able to do with funnels is it started with like building funnels and then I started earning affiliate commissions because people needed funnels.
 And then people start asking for one to one help. So like I've built, let's call it 10 mini businesses within funnels. 10 I calculated them actually. And it's like, people need help. Once you learn the skills, there's so many ways that you can serve clients.
 And so the last thing that would say is like, if someone is on the fence, I would ask like, who's like, it's Russell Brunson like, if you're not learning from Russell Brunson, like, it's the best person that I could imagine learning from. And so I highly recommend it.
 Oh, it's awesome. Thank you so much for jumping on. I appreciate you. I know super late for a grateful you stayed up and share your love had fun. I'm sorry for my voice. No, I'm a little bit sick still, but no, this was great.
 No worries. You're awesome, man. Thanks for all you do. It's so much for watching you and your journey and you're awesome. So everyone that's down the chat. Let's go. So much. Thank you for for jumping on and hanging out with us tonight.
 All right, I think I believe we got one more, right? Last person. And again, call the action before we go again. Those who sit on the fence, you guys, we're almost done. We're going to go pass out. I'm tired. You're tired. But for those who are still here who are waiting, like trying to side, like, take the leap of faith. Again, there's a 30 day money back guarantee. You can jump in. You can test it out. You can try it. Have some fun. If it doesn't work, let us know. Give money back. But man, you guys have the option to jump in and try this process.
 I told you the funnel up trainings in there right now. You can jump in there, go start going through that and sell some fun clubs this weekend. Like the process is done. It's ready for you guys. You just got to jump in there and follow the process. It's been proven. It works and it can work for you as well. All right. So I think are you are last one, Kevin? I think you're our last guess.
 I am. Yeah. Absolutely. I'm going to last. Very cool. So Kevin, I told you're stored during the webinar, which I think was really cool. But one of the fun types you specialized in has been product launch funnels.
 And I think the stat we had is after you did your first one, you did 32 over the next two years. But I love to know just a couple of things like, like, how did you get started and then how did you get clients like that many clients in that window of time? Like, how did you go through that?
 Because you went from like entering this world, like blowing up in this world. How did you do that?
 Yeah. It actually just honestly, I didn't have a program like this to kind of show me the ropes or anything. So I just attended my first event and just heard about the opportunity.
 And just became obsessed with it. Like, you know, you talk about it when someone starts talking about funnels or just a piece of funnel and they were giving the background of how you could actually do this.
 It was just blowing my mind. But I was looking around and you say the same thing, right? I was looking around. I'm like, why is no one else freaking out? Like, we get to do like this works. We could do this.
 And it all made perfect sense in my head. But I was, I was a how, like I'm the how type of person. And the room was full with the wow type of people.
 And I could see it in their eyes. Like, they're just like, they, what they wanted was the result. And what I wanted was to the process. So I honestly just started talking to a couple of them just by accident.
 And one of them happened to be Shaleen Johnson. So I don't know if anyone knows her, but very like literally we're, I was sitting next to her and was kind of in her same world.
 And she's like, Oh, what do you do? I like, well, I do tech. So I just said, well, I could do this for you. And that kind of started it. And I didn't know what I was doing. I just said, yes. She said, can you do this? I was like, yes, I didn't know how to do it. There wasn't a program like this to teach me how to do it.
 I just committed. And from that point forward, that's all I did. I just said, yes. So anytime I met a person that was a wow that was at an event that said, you know, I want to do this. I was like, I can help you. I can help you.
 And the first three or four were rough. And I was learning along the way. And I over committed and under delivered for the first couple of ones of them.
 For sure. But then I got a system in a program and just kind of got it got to be a rhythm. And I learned like how to find the right customers and I got better at it and got easier. And then I started bringing on a team.
 And then I was able to like employ other people and like my sister joined the company and she needed a job. And I was able to provide her that my best friend became my sales guy and just that easier and easier and easier.
 So, so cool.
 Essentially, because like when you were doing this back in the day to it wasn't you didn't have a ClickFunnels or something like you were doing all custom.
 Like it was way harder back then. And you still weren't able to figure it out. Like can you imagine nowadays having the tools and stuff. So it's not just, you know, you can do it faster.
 You can clone things. You can make things a lot quicker than than the first. It's almost cheating. It's not fair.
 That's interesting. Think about like we talk about mastering a funnel type and inside the certification program we teach you the funnel type and then we give you like here's a dozen templates of that funnel type.
 So like you're going to be good. Just take it. And then it's like switch out the branding logos and copy and then like connect everything and then you're done.
 Like it's not like back in the day where you're an HTML learning front page or dream we were like how to hack a page together. Right.
 So these are nowadays. Yeah, the two AM days of like waiting for a video to upload or gone.
 It's easier. What would you say for people who are sitting there like God.
 If I do this like they're freaked out. I think a lot of people obviously they're nervous. It's like the money at 10,000 hours seems like a lot of money and it is.
 But like helping understand just like one funnel build can pay for that or more that you know like it's not so far where you sometimes we go to five years of college and we have, you know, X amount of debt and then we can take us 30 years to pay that money.
 I think the return can be really, really quickly when you understand it. Right.
 Yeah, for sure. I think the biggest thing that I would tell people is, you know, if you have the opportunity, I don't know how to explain it best.
 Like the short version is this is the type of thing that once you commit to and you learn the process, this gives you permission, but it also gives you a way to learn along the way.
 So you might have a dream like maybe you are a wow, like maybe you are a wow person. You have a dream of a business you want to run or something you want to do in the future and you want to be bigger things.
 This is a great way to get your foot in that for in that door. Right. And do it a way that you're learning along the way just like I did you're just saying yes right you're helping other people.
 You become an expert so maybe your in goal isn't to run an agency. Maybe you're in goals to launch your own business. But this is the way to learn.
 And even what you said like opening doors. You know, the people I started with, you know, I said to you when I was looking through the first list of the first 32 people.
 I mean, honestly, I don't even remember some of these names at some point. Like I felt bad, but it's like the doors it's open for me. I mean, now just having a chance to work with the people I've had to work with over the last 10 years is unbelievable.
 So there's no nothing more powerful to people than being in this space and there's nothing people need more than people that can build tunnels.
 So awesome. Thank you, man. So much for jumping on here. And I said, for everyone who's watching this, like Kevin's done every like all the fun abilities you've had a chance to meet over the last hour and a half or so we've been going.
 This is a career is the lifestyle something you can do and you can do with cool people. You have fun. You can make money. Like, it's just the perfect career which we talked about. So thank you Kevin so much for hanging out.
 Appreciate it, man.
 All right, guys. Well, team, can you throw slides back up my team or do I need to throw them up? I just want to like go through the offer stack one last time and maybe with maybe everyone can see the slides. I'm assuming you probably can. So I'm going to move this here and then I'm going to go through.
 So just one last recap you guys. And I'm going to go pass out because I've been going for three hours, three and a half hours. I'm probably more tired than all you guys. I'm sure you guys are as well. So I'm going to wrap this up.
 I'm going to go through. Well, last time what you're going to get inside the funnel bill certification program again. First thing you're going to get is the funnel builder secrets training. This is going to be all the training all the core funnels you got to understand the psychology and the method and the strategy and the tactics and how to build and click funnels and all those kind of things.
 That's the first thing. Second thing is you get the funnel bill certification program. So any funnel you want to you can get certified be able to have the badge that shows that you're actually certified. You know how to do it.
 You can have access to the funnel huddles which means you have an entire team of funnel builders like you who can all give you your teaks and feedback on the funnels you're working on, which is insanely priceless right there.
 Again, you're never going to be alone again. You got a team of people who are in the same career industry business you all networking together. Number three, you can get the agency accounts to gear you can get the agency to click funnels agency account to funnel scripts who tongue time.
 And you're also going to get premium premium listings inside the funnel builder marketplace total value of $37,985. But on top of that, it's not just that either you guys because there's more I told you there's always an advertised bonus is a whole bunch of like the funnel hub launch pad that Mike and
 Ajay builder will be selling later as a course we put it in there as well so you can go through that train tonight if you want to like how do I build a funnel and how do I sell a funnel bike it's in there.
 There's other bonuses other things there's a lot of really cool things happening this is just kind of a highlight of the core things to heat you guys up and running and having success.
 This is a program that we're not leaving you alone we're going to be here hoping you have success to figure out the strategies how to build funnels how to drive traffic all the kind of stuffs going to be happening here inside the members area.
 And this is literally the beginning of the future for you guys it's the beginning of your next career as a funnel builder and you had a chance to hear from like a dozen different people who this is their full time career they're funnel builders.
 And you understand like it's a great income opportunity it's an amazing thing it's fun it's exciting especially times of recession and inflation all these crazy things it gives you a billion order skill set that this can chill in going up in value.
 A billion like associate entire self the businesses they're having success during these crazy times like it helps protect you from all these crazy things and again to get started.
 All you got to do and pull the site again if you go to funnel builder.com slash goes where you get started.
 Get it's one payment of $9,997 basically $10,000 or you can break up a four payments to print $9,929, there's a 30 day money back guarantee so you have nothing to lose other than you know something that's been holding you back.
 You have a chance to jump in there and have some fun.
 If that said you guys thanks so much for hanging out for the last three or four hours the TV screen behind me this bell sleep which means it's time for me to go to sleep and you guys to go sleep.
 Gustin is like three in the morning from time for him to go to bed but they get so much for spending time with us I hope you enjoyed it hope you learned a lot.
 Hopefully you understand this new opportunity.
 So excited for all you guys to do a advantage and jumped in.
 We're grateful for you guys and can I wait to serve you to certify you to help you give you the skill set and the training you guys need to be able to write your own paycheck for the rest of your life so you can write your own sleep like the Beatles did.
 You can have the same kind of opportunity as well. Thank you guys again so much for being here.
 I appreciate you I'm grateful for you. I hope you enjoy the time and I will see you guys all inside the certified funnel builders members area again well that's called action go to funnel builder.com/go get started.
 Thank you guys so much for hanging out. I appreciate you and we'll see you guys all inside the members area.
 Thanks everybody.
 Bye.
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast. If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook, Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future.
 That'll help me to know what to create for you.
 Also Dan Kandy and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever.
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time.
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe.
 You can get this gift from Dan and from me right now at nobsletter.com. Not only you can get the $20,000 gift you also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters that will be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month.
 One from Dan Kennedy and one from me.
 To get this gift and your subscription go to nobsletter.com right now.
 (upbeat music)
