 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome you to the marketing seekers podcast
 I'm gonna be talking about fun life in life. So for those of you guys who were there it was amazing
 I'm gonna recap some of those who weren't there. I'm gonna talk about what you missed and
 That's the game plan for today
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everybody
 So I can't believe it's over but I can't lie. It's done like it is insane how much
 Went into that how much stress and time and energy and effort and then it's done
 Just as fast as it comes it's over and it's it's crazy
 And I was gonna record a podcast like I stayed one day late
 I was gonna record a podcast while I'm sitting in the hotel room and then I was just beat and I didn't and I was like
 I'm gonna get home and I haven't and spend like over a week now and
 I'm finally having some time sit down and think okay
 I'm gonna want to talk about this and so I want to kind of share it with you guys
 So for those of you guys who were there, you know, it it was it was amazing
 We did it in in Nashville and we're also by the way gonna be Nashville next year
 Which is really really cool. So if you haven't got your ticket check go to funnel hacking live calm and get them
 But we're going back to Nashville and it's cool because it's the place we stayed at the Gaylord
 The operating on Gaylord, whatever they call I don't know
 It's like this village like the whole thing is in this huge dome and it's like 22 restaurants
 There's all these things and so all of our funnel hackers were there and what's cool this year
 We did is we actually we paid extra for our signage
 So we like we had the whole thing wrapped in click funnel stuff like my face was everywhere
 It's kind of embarrassing like on the boats
 There's like a boat right you can drive through the canals and like my faces on the boats and like funnel hacker signs
 ever big old science had fun
 You know welcome funnel hackers and like it just made it feel like you were in this like little click funnels community or village or something
 Like that it was so so cool
 It was cool is because we're going the same place next year
 We already have all the signs done
 So we're gonna put those up plus more and make it even bigger and better next year if that's possible
 But it was cool because just very giggle you felt like you came to like click funnels land or like you know
 Disney land you go and you stay different places
 Which made the experience just so so cool and I did a podcast like a probably two years ago a year and a half ago about about creating a world
 I talked about after the Disney after probably a year ago then after Disney how Disney didn't just create characters
 But created a universe and it's like it's kind of fun because inside of our community we're doing the same things like there's characters
 Right, there's all these people you guys know we created this universe and it was it was special
 All right, so i'm gonna walk you think i'm gonna kind of go day by day and just talk about some of the stuff and it's it's tough because there's
 I feel like i'm doing disservice. I want to like give everyone's presentation to you again so you can hear it
 Unfortunately, we can't do that but i'm kind of go through that so you guys can kind of just hear some of the big lessons big takeaways
 that we that I had as a whole so
 basically
 The first night the night before the whole craziness happens. We do a big a big event. We do a big dinner with the inner circle
 And people who had actually wanted to come a club
 No, excuse me it was just inner circle and and our speakers took it out to the rock and roll hall other than not rock and roll the country music hall of fame
 Which was so cool and we saw the gold records on the wall
 We should look just like click funnels to come up records only not as cool
 Because we've got commons and ours and they don't but it was really cool to see all that and then
 We had a big dinner and we had
 Some some country singers coming to sing to us which was just like kicked off the whole the whole event the whole everything
 Which was really cool and then from there we we drove over to the
 the Blake Shelton's
 Old red restaurant we went over there and then we had the inner circle there two comic club then two comic club x members were there
 Two comic club winners were there eight figure world winners there and it was a huge party with a live band
 And we just hung out and well honest that took pictures for like three hours of people
 But everyone else hung out and just had fun and danced in such a good time
 And I was like the pre-frame of how the whole event started so then the next day was Wednesday woke up
 We had a registration in the morning and we don't start till noon because it gives us time to get everyone checked in and processed
 and all that kind of stuff
 And we were walking in the room and it like oh it looks so cool. The stage was amazing. The room was huge
 We had just shy of like 4,500 people who who came
 Which 4,500 people in our community are crazy
 It's funny because like the week after our event or the day after there was another probably the the other big event in our industry
 And I'm not gonna talk about that specifically other than just like people that went to both of them
 They were just like now the energy in your room is insane like when people come in they
 They sprint to the front end which running it like piling in finding seats the energy is high like
 Like it's just it's like a rock concert from the second it starts till the the last day and nobody stays in the halls
 Like it's crazy the last day we're four days in and looking out and like the room is still completely filled and um everyone's like
 There's no one in the hall just networking like yeah, this like there's networking that happens
 But it's not like a networking event. It's like a learning and networking event, you know what I mean?
 So it's uh, it's cool. Anyway, we opened the door if you'll run in
 And uh it was fun. I had my mom and my dad there so they were still in front row and I gave my very first presentation
 Which was all hook story offer and we actually streamed that one live
 I wanted people to see what they're missing out on caused a little fomo marketing secret 107. I don't know creating fomo
 So we actually streamed my presentation live which was in the facebook group
 And I think i'm gonna be putting that here in the podcast you can hear it
 But I was really really proud of it's called hook story offer and then how that relates to the perfect webinar and how you you know
 Stuff like that and it was fun because I did the whole thing we brought taught on stage
 We talked about the click funnel state the union
 We talked about the updates and then I went deep into hook story offer and just taught it and
 It's funny because my mom has never seen me speak from stage ever and afterwards
 She's like, you're really good on stage. You're funny and you tell stories so well and all the stuff like yeah, mom
 So I've been doing for the last 15 years of my life. It was just kind of fun to have her there and have her experience it
 Um, so anyway, I'm not gonna go too deep into that because you'll hear that presentation here
 Hopefully in the next couple episodes, which would be really fun and I got done
 I talked about hook story offers how you grab a customer you bring them into your world
 But then after you get them in your world, then you've got to serve them like crazy
 So the next person I wanted to have speak with Stacy Martino and Stacy runs
 Companies they've helped save over 10,000 marriages her and her husband Paul and they're some of my favorite people I've ever met
 and um, they don't teach marketing they they teach relationship stuff, right?
 But they're amazing marketers and they had like a 91 percent re-appraid on the renewal rate on their 14,000
 All right, so I was like, I'm gonna talk about the first person I was in, I was like, oh,
 I'm gonna talk about the first person I was in, I was like, oh, I'm gonna talk about the first person I was in, I was like, oh,
 I'm gonna talk about the first person I was in, I was like, oh, I'm gonna talk about the first person I was in, I was like, oh,
 I'm gonna talk about the first person I was in, I was like, oh, I'm gonna talk about the first person I was in, I was like, oh,
 And honestly it was, as the person who wrote the chapter in Docom Secrets about the value ladder, I was like, she came off stage, I gave her a hug, I'm like, you taught the value ladder better than I teach it,
 Which is actually fun for me because I'm actually going back right now and rewriting Docom, not rewriting, I'm updating
 Docom Secrets and Expert Secrets for some really cool new things I wanted just to, to plug in there and I'm gonna be using some of the stuff she taught
 on the customer, the Elberg Road in that section because I think it was so powerful the way she taught it and how
 your customers that want to come to us anyway, it's you serving them and helping them along that journey and helping them get there, which is really cool.
 So after Stacy came off, then I was like, okay, now some people don't even know how to crane offer, how they do it, and so
 I had Stephen Larson come in and
 he belongs on stage, he just, he's good at it, he loves it, you can tell, and he came and talked about
 offer creation, but you know, offer creation, you know, he does a three day event on offer creation, so you can go deep, but specifically I want to talk about, it's like Red Ocean, Blue Ocean, if you've read
 the Expert Secrets book, I talk about how like, you got to find the Red Ocean, you got to create your own Blue Ocean, a lot of people got stuck and confused on that whole process and what Stephen talked about, it's like, most people focus on like trying to build a Blue Ocean, but it's like, no, you go and you study the Red Ocean, and that gives you all the answers of how you can then create your Blue Ocean, and I think it was really, really powerful presentation
 to help people understand that because if you really want to be a category king and you really want to like, you know, dominate your market, you can't just be fishing in the same red, bloody waters, everyone else is in the same offer, it's like you have to create something unique and different and new, when you do that, that's how you create a Blue Ocean, and, but the, like, how you create the Blue Ocean as you study the Red Ocean, and he talked really deep about that, which was awesome, then after Stephen got done, then I had Alex sharphin get up, and I had Alex get up because
 one of the inner circle means, I think I did a podcast about, he talked about defending and advocating for your customer, and, oh man, when he shared that, I was like, I want a presentation on that, so he came and gave an amazing presentation about that, which was interesting because, you know, all was talking about like, how do we build a following, how do we build a movement, how do we all these people into our world, and, and, and the biggest thing is like, you have to, first off figure out who your customer is, you gotta be obsessed with them and love them, and then you step back and, and like, your content you're putting out there is defending and advocating for them.
 That's what causes attraction, because like, every customer base feels like they're different, feels like they're, they're weird for some reason, right? And so if you come in and defend, defend them and advocate for them is what gets them to be attracted to you. And I think of all people I've ever seen this with entrepreneurs, Alex has done this the best, right? He has his book, Entrepreneur Personality Type and his podcast Momentum, and you listen to the intro of the Momentum podcast, it's like all about like, defending and advocating for your customers so they come to you, they're attracted to you.
 And I think it's so fascinating, just that whole study, like you could write books on just that concept, it was fun to have Alex sharing that, like how do you defend and advocate for your customers so they are attracted to you?
 So if you guys ask that question, like how do I defend and advocate for a customer? All the content I'm putting out should be focusing on that.
 After that, then I had Nicholas and Amanda Bairley come up, which they joined in a circle last year, so I first, I met them in person was less than a year ago, and I just love them as a couple and as business owners and as people.
 And one thing, like, when you hear Nicholas speak, he speaks poetry almost, like he says these things, you're like, where did that come from?
 And the person was circling me and he said something, he said, your mess becomes your message.
 And I was like, oh my gosh, like, that's so powerful, right? Like, I was struggled with marketing, so I studied and geeked out and like my mess, I was bad at became my message, right?
 Like Stacy Martino with the relationship stuff, right?
 She was about to go through this breakup with her with Paul and it was a horrible thing, and then she fixed that.
 So her mess became her message, now they've saved over 10,000 marriages, right?
 And I could go through this with all these, Alex, but even with everyone who spoke, like, that's a common theme.
 Like, you fight, you rise, your mess becomes your message.
 And so they talked about that, but then I also had Nick's wife and Amanda come up because then part of it's like, okay, you're in this relationship with this person you love and you're trying to like change the world and your mess becomes your message.
 But like, how do you, how do you navigate that as a couple as well, which I think was a really unique presentation that so cool.
 Ah, so cool. I remember one of the things he said on stage was like, I need to take a second for the most important thing, and he gave his wife a kiss on stage.
 And I was like, ah, so cool. Like, anyway, theirs was amazing.
 And then after Nick and Matt had Matt Maddox come up, and so he has made out no Matt.
 I love him. He is. A lot of you probably heard of Caleb Maddox. Caleb spoke at the second funnel Hockey Live and at the time, I think he was 15 years old and was killing online.
 And I had a chance before that to have Matt and Caleb fly out to Boise and spend time with him.
 And I just really connected with Matt and a really personal level.
 Like, I want to be a good dad, I want to be a good father, but it's hard, especially with business life and all these things.
 And I watched how Matt worked with Caleb and just, ah, like, I was like, not, not only envy or jealousy is the right word, but like admiration.
 Like, I just, well, I was like, man, I wish I could do that better. I wish I could do what he did.
 And just some of the like little nuggets I got from him back a couple of years ago was like, he, you know, one of the kids were like getting paid to do chores.
 He was like, I'd rather Matt, I'd rather Caleb go and read books like personal development, success books.
 We started paying Caleb to read personal development books and paid 20 bucks for a success book he read.
 So I started with my kids. It's like, now they're reading books that are putting good stuff into their brain.
 Like, that's way better than like go learn how to like weed the garden. Like, that's important, right?
 But it's like, what's going to help serve them long term? Like them understanding good personal development tactics or then we need a garden, right?
 Like, um, and so it's, it was interesting. So I had him come to speak like, how do you raise young entrepreneur?
 How do you support them? How do you serve them? And, um, and he came on stage with typical mathematics energy and was insane.
 Like, he came off pouring sweat. Um, and it was like, ah, I just, I'd love like, it is so cool this year.
 All the speakers, like, I was nervous about some because somebody had never seen speak on stage before things like that.
 And it was like, every single person came and just like nailed the landing, like nailed their, their presentation at such a high level.
 It was, it was, ah, it was so cool. Then after that, then, uh, Todd and I came back on stage and we brought Stu and Amy McLaren up.
 And it's one of my favorite people in the world. And we showed a video from us taking a bunch of funnel hackers to Kenya.
 We went, we took a like 20 funnel hackers to Kenya last year. So we showed the video about that.
 And then some of you has no inside of ClickFunnels. We donate $1 for every funnel that's built to village impact,
 which builds schools in Kenya and things like that. So we gave Stu and Amy a huge check, not a little check, a huge check.
 It's like eight foot long by like five feet wide. I did it because Stu always like videos himself on Instagram taking the check back home.
 And so I gave him the biggest check ever. I feel bad because like he wasn't going home. He's going to California and then somewhere else.
 And, but he filmed himself checking the check because it was too big to like carry on.
 And it made it back to, to Toronto, to Canada, which is amazing.
 We gave them this huge check for like $133,000 for village impact, which was cool.
 And then after that then we had Tim Ballard come out and we showed the preview for the new OUR video, which is called Operation Triple Take.
 So we showed the preview for that. And then I made an offer for people to to to OUR.
 And over the weekend we ended up raising a million dollars for OUR, which was amazing as well.
 And I want to thank everyone who helped support that. But we made an erzous blafert and people weren't crazy for it.
 In fact, my mom even made a quilt, a finlacking quilt. And we brought it up on stage and we auctioned that off.
 I think it went for like $78,000 on the mini, which were the two OUR.
 So my mom was part of it, which was really cool as well.
 And then we broke to, we call it the Funnel Rolled Excellent, which I don't know if we can do this next year or not, but we had, I don't know, 20 people or so who had booths.
 And we fed everyone dinner and went down there and they hung out and networked and met all the vendors.
 And it was a really cool thing. And they did that for two hours. And that was done. They were coming back.
 And we watched the new documentary Operation Triple Take, which was really cool.
 And it's interesting because the first OUR movie was all about Tim Ballard and OUR and all the people involved in the Haiti mission.
 And if you haven't seen it yet, if you go to OUR, film.org, you can go watch it for free.
 Or it's on Amazon Prime now, actually. So it's got Amazon Prime and type in Operation 2.0, or OUR, probably a pull-up as well.
 And the first one was very emotional. Like, oh, like everyone balled their eyes out.
 The second one was not emotional, but it was tactical. It was interesting.
 It was the biggest sting operation ever. They hit three cities at the same time, three different sex trafficking rings, all at the same time.
 And they arrested, I don't know, like 100 plus people, saved a couple hundred kids.
 And like, this huge thing. So this one was more tactical.
 We got to see behind the scenes of an actual huge sting operation, how it works in the setup and the tactical and the thing.
 And it was really, it was fun to see as well. It was different. It wasn't emotional, but it was very cool to see that part of it as well.
 And that got done. It was like 11 o'clock at night. And I was like, I can't believe that was day one.
 Like, that was the first half of the day. It was insane.
 And I don't think anyone who was in that room, like their life wasn't shifting altered. It was really special.
 So that was day number one of Funnal Hacking Live. So I'm going to do, I think I'm going to do an episode for each day because that'll be, that'll be kind of fun.
 Especially since that was the shortest day in Roddy 15 minutes in.
 So with that said, that was day number one of Funnal Hacking Live. The next episode I will talk about day number two.
 Thanks so much you guys. And I'll talk to you tomorrow.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free Behind the Scenes reality TV show at www.funnalhacker.tv.
