 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast today once again
 I am marketing in my Tesla and it makes me laugh because all my Tesla listening
 Followers all messes me yesterday congratulating me on my Tesla. So thank you
 Now I know who you all are anyway with that said was jumping theme song and then come back. I got something fun to share with you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so yesterday was so much fun yesterday was funnel hacking day, but I like a normal funnel hacking day
 It was like an intense
 expensive
 So I'm working on we have an event this summer called unlock the secrets is for all my two comma club X coaching members and
 minor circle members and
 Also their family so it's the first time I've ever done an event where parents and children can come and so it's gonna
 Be really fun and there's a lot of work going into it
 But one thing I wanted to do is I'm teaching different funnels and things that that's I wanted some examples
 And it's why I found I've been building out this swivel in Trello with all my favorite funnels in there
 I'm doing guys slowly for a little while and
 Yesterday I was like I'm gonna spend the whole day and go hardcore on this and so I basically in Trello
 You can have different columns than in column has different cards. I made a column for every funnel types
 It's like leave funnels card funnels book funnels presentation funnels be a self-funnels challenge funnels like all of them types funnels, right?
 and then I read there I made a card for every funnel I like and
 And then I would go out and take some in the past if you can screenshots of here's page one page two page three
 She can't seem really easily in this in this Trello board
 So I did yesterday is I recruited two people on my team to help make this possible
 I had Melanie who became the funnel purchaser the funnel buyer
 And then Leon who became the funnel screen shotter and so it happens
 I would go through I'd find my favorite funnel
 I post the front page link is in the new trell card and the mill who know you'd go in and she would like go through and buy it
 Buy everything and then you know take a get the links for a single page in the funnel
 Post them inside a Trello and then Leon comes behind her and like take screenshots every single of every single page and post them in there
 and
 It's been interesting because typically like I geek out on funnel tries like all want to funnel hack something and I'll buy two funnels
 It'll take me the entire day
 Because I'm reading everything looking at studying and like nerding out, but Melanie's she's immune to funnel so far working on her
 But as of today, she's definitely immune to funnels
 And so she just like buys without even thinking twice and goes through the pages and I think conservatively
 She spent over $10,000 in a hundred yesterday. There's one offer state. This is the $5,000 offer going by that
 I'm like now let's don't buy that one buy all the rest. So I'm gonna be getting in the mail this week
 thousands of random things from like nail polish to
 kidnapping
 Board game kits to like anyway, so many random funnels so much fun. And so anyway, that's kind of
 What's been happening? But with that said we were able to funnel hack
 Yesterday probably about 300 or so funnels and and ones I've loaded in there probably close to a thousand now
 So I'm done for the day
 She's gonna be going in there and and keep on funnel hacking and then Leon's he taking pictures and we'll have this huge database of every
 Amazing fun that I love the pictures the screenshots and it's gonna be
 So much fun, so I'm pumped and excited and I cannot wait to get all the weird crap in the mail over the next week or two
 It's what actually bought
 So that's kind of fun so couple things I want to talk about
 number one is funnel hacking and
 Here's how many guys actually still funnel hack
 It was interesting I went to my two comical X members and I said hey
 I want you guys to submit funnels
 You look at your favorite funnels so I can go and I can funnel hack them
 And I got a lot of really good ones back from a very few amount of people and
 Which maybe think for most was like they they haven't been fun like they don't know like what funnels they like
 I'm just to create something if you don't know what you like right like I know exactly before like like when I'm
 I bat means my team like hey
 We're still the fun on that cool
 And what do you want to look like I might want to look like this one and this one to twist to this one a little bit of this one
 I gotta just create from scratch like that's what more on steel come on you guys if you want to like
 Like this is art. There's a book. I just bought it
 Said like actually I know title titles like something like great artists still and I had read the book
 Yes, I don't know exactly what it what it says, but I'm assuming it has something to do with with that right like we don't create from scratch
 We look at a whole bunch of examples of amazing this and then we build something off of the back of that right?
 And so it kind of blew my mind that there was only
 I don't know
 Maybe a dozen people that had any funnels to even post out of like a group of almost a thousand people right and I like this is so
 Crazy to me that that nobody's been fun like no one's got like their favorite funnels like like at cue right?
 I have links all my funnels so like when I'm building something I can get inspiration
 I said okay
 I'm doing a webinar look at like 10 or 15 or 20 webinar funnels as I'm building this one out to get ideas for looks and color
 Palates and ideas and for hooks and headlines and ways they did things and how they did the call to actions and all kind of things right?
 I'm doing a squeeze funnel or a lead page fun or a lead funnel or whatever you want to call it right
 Generate leads I look at a dozen or two or three dozen to get ideas
 I think a lot of times what happens is that
 And this is this is the the board line between funnel hacking and stealing and this drives me crazy
 like for example, we launched the
 Expert secrets book right and I took inspiration from like 50 different funnels to build that one right like I spent a ton of time and energy
 same thing with a copy like I studied a whole bunch of free-plus shipping book funnels and and
 Things like that to get ideas for the hooks and the angles and the copy and the stuff
 I had so I did all this research and I plugged it in and we built this amazing funnel
 within like an hour of us doing it
 I say I see like I'm gonna talk to us
 Let's go here to share a funnel link and they're giving away my exact funnel with the same colors and the same everything and then I'm like
 you guys you missed it like
 Funnel hacking is not look at something and copy it exactly right like that's not how how this works
 Because now there's like 800 people with a funnel looks exactly like mine. So what am I doing?
 I'm re-changing it the reason I spend time on a funnel a funnel
 I'm modeling something I'm looking for proven things in a funnel right like layout
 structure
 Concepts like I'm looking for those things around funnel hacking. I'm not stealing word for we're stealing the colors
 Stealing the headline like who's for somebody's that's people think funnel hacking is and it's not that's illegal and immoral and evil and bad
 And that's not what I'm talking about
 Funnel hacking is about looking at a whole bunch of stuff and pulling inspiration
 I heard somebody once say that if you copy from one person is plagiarism be copy a whole bunch of people it's
 It's research. That's my my belief on it. It's like you're looking at whole bunch of stuff and then creating your own from that right?
 I'm looking at all these different ideas
 As inspiration to model, but then I go and I create something new something better
 And this one of the main reasons why that's so important is because
 marketing is all about pattern interrupts. Do you understand this like the reason why something works really good is because
 There's the pattern and I come and I interrupt that pattern right?
 So you're on Facebook scrolling through the thing and it's like for example meme videos
 I remember meme videos first came out like two years ago
 Nobody was doing them right and Brandon and Kaylin were the first to really do it and to hit it hard and their meme videos
 We're killing it and guess what happened every saw their meme videos and like all mean videos
 And then their software came out like we create mean videos and like it blew up now like everybody on plant has mean videos
 And guess what happens when Brandon and Kaylin came out they interrupted the pattern right?
 They shifted it every saw and like what is this make they like capture the attention they clicked on it
 But then when everybody does it you're not interrupting the pattern it becomes the pattern
 Right it becomes the pattern that doesn't work anymore
 Same you like hand sketch videos like Vince Palco was the dude who did the very first hand sketch video online
 He did it for Mike Geary in the fitness space for truth about abs and he did this video
 And I saw the stats about six months later
 I was that a mastermind treat Mike Geary's like hey
 Yeah, Vince Palco was the dude who's hand sketch myself's video and look at the conversion was like 300% increase in conversion something crazy
 I think it's higher than that but it was just this huge increase and I was like
 Oh my gosh, and and that was the first one I'd seen and right me what happened everyone the fitness issues like oh
 Hey new videos help fun gearies and all of a sudden next you know every single video in the fitness space with hands kids video
 But I saw a Geary's first so I contacted Vince. I'm like hey
 I want to do it in my market because nobody had done it yet, right?
 So there's a pattern of everyone's doing these PowerPoint VSL's that and it became the patterns everyone was doing us to stop working
 So I became effective so I was like I wanted to do the interrupt
 So I hired Vince to be hands his video for us for the original dot-com secrets local webinar
 We use that and boom it became the pattern interrupt and it works so good and like that was a funnel
 Man if you guys have heard about one funnel way story that was a funnel that
 Got me out of the brink of bankruptcy and gave me the ability to pay off the IRS and watch other craziness
 Right because it was the pattern interrupt that grabbed people and like what is this and it worked?
 But then guess what happened? Oh everyone's like our little girls was doing and they all got hand sketch videos now
 It became the pattern and then it doesn't work nearly as effective
 So we're looking at is with with funnel hacking is you're looking at the pattern, right?
 And there's elements of the pattern that are essential, right?
 So understand this is the model. This is the structure
 This is the layout. This is the flow is how it works and then your job is the artist as the marketer
 So okay, this is the pattern how do I interrupt it right and the interrupt can be simple as a headline a color tweak
 Way you do your video things like that like if you saw the affiliate bootcamp dot-com
 You guys notice the pattern interrupt there like it's literally almost the same concept is 30 days dot-com look at both page
 You're like oh these pages look almost the same right like I funnel hacked myself, right?
 In fact if you look at the funnel structure, it's it's literally the same like the up self-flow like everything's the same, right?
 But we need a different hook because that's a pattern interrupt
 So affiliate bootcamp versus 30 days so different hook
 Then I need a different
 And obviously the color palates different ones blue and everything so the ones green and more army like but then I need an
 Interrupt for the video for the video was the same I sat in the same spot so the same words and same thing it wouldn't work
 right so I got to interrupt the patterns what I do then is
 I did the video with the cards so if you go to food bootcamp dot-com look at the top you'll notice
 I did these cards and and and it's the pattern interrupting is killing right now and I guarantee this happens
 All you guys do card videos now since there's gonna be a million of them
 It won't work anymore, but I interrupted the pattern with that thing right?
 And so what your job to do is the market when you're funnel hacking you're looking stuff is you're looking stuff
 Not just in your lens of like I'm a dentist therefore look at other dental funnels
 It's like look at all these funnels in different markets and see it okay guess
 So I got the idea for the hand sketch videos a couple years ago my wife and I are watching YouTube
 Flipping through stuff and we saw this kid with his hand with these cards and I was like that's interesting
 I click plants are watching it and it was this kid telling a story about how he was dying and he told his whole story through cards
 He didn't say where he's held card after card
 I sat there's like a 25 30 minute video and watch the whole thing with my wife and we ball their eyes out
 I think the kid ended up dying and this video was like gone crazy viral
 And I was like in this emotional state where I was like I sat there for 30 minutes waiting to see read his card
 They're pulling me through the story right?
 I was like that is powerful and like that night. I was just like emotionally messed up right and the next morning
 I woke up and I said holy cow look how that triggered me
 I had to read the whole thing. I couldn't stop reading it
 And so that day little idea is like that is a pattern interrupt
 And so we did it our very my very first hand card video
 Which also happened be for the boot camp.com, but it was one for my eight years ago whenever we did the original one
 And after that time a whole bunch of people locked me off
 Did had the card videos and then I stopped and then ever felt forgot about it and then we brought it back
 Right and so let it think guys about pattern interrupts is you like something that?
 That is the interrupt
 It becomes the pattern then people forget about it and then it can become interrupt to get in the future. So
 Anyway, so that's when you just understanding these conferences funnel hacking so often we think it's like oh
 I must find a funnel I will copy it like no that is not what I said ever ever ever there's unethical immoral and wrong
 And it's stupid too because it's not gonna make like it's not gonna make you more money
 Right it's looking at the pattern. So I find the funnels at work
 I'm looking at the pattern can I keep the structure of the pattern?
 Okay, so I keep the structure
 So it's like I know like this this layout works the logo here the button here the box here that like the structure will remain the same
 But now I got to come in and add my art right so I'm changing color palace changing things like that
 I changed the copy and I'm looking for the pattern interrupts
 What is it is a hand sketch videos and card videos it no video is it a different headline is it a ball?
 I said a picture of me flexing in my man, Keni. I don't know I would never do that but
 Something that becomes a pattern interrupt right every single ad is an interrupt right?
 I
 Saw Dean Gracio see with his book a while ago lighting his book on fire and I was like oh my gosh
 That's a pattern interrupt. He did it his market which is like personal. I'm gonna do it in the marketing nerd market
 So I let my book on fire now that added awesome for a long time right and it worked
 And now that would didn't catch on more you guys didn't burn your your products, which is probably good
 I do know Stephen Larson last weekend went and blew up
 His product a bunch of it was crazy. You'll see it soon in the funnel. I'm sure but
 Do you guys get what I'm saying though? So anyway, I love funnel hacking
 It's really really fun, but it's not stealing
 It's getting ideas to pull inspiration from so when I know next time I'm pulling the webinar
 I log into my trello board look at the 400 webinars I fun-hacked and start looking at the images
 I'm looking for ideas and looking for patterns
 And I don't do where like I open up the screen and then I open up click for those actually my copying
 Like I don't do it that way because that's that's plagiarism in fact. I'm talking to Brendan Burchard
 It's interesting. He said that when he has an event coming up
 He's like handless and he Tony Robbins thing for at least six months before my event happens
 Because like I get heavily influenced and I'll hear Tony saying stuff and I like it and and I'll be on stage talking
 And all of a sudden this thing will come out and it's like that was Tony saying that was not my thing
 He's like I know that how our brains work is that we model me. We see things with like with corporations like if I
 Listen to Tony too close to me stepping on stage
 He's like then I started saying Tony things
 That's not what I want like I want this to be myself
 So I have to stop listening to it and it's the same thing in funnel hacking like I don't open up
 you know
 Let's say Jim Edwards's webinar funnel and I copy like thing for thing for thing because then I'm copying and then it's not gonna work
 And it's gonna and it's just like a not cool thing to do instead what I do is I go back and I say okay
 Look at me look at five ten fifteen
 I look at all these things and I get ideas like an inspiration that I closed the board and then I start building something right
 So now I'm not copying anything by pulling inspiration
 I did a bunch of research head of times and now I'm like oh remember this part
 I like that and I like this and I like this and I create something new
 Genuinely new and that is how you grow in your market. Okay, that's how fun I can can and should be used
 So I hope that helps
 All right
 Well, I've been in my test of driving down a circle for the last like 14 minutes as I've been talking with you guys
 So I'm gonna go drive to the office now get started because fun a lot of it is done and today
 I gotta be working on the traffic secrets book. I have to get chapter four today
 It's halfway done. I have to get done today or else I will be beaten by my publisher
 Who gave me a deadline?
 They also is crazy
 I've this is the first time I've used like a traditional publisher and they and it was so funny because like we did the whole book deal
 And I didn't read the contract. So I'm a contract guy
 But I had David read through it and then day came over. He's like, you know, they're giving you advance
 Like what's an advance? He's like that's really pay you before you write the book. I was like really?
 That's like the coolest thing ever and so
 And anyway, so I asked him like this is cool. He's like yeah
 Well, most people like they take the advance. That's why they can take a year off and write a book
 He's like you're kind of insane because you're running a business and the million other things and
 But we all my kids turn on the whoopee cushion far on their Tesla. That's not me farting. That's the whoopee cushion
 Turn signal. Oh my test the drivers know what I'm talking about
 That is embarrassing. Anyway, my kids are dead to me now
 What was I talking about? Oh, anyway
 They gave me this this advance right so it was that was pretty cool
 And then they send me like this money and I'm like this is awesome and then with that it's like
 It's like the chains. It's like okay here. We gave you money. I hear your deadlines. I'm like wait what and
 Anyway kind of funny. So I
 Got to write my book cuz I can't actually have to now
 But I'm also excited and it's trying out really good
 I spent a lot of time in the RV on the way to Lake Powell last week of the way home writing my wife is amazing
 She drove I was typing it up and it's coming along really good
 They had a chapter four be done the first section, which is I'm excited for so alright
 That's all I got. I hope you guys are amazing and I will talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called dot com secrets
 You get your free copy at dot com secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
