 Hey, hey everybody, this is Russell welcome to the marketing secrets podcast tonight. I have a really special episode
 I want to share with you guys I
 actually was just in my backyard about to turn off the lights and
 Just had to do a Facebook live and it turned out really cool
 And I wanted to share with you guys in the the podcast or in the Facebook live
 I talked about a bunch of really cool things we talked about the transition from like trying to make money to
 Having an impact and changing people's lives over to actually building a legacy and then how you can
 Literally build legacy to live beyond you beyond your life here on the surf even
 Through funnels and I kind of show example of the oh you are funneling and the goals and the mission behind that
 I shared a bunch of really cool things that he like as well
 So without any further ado when you queue up to intro music when we come back
 We're gonna be my backyard and we're gonna hang out during this Facebook lab. Talk to you
 Here's a second
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey, hey, what's up everybody
 It's late night. I'm away with you miss get some people to jump on here and hang out with me
 I'm excited. It's a beautiful night. I'm kind of getting my mosquitoes. I'm not gonna lie. Hopefully I survive it
 but
 Had a really cool week this week. I think a lot of you guys saw parts of of
 the coolness and I want to share probably my biggest lesson that I think is applicable to to all of you guys out there and
 I
 Want to share it as as like a friend or a brother or as someone who is similar to you
 I say this correctly not someone who's who's further down the path maybe in some things but not everything
 I know that I struggle and there's a lot of things. I'm people way ahead of me
 But I flake in this whole business and selling thing
 I'm I'm a ways down the road from some people and so I'm looking back and there's something cool
 I want to share it. Yeah, it's cool with that
 First of all make sure you can all hear me
 I'm talking through my headphones, which sometimes works and as don't these can hear me
 Give me some hearts or some taps or say hi or something like that
 All right, let's see if you can hear me sweet. Okay, well, I'm gonna I'm gonna share best is with you guys so
 Interesting so I've been doing this entrepreneur game now for like 15 plus years and
 It's interesting like and all you guys are different phases, right?
 So like I remember the different phase like I remember my motivations. I remember things like that
 I remember, you know when I first my initial motivations like I gotta make money like I'm I'm in so much trouble
 I need to make money right how many guys that been your motivation is your motivation if it is give me some hearts and some
 Taps and some some smiley faces, right?
 Because I was my first motivation so I started learning the stuff and start becoming obsessed and learning the game
 How do you create offers and how do you sell stuff?
 How do you create things to sell and like all these fun things?
 So that was kind of the the first thing and then and then eventually I started working then I started
 You know then then I shifted from that to like okay. I'm selling stuff like now. I want to now
 I want I want significance I think happens a lot of people I want significance like look how great I am
 And so I became Russell who wanted to be on stage which that Russell is really annoying some of you guys may remember him
 I don't like him very much
 But I was like my driving force was like I want to be on stage and people see who I was and hear out
 You know and that was a season of my life
 Eventually realized that that's kind of dumb and lame and you kind of get over that really quick
 And there was a point where I was like I want to like I got lonely to be honest
 I'm like I want to I want to create jobs and be around people and like have this this connection with a whole bunch of people
 Right?
 So I was the next the next phase and so it's like hiring people and building a team like building connection
 All of these people around me were like cared about the thing that I cared about was really really fun there
 And that those who have built the team there's ups and downs and went from a hundred employees down to like ten employees
 And anyway, that's a story for another night not tonight
 But that was the thing for a while and then and then and then later
 It was like
 It really started shifting for me to like the art of this whole game, right?
 I spent probably five or six years where I was just I was obsessed with the art. Those remember me there at that point
 We were like creating funnels. We were creating neurocell or an off the sub-group creating
 businesses in the fitness and weight loss and Q-Parning and
 Cold-sores and like just pornography addiction and just a whole bunch of different businesses
 And was like the creative party that was what drove me was the creation of it
 Which still drives me say I still love that part
 I'm getting eaten by mosquito. Someone's noticing that
 And so it was the next phase for me that was kind of going through and
 and
 And then after that then we should then about that time is when we start we we develop click phones
 We launched that and at first it was like I want to make money
 That was like this thing right and kind of like went back through all these different phases to give like money and then prestige
 And all these things and it's funny and then click phones grew and it grew bigger and it grew and it just
 You know, it's grown to point. That's beyond what I ever dreamt it would be and I still so crazy
 I still feel like we're just getting started, which is exciting, but what's interesting about
 Man probably a little over a year ago. I had this realization this I want to share it yesterday because this is really the key
 so I had this realization that
 Because we launched a product or something and clear phones at that point where back then it was making
 I don't know hundred hundred fifty thousand dollars a day was kind of our consistent thing so every morning I get a
 Stripe I get the message from striper. It's like bling bling how much money you make
 It's like as you know over the years is that number gets bigger and bigger so exciting
 And he was the point where we had made like it was like about a hundred fifty thousand dollars a day
 It was probably like a year year and a half ago and and we could put in this huge campaign and like create this
 This product and all these things that we launched it and it's like the next day
 There's like a big ping and then it went back to like ping ping the same the same thing
 I was like dang we did all that work and it was like bloop like a little blip in the income thing
 And so interesting is like at least for me like as my income grew the point where it's just you know
 Like the revenues were so high inside click funnels. It's like I
 Would create these things and put them out there and and the income impact was so small that didn't even matters
 Like we do big launches like oh the spikes of four days back down to like normal and then also like I lost the joy of that
 I was like dang like I'm saying fun to create sell something because you don't get like the rewards not that exciting
 I was like what is it and about that time this is funny is one of the expert secrets book launch
 Which is a little over a year ago now?
 Which is cracking lives a year ago?
 And what's interesting is when that book launched and I remember because the doc on series book launch like two years prior to that
 When the book launch again the cells things like being a little ding of cells
 But what was interesting was different from the book is like there is this
 Impact the last like the doc on secrets book still to this day
 We sell tons every single day like there's this impact with like I don't know the creation of a book for me
 I'm not selling you guys on books or anything. That's not my my purpose of this message. Well, maybe it is
 I think I think everybody should be writing a book
 I think you become more interesting as a human being when you're like, hey
 I'm writing a book about blah even if it's excuse me gonna take you 30 years to write
 I don't care
 But just knowing like you're moving towards something and as you're learning stuff you're you're creating something you can give to somebody
 After you pass on
 That's a really powerful legacy building thing. So I love books, but that's us again store another day
 But what I realized is like the book so in the book like
 Eddling and cells and it was like oh that the money part didn't matter
 But then like the legacy of it was huge like so many people read the doc on secrets book and had
 This thing like the impact was amazing then the the doc the extra secrets book come and like the impact from that
 Lashes so much longer and that was like the next phase
 And I'm actually starting
 I'm starting book number three
 next
 Thursday
 Anyway, that's what I'm talking about either. I'm so excited. So book number three is be if you guys are excited about book number three
 Give me some give me some bars and anyway, let me know okay, but this one we'll talk about so a lot of you guys
 Watch over the last week
 What we launched right we launched operation underground railroad?
 Or underground railroad and then operation to saint the the online DVD right
 So we as a back story we showed it fun hiking live it did over a million dollars in sales
 Not sales but donations so we raised million dollars for operation on ground railroad
 Which is enough to save 400 children from sex slavery?
 Which was just an amazing thing to me. I saw the videos. I was bawling my eyes out
 Which was which was awesome. So that went out there and then it was it was off
 I like you know spike you spike if we change the world and it kind of it kind of stopped right afterwards and and
 I had this this pull of like you need to get out there you need to get out there
 I'm like I don't know how to get out there. So I'm praying and trying to figure out like how do you get out there?
 How do you make this thing like like how do like we spent the time the energy all the money on this asset this thing that raised a million
 Dollars say 400 kids, but how do we how do we create something that's gonna last beyond me beyond?
 Beyond the event right million dollars is awesome, but that money goes away and that's like what and so
 This week we spent a ton of time. We've created this this funnel and the funnel if hopefully you hasn't gone through if not
 Go to ou our film org
 We're still testing much stuff on it, but it's it's it's really cool
 And so you go there in the 48 hour ticket for you to watch the operation to st
 DVD so you go in there you got 48 hours to watch it and when that expires then there's five other DVDs in the in the series which
 I hope you guys watch those some of those are better than
 Then even the original one anyway, they're amazing. You'll cry
 You'll see Tim Ballard actually and his wife fly to Haiti and pick up their children
 Which is cool because she never actually bend to Haiti never actually like actually physically touch them and you see them
 Get picked up you see them the airport coming home. You see them and be introduced to the kids like you will ball your eyes out
 It's it's worth watching
 but
 But we did that right and if you look at it
 I don't have the stats on top of my head, but in the last it's been that I think two and a half
 Maybe we're on day three
 Maybe two and a half three days since since that went live right and if you look at that a couple cool things
 So what happened is we built this funnel right there's traffic going into it
 But it's also like a viral loops people are sharing it so it keeps growing keeps growing
 I'm saying right now where I'm I'm putting ten thousand dollars a month into ads just to drive into the funnel
 I've got a bunch of other people that are co-oping with me
 So if you want to be part of that we're all just putting an X amount dollars a month into an advertising fund
 We're just putting money out there to drive traffic into the the funnel because it's gonna keep it's gonna keep the message out there
 Right my goal is to shine like these kind of lights right when these lights are off the cockroaches can run out
 But we shed a light like this on them
 They got to hide and that's what I'm doing is we're making as much noise as humanly possible
 To try to fix this problem the best we can and so what's cool about it is the three days in right?
 I think so far honey
 I don't have the exact stats but over sixty thousand dollars have been raised cash in in hand, but I think
 350
 Ish or you know around there people have signed it for monthly recurring donations to or you are now
 It's crazy is 40% of all of their missions right now are funded by people who are paying you know 10 20 30 dollars a month
 And so 300 people it's like the equivalent of that the recurring donation people stand for a year
 It's like half million dollars in in in cash and we're three days in most people
 I've only seen you know maybe one or two of the documentaries. They've seen their five
 There's a whole campaign behind it and you know my goal is from now within the next 12 months when they're documentary launching is to raise 10 million
 For we are which was to save four thousand children from sex slavery, which is exciting right the best thing is like this funnel is done
 It's like I don't do anything else for like to help you about and share it and and inspire people
 I'm like I'm gonna drive traffic. I'm gonna spend my money
 I'm gonna put in the back of all my funnels man
 I hope we get all of you guys can just put in the back of all your funnels
 I want all of you guys make this part of your mission all we do is we just share it
 There's nothing complicated or tricky we to share it we share it and what's amazing is in a year for now
 Hopefully we have ten million dollars, you know five years now 20 30 40 million 10 years now 30 years now when I'm dead
 this funnel will continue to produce money to save children from this horrible thing and
 When I die I can keep running and then when my kids die keep running and this acid this tool is thing we created
 We'll love on forever beyond me beyond my time here on this planet and that's what's amazing
 That's the legacy that you guys are able to create with funnels and so
 I know that everyone's in a spot some of you guys are spot where you're where I was at the beginning
 We're just like I just got to make money Russell someday. I'm in on the legacy thing right now
 I was gonna make some money. I totally get it. Don't stress out
 You got to get yourself out of out of out of financial stress before you're able to go and help other people
 I totally understand that in fact
 I believe one of my biggest missions on this earth is to help entrepreneurs to take that pressure and that stress off of their
 backs because when
 Entrepreneur has the stress and pressure taken off their back and they can actually go out there and create and give and serve
 They do which is why you guys are such amazing human beings
 And so my goal is to take that pressure off give you the tools the training the systems the motivation the inspiration
 Whatever I got to give you so you can take pressure off of your back so you can go out there and you can you can actually do
 What you do and serve in the way you do you will and that's what's what's amazing
 So if you're in that spot, we're like I gotta get the pressure off like that's cool do that first
 I understand nothing wrong with that
 But know that that your goal isn't just to make money you will find out so quickly that money
 Does not bring happiness?
 It's it's cool. You can buy cool stuff right, but but it's it's hollow if that makes sense
 and
 When you when you get that space that's hollow a lot of people they go into depression they
 I have friends or suicidal. I have like there's a lot of things that happen there and it's like
 When you when you get the money you find out that doesn't bring happiness
 It's like you what's the next step?
 Well the next step is you've got it
 You got to shift the focus to external like how do we how to serve other people and that's what's gonna
 Let you guys up. I promise you you'll see it. You'll feel you'll experience it and you bang man. This is so much better than oh
 Like raising sixty thousand dollars in the last two days for oh you are raising million dollars at the event like some guys heard the stories
 We did over a month before the memory three million dollars of grand card owns event our event
 We did twelve million dollars in sales for our coaching program. So like those like yeah
 It's awesome like we celebrated and then we get to work to serve these audiences, right? But the million dollars for you are
 way more
 meaningful way more fulfilling way way more exciting and so this funnel we've created now is a legacy thing and I want you
 Thinking about that like what's the legacy you can create like you're not just creating funnels to make money
 That's the first step and then it's longer term. It's like how do you get the impact?
 Right, that's where you start creating stuff that actually will serve people and change their lives
 So you go from money to impact to legacy and legacy like that's that's the last step in this thing
 I can't wait for you guys to see the funnel hacking live
 Sales video when it comes out. I got the first draft and it's insane, but it's cool is at the very end of the the sales video
 Dad Usher who's one of our video guys he he was behind scenes. I was talking to your ovens and captured this moment
 It's like I don't know five ten seconds long what Tony Robin said
 And I'll say it wrong. He's a sea when you see the video
 We basically said the most he's like it's really cool. Russ what you're doing and he totally is a big big
 I think he's the biggest donor of all you are
 Be said, you know what you're doing now is so powerful because you're giving which is teaching your entire audience to give and he's like
 That's the that's why this is so exciting and it's it's cool. And so
 For you guys, that's my that's my motivation, right? That's the exciting is that we're gonna create this funnel
 We're gonna change a lot of children's lives
 And I'm hoping that you guys see that either you push people to our funnel
 You do your own funnel, but just know these skills that you're creating right at first is gonna make you money
 Then it's gonna help you build legacy make an impact and then the longest term is a legacy
 So think about how do I create a funnel that when I'm dead will continue to change this world
 That's that's amazing. It's amazing thought to think through so for me though. You are one's the first one and there'll be more
 I'm trying to think of it. I'm trying to pick the the battles the things that I want to have a huge disruptive
 impact on
 It's it's funny. There's a for the Mormons who were out there. There's a there's a quote by Joseph Smith
 Joseph Smith was our first prophet and he said he says one time he said that
 that Satan considered him a Disturber and an Annoyer and
 And it's kind of fun like I look at myself with oh you are thinking
 I'm trying to become a Disturber and an Annoyer of evil things on this planet
 And so oh you are is the first thing
 It's like how do we shine a light on this and become a Disturber and an Annoyer of the adversary of these evil people that are trying to do this to children?
 And that's my thing
 I want to be a Disturber and Annoyer of bad things so we can save these amazing people right so like that for me is like that that phrase
 becoming a Disturber and an Annoyer is like oh gets me pumped up and
 I hope that you guys think about that that as well like like how can you become a Disturber and Annoyer?
 Like if I pick the cherries pick the things pick the way everyone had impact if it's oh you are awesome
 If it's something else that's awesome
 I pick something though where you can you can do so much good
 You can become a Disturber and Annoyer of the evil things the bad things and
 Gets me excited so anyway
 I just want to share because I walk walking in here and turn the lights off
 About to go to bed and just reflecting as I'm walking here on on the week and though you are filming like
 This this this this thing that's gonna just continue to generate money. I messaged Tim Ballard tonight
 I said hey, I kind of told him basic statute of sixty thousand got 350 people that are on recurring right now
 And so my goal is just keep putting fuel into this thing and it's gonna
 it's gonna continue to fund your missions for the rest of your life and beyond and
 It can do that and that's also exciting. So there you go you guys there's there's a legacy for myself and so for you guys
 I want you to think about that for yourself
 Again first it's like getting yourself to the spot where you can serve then it's figure out how you have the biggest impact
 And it's like how do you create your legacy?
 That's where I'm focusing on it right now, and it's so much fun
 And I want to I want to pull you guys all up there
 I want to get you guys to that to that point just know that that's the seasons
 That's what you're gonna be going through in this thing and the faster you can get to that the better
 So anyway, I appreciate you all. Thanks for listening crazy
 We got a hundred people out here at this time and I jumping on to to listen to me talk still blows my mind that
 That this this technology is kind of things exist
 It's amazing. So I appreciate all of you guys if you haven't watched the documentary at go to ou are film.org
 If you have any social media presence, which I know you do because you're sitting on here right now on Facebook
 Just go ou are from the org grab that link and go post on your Facebook profile or social media industry
 I'm like just share it doesn't take anything doesn't cost anything
 But you can have an impact it's funny
 This is a side story. It's gonna have a really cool point though
 When there was a company I was part of a few years back
 So you guys may remember it's called rippling and it was this network marketing thing
 We're trying to build and we launched this thing in it's crazy. I got 1.5 million people to sign up in six weeks
 Like we did the marketing side, right?
 Problem is the product never came down and it wasted six months of my life and I made zero action on zero
 I made negative lots of dollars, but I learned some cool
 So the whole concept rippling is like what's your ripple effect look like right?
 You drop a stone in upon and there's this ripple effect
 It's like what it would is our ripple effect look like so we wanted to be able to track that
 So that's what rippling was you signed up and then you shared it and you were able to see like hey
 I share it with 10 people and they share it with 10 they share it with 10 and you saw this this ripple effect
 And what was fascinating is that some of the people that had the biggest ripple effect they did not have a big
 Social media profile or presence or anything
 But they shared it like four or five people and then one of their four or five people shared it with somebody who was an influencer
 and that person got 300,000 people to join that person's ripple and
 It always blew my mind that the people at the biggest ripples were never the people had the biggest audience
 It was always these people who just shared it with five or six people that were consistently sharing it and when they did that
 There was somebody that they got to there was two or three levels ripples deep that hit and it blew up
 And so if you listen to me, I should like Russell. I don't have a following
 I can't share this I don't know anybody like you understand like in your ripple effect
 Like the people you're able to touch like it is not far
 Like if you share it with five people or ten people or twenty people you get in the watch documentary
 I promise those people have an impact and they're gonna go and they're gonna share it and they'll start five ten fifty people
 And it'll go like that and there's gonna be someone you hit inside of your network someone you don't even know you
 Know they exist, but it's your brother's cousin who's gonna come watch it and also boom
 It's gonna explode and when you look back at that trail and obviously we're not gonna be able to see that
 We're not tracking that kind of ripple effect
 But God will know and you'll know that like man because you share with ten people or twenty people thirty people there were
 You know twenty thirty fifty a hundred kids saved
 I don't know about you, but I believe in I believe in heaven. I believe some time to be with my heavenly father
 I believe that there's gonna be we're gonna be there together and I believe that there's gonna be kids up there said
 Hey, you don't know the impact you out of my life
 You you because of this thing you did I was able to be to be rescued really saved to be able to actually live a great
 Life while I was there on earth and I don't care what your beliefs are
 But that's mine and I know that man
 I want to be up there in heaven with those little kids celebrating and I want I'm gonna be so grateful and so thankful for them
 I'm sure they'll be thankful for me as well and same thing for you and so just realize that that's the impact
 That's kind of the answer legacy that's possible because what we're doing here you guys and funnels like you can create a funnel
 You put it out there and if you if you execute correctly, it can just it can it can feel something forever
 And it's it's exciting. So anyway, I hope that helps
 Hope gets you guys excited and gives you kind of a path to look forward to
 But just know that you guys can do this now you can share you can start jumping on some of this legacy stuff today and
 It'll be cool. So I'm getting literally eaten alive. I think I probably got 40 mosquito bites
 But that was a sacrifice I made for you guys because I love you because you hang out for me this time of night. So
 Anyway
 That's it you guys appreciate you all we get all your film or go watch it
 Share it have a party at your house and invite people over that K you guys you got to watch this video and bring them over to your house
 Biggest thing is they bring your house make them go opt into the funnel that way they'll get all the emails and the sequences
 We'll help them to help spread it as well
 But just get them in there and it'll be awesome. So
 Alright guys appreciate you all if you jumped on to miss the beginning
 There is some context sometimes you jump on Facebook lives you cast a last like two minutes straight
 What in the world are they talking about?
 So I'm gonna end feel free to go back to my page started very beginning watch it. There was a point and I think it was awesome
 So alright appreciate you all. Thanks so much for hanging out tonight. Have a great job and
 Great time and I'll see you guys soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called comm secrets and you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 [APPLAUSE]
