 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing seekers podcast.
 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast, we'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers.
 Hey everyone, hope you guys are amazing.
 We are like five days of being fun, lacking live.
 It's coming, it's almost here, we're so excited.
 I've been going really morning late nights trying to get all my slides done.
 But it's really really cool.
 So obviously most of you are going to be at Funlicky Live, if not you're insane, sort
 of fibly insane.
 But one of the presentations I was working on yesterday is called Funl Audibles, which
 is kind of a fun one.
 So for those who are going to be at the event, you'll see I'm going to go through and go
 deep into this and show all the numbers and stats, all sorts of stuff like that.
 But it's interesting because this is why I think most people fail fun.
 All they do is they go and they like, they watch my webinar and they're like, "Oh, this
 is exciting, I'm excited, yay!" and they say, "Oh, I'm going to build a funnel!"
 And they go in there and they're like, "Okay, I don't know what kind of funnels to build."
 And then they get confused and then they try some stuff and then they sign on a funnel
 and then they go, they build a funnel and then they launch it and then nothing happens.
 And they're like, "Oh, that funnel stuff's a scam, that Russell's right," and he's talking
 about.
 And the other 60,000 active quick funnels members are all full of it.
 All the almost 300 people in the 2,000 club and the 17 people in the 2,000 club, X club,
 there's no way all of them are really doing what they're doing and then they walk away.
 And it's sad, it breaks my heart because it's like, "Oh, my gosh, so that's the funnel
 that I'm all about."
 So what most people don't know is most of the times when I launch a funnel, guess what?
 It doesn't do very good.
 But Russell, I thought you were the funnel guy, everything's perfect.
 No, it's not.
 This is the difference between me and everybody else.
 So what happens?
 I do a funnel and I do the best one that I know how.
 So I base it off of things that funnel hack in the past.
 Like, "Okay, remember so-and-so, I just really cool adding paste.
 This one has up so like this.
 It's like, I look at stuff I've looked at, I try to model it as close as I can to make
 the best possible guess that I have."
 So I create the funnel and then I'm like, "Okay, is it good or is it bad?"
 Now this is what a lot of people do to hire me for coaching and to call me.
 Hey Russell, what do you think about this?
 Is it good or is it bad?
 Like, I don't know what the markets say.
 Like, "What do you mean?"
 I'm like, "I don't know if it's good or bad.
 I'm just a dude who just looks at what's proven and try to model it, but I have no idea if
 it's going to work or not."
 But Russell, you're the funnel guy.
 You should know all this.
 No, I have no idea.
 In fact, I never will review someone's funnel until it's until, because I'm like, "I don't
 want to attain it with my judgment.
 I know enough from split testing that I'm wrong most of the time."
 And so I don't want to attain it.
 Like, all I do is I go and I let the market vote.
 Okay?
 I ask the market its opinion.
 I say, "Hey, market.
 Does this funnel give you an offer that you actually want to buy?
 And does it convince you and persuade you to do it?"
 And guess what I don't do?
 I don't ask people's opinions.
 Because I send to my wife or my mom or my friends or other marketers that are like,
 "Ah, well, I would change this.
 I would tweet."
 And they would give me all these things that I think or like, "Oh, I would never buy
 it or I'd get million things."
 The only person whose opinion I care about is my customer.
 And the only way I care about their opinion is not when they tell me, "Eh, I'm writing
 a Facebook ad."
 They say, "This seems scammy.
 I don't care about any other crap.
 I don't care about people voting with this thing right here.
 If you're watching the video, you can see all of the people voting with their wallet.
 It's the only vote I care about.
 So I'm going to see, "Will they open their wallet and pull out a credit card and buy
 the thing?"
 If they did, that is the vote I care about.
 Okay?
 So that's all I do.
 So we create something.
 And then what I do is what you should think about it depending on the offer, but probably
 around a thousand bucks.
 And we go, usually the Facebook nowadays, that's the fastest way to test things.
 I think it's shifting, but for right now it's still Facebook.
 And then we spend a thousand bucks on Facebook and we throw it out there and then we just
 sit back.
 What do you do in Russell?
 I'm like, "I'm watching.
 I'm letting the market tell me what works and what doesn't work."
 So I sit there and I let the market and then the traffic starts going through.
 People are clicking and they go through and they go to page one, page two, page, and
 I just watch.
 And this is the hard part.
 Most people are freaking out.
 I'll get a message like, "I lost yesterday.
 What's happening?"
 I'm like, "Dude, just relax.
 Just watch."
 This is the thousand dollar investment to have the market tell you if your funnel is good
 or not.
 So you spend a thousand bucks, the traffic goes through, and then it's something like,
 "I don't have a thousand dollars to waste, Russell."
 The word waste is the wrong word.
 This is you're spending a thousand dollars on market research to get the actual market
 to tell you if it works or not.
 And they're telling you by voting with their credit card.
 That's the magic.
 So I watch it.
 I let the traffic go through.
 It may take three or four or five days or if a traffic goes through.
 And if it's done, then I come back and I look at it.
 Okay, here's my funnel.
 Page one, page two, page three, page three.
 You just four or five pages.
 That's the entire funnel.
 I look at it.
 Okay.
 What percentage of the people that land on page number one did the thing I wanted to do?
 I wanted them to give me an email address.
 I wanted them to join me on Facebook Messenger.
 I wanted them to put it in the credit card.
 Like, whatever it is.
 And then what percent of people did page two, page three, page four?
 And then I just look at them.
 Like, I literally, we made these scorecards last night.
 I'll be showing you the event.
 There's a big scorecard.
 It shows you what percentage of each thing.
 And look at it.
 I'm like, okay.
 Like, with that percentage, good or bad?
 And first year, no, but after a while, you get kind of a gut feeling.
 Like, oh, this is good.
 This is bad.
 So we look at that and then it's like, okay, this, you know, like, option rate was like
 11%.
 That seems really, really low.
 So, okay, I'm going to change that.
 And so I'm going to, and then look at everything else.
 Everything else looks pretty good.
 Like, so I change the, I make a split test, try to best of my knowledge, like what things
 that I tweak and change.
 So I make those changes and I go back and I buy some more market research, spend another
 thousand bucks or 500 bucks, whatever.
 And I push it as soon as it starts happening and let the market go through and I step back
 and I came now based on that.
 What happened?
 Okay.
 Cool.
 We increased commercialization from 11% to 28%.
 That's pretty good now.
 And then the sales page, what's happening?
 Okay.
 It's not high enough.
 Like, what tweak can I make there?
 And we tweak it.
 And we do this process three or four times.
 And usually three or four times we go from a crappy funnel to a winter, winter, chicken
 dinner.
 And when you do a winter, winter, chicken dinner, that's when you start promoting it.
 So we drive traffic and ads and money and everything.
 And that's when you start scaling.
 Okay.
 And I either assume for a second that I just guess.
 And that's it.
 I guess.
 And then I add the market tell me and then I tweak the market tell me, tweak the market
 tell me and then I roll out a funnel.
 Okay.
 It's the step there is missing.
 So we calling it funnel audibles and I'll be showing an example.
 In fact, last night we went through all the database, all the data and I show five big
 tests we did inside of X receivers book launch that changed the average card value from
 about $30 to like $54.
 And I show here's the first thing we did, the second thing we did, third thing we did,
 fourth thing we did, fifth thing we did.
 And then I show funnel out to funnel out for like all the whole bunch of ideas about
 that.
 So that's the process guys.
 Now you understand those are fun.
 Like I will see me break down our numbers and stuff, but funnel audibles and coming to
 line of scrimmage and looking around seeing the tweaks and the changes and I make it based
 on that.
 I can think of them there, dancing.
 Anyway, I got to go.
 I got to go finish that presentation in five others on top of that six presentations.
 Anyway, appreciate you guys.
 Funnels audibles.
 It's the key.
 It's the secret.
 Good funnels to great from bath funnels to good and from wherever you want to be.
 So learn how to do it, master it and have fun with it.
 Thanks guys.
 Appreciate you all.
 I'll see you guys at funnel hockey.
 Bye everybody.
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so, then go get your copies of my two best selling books.
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expertsecrets.com
 and book number two is called dot com secrets and you can get your free copy at dot com
 secrets dot com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the
 fastest growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world.
 (audience applauds)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
