 What's up everybody, it's Russell again.
 Welcome to the last of this sequence here in the funnel hacker onboarding process.
 This is the marketing seekers podcast.
 And if you missed videos, one, two, three, and now this is number four, go back and watch
 this as part of a sequence to help you understand why do you need funnels?
 What's the micro internal value ladder you're creating?
 What is the offer you created each step inside that value ladder?
 And then this one is all about the copywriting, how you sell each of the offers so you can
 write value every single step inside of your funnel.
 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey guys, this is the last onboarding videos and I hope you enjoyed it.
 I hope you had a chance to watch all of them.
 This is where we're going to go into copywriting.
 This is salesmanship.
 This is what some reason people understand this when you're in the real world.
 They have to sell something but for some reason, I don't know what it is, we get online and
 we forget all these amazing important principles.
 So this is all about copywriting, about selling your actual product and I'm just a product.
 You're selling it every single step.
 You're selling on the ad, you're selling to get them to click.
 You're selling on the landing page to give them an email address.
 You're selling on the sales page to get their credit card.
 You're selling on the webinar registration page to get them to register.
 You're selling every single piece of this and so many times we don't value or remember
 that.
 So this is the last of the onboarding videos here inside the new ClickFunnels onboarding
 process I want to share with you guys here on the Marketing Secrets podcast because it's
 important and I hope you love it.
 So watch this video right now and hopefully it recommits you to mastering selling it every
 single step here inside of your funnel.
 Alright welcome back.
 We are moving on to the last step in your initial funnel education and this is one of
 the most important yet one that people understand the least and it makes me laugh because if
 you look at traditional selling a product or a service like people know this is how do
 you sell the product or service.
 We call this online inside of our phones we call it copywriting.
 It's the words on the page, the headlines, the words in the video, the words on the webinar
 like all those things it's the words and it's funny because in traditional business let's
 say you are starting a vacuum company going door to door selling vacuums right.
 If you come to the door and you knock on the door and you're like hey I got a vacuum it's
 800 bucks.
 Nobody's going to give you money for that right.
 Yeah for some reason in our funnels that's what we do we have a picture of the thing
 and we have the price and the order button and that does not how things are sold right.
 If you want to make a lot of money selling vacuum cleaners door to door you hire a really
 good sales person to go in and sell the product right and good sales people can make a lot
 of money.
 We have friends selling vacuum, selling knife, selling pest control, selling alarms, door
 to door and sometimes you guys make hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars a
 year selling to door because they've gotten really good at selling and so inside of our
 funnels right we have this value ladder we're taking people through.
 We have the value at each step.
 We have the offer at each step but the last piece is we have to sell those things.
 We have to actually sell them just because you have a picture of a vacuum cleaner with
 an order button nobody's going to buy it unless you actually sell that thing and that's
 one of the disconnects for some reason people know offline but they forget when they come
 online and so that thing those words all the stuff on the pages is what we call copy
 writing okay.
 Now copy writing is something you can hire people to write copy for you and really good
 copytators charge a lot of money or you can learn how to do it yourself and there's a
 couple other ways to do that.
 Now a couple things I recommend.
 Number one is if you haven't read the book expert secrets the reason why I wrote this
 book was because a lot of people after they read the dot com secrets book they understood
 like funnel structure like here's page one and page two and here's the right order and
 those kind of things and I watched as the click funnels community started building amazing
 funnels but in so many people drive traffic those funnels and they never made any money
 and they come back to me like Russell why is this not working you said funnels are the
 greatest thing in the world and look at their pages and literally it's like the landing
 page there's a picture of a decouver with an opt in box and like what's that like with
 a game in the email they get that I'm like you like I wouldn't know that like how they
 do it they have again they have their product the picture of the product and a $300 order
 button it's like you need to sell the products and so the reason why I wrote this book was
 to help people understand how do you actually how do you sell things how do you position
 your offer how do you make an irresistible offer like what are the words and the phrases
 and how do you tell the stories in the way to sell your product and so I recommend getting
 this book if nothing else to understand like how to how to like how to put all the words
 on the pages the right way okay inside this expert secrets book some people think this
 is only it's only for if you want to be selling information products but the concepts in here
 are true for whatever it is you're selling understanding how to tell a story in a way
 that sells your product or your service the best sells people online and offline are
 people that are really good at telling stories and this book walks you through how we tell
 stories a story structure all those kind of things so if you read this it'll help you
 understand how to actually present your product in the right way without having to learn all
 the techie copywriting stuff that's honestly it's really hard it's kind of confusing and
 to be completely honest it's kind of boring the expert secrets book will make this exciting
 and live for you show you how to tell your story in a way that gets people excited about
 buying your vacuum cleaner or your coaching or your consulting or your supplements or whatever
 it is that you are selling so that'd be number one get this book and study the sections on how
 to tell your story number two one of the shortcuts that we created because a lot of people struggle
 with this piece they create the funnels and it's just like they send people and they don't make
 money and they're like well so how do we do this we're providing value we've got really good offers
 but still not working and again the last step that makes this all just magically work is the
 copy and so what we did is Jim Edwards is one of our partners here at ClickFunnels he went through
 the .com secrets book and took all the sales scripts in here he went through the expert secrets
 book and took all the sales scripts and storytelling scripts inside of here and we created a separate
 company and created a software program called Funnel Scripts. Well Funnel Scripts is a really
 cool tool where you're like hey I need a headline for my page you may not know what to do or like
 what to put in so you fill in the answer four or five questions you click a button and it's
 going to pop out like 150 of the best headlines in the world wrapped around your product and your
 service. If you're like I need a video about what to do you fill in a couple pieces you click a button
 and boom it gives you the entire video script it does all of the scripts and the copy ready for
 all your pages that are done in there and it has helped so many people save so much time to have
 so much success it is an external product you don't have to have it to be successful but I recommend
 looking through it and getting a copy because it'll make your job so much easier okay so with that
 said what your homework is for today is it's going to be kind of a fun and there's kind of a hybrid
 at different levels you can take it at when you click the button down below I'll take your order
 video and there's a video of Jim Edwards and I talking about copywriting helping you understand
 how it works how the scripts work and that training alone will give you the the foundation you need
 if you want to just go and start writing your own copy number two is I highly recommend
 getting this book so you understand how to tell your story on each of the pages inside of your
 funnel and then the third thing if you're able to invest in it there's the software called Funnel
 Scripts to get it's a separate company but Funnel Scripts is a really good software that will write
 all the scripts for all the pages in your funnel and there'll be a link there for a webinar you can
 watch it the webinar will show you all funnel scripts work it'll explain the whole process
 you'll see demos of it and you can side for yourself if it makes sense or not but if your funnel's
 struggling or if you're struggling writing all the words and the headlines and all those things that
 are kind of typically not second nature to people um funnel scripts will make that process so easy
 I've seen people um who in the past uh would spend four or five weeks trying to write all the
 copy in their in their funnels give that process done like an hour hour and a half sometimes and
 it's very simple and it's very easy so that is a shortcut that'll dramatically speed up your success
 but the copy is is probably the most important part of the funnels okay you have the value ladder
 you got the offers and the last thing is the copy to actually sell those things and you're
 selling everywhere you start at the ad right something sees the ad like what's the copy on the
 ad what are the words what are the things that get people to click on the ad then they come the
 first page of the funnel what are the words they get them to want this offer so you can provide value
 to them then they opt in or whatever they go the next page it's like hey what are the words
 they make them want this offer so they get values and they want the next thing from you and that's
 the last piece so it's it's so vitally important what you guys understand copywriting is is the
 key to make these funnels tick so lights them on fire what's gets people to take action when they
 come into your process and so I want you guys to understand it so again click the button down below
 watch the training video hope you understand copy better then read the book to understand how to
 tell your story and then number three if you're able to funnel scripts go and get it because it'll
 speed up the process so much for you and that's kind of the game plan so with that said that is the end
 of this walkthrough and this should help me this will give you hopefully give you the foundational
 information you need to understand why funnels and why it offers and value and all these different
 pieces that are essential for you being successful now you understand the core basics of funnel
 marketing and hopefully my goal of this was to help you not just become really good at click
 funnel to help you understand the marketing behind it so you can have success with your funnels and
 you know we have a philosophy a model whatever you want to call it here inside of click funnels
 we talk about our customers all the time you probably heard me talk about it but it's a concept of
 you're just one funnel away right and the key to making that funnel hit is is this it's the it's
 all the pieces we just went through it's understanding the value adder creating offers
 having the copy like all those pieces those are the keys and one funnel again you hit one funnel and
 it'll change everything for you and so I want you guys to understand that with that said I hope
 you enjoyed this training and congratulations will give you your badge now and now it's time to get
 your funnels profitable and making you some money would you like to see behind the scenes of what
 we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free behind the
 scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
