 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 (music)
 Everyone, hope you guys are an amazing today. It's uh
 We are a week away today and some day from day the event will be live
 and so I'm actually heading into the office right now because
 It's kind of late to see if you're on camera because
 I've got a lot of slides to live you
 So I've yet to finish any presentation. I've gotten close on a couple but
 There's so much work that they goes into this and
 Anyway, it's it's really fun
 But I wanted to just mess GSA because this morning is getting ready
 I just listened to a podcast and that's a lot of podcasts
 but the one I was listening to today was Nathan Lacas the top and
 He was interviewing the CEO of HubSpot, which was kind of cool
 HubSpot for those who knows kind of one of our competitors only not like directly
 I was telling
 Clint this morning. He's our he's my
 CFO slash
 He's my wife's cousin so he stayed over last night. He travels into
 To work in the office. I wanted to use a week and then goes back to where he lives normally but you see it last night
 So this morning I was telling them about how to spot a little bit and I was like they're kind of like the yin to our yin
 They're all about like putting out good content and people will come to you and hopefully buy yourself someday
 Maybe and I were like build a funnel and drive traffic to them
 But like their suite of tools is like kind of similar right like a landing page software. They got CRM
 They've got you know all these kind of things so anyway
 really really cool
 interview that they were doing but it was fun because I
 Don't know for me. It's like maybe it's just a competitive part of me
 But they started in the stats and their numbers what they were doing and like
 God like it just got me excited to like okay cool. They're doing almost a million dollars a day. We're it
 I don't know about a quarter of that right now. So I was like, okay, and we have more customers. We've got about
 Almost doubles many customers as they do, but they're doing it based on anyway
 It was interesting is what they were showing and what they are doing is almost identical to
 One of the big shifts and big changes that we're gonna be launching a fun liking live
 Which was cool because it's like oh sweet
 We're we're on the right path or doing the right things, but it gave me someone to
 Start chasing towards again, which is fun. It's been a while like all of our other competitors
 We blew past them and it's just like huh?
 What do you do when the competition's gone and so for me? It's tough because I'm like I not that one like
 compete, you know like whatever like
 I think most of you guys know I'm pretty competitive at this point
 But it's just like I need to have someone that running towards
 Or else it's it's tough for me to like just have that energy and excitement of like okay, where we're like yeah
 So now it's like all right so hub spot. This is the numbers of stats is where they're at now
 We know now I've got a shot now. I've got like a place to aspire and send to and to run towards and so it just pumped me up
 This morning so for you guys I
 Know I don't we have people listening to this all different levels of business from you know a lot of startups
 All the way people that are making you know tens of millions of dollars
 And so what I would recommend is like and this goes back to funnel hacking 101 right like find someone to model like
 That's not just talking at their landing pages. They're offers or they're whatever, but it's like really understanding like
 like
 Who who the marketplace like who's there who's leading the way who's proven this model before you? How do you funnel hack them like?
 Your house bought maybe excited go funnel hack how they're doing their pricing strategy talked a little bit about that
 I'm like okay cool
 That's their pricing strategy and then it's how to do this and so they do this and so it's like it gets me all like
 Excited to run to run towards that now
 It gives me motivation knowing this possible knowing that it's doable
 No, it's something's done before and it's like sweet
 Forming miles and broken down on order run how to run in the direction and they've left clues and all they left clues
 I you know, it's funny
 We we started kind of funnel hacking sales force as well last year
 So we listen all the sales force books and self-worths event and I really understanding them a lot better and their path and their journey
 It's given us a lot of like momentum in it and which has been really cool
 But now I'm like sweet now. I got hub spots and go read the duties written through your four books
 I'm gonna read the books and start studying them and like I'm sorry geeking out
 And start funnel hacking the business not the funnel their funnel sucks little landing pages are so bad
 I don't say I know how they have any customers. I shouldn't say on public, but they are really bad
 Hub spot CEO. I can't remember your name. You're awesome. But if you want me to help you fix your models, let me know
 But like that's not what they're good at but what they are good at is is different when I'm good at it
 So it's like sweet
 I've got some to model some to look at some of the chase on to to aspire towards so I'm I'm pumped
 And I'm excited and I'm gonna start studying and geeking out and funnel hacking and I want them more about him and his company then
 Anybody else on earth here within the next two or three months, which is kind of cool
 So this brings me to the moral of today's story the moral of today's story is you need to do your dang homework
 It's funny. I have people all time that come to me like hey Russell watching this kind of business. I'm like cool
 So and it's funny because I'm kind of obsessed this like in most markets
 I know the key players and I'm like so, you know, so and so like no like you know so and so no you heard a song
 So no my dude, how is it that I know more about your market than you do?
 This is not a good thing like you need become obsessed with it
 Like if you're in a market or you're going into a market like you need to know who are the players who are the gurus?
 Who what are the events like what are the things that you need to go to them?
 I go to the live events go meet the people go buy the people's products like become obsessed with the do your homework
 Because you're trying to go competing into a market. You didn't even know about like it's not very very smart
 But if you know that's like okay cool. Here's the players. Here's where people are at
 Here's the good old boys club. Here's the events that are happening. Here's the hierarchy of
 Things here's the people at the top here's people in the middle people the bottom
 Here's like like all that stuff's out there. You just got to go and look for it and it's worth finding
 So funnel hacking isn't just landing pages. It's not just traffic sources. It's it's everything
 It's all the pieces all put together. So hope it helps you guys
 That's what I got. I'm gonna go in there and get some slides done get prepared for liking life
 Hope you guys prepare yourself as well. This event is gonna change some of your lives and I'm excited for it
 So all right guys, I'll talk to you. Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
