 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope that yesterday
 You're gonna get time hanging out Gary Vee. So just put some perspective his speaker fees to come to something like this
 It's about a hundred grand and that's about what I had to spend to get him to Boise
 To hang out and to give this presentation and you guys had a chance to hear it here for free
 So what's that mean number one it means that this podcast is awesome. Do you agree?
 Do you agree if you guys can agree and you concur then I ask you one little favor tell the people about it
 If you're an email us tell them you post on Facebook let people know
 I just put a hundred grand to give these two podcasts and you're going for free because I love you and I care about you
 I'm gonna be successful. So I hope you get some good out of it
 Get every time you're Gary speak. I get more pumped up and motivated excited
 I don't know if you ever gives the tangibles like here's the steps to do but that's my rule
 That's what I do for you guys. So I'll give you the tangible. Here's the process and Gary you pumped up
 So that's okay with that said we're gonna jump into part two of his presentation
 Once again, we have edited out as much profanity as possible to make this
 PG maybe PG 13
 Slooks so that my podcast is stay clean for all the kids and people like me who like to listen clean things
 I hope that's all right. Anyway, that said you guys enjoy part two of the Gary V show
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Josh Gary I want to talk about you near Portman. Yeah, absolutely. Thanks. I want to talk about influencer marketing. Yeah
 YouTubers vloggers Instagramers a lot of people are talking about Facebook ads Instagram ads snapchat ads
 ROI we can measure ROI as those
 It's you can measure with influencers, too. You can but it takes a lot longer. No, it doesn't house a you've got to make the creative
 Be a sales creative instead of a brand creative. You can't measure the ROI Facebook either when you do it the way
 I do it because I'm pumping it for brand
 I'm not trying to sell you
 I can measure it if I had a forty nine dollar course
 So how much people are confused between branding and selling
 Make phenomenal and influencers go for the sale in the creative if they choose to and you can afford them
 Logan Paul sold a load of Dunkin donut gift cards
 sales
 Super measurable Josh
 So would you focus like let's pretend you're not Gary Venerchuk, right?
 Let's take you out of the equation you are am I you're you are a 41 year old 42 41 still 41
 It's a little you're a 41 year old nobody right you have say a million dollars of investors behind you
 Then you're definitely not nobody
 Let's just contact Joshy all right fine. You're a
 Girl nobody yeah, you're getting into the game right yeah
 Would you focus on growing your personal brand or would you focus on leveraging other people's personal brands that's already thing?
 So you would you would you ride the backs of?
 using the people that you're
 Building like that you're investing in and sure
 Yeah, okay like if you're trying to are you asking let's Josh?
 What are you asking? I'll give you the answer you're trying to build your personal brand I
 Am trying to build my personal brand actually yeah, absolutely
 Are you thinking about but I want to build my personal brand in a different niche then the
 Influencers that I want to invest in understood. I think that is long understand this just because they may be in a different niche
 They have so much awareness that the people that watch them may be into other things
 Got it. Yep. So if it's a good deal on awareness you might be able to convert and then your product has to be good cool
 Do you know what I mean? Yeah, like that's the math you're looking at you don't have to use the targeted nature of the ads
 If the influencers are better deal even though you might lose
 85% of the audience because that's not why they're watching them
 But they're still gonna get 15% of opportunity and then the whole kittin kaboodle is are you good enough?
 All right one last question um I am a die hard die hard Patriots fan if if Tom Brady makes it to a Super Bowl this year
 Will you go to the Super Bowl with me on me? No?
 And not only that I've been to the last six Super Bowls
 They've been there two or three times, you know
 And I'm now with Bainer sports and Steve Ross 200 dolphins my business partners
 I go and the owners dinner. It's all fun
 The last two Super Bowls to the last three Super Bowls
 I left the city Sunday more I've not watched the Patriots play a down of a Super Bowl game in the last four Super Bowls
 That they played in because I refuse everybody's like the greatest comeback in a Super Bowl. I'm good
 I have no idea what you guys are talking about. I didn't see shit
 Well, you like winners and I'd like to invite you to winning team. No, no, no Josh you Josh you're confused my friend
 I'm a winner you root for winners dick
 Be careful
 That by the way, you just witnessed my favorite move Nick's heat game seven years ago dude walks by beer
 Remember sports muscles guys. I get up. I'm like you suck sit the damn
 I mean it I get weird you said the people he looks at me goes. Yeah, we suck look at the scoreboard
 I go not them you call you suck
 By the way the darkest version of what you just saw and Josh knows I love him
 But the darkest version I go to Foxborough for every game
 We always get on around the third fourth quarter when I'm really getting on because I bring my jet jersey
 I'm running in there proper, right?
 Somewhere around the fourth quarter when I'm getting on I change the conversation. I'm like look Zann
 I'm super pumped that your entire self-esteem is wrapped into your football team because you work at pizza hut
 And so you my life's better than yours. Maybe your football team is better than mine, but I'm better than you Zann
 Jared hey Gary so
 Going back a little bit you talked about intuition right and belief in your intuition. Yes
 I'm a two-day idea guy right idea and then me two after two days. I'm like
 Like a seven that you let two right more right Nicole like eat that like he bothers the fuck out of you right?
 Yeah, he's like what about a drone ice cream company
 Go ahead. That's a good idea
 So how do you develop that intuition and how do you like support and strengthen your belief in your own intuition to my
 I act by acting on some of them
 The biggest problem is especially when you have like people around you is like you want to be right
 Right like it's much better than getting made fun of for being wrong consistently, but like
 By picking like just by I try to do stuff every you know everyone's like oh you're always in it like doing like
 Just try and like nobody talks about the stuff that I'm doing that guys
 Nobody remembers the part where Michael Jordan couldn't get to the finals because the Pistons were beating him every single time
 Thomas you know what I mean guys let me really unleash you doing more
 Nobody remembers the losses
 as
 long as you have a win and
 You know
 Like listen some of you know my stuff and like I'm starting to like figure out my own stuff
 It comes down to six people your mom your dad your siblings your loved ones
 You're doing so much based on their points of you on stuff. You can't even imagine
 You can unwind that you're off to the races. It scares me how much I value
 My wife and parents opinion and how much I don't at all and in that balance I
 win
 On a macro I value them, but on a micro my decisions not at all
 You know so you just got to do one or two of them
 You go you go one for seven. It's a lot better than going. Oh for oh
 Yeah, thank you guys last question. Yeah
 Sign it. Yeah just on my book hundred percent
 Hi, let's do it while I'm signing. What's your question Katie? Hi Gary?
 I'm Katie Richardson
 And I was first introduced to you as I was trying to go to bed at night and my husband's got his phone on and I'm hearing this
 We're guy make a rant in a cab throw and throw in F bombs your mother word
 I'm like what the heck is this and turns out you speak tons of truth
 And so you have won over this mother of four who's a business owner and I love it
 And so that's part of what my question to you is is like you own who you are and I love that and like that's what people are
 So attracted to right hundred percent you're up there being Gary at what point like you talked about how
 You work worked with your dad and it was a three million dollar company
 Then you took it at 10 million after he left at what point did you like give yourself permission to be you and then realize like tell us
 That story of and when you were like wow, this is working people are connecting with me and my way of being and
 Like what was that like when you're like this is working? I feel like I'm gonna keep doing this
 You know, it's funny. There's thank you first of all. There's a lot of things there number one
 It is 100%
 Because of nature nurture being an immigrant and always having a chip in your children
 You're always an outcast to begin with at some level and I was a Russian immigrant
 Which was our major enemy when I was a kid
 So I had some weird going on that I tell a whole lot because it's not as relevant these days
 But there's a lot of parallels to whoever the bad guys are now
 I was the bad guy. It's kind of weird for a little while number two
 My mom came my mom blight like I remember walking sophomore year in high school. No freshman year in high school
 I'm four foot eleven my freshman year high school. I spurred it in sophomore year
 I'm I have the worst mullet you've ever seen in your life
 I've got a backpack that I'm rolling with that's bigger than me and I'm walking down the hall and I go
 I remember I remember vividly. I'm like wait a minute. I'm not the best-looking
 Awesomest dude in the world like my mom had me so brainwashed
 I'm being serious on straight positivity that like
 That never went away like my mom if I opened the door for a woman like my mom was super smart
 I'm doing the same thing she would make if I open the door
 This is a true story Katie. I opened the door for a woman when I was nine at McDonald's
 Let's that's the story. I went to McDonald's
 Moment was coming. I held the door open for her. My mom reacted as if I won the Nobel Peace Prize
 And she did that about all the that matters which makes me who I am today fourth grade Katie fourth grade
 I got an F in a science
 Test I needed to get it signed because I guess that's how they used to do it
 I don't know if they still do that I flushed it down the toilet
 because my dad hadn't gotten to me yet and and and then like I was like but I was still a kid so my
 Conscious was still around and so I just couldn't sleep and I told my mom and
 Basically three weeks later. I was sitting in social studies fourth grade and said this I'm out and from that day on
 I decided to fail every class work on my business skills and become who I'm gonna be
 I love it. Thank you. You're welcome
 Second time
 Sorry, sorry Brett
 I just had a quick ask I make amazing baby products and I don't know if you're still having babies or not
 But if you need like the awesomest baby gift for a friend come to me my company is called punch like baby
 Pudge semi-melted Gary of intermediate. Okay in the title
 Write our entire story. I was the one with the four kids. Okay, the husband in the bed
 And you won me over and the pudge and this all of it awesome and then we'll interact
 Yeah, I'll make you look amazing as a gift giver. Thank you
 You're welcome
 Brett so I was gonna say this my second time seeing you and it's funny how a different energy a different audiences like the first
 Time I went you were like you even told the audience. I am not excited to be here
 I looked at your stuff it sucks
 And and the lady had been like talking about coaching the whole time and then you're like don't do it just do stuff
 Anyways, it was awesome. It was just a couple months ago and probably but it was funny
 But anyways quick side question was like do you sense different energy and audience 100% okay?
 Because it's like it is the same I only I have my religions and my beliefs then I have my craft
 So I'm doing everything state of the art right so I have my thesis is then I have my work
 I was in Seattle yesterday spent nine hours
 Understand the voice space a lot my craft my craft
 So I have my thesis is Brett I have my craft and my the reason I'm doing well and speaking is I take my thesis
 Is I take my craft which sometimes has some nuances that are valuable right?
 Usually always ahead of the market and then I reverse engineer the actual audience I
 I reverse engineer the audience like I give a lot of thought and speak to the people that organize
 Who are you where are you in your funnel of life and like what can I bring to the most general?
 And how quick can I get the Q&A so that whatever I miss in the general we can get to in the details?
 I totally agree because it's just a different energy that I feel this time versus last time
 But my big question is please you think of like the var ball
 Yes, Kim Kardashian
 Yes, or even Donald Trump for that matter like hacking culture
 Yeah, like what are your thoughts on them and like is that the kind of thing you want?
 Is that the kind of you talked about fame being the biggest arbitrage?
 What are your thoughts on those kind of people?
 So there's a really interesting thing that I believe in which is until you know somebody you don't know somebody right and so like look I mean
 But getting political never works
 But like you know Trump's got his shtick right and the like he won on my thesis for the last 10 years
 Right Kim Kardashian literally is like like we are all living in reality TV people
 Reality TV in Hollywood then he's on influencers
 They're all gonna pay because if you're not abiding to what the consumer wants you will always lose
 It doesn't matter what you want on your ivory tower. It matters what the world is consuming
 But I don't to be very very very frank. I don't think about it a whole lot, right? I know why they're winning they were native
 DJ Khaled is an unbelievably important
 case study in the in the last 10 years and the next 10 years his
 personality was native to a platform at the right time in the right moment and
 he
 disproportionately changed his career on that back Kim Kardashian Donald Trump
 Navigated reality TV when reality TV was what social media has been for the last four years
 Somebody here is gonna get inspired and make a voice
 Application for their business that will be that for when voice is here in two years for the next six years
 From 2020 to 2026
 It's literally the same game over and over Brett. So I want
 What I want listen fame and exposure, you know, like it doesn't change you it exposes who you are
 So I don't know how you personally judge those three and everybody here judges those three differently
 Not just want to be known for what I am and who I am and how I roll
 Appreciate that. Thank you. You got it
 Right here. Hey, hey, how are you?
 I'm here with my amazing husband Josh who is like my backbone and amazing business partner
 I'm a little googly talking to you because I remember meeting Justin Timberlake when I was 14
 But you're like my 32 year old backstreet boy
 He was an in sync. I yeah, I love them all but I love you more
 For the past seven years you've given me the ability to be really authentic
 I'm in a niche where it's very club promoting nice network marketing
 Yep
 So I basically for the last seven years have sold my soul to direct selling companies
 and they made a lot of money and have built an incredible following of network marketers and direct sellers and
 Now that I built a great team that's passive and I serve them and I love them
 But I really want to branch out into more mainstream impact
 Primarily to female entrepreneurs and I want to know what's your recommendation for semi-like me?
 Who's had this huge niche?
 They all expect me to be the prospect or the closer the lead generator the team builder to now to say all right
 I'm someone if we had coffee
 I'm gonna give you the 90% answer because there's 10% that's too personal and I want to do it here
 You'll net you have I have to figure out how mainstream you want to be I'll buy you coffee
 I'm sure
 Every day I don't know how mainstream you want to be so like if you want to be mainstream
 Like the cover of Forbes and like like mainstream like all the way mainstream you'll have to give up network marketing. Yeah
 completely
 Yeah, and I have no problem with whatever God has for me. I just would know I mean that's the it's it's a stunningly
 Binary answer rates correct if you know if you want to go mainstream you have to give it up
 Because it is not a what's that because of the stigma a hundred percent
 Yeah, and then my last question the math around how many people make money in it and how many don't correct
 My last question is is there any trends that you see or platforms or any advice that you see with women entrepreneurs primarily
 My age 30s 40s. Yeah, so the thing you know, it's funny Katie, right?
 Hey
 Katie said the most important part I've become unbelievably fascinated and empathetic about the difference between men and women
 You know, I'm super fascinated by it from a business standpoint. That's my lens to the world. It's harder
 to be 100% yourself when you're a woman than a man. I genuinely believe that because
 men are dick faces, right? And so the answer to your question is to
 be 100% radically
 transparently
 You
 I'm also massively empathetic. How that's difficult for everybody, especially attractive women
 That's the answer. Thank you. You got it
 What's up, man? So
 I've been good man. It's good to see you. So four years ago
 I was couch surfing and living out of my car and I sat in a room with Gary and 13 other 13 other kids
 and Gary told us that this app was gonna change our lives forever and
 It did and Gary was such a positive change on my life now. Unfortunately
 They deleted the app. What do I do?
 Actually, I just wanted to make that joke, but I
 knew but for real question real question for you when you run into your failures and you see it like you're at your rock
 Bottom. Yes. What's your next move because I'm always trying to reinvent myself. Yep
 And I'll do things that work and then I'll do things that don't work
 You and some of your friends are the tip you guys have a big advantage and
 All of you have gone a little bit different with that transition of mine and what happened on staff gen and Instagram and things of nature
 But you have something very special first of all you talent, right?
 Second of all you've once tasted what it's like to buy beachfront property in Malibu. I know I live in an apartment
 So yeah, that'd be nice. You know what I mean?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, you KAA you knew what it meant to your career by being one of the first 40 people that mattered on a platform that became huge, right?
 Yeah
 Instead of trying to what what you and others that have by the way, you know why I wish you could see the goosebumps
 I have right now it happened to me. I won Twitter
 Yeah, and then you know I then I wasn't at the top of stuff like I was in that
 6 7 and 8 world, you know, right? Why do you think the buying thing and this is where I'm going with this
 It's you basically if you choose to it's gonna happen again
 And let me explain why the reason I got you guys all together and I flew to LA and met with others of you like the reason
 I did that was it was black and white. I'm like I've seen this show before
 Right and yeah, you said that you actually said that you were like saying this is the new YouTube
 It just was so black and why and obviously it took different tax and ones that kind of tripled down on Instagram had what happened
 But you instead of trying to catch up to what's now
 I give you the recommendation that I took myself because I tend to only give advice that I've actually done because it just feels better
 You got it. You got to either
 hibernate make do grind through and spend all your time looking for that next one
 That is one that you should be downloading you you should be down you you should be downloading a top 100 app in the Apple store
 That is social or consumer-facing every day of your life creating an account and producing the first piece of content
 Okay, I'm gonna do that awesome
 Fellow for 11 freshmen here, I love it
 Really quick question made a little personal, you know, we have this engine all of us in this room have this engine
 We can't we have a hard time shutting off. It's yeah, it makes us successful. How do you jump?
 How do you balance work and family? How do you do it?
 By first and foremost not adhering to the current state of political correctness that everybody here is deployed on me
 Most of all right and second extremism. I almost took the whole entire month of August off
 Like I go all in
 Right. I go when I'm in this like Monday through Friday. I do not see my kids
 pretty much at all
 39 weeks of the 52 weeks in the year just what it is and then on weekends and
 You know seven weeks eight weeks of vacation a year. I'm all in the other way. That's how I do it
 For me, but that is only uniquely gonna work if me and my partner in crime are aligned on that strategy
 Audit that strategy every day by the way, I don't even want to do it anymore as now they're eight and five and not five and two
 They're just more interesting to be around, you know, so
 So like for example, I guarantee you in 24 more months this exact trip
 They're here and we go to you know, we go and see the Grand Canyon or something, you know, so like like, you know, I
 I'm
 So sad that so many people do certain things in parenting because that's what the other parents think they should be doing
 like I
 Don't know like I just want to make a very important statement that I implore every parent in this room understands
 Everything that is right in parenting right now by the common standards will not be in 20 years
 You're gonna be judged one way or the other
 so
 Thanks, you got a brother
 Gary over here. Oh, sorry. Hey Alex. Hey, how are you? Good fellow 42 year old
 I think your mom and my mom should hang out broke as I think similar stuff. Hey, mom
 Yeah, she sounds amazing and then just want to let you know like validation on the sound totally true because I like literally take a shower
 With you every morning. So thanks brother. Yeah, dude. I just play it. I got a little shower thing. I listen to your audio
 I get it gets me going. So thank you that visual is awesome
 I didn't even think about you seeing the visual, but not I think about yeah, I could have got a different way
 Thank you, so I got two part question for you one is on culture
 so
 our our company is grown and now we're doing pretty well and I'm
 You've been to like nine figures, and that's where we want to go right?
 So my first question is okay from a culture standpoint when you grow rapidly
 How do you embed the culture to make sure that it grows with the right people right?
 So we don't values manifest those ready. Yeah
 How do you get?
 muscles
 by doing push-ups
 You do it consistently every day I
 Spend an ungodly amount of my time on HR
 Like now I have 800 employees the biggest thing I'm working on for 2018
 So I have an open door policy, which is not working for me
 It's real open door like the key big thing for my two admins and assistants is when an employee ask they get booked
 Whoever first day nine years done
 Not working they think I'm fancy and Gary Vee they they're scared nobody wants to really talk to their CEO
 So next year I'm gonna mandate
 That I see every one of my employees every six months for 15 minutes, which is gonna eat up
 Big amounts of time
 Culture is the only thing you trade on so you're gonna see all 800 employees 15 minutes. Yes twice a year
 Okay, so literally
 When I do the one-on-one time it always works, but I'm just thinking now from scale at standpoint like how the heck scaling the unscalable
 Is how you build long-term wealth?
 That's good one. Thanks
 I didn't get up here for now
 How we know I get paid to stay out of that
 Second my second question was okay as you grow obviously have things you get you've got haters, right?
 I'm sure that people don't like you and whatever sure so I always focus on the mission and the vision
 And the people that we're helping right but when you get like certain people
 I mean still effects like me like when I get stuff so how do you overcome that so you can keep growing empathy?
 For them. Yes, and like just with their life circumstances or sure if a human being can generate hate
 They're not in a good place
 Okay
 So what do you do mentally and mindset to just keep going I deploy gratitude that I'm not them
 Okay, got thanks man. Thank you. Hey man
 So I started on vine as well doing like yeah, and now I do it on Instagram
 And I grew a large following on there very large. Yes. Yeah, and it's still growing a lot
 But I want to be ahead as you say and I know I have a lot of meetings about VR
 Yes, and creating content within VR
 I'm a very anti-consumer VR guy. Yeah in the in the timing that I like
 So everything for me is 24 36 months. Yeah, right?
 I just don't know how many people are consuming at the scale that you would be giving up opportunity costs in other places in
 36 months of VR until I see
 Even one person consistently consuming VR
 Like an hour a week like if I can find one human who's not a really weird nerd
 Who spends one hour right so I think the reason you're feeling that is in your in the LA bubble
 Everybody's pumping a ton of money from venture capital into VR
 Yeah, and it's literally I don't like I mean the thing you should study is what happened to the web in
 99 2000 the whole you've probably seen at pets.com all these companies were worth their drilling
 That's what I feel about VR. It's coming Amazon's coming right eBay's coming
 But I think for you and knowing the arbitrage that you can trade on I don't believe like if I was talking to you every week
 I'd be like that's not a good place to be spending your energy. Okay. That's my intuition
 Yeah, I do think voice is incredible
 And then I think for you specifically because I know enough from afar
 We don't know each other super well, but I know a lot from afar
 You might want to think about what you want to put that energy into what bucket?
 That's why it's good that you're here, right? What I do think
 These guys do that sales and quant like or if it's you know a brand or an event or you're gonna be able to
 Push that energy towards something you need to take a step back and get thoughtful with yourself
 I'm like what other interests you have or you know that that wouldn't come natural as the first thing
 You would think like the five or six things you think of health and wellness and lifestyle. It's interesting
 It's probably something subtle putting your energy into building in that world if you want to really double down on entrepreneurship is a good idea
 You're welcome all right guys. We have time for only three more questions
 So we'll go miles over there and then we have two here and that'll be it Charles get up there. We'll do four
 So your face all right hey Gary I am
 Big fan of mental models and ways to kind of overcome challenges. Yeah, and
 I like understanding other people's processes
 So my question to you is what is your number one business challenge right now?
 And what is your process to come up with that solution? I'm crippled by opportunity is my number one business problem and
 It's similar to what I gave over there. I'm just attacking it with blind
 intuition I
 Every time me and my team try to attack it from a quant standpoint. It's too foreign. It's moving too fast on us
 And so
 That's it man crippled by opportunity, which is a blessing in half as you can imagine
 But it's the truth, you know, it's the truth like do I say yes to a second season of plan of the apps?
 Do I like do I mean the nicks are for sale?
 It's like running through my mind, you know like like there's just a lock there's a lot going on man
 I have a lot going on
 Right, but I mean other than the intuition. I mean I gotta imagine if there's a bottleneck in terms of leverage
 There's where where's the time? I mean yeah in
 Intuitions to solve for the bottleneck which is making decisions and deploying my energies against those decisions
 So I'm leaving everything else on the side
 Very cool, you know, I decided a year ago. I was raising a hundred fifty million dollar fund
 I gave all the money back
 I lost it was the biggest financial loss of my career because I hired the staff and I was gonna pay the staff with the two percent
 if you know venture of
 You know the overall fund that I was gonna rate out 150 million dollars on that's a lot of money 2%
 I had a pretty expensive staff
 I was going through the process and I raised about 80 million dollars and one night
 I'm flying home and I'm like I don't believe in this. I don't want to spend this 150 million dollars on startups
 I think there's too much fake in the market. I don't know where to deploy it
 I think I'm gonna lose it and I gave it all back
 Right, mm-hmm. That's intuition thought process understanding, you know, so I'm just doing that every day
 Awesome. Thank you. You got it
 Hello big big fan
 Thank you
 But my girlfriend is an even bigger fan and I basically couldn't live down the shame of not asking your question
 I love it
 So I'm a social media manager and I would just love to hear about what you think is the best campaign
 You've ever ran and why do you qualify it that way?
 Sour Patch Kids candy we made it a cultural phenomenon because we gave we took all the money from television commercials
 Which go figure 12 to 15 year olds don't watch and we gave it to all the people that sit at that table
 Or the ones that look like them?
 We took in four and a half years ago
 We took sour patch kids marketing budget and put into Snapchat and Instagram when nobody was thinking that way and
 If anybody has a nine to seventy year old in her life, they eat sour patch kids
 Awesome. Thanks so much and so we have to answer the question the reason I quantify it that way wasn't there's been campaigns that we've done that have made more money
 Have you know got excuse me made more likes or awareness or more views?
 You know he he stands up here and he goes thanks to everybody. We have a hundred thousand views
 I already know him enough to know yeah, and
 What's what what's happening with those views?
 You know a lot of people in social media they plan vanity metrics not sales the sour patch kids is the answer
 Because we have had campaigns get more view this Budweiser
 Derek Jeter and Harry cat the stuff we're doing for Budweiser's insane. We've really crushed sales were changing a tough brand in the US
 But sour patch kids became the fastest grown candy in 20 years
 Awesome, thanks so much
 Over here Gary real fast. Oh, okay
 Hi
 Hi, so I'm a course creator and I also help entrepreneurs teach better so there's get better results
 I'm a little bit at across roads. I heard you talking about
 Being in a space that's a little over
 Saturday right and so course creation is a little that right of course
 I see though the chance to make better teachers to make their products better good
 That's one thing good, and I think I could do really well there great
 But I'm also around the opportunity of I'm a past tenure track professor, and I left
 Academia, okay, and as I was leaving fellow professors were like you figured it out like go I
 Also feel a calling to help professors kind of do what I do you should definitely do that so that scares the
 No, no, no, I've great news, but this is easier like helping entrepreneurs is so easy. Okay. No
 But this is back to that Kevin quite like it like you got to decide what you like by the way
 I have a crazy thing to tell you based on something I've been looking at please tell me the professors are about to become easier
 I know because they're all about to go out of business. There are no it's a sinking ship. Yes
 Yes, guess what this is the thing I wrote about in crush it
 I said all these newspapers and magazines are deep
 It's that the writers are gonna be better not worse
 They think they're gonna be these professors are about to get the money they deserve yes
 And and there's really a people in these for 36 months leave money on the table that was easy from the entrepreneurs
 That are never gonna make it and go help what's my first move?
 Start I mean your first move is to build the business structure like what's the business that you want to do?
 Do you want to be Ted conferences? Do you want to be a course?
 Do you want to teach one on one? Do you want to sell a product?
 I mean what you need to decide what I want to help them plan an exit strategy and to realize that there's actually money that
 There's a lot of professors that could probably make courses really good
 Yeah, so charge like charge the money for your knowledge if that's what you want to do
 Okay, and you know you can put that in seven different buckets. Yeah, right
 I'm telling you right now
 You're walking right into the one of what is going to be an enormously large space and the fact that you were one of them
 Do you know how much I kill with small businesses? Yeah, not because it's funny and hot because I was one of them. Yeah
 Thank you you're welcome
 Hey Gary, I'm Kaitlyn. Hey Kaitlyn. This is crazy to like literally be face-to-face to see right now
 So thank you so much for answering my question
 One of the reasons that I love you so much and love following you so much is I really resonate with the whole chip on the shoulder thing
 Yeah
 That's that's what drives everything that I do
 I grew up super poor like standing here with all these people right now is just
 Insanely surreal right and you want to kill them right? I don't want to kill them
 I want to like work all of you and I just hit me up please
 But this thing that's happened is I'm I feel like an entrepreneur on accident
 Honestly, okay and the thing that I love to do is is the business that I do that's making you money
 But recently I've started being like way more vulnerable about the whole chip on the shoulder thing and like
 In telling my story and that's resonating with a lot of people
 Hard like I hate doing that like I'm very introverted
 I don't like being out there that much, but that's what seems to be making the biggest impact. I'm great news
 What's binary?
 Either you do more of it and you get used to it and like everything in life once you get used to it
 It just becomes your norm and you didn't realize it now you may never be the most extroverted
 But you just expedited everybody here can be a better singer dancer and basketball player
 They may not become LeBron, but if you do it every day you get better you keep putting yourself out there every day
 You'll get better so you can either choose to do that or you could say I don't like it
 I'll leave the money on the table because I love the privacy and the private life and not having to engage and you do that
 It's your choice. You're in charge
 Are you an advocate for doing like what's harder though?
 I'm an advocate on doing I'm doing what you want to do not because I said so or your friend said so
 It's I'm an advocate of you doing what you want to be doing, but I always encourage to taste more
 Because it works you meet people here
 Do you know me people here hate oysters, but I've never had one
 I think about that every day
 That's when I think about business
 Like you've made a judgment on something yet. You've never done it
 So I'm you know, you know what I'm gonna say, you know, you've like consumed it the fact
 I mean I already know you're gonna do more of it because you've already done the hardest part, which is you've done it
 You're now a foregone conclusion to me KP
 You're just gonna keep doing it. You know like that. That's what you're gonna do
 Okay, you're just looking for me to give you a little more juice to do it a little bit more and a little bit more and a little bit more
 Which is amazing and I'm thrilled to do it because it's free here you go
 Thank you. You're welcome. Just really quickly. Is there anything that is hard for you?
 Like I know that I like know like your mindset the way that you think about things
 You're like I'm confident I can do this, but like yes, it hard. Yes, get up in the morning sometimes
 No, is anything hard at all spelling is impossible
 I can't read for if I was reading from a teleprompter right now, I would crumble and be out of here
 Can't read for like, you know fencing
 probably
 Hard oh, I'm really way below average and swimming poor swimmer like always think like I'll be super pissed if I like
 That's how if I die because we get like somebody hits a trip and I have to swim further than everybody and I'm like, uh, like
 Okay, can I get a few with you know why you asked that question
 validation no, it's the what no why you asked me of that question validation the first part the second part
 You're asking me that as somebody who knows a lot about me because I don't spend any time on it
 We all suck it
 So like I don't care how you judge mine you've got to so because I don't care about that
 I'm not the only reason people spend time on their weaknesses is because it's everybody else's opinion on it that they're trying to avoid
 I don't care about your opinion about my weakness because I know you've got them too. So let's just move on
 Thank you so much. Can I get a photo with you when you're done? Yes. Thank you
 Hey Charles hey Gary if you ever I swim a lot so if you ever
 Let me know
 I'm 37 so I'm not you know where you are at h wise
 But you know I've been lucky a few times in life and you know
 I've done well and done not so well and everything and I have done well
 I guess my question is you know, it's always the concept of the encore right, you know
 When my one company, you know, I've had a digit companies before and now I'm logic another one
 And I guess it's like how do you get into it make bets on it, but?
 feel
 Accomplished if you don't outdo your last time because I don't I do not even remotely think that the financial part is the way I score it
 Okay, you know what I mean? I mean, that's really simple like out doing the last one is
 You know even the way you position listen to your words. You're positioning it like if you're putting pressure on that
 I need a niner right
 Then you're then you're probably gonna especially you know, it's funny about positioning a niner when you've had an aider
 It's hard to get going. That's the that's probably the challenge. I know exactly what's going on with you Charles
 Yeah, and so that's why I'm asking you are you doing the ambition of a nine or ten or cuz you see the white space
 and you're gonna strike like a cobra or
 Is it cuz you really just want to do it?
 So let me give me an example what I've been doing for the last seven years. I
 Don't love it client services like having a 32 year old brand manager from the University of Chicago telling me what she should do with Captain Crunch when she
 Can't sell
 Actually from the USC so great. Yeah, so like not fun for me. Yeah, but I know why I'm doing it
 I decided at 35 36 that I was gonna spend 10 years of my prime
 as a business person
 building a death star of communication
 By eating and building a very big business and then I was gonna point that death star the Vayner X machine
 against the Crohn's and Colitis foundation because my brother has it and I want to cure it
 Some business that somebody comes along that didn't know how to run it
 So I bought it for a million and then I can get it to a hundred
 But I realized six seven years ago. I
 Now know who I am let me build the biggest infrastructure in the world around it
 And then whether it's to help, you know hurricane victims or sell sneakers
 I'm gonna be able to point this thing. So for me. I
 Don't look at my Ibadah. I don't care how much we're growing
 I've made a 20 year decision that I'm in the process of and I'm gonna execute against that and the numbers and dollars are just not the way
 I score if you've been lucky enough to have the success you've had and you're this young
 I would take a big step back and try to figure out
 You know what is like the most fun or the most macro thesis you can come up with?
 Great. Thanks. You're welcome
 Guys, thank you for having me
 It's just fun
 Thank you
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
