 What's up everybody welcome to the marketing secrets podcast? I've got something
 I'm really excited for you guys over the next five episodes
 Somebody has no idea the live event a couple months back called the five-day lead challenge where I went through the entire process
 Like how do you create a lead magnet that people will give you the email address for after you have that lead magnet?
 How do you then create a lead funnel build a generate least how then from there?
 How do you write the emails and from there?
 How do you drive traffic and how you do traffic for free if you don't want to pay for it and it was one of my favorite things
 In fact, I just want to page right now and over 1,300 people have shared video number one
 Like this is one that's it's a hot topic and I think it's something that's really really powerful
 And so I thought that it would be cool to pull this into the podcast so that way
 You guys can start listening to these concepts these principles and hear them over and over again
 And get these things ingrained inside of your mind now a couple things number one
 This is from a live event
 So there'd be times when I'm you know waving and showing things on a whiteboard and stuff like that
 You're not able to see obviously on an audio podcast, but if you'd like to see any of this
 It's all free at five day lead challenge calm. You can go there and you can see the videos plus each day
 There's homework assignments. There's one page
 Or you can download and a whole bunch of other cool things
 And so I said if you want to get access to that and see the video versions or get the one pages or whatever
 All you do is go to five day lead challenge calm go opt in for free and then give you access to all the
 All the homework and the goodies the bonuses the prizes and everything else so
 But right now I'm guessing you're probably seeing at home or maybe you're working out or you're driving
 So while you're doing that I want to start getting these principles ingrained inside your mind
 So with that said I hope you guys enjoy day number one of the five-day lead challenge
 This is all about generating unlimited leads. What does that look like? What's the business model?
 How does it work and hopefully you guys will enjoy this and then on next week's episode the next episode will go
 Deep into actually creating your lead magnet. So enjoy day number one generating unlimited leads
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Oh, man, I'm so excited for this. I literally could not sleep last night. I was tossing and turning in my bed
 And so excited. We've been putting in so much effort behind the scenes for the five-day lead challenge
 I just got a message literally right as I was walking on stage that we passed
 35,000 of you who registered for this challenge, which is crazy
 It shows how excited you guys are about what we're talking about. How many guys by the way are excited about we're talking about today
 If you are let me know in the comments down below
 I was looking at the comments before we got started and you guys are going crazy
 So I am so excited to be here with you guys today
 And this is something you'll be doing over the next five days. You know, this is the five-day lead challenge
 I'm going live every single day at the same time same place
 And walking us through the step-by-step process to start generating unlimited leads inside of your business
 And it's gonna be a lot of fun. The way it's gonna work. This is not gonna be something
 It's gonna be a full-day thing you're gonna spend you know five or six hours every single day
 That's something I've been going live every day at this time for probably anywhere from you know 30 to maybe 45 minutes max
 Some days might be even shorter. Okay, my goal during that time
 I'm gonna be sitting here in front of the whiteboard. I want you to understand a strategy. Okay, so I'm gonna map out
 Here's the strategy. Here's how you do a very certain thing
 Okay, and as soon as it's done
 I'm gonna give you guys a special link and at least gonna take you to the thing that we call a one-pager
 And the one pager is gonna give you a tactical video
 Okay, so the first half is me showing you guys the strategy that I need you all to understand
 Okay, and then you're gonna give you this one page and there's a video
 It's gonna walk you through the tactics the tactics is literally me sitting at my house doing the thing that I'm teaching you how to do
 Okay, a lot of times I'll teach something and people like okay
 I understand that conception. I know how that works
 But then they try to do it like I don't know what to do or how to do it
 So you'll get a video immediately after this with today's
 Tactics of me sitting in my house doing the assignment I did last night I recorded it and so you have a chance to watch that
 And then just follow along and copy what I do shouldn't take anywhere
 You know some assignments are short today. It'll take you by 15 minutes
 Tomorrow's will be a little bit longer, but hopefully my goal is that about an hour to an hour and a half every single day
 If you block that out every single day over the next five days by the end of day five
 You guys will have a machine that's created to help you generate leads, okay? And it's gonna be a lot of fun and I
 I'm excited so you guys and I know you guys are excited so I have 35,000 you have registered for this
 So if you're excited, let me know in the comments down below
 Cuz I love feeling my energy and see I can see all your faces right now. It's just fun to see see what we're doing
 So that's kind of the game plan
 Throughout this week. I've also got two guest speakers who are coming all we teaching day one day two day three and then day four
 I'm gonna be bringing one of my friend Jia
 Yada Golden's gonna be coming up. She's gonna be talking about email copyright and like after you're generating these leads
 What do you actually say to them right? How does that work? And then day five on Friday?
 Rachel Miller is gonna be coming. She's actually flying here to Boise to spend time with you guys
 To talk about how do you launch your leaf on how do you get leads coming in and how do you do it in a way?
 With free traffic cakes a lot of people some you guys who are here like this is awesome
 I don't have money to invest right now. I don't have the budget
 So we're gonna show you how to launch this thing and start generating leads for free
 That's gonna be happening on Friday
 So my time this thing is done all the pieces will be in place and leads will be coming in you have new leads coming into your business
 By by within five days from now. So that's my my big promise to you. That's my goal
 And so it's gonna be a lot of fun. I only asked you guys play full out
 Do the assignments pay attention to the strategy show up every single day for this strategy dump
 I'm gonna be giving you guys show up listen to understand it
 Right give you the one page or go watch the tactical video and then actually do the assignment
 Okay, if you actually do it you're gonna be successful at the end the biggest problem
 I have with with people who come to any of these programs or coaching or they buy a course or whatever they they listen to it
 Like oh, this is really good. They listen to it. They listen to it. They never do anything
 Okay, this is not one of those kind of courses. This is not something for you to listen to and feel good about this something
 I'm gonna give you guys. Here's the strategy. Here's the tactics go and do it come back tomorrow do the next step
 I'm gonna be piece by piece by piece until you've got the entire system
 Everything you guys need to be successful. That's how fair all right. So that is the game plan
 I'm not gonna lie. There's so many of you guys on I just want to talk all day today
 But I'm not gonna do that we're gonna keep it short
 So I want to make sure you guys have a chance to get to work and do today's assignment and get ready and prepare it for tomorrow
 But you've got to commit to coming back every single day
 Okay, this is five days if you if you commit for five days by the end of it
 I promise you as we can mold you we can change you and we can give you guys a result
 It's gonna change your business and for a lot of you guys is actually gonna change your life as well
 Okay, but you've got to commit so how many guys are now can make a commitment that you're gonna commit to show up every single day number one
 Okay, Rachel has that commit Russell. I'm gonna show up every single day and watch the strategy training
 Okay, it's first commitment the second commitment is as soon as the train's over
 I'm gonna go through the tactical and I'm gonna implement the thing you actually told me to do
 Okay, and you're gonna do it with belief that it's actually gonna work
 Okay, one of the biggest things that is gonna impede some of your success is some of you guys are skeptics, right? How many guys have ever
 Considerate like I'm always skeptical. I'm always making sure that everything's gonna be perfect
 Okay, I guarantee that a lot of you guys are skeptical
 In fact, most people I know who are skeptical never have success
 The people have success are people who get a coach and then they believe in that coach and they do what the coach says
 Okay, lean coachable is one of the most powerful tools that you're gonna have in your arsenal to be successful
 Okay, so if you're typically someone who's very
 Skeptical in life and I'm always skeptical about things
 I want to encourage you to take your skepticism for five days and just put it on the side and say look for five days
 I'm just gonna trust Russell 100% I'm gonna assume that he knows what he's doing. I'm assuming he's been doing this for a long time
 This isn't the first rodeo. I'm assuming he's got my best interest in heart because I'm not paying anything for this, right?
 If I did lead challenges completely free, okay?
 I'm my job is the next five days is completely over deliver and to blow your minds and so if you're would just be
 Take your skepticism put them on site and just do the process
 Okay, just do your best just try it out. I promise you by time day five is done
 You'll believe because it'll work for you. Okay, and that's kind of my game plan
 Again, my goal in this entire process is not to waste any of your time
 Okay, I know all of our time is precious and so that's why these are gonna be short sessions
 We can give you a little need and then get to work and give you guys the result before it's over that sound good
 Okay, so I want to kind of today is kind of an overarching strategy. I want you to understand where we are going okay
 I want you to say here's the broad picture what we're trying to accomplish now
 If you have the broad picture then day two day three day four and a five
 It's gonna be here step one step two step three step four and everything we got to do to execute
 Okay, so that's my game plan so to begin with
 I'm gonna cover some found fundamental things some of you guys may have heard some of these concepts before some you may not have
 But this is the the key thing you have to understand if you're gonna be successful in this five-day lead challenge
 But honestly to be successful in business as a whole okay when I first got started in this business
 I'm one of my very first mentors said this to me
 And I guess that some of you has probably heard this before but the thing I said is this
 They said Russell you have to understand the in business the money is in the list. Have you guys have heard that before?
 Okay, this is not a new concept
 But like for me it was like when I heard that was like what does that mean? What does it mean the money's in the list?
 Like I don't understand that I'm in business. I sell products. I sell services right
 It's the new you understand like the the list like the customers the people that you have this is your this is your real business
 Right the fact that I was able to send out a couple emails
 We got 35,000 people to register for this live it right you guys are my list
 I guess I said emails to my list and you showed up to this event now
 But I have chance to teach you and to train you right the money's in the list like that's the asset
 This is most powerful. Okay, so when my first mentor told me that I was like, okay
 That's kind of cool
 But I don't know what that means like like what is the list right and the list is just a bunch of leads
 Right one lead is a person right ten is is a is a is a bunch of leads right a hundred or a thousand
 That's a list of people okay, and so list is the key so in the lead challenge
 I go to generate a whole bunch of leads to the point where you've actually built up a list now to kind of
 Preface this before we get too deep into anything. I want I want you to understand the value of a list
 Okay, what is the list actually worth?
 Okay, so when I got started one of my first mentors
 He told me as he said Russell you have to understand basic marketing math and so this is what he said
 He said he said you start your business. He's like the numbers will change
 This is not an income claim
 This is just kind of the numbers a lot of people see inside of the industry. He says that you should be able to average
 $1 per name per month. That's on your email list, okay, and so
 They told me that I was like well, how does that work?
 I didn't understand it first and I'm sure some of you guys won't understand like well
 How does an email equal a dollar per month?
 Okay, and don't don't worry. I'll walk you through that and you'll kind of see that but that's what they told me
 So they said okay
 So what that means is that what that means if you have a thousand people on your list
 You should be able to make a thousand dollars a month, right? If you have ten thousand people on list
 You should make about ten grand a month if you have a hundred thousand people on list hundred grand a month and so on
 And so I remember hearing that and I was like oh my gosh, this is amazing
 Now I was in college at the time remember looking at these numbers
 I was like okay
 Well my goal and my goal at times like if I can make six figures a year that'd be like what my parents make like I would be
 That'd be insane, right?
 So I said okay
 This is my goal if I get ten thousand people on a list at ten grand a month ten you know ten thousand month times twelve
 That's one hundred twenty thousand dollars that six figures year that that was my goal and so I was like I gotta figure this out
 Now I didn't know how to get a list
 Nobody told me I just knew that I needed a list right that was like okay
 I need leads I need a list and so some of you have made for this story, but after I heard that I was like okay
 Like at all costs I need ten thousand people a hundred thousand
 I need to get these people on my list like make money and I know how to do that
 So I remember this is actually a picture
 This is my very first house my wife and I lived in after we got married we
 a year after we got married we bought this duplex and remember I was actually right here these windows in one of the bedrooms and in those bedrooms was
 My was my little computer desk. I was trying to learn how to how to start my business and
 I remember I was sitting there. I was like okay. I need to figure out how to get a list right?
 It was in this house. I got this principle from somebody and so I remember I
 remember going and
 And searching online like how to build an email list by how do you buy a list whatever?
 I remember eventually I found this website. I think it was like it was called like scammed or spam free email addresses.com or not
 Net or not something right and it was like we'll sell you a DVD with I think a million people's names on it for like 60 bucks
 And I was like wait a minute six million people's names email addresses
 And I I'm doing the math. I'm okay. Well my friend said one dollar per month per name my email list if I buy this list for 60 bucks
 That's a million dollars a month. I can make right? I'm doing the math in my head. I'm freaking out
 Like this is I figured it out like this is like I know how to build a business now, right?
 So remember I bought the DVD they sent it to me ended up getting in the mail had million people's email list on it. I took it off
 You know I downloaded the excel sheet and I'm so excited. It took me a couple days to figure out
 How do you how do you load it on a computer?
 How do you send these emails out and I had to figure this whole thing out?
 And remember the night that I queued up the emails I had the software my computer had a million people's emails in this thing
 And I told my wife at the time my wife was supporting me. Okay, those are my story
 I was wrestling a Boise State University
 So I was a college kid with zero dollars my wife was supporting us and I remember I told her that and I was like, hey
 This is the deal. I'm gonna send the email send send on this email
 Let's just go to a million people and money's gonna come flooding and I'm like you can literally quit your job tomorrow if you want it
 And she's like, okay like like good luck Russell, you know like super supportive
 But like I didn't know what's gonna happen and she's like, okay
 I don't think we're gonna make you what you're thinking
 But you know good luck have some fun with it and so I queued up the emails and I remember so writing email
 Clicking send and watching the first email like like one cent two three four five six
 I was like, this is it like this is like I figured it out right?
 I beat the internet and um, I remember going to bed that night like just lady bed all excited like dreaming
 It was like a kid going to bed our christmas morning like what's gonna happen like being so excited like in the morning?
 What if what if one percent of people buy something?
 What if only half of one percent buying I started doing all the math in my head and you know just dreaming about what was possible
 I remember the next morning I woke up and I first
 I ran out of my bed I walked the computer looking at the computer and overnight
 I think like 6500 emails had been sent and at first I was frustrated
 I'm like, oh why is this taking so long like all these email emails to be out because that means I'm gonna be rich
 When they you know when this all said and done and about the time my wife came in and she's like Russell
 I need to use the phone. I was like, why she's like, I need to call the office that you know where she worked
 I'm like no like you can't like we're making money here. You just quit. I just don't show up
 It's gonna be awesome. She's like I need to call someone so this is back in the days before internet
 Before we all had internet access if you guys remember this so those who are old school like me
 We had a modem and was plugged inside like climb under the desk go unplug the modem
 Plug her phone back in and as I was under this I plugged the phone back in all of a sudden like the phone starts ringing
 Well, I'm still under the desk. I was like, that's weird. So I crawl out from the desk
 I come in and answer the phone and on the other end there's this person screaming at me and yelling
 And I'm just like kind of confused and eventually I realized it's my internet service provider
 Okay, the person who pipes the internet into my house. I was sending out emails through and
 They're yelling like in the last like four hours. They're like 65 spam complaints from you boob. What's happening?
 Got it like freaking out and I I don't know. I mean no, no sir. You don't understand
 No, sir. You don't understand like I bought the email. I just some spam free email addresses.com
 These are these people want to get spam and the person yells at me
 And I remember the last thing they said before they you know threatened lawsuits and stuff said son
 That's the definition of spam and I was like what but
 They said you see an email that I'm so confused
 So eventually after they yelled me for a long time and threatened lawsuits
 They went and actually shut my internet access dot off and I lost my internet account
 And I remember I killed it like hanging the phone up and my wife
 My beautiful wife kalette. She's like, um, so who was that on the phone? I'm like, oh, uh, no one
 And please don't quit your job today. Like like just let's let's roll a couple more days, right? And so um
 Anyway, uh that day that day I remember like being so frustrated and I remember I couldn't check my email because I lost the internet access
 And I still a student at Boise State University at times. I put my backpack on I started walking to school all
 Depressed and sad I got to the computer lab at the school and I opened my email and then the craziest thing happened
 I opened my email
 And um, you know, I always see emails from people trying to sell me stuff
 It was the first time I ever opened my email and they're like five or six orders that had come in over the night
 And I was like wait what I started looking in sure enough five or six people had bought the thing that I'd sold through the email
 And I remember just being like, oh my gosh this worked. I did it the legal way, but like it worked like okay
 I got to figure this out. Like how do I how do I like how do I do a list that's not illegal, right?
 I don't want to go buy leads. That's not how you do like how do you generate a list of people who actually want to hear from you?
 And I started freaking out. I got excited and that became the question. Okay, the question was how do I generate leads and how do I build my own list?
 Okay, that was the question started running through my head. How many guys have that question in the past or you ever right now like okay?
 I want I want leads too like if we can make a dollar per month per lead like I want a bunch of leads in my my business as well, right?
 I mean I was thinking about that case. That was my question that became my quest like okay
 How do I generate leads? How do I build a list? I got to figure this out?
 I was working trying to figure it out. I was looking a bunch of stuff and eventually I heard rumors about this guy
 Um his pen name was uh David D'Angelo
 I've met him since then I've become friends with him his name is Evan pagan and at the time he had a business called double your dating and um
 And I heard rumors. I don't know what the numbers were people I say. Yeah, he's making you know tens of millions of dollars a year and all this kind of stuff
 And um and so I was I was you know trying to research everybody. I remember going to his website
 And went to his website when I saw with something I'd never seen before okay?
 This is what the website actually looked like it was this little page right here
 Okay, and I remember reading said you're about to learn the secrets the most men will never know about women
 I was like, okay, and I said inside you're gonna learn the kiss test how to tell if she's ready to be kissed
 And I'm reading I was like whoa, what is the kiss test? I I don't know what that is
 Okay, now putting this in context of my own personal timeline
 Uh about the time I'm reading this I had just gotten married to my beautiful wife
 Uh, we've married about a year. I just got her internet access shut down all these things right and I'm looking at this page
 I'm like, this is amazing
 And I was like I want to put my email address in there to see what in the world the kiss test is that I'm like wait
 If I put my email address in on this dating website teaching men how to get women
 What's my wife gonna think I never being like torn like I want to funnel hack this person
 I want to go and see what's happening behind the scenes
 But if if I do that that's gonna be weird for my wife, right?
 So remember that night like waiting for her to come home from work
 She was supporting me and she came home and I was like, well
 I need to ask you a favor. I think she was kind of nervous. I'm like
 Um, there's this website that is doing something cool. This guy's got this huge email list
 I don't know I don't understand what he's doing or how he's doing it
 But I want to like put my email address in to understand what he's doing can I do that?
 And she's like, yeah, why would you care? I'm like because this is a site teaching people how to pick up girls
 And she's like what I'm like, I know I don't even know I suppose see what he's doing
 I need to understand the process
 And so we should be kind of laughed about it and so she came with me and I came this page and I
 Together we opted in so I put my first name my email address and I clicked submit to get instant access to find out what the kiss test was
 Right so I did that I'm waiting on the next page to be blown away by like some video or some training course or something
 But on the next page all was this is what the page looked like
 Okay, it was like an article maybe a page and a half two-page article and the very top it said this is the kiss test
 Let me teach you how it works. Okay. Now again, I was married this time
 So I didn't hadn't been on a date outside of my wife for a long time
 So I didn't but I was trying to put myself in the context if I was a single guy who was struggling to get girls
 Like how valuable this information be to me. Okay, and so this is where the kiss test was
 David d'Angelo said what you do at the end of the day you walk and grow up to the door
 Okay, and as you're sitting there, this is the awkward spot right to my kisser
 I never freaks out and they want to run away, right?
 So this is the secret he's all you do go up there and you put your hand behind her hair
 Like you're gonna put her hair behind her ear
 Okay
 And if she turns if she pulls back that means don't kiss her run as fast as you can
 Okay, but if she turns her head into your hand, that's the key that she's ready to be kissed
 And then boom you go for the move and that's the kiss test
 I'm a reading that I was like oh my gosh like that
 It wasn't this huge long reporter PDF. It was like a paragraph
 It was this little paragraph right here saying this is the kiss test
 I'm a reading that I was like if I was a single guy right now. I just received value
 I was like oh my gosh that was that was really really cool
 What else does this guy have and if you kept reading the page or the bottom
 He's like hey if you want another tip like this go buy my e-book called w your day
 And he clicked there and it took you to go buy his e-book
 Which had a whole bunch of different tips and secrets like that
 Okay
 And remember looking at and I studied this old for like weeks
 I'm like this is how this guy's building this huge list
 He's got this weird website
 The only thing you can do is put your email address in and next page
 He gives you this really cool thing that dudes really really want
 And like this is how he's built this huge email list of hundreds of thousands of people
 It makes millions of dollars a year
 And so the more I look at that more I try to figure like how does this work
 I need to put these pieces together
 And what I realized and what I kind of find out
 As I started learning more about this is that this kiss test right this thing right here that he had created
 This is what we call a lead magnet
 Okay lead magnet something that's going to draw is going to track to your dream customers to you
 Okay, and a lot of you guys have heard of a lead magnet before
 But this is one of the keys to building your own list is the lead magnet something that people want
 Okay
 So for him he's in the market like I need to figure out how to pick up girls
 Okay, the lead magnet was the kiss test
 I'll teach you the kiss test if you give me an email address
 Okay, I'm going to exchange this thing for you
 Okay, and that was the lead magnet
 Okay, so I start thinking for my business like who are my dream customers?
 What do they look like?
 What are those people like that I wanted to bring into my world?
 Who is my dream customer?
 I start thinking what is the lead magnet I could create
 They would get those people attracted to me
 Right where they're on the internet surfing they're on their phone swiping through
 Also they saw something like whoa, I want that thing
 I want to learn the kiss test
 I want to learn the whatever the thing is right
 Okay, that lead magnet thing gets them to stop scrolling
 Click on a button come over to you
 Give you their email address and now they become a lead
 Okay, and the more leads you get you start building this list
 Okay, and the value in your business is your list that is the key
 Okay, so after seeing this I was like, okay, this is the game
 I know how to play now now that I knew the rules
 I knew how to play this so I get this
 I'm not spamming people don't want to hear from you
 But I'm getting people who are interested who come to me because I have value
 Okay, this is how I build the list of people who actually want to hear from me
 Okay, so I did what um
 What hopefully you guys are gonna be doing this week as well
 I said, okay, I'm gonna go and create my first lead magnet
 I'm gonna set up a lead squeeze funnel. I'm gonna do exactly what he's doing
 Okay, so I did that
 Okay, I modeled as close as I could I built up my very first lead squeeze funnel
 I put it out there
 And I launched it and um, I want to come back to these numbers
 Because these numbers were actually interesting
 um initially for me
 Uh, my numbers almost synced what I was told earlier from one of my friends
 Okay, I still remember the very first month
 Um that I started uh that had my first lead magnet I was driving traffic to the very first month
 I got 217 people who opted in
 I don't know why I remember that number I think it's because it was like I was freaking out like 217 people
 Like that's that's a lot of people who give me their email address
 Now they were on an email list
 Like I said emails to you talking about the products and the services I want to sell
 Now first month I said 217 people joined my list and I made about $300 that month
 Okay, now for me
 As a college kid 300 bucks a month 300 dollars my very first month was insane
 Like that was just like I could even I couldn't even fathom like I thought I was the richest kid in the world
 Now to put this in perspective at that time
 Um, my wife and that blue house we were living in
 I showed you earlier that was a duplex
 I bought that duplex because I wanted to make cash flow, right?
 So I spent, I know 150,000 on this on this duplex
 We lived in half we had a renter in the other half and the renter's paid us
 And um my cash flow on that rental was like 150 $200 a month
 Right?
 And I remember thinking
 I made for my for my 217 person email list
 I made almost double what I did on my real estate
 My real estate I spent 150,000 to buy this thing
 To cash flow like 150 200 bucks a month
 Whereas here I built a list of 217 people and I cash flow double that
 And for me at that point I was like I am all in
 I'm gonna put all my eggs in this basket
 If I gotta figure out how to grow lists, how do I do it?
 And so I started driving more and more traffic and by month number two
 Excuse me, month number two I built an email list of my list gone from 217 people to about 5,000 people
 Okay, and sure enough that month I made about 5,000 in my business
 Okay, and I was like how do I grow this bigger, right?
 I reinvest that money into to generate more leads and more leads
 And eventually my list went from 5,000 to 10,000 to 100,000
 To now we have lists of multiple millions of people
 Which is why I extended an email and get 35,000 people to come and register
 Her list has grown so big, okay?
 Now a couple interesting things
 My friend told me this like if you average $1 per name per month
 That that is definitely like a good standard, but it's honestly it's very very low
 Okay, and where I learned over the last man
 Almost two decades of doing this now
 Is that there is a direct correlation between how much money you make
 And the relationship you build with that list
 Okay, you don't have to have a list of a million people to make millions of dollars, right?
 In fact, a lot of times if you've got a local business like some of you guys here
 Are that are registered run restaurants, right?
 You got local businesses like like there's not a million people in your city, right?
 If you're a Boise, Idaho and you're a chiropractor or dentist or a masseuse or something here
 You're not going to get a million people on your list
 That's okay, right?
 But if you get a thousand people on your list man
 How like that like you're gonna average a lot more because you can build a better relationship
 Of somebody locally than you can virtually, right?
 In fact, I've seen dentists and chiropractors who average hundreds of dollars per name per month on their list as well
 Okay, but the key still is getting leads
 Okay, and the more leads you get in the bigger that list grows
 Okay, now I want you to understand this is true for every business
 One of the the big questions I got a lot from people as we were launching this and putting on this
 This lead challenge was well Russell, um again, I'm uh, I'm a
 I'm a network marketer like I don't sell my own product like will this work for me, right?
 Or Russell. I am a chiropractor. How would this work for me or I'm a dentist or um in fact my brother who hopefully is watching this right now
 Uh, my brother runs a band. He's got a pub a label and he told me he lit it
 I was like you should come be part of five day challenge. It's like well
 It doesn't make sense for my business is different. I'm like do your business need leads
 Every business needs leads. I don't care what business you're in is not different
 This process works for every single business. Okay right now. So I click phone size of today
 We have over 120 thousand active members every business every industry you can dream of
 Okay, every one of those businesses these two things they need leads and need to sell stuff
 Okay, so if you need leads, this is the process
 Okay, I don't care if you are starting a new business
 You've got a huge business that needs tens of thousands of leads a day or if you're a business you need 20 leads
 Okay, this process will work for you. It does not matter. It is it works in every business
 I promise you we've done this over and over and over and over again. This is not my first rodeo
 Okay, and so I want you to understand that like um no matter what kind of business you're in um, you're gonna need
 you're gonna need leads okay
 And so um anyway, I'll kind of start there and I won't go too much on my on my rant
 Why do you guys understand that? Okay, okay, so I'm gonna walk you through
 The system the system we're gonna be talking about um over the next couple days
 Okay
 So the first part
 in this process
 Um, they're gonna be going through this is this is gonna be what we spend all the time on tomorrow
 The first step here is we're all going to create
 your very own
 Lead magnet
 Okay, and we're spending a lot of time tomorrow going into this my goodness go too deep right now
 But that's the first step is creating your lead magnet
 Okay, I don't care what business you're in you need to have a lead magnet lead magnet is the thing that gets people raised around to come to you
 It's the kiss test. It's this challenge is a lead magnet for me, right?
 All these things you're creating lead magnet to get somebody in okay, and again
 I'm gonna spend a lot of time tomorrow going deep into this but I won't understand. I don't care what business you're in
 You always can create lead magnet. This is how lead magnet works
 Okay, if you think about your business right now, okay
 This is um, this is your dream customer. This is the person that you want to attract, right?
 If you think about this typically when you're trying to attract somebody into your business
 You're trying to get somebody where where um, you know something they don't know right now, right?
 And so I always look back. It's okay in every business. Every business has some result. They promise a client, right?
 So up here, this is the mountain. Let's say this is the big result you offer somebody. Okay, so this is a result
 And so what you're doing is you're trying to get these people right here to come to get this result
 So what let me do this for a couple of different businesses, right?
 So let's just say you are a dentist. What is the big result you are promising somebody
 If you're a dentist you probably say I'm my my result. I'm gonna promise you
 I'm gonna help you get clean teeth that are white that are straight that are amazing, right?
 If you're a chiropractor, we're gonna teach you guys the result you're promising people is to get out of pain and get an aligned
 Spine right if you're in the dating market your result is to get uh to
 Again to get to get to get um to get a date for your for your for your client, right?
 There's there's all these things right every single business is result. Okay, if I don't care what it is if you're um
 Yeah, I'm not gonna go too deep in this. I want you guys think about for your own business, right?
 But every business is a result. So what's the result that you're promising your client?
 Okay, think about that like what's the result you're promising your dream client when they come into your world
 Okay, now the cool thing about this is my guess is this was you one time and then you went and you actually achieved this result, right?
 You got this result you finished it. Okay as you did that result
 There was a process you went through right there's step step one step two step three step four
 There was these steps you took to get the result
 Okay, there's the step-by-step process to help them get this result
 Okay, and now that you know that process what we do is we say okay
 Here's the process to get the certain result. Okay, you come back here. So okay. I'm gonna create this thing. This is my lead magnet
 Lead magnet. It's gonna walk you through the process to get the show. Here's the first step. Here's the second step
 Here's the third step. Here's the fourth step. Okay, so again in the in the example from w your date and the lead magnet was
 I'm gonna show you guys the kiss test how to how to kiss a girl on the
 Know if you're gonna kiss a girl like that's the result that he was promising here inside of his lead magnet
 And all the lead magnet was like, okay, let me walk you through the steps step number one
 You walk her to the door step number two you go like this step number three
 And so you walk them through the process to get the result you're promising him
 Okay, so every lead magnet is tied to some result. Here's the result you're gonna get if you give me your email address
 Okay, and so we're gonna spend a lot of time tomorrow going into this and figure i'm gonna walk you through the process
 How we figure out what is the right result? What's the one that's gonna be the most powerful lead magnet that will draw this person towards you?
 Okay, so I said that's gonna be the game planner. We're gonna go deep on tomorrow
 I'm so excited for that session and then after we figure out how to create this
 How to create this actual
 This actual lead magnet. I'm gonna show you guys how to take this concept this framework that you're creating
 And how do we put it into something that's tangible?
 Okay
 And uh
 Tomorrow i'm gonna be giving you guys a software tool that'll be that'll be really cool
 I promise you guys there's gonna be two software tools you guys get for free while you hang out during live events
 The first i'm gonna give you guys tomorrow
 And it's gonna take this abstract framework is abstract idea that you have and turn it into a physical thing
 A physical lead magnet that people will give you the email address for okay email address for it's gonna be fun
 Okay, so that's the first step here
 Oops
 The first step here in this process is
 Is creating the lead magnet
 Okay, and so i got a couple examples here on my slides
 So this is an example um this one super simple this is bread number charlotte is no bread
 This is one of his lead magnets. It's called the one page productivity planner used by ceos and achievers worldwide
 Okay, again like the kiss test kiss test is a paragraph
 This is the one page productivity planner your lead magnet does not need to be this huge extravagant crazy hard thing
 It can be like here's the five steps to get a wider smart, you know get your teeth clean by
 Uh in in a weekend right or make your smile wider in a weekend
 It can be the the five steps to um being more productive as uh
 As an event planner it could be like figure like what is your business right?
 You think about who is your dream customer?
 What's the thing you could create for them?
 It's gonna get them to want to give you their email address
 Okay, and tomorrow i'm gonna brace for a whole bunch of ideas
 So you don't have to you won't have to stress about what that thing is okay because tomorrow i'm gonna give you guys a um
 A framework will take you to figure out exactly what that lead magnet needs to be
 This could be the most impactful and the most powerful okay, but this is an example is very very simple
 Okay, lead magnet like that. Um, this is the lead magnet a lot of you guys have seen this is my marketing secrets blackbook
 This is a bunch of um
 It's a little blackbook bunch of different marketing secrets in it
 Um, and it's just lead magnet we created we give it away for free to get people's email addresses
 Okay, so that's the first step right there the very first step is creating the lead magnet
 That's what we're doing tomorrow, okay?
 All right, that's step in one step number two advocate the lead magnet then we need to create the process the funnel
 It's actually going to turn this it's going to um give somebody to give me their email address
 Okay, so this is called the lead funnel and basins come here and they're putting their email address
 you click submit
 And this person now becomes a lead okay, so step number two after we create the lead magnet
 This is going to be tomorrow. This is day
 Two then day three. We're going to build out the lead funnel
 And I actually literally myself pre-built out six of these funnels for you guys that i'm going to show you guys
 Uh, but i'm going to give you guys on on wednesday, okay?
 And so this is how it works. This is uh, brendes again the lead funnel is the most simple funnel of all the funnels, which is
 Uh, really exciting step number one. It's like, hey, i'm going to give you this free thing
 If you give me an email address
 They didn't give you the email address on the next page you give it to them very simple very easy. It's not difficult at all
 Okay, and so we're showing you that this is um again my mark n six black book one
 This one is one of those simple lead funnels we've ever created if you look at this
 Actually, this pitch probably six months ago, but in the first um first year. This was live at generate 272 000 leads
 Okay, it took me less than five minutes to put together this landing page, okay
 72 000 leads you guys see number right there think about that from math i told you as earlier by cranes two page funnel
 I gave myself a $22 000 month raise right if i was following the stats and numbers i shared with you guys earlier
 Can we always understand like this is the power you create something like this and it can generate leads on you can
 Generate leads where you consistently day in and day out over and over and over again
 Okay, and so this is a very simple. It's a two step funnel in fact this fun right here
 I'm going to give you guys this exact funnel so you can just copy take your lead magnet plug
 Or take mine out plug yours in and you can be off to off the races very very quickly, okay
 So again day two tomorrow we build the lead magnet by time tomorrow is done. It's not gonna be okay
 I got to build my lead but my time tomorrow is done your lead magnet will be finished. It'll be complete
 It'll be cool. It'll be uh creating a really cool tool that will make it very powerful people
 Okay, day three will build out your lead funnel will be finished and you're gonna plug in your lead magnet
 These two pieces will be done by wednesday
 Okay, and the thursday comes in the question is like okay, rusted you said that when traffic comes in here
 We're gonna start making money off the leads. How do you make money off the leads?
 Right?
 Well, the way money off leads is they give you the email address they come down here and guess what?
 These people okay, right because everyone who good puts the email address is a person
 These are all human beings right they put the email address in and I have an email sequence
 You start sending out you send the email right here and the next day you send another email
 Right you send out these different emails
 To build a relationship with them
 Okay
 And if you do the emails the wrong way what will happen is you'll send two other emails when people will never open your uh
 Whenever open your emails again if you get the right way people look forward to emails
 They'll they'll whitelist you make sure that your emails show up right?
 This is the right way in the wrong way
 So on thursday yada's gonna be coming teaching you guys her six email sequence
 What are the most powerful six emails you can send out somebody as soon as they give you the email address
 This these are the emails they've been tested. They've been proven if you structure them the right way
 Right, um, it'll build their relationship with your audience
 They'll be more likely to open emails in the in the future and they're gonna buy the products and services you sell
 Okay, and the cool things we actually built software for this as well
 So on that day, uh, for those who show up live you're gonna get the software
 We're basically filling the links you click a button. It'll pre-write these six emails with your stories
 Weaved into them and then you just copy and paste them now you got those in as well. Okay, so that's what's going to be happening on day number four
 Let's see i put it here on blue. It's day four. We've working on the email sequences
 All right, and then day number five, let me show you this real quick so
 Here we go. So this one looks like from a standpoint over here, uh, leads come in they put an email address in there and you start sending that emails
 Okay, so here's how you write the emails right here
 So this is the first email that goes out in the second and as they go through day one they get this email
 Day two they get this email day three day four day five day six
 So walks them through this process of giving these emails each email takes them and builds that relationship
 So then we're more likely to buy from in the future. Okay, remember I told you guys before they're like on average
 You should average one dollar per month
 $1 per name per month on your list. Okay, um, if you do this this this the right way to set
 You build a relationship with and that how much you make per person will dramatically go up based on the relationship
 You have with them if these first six emails are critical there the key
 We're gonna literally teach you them give you the software to write them and you'll have them done
 That'll be done on thursday, which is pretty exciting, right?
 Okay, that's happening there and then the last step now is like, okay, I've got the machine everything's built right
 I've got I've got my lead magnet. It's amazing. I've got my landing page here
 I've got the emails going out now the last step is how do we get traffic start coming to me?
 Right? So you start getting traffic. How do we get traffic from here and from here?
 And there's a million different ways to get traffic, right?
 In fact a lot of you guys know my third book is called traffic secrets and there's a million ways to get traffic that I talk about in there
 Um, but I wanted to start with something that's simple. Okay. A lot of you guys are coming this you don't have a huge budget, right?
 You're sure how to generate leads and so Rachel Miller's coming on friday and she's gonna show you guys ways to generate leads that don't cost any money
 Okay, how do you generate traffic? It's not gonna cost you a ton of money to get people coming in here
 Putting the email address in to get your lead magnet following up with them and so the whole process will start working for you
 And so friday we're gonna focus on launching your funnel
 Okay, and that's the last step here in the in the five day is on friday
 We're gonna launch your funnel and get this whole thing working for you. Okay, so this is where we're going this week
 This is the process you guys. Okay, again, we're gonna build out your lead magnet get your lead squeeze funnel
 Figured out right if I did email excuse me or six day email sequence
 We're gonna launch it get traffic in and if we can accomplish this by the end of this week
 That's the goals. That's my game plan and each of you guys will have a process
 You have a system in place to continually generate leads inside your business
 Okay, I have so many friends who at one point in their business. They had to generate leads, right?
 Why do you guys when you first start your business? You get out of college?
 Okay, I'm gonna start my my store my business or whatever
 You create it and you launch it and you do all the advertising all the efforts and stuff and leads start coming in
 Make us what happens?
 You start getting busy, right? I got a service all these clients. I got service things and you stop focusing on generating more leads
 What happens eventually eventually your business dries up?
 Okay leads customers traffic coming into your business. This is the life but lifeblood of your business
 Okay, if your business is struggling especially during these crazy times or now
 My guess is because the you don't have any life. You're having blood coming into your business
 You don't have new leads coming in consistently. This is the key is getting new leads coming in consistently
 Okay, so my job my goal with you guys is to create this process get it set up and our leads will continually coming in
 And I don't care on the backside here. I don't care. What is your selling?
 If you're selling if you're a network marketing this process will work for you
 Okay, and the end of this you'll get people to sign up for your uh to be a distributor underneath you okay
 If you're selling physical products, I don't care if all this process by the time it's done
 People will buy more of your physical products. Okay, if you're a coach an author speaker like whatever it is
 I don't care what business you're in if you're a masseuse if you're uh running a band if you're doing like whatever it
 It does not matter what kind of business you're in. Okay, every business easily
 This is the way you get leads and it works consistently in every business every industry
 We've tried and so I want you guys to take that out your head like oh that sounds good Russell
 I've heard this before this doesn't work for my type of business. Whatever take the skepticism
 Okay, take it put it on the shelf and just trust me
 Okay tomorrow we're gonna go deep into building a lead magnet for any of you guys
 So like this won't work for me because my business is different
 Okay, I'm gonna show you guys how to break down what you do into the right kind of lead magnet that'll attract anybody
 Okay, it'll attract your dream customers to you
 Okay, and so that's kind of the goal in the game plan. So I'm excited. This is the game process what we're doing this week
 So that's not good
 He has all on board for that
 Okay, so let me walk you guys through what to expect for the rest of the week
 So again, what's going to be happening is every single day at the same time
 I'm gonna be going live from the stage talking to you guys. Okay, so there is that's gonna be happening every single day
 Okay, again all the things were about 40 minutes right now
 It's gonna be probably probably 30 minutes most these will be a 30-minute session
 I'm gonna give you a strategy. Here's the strategy I understand
 Okay, and then after that, I'm gonna give you a thing called the one page
 And this is what the one page it looks like okay in about about a minute from now
 I'm gonna give you guys the one page of for day number one
 Okay, you're jobbing this one page is not to sit around and like do nothing with it
 It's coming immediately and first off watch the video at the top the video here at the top
 This is me at my house doing your assignment each day. Okay, today's assignment is very simple as you will see
 Okay, tomorrow's assignment. I'm gonna I'm gonna literally build that entire lead magnet with you
 Okay, so you're not thinking about like strategically how does this work?
 Like you just quick play and watch the tactical video and make a rest of this deposit do it because play pause
 And just copy me. Okay, I'm gonna walk you through the process
 There's no guesswork. There's no thinking. There's no messing things up. Just do it right here
 Okay, you watch the videos to give you the tactics and down here is gonna show you what we talked about
 It's gonna give you a place where you can fill in your answers things you can brainstorm things
 You can think through examples case studies all the stuff you need to be successful
 Okay, so again every day I'm going live giving you the strategy and then as soon as the strategy is done immediately afterwards
 I'm gonna give you the one pager. It's gonna give you the tactics and your homework for today
 Okay, I do not want you guys falling behind so many times people come into my trainings like okay
 I'm gonna listen to all of the strategy first and then I'm gonna get started if you do that I promise you you will fail
 Okay, arguably some of the most successful people in our clickthrones community are Brandon and Caitlin polar
 Okay, so me as you know if you if you google lady boss you will find out more about them
 Right and when they came into our world
 They they were at bed and network marketing company the company just gone under they were broke like what are we gonna do with our lives?
 Right and they went through our training and it's crazy. I've watched them grow their business from where they were today now over millions of women
 They've helped help them lose weight and I said what was the difference between you and like everybody else like coach and I teach like why did you just have so much success
 And Brandon says something so interesting to me. He said most people go through a course. They watch the entire course
 They're like, okay, and we get the ideas they're brainstorming
 Excuse me. They're doing the entire course. He says that they're always
 So they're always assuming that the end they're gonna start and they start doing the process
 He's like nobody does that because you get the deeper you get the more overwhelming because there's more things and more things and more things
 They've you haven't started earlier you get in trouble
 He said the thing that we did different everyone else is we bought the same training every else bought
 We click play and then when you told me to something we paused it and we went and did the thing
 He said I don't care if it took a day a week a month a year
 We went and did the thing before we come back before we came back and push play on day number two
 Okay, and that was the secret
 So if you guys want your chance the same thing. I know when you're watching live strategy sessions
 Okay, I'm gonna do tactics next week. I know this is something we're doing together
 This is a workshop. This is a challenge. It's not something where you're just gonna like
 I don't want to just talk about things to make you feel good
 I want you to execute and get things done. Okay, and so again
 You watch the live strategy here
 Immediately afterwards I give you the one pager or you go watch the tactical video go and do it
 Go apply it and get it done and then be ready for the next day
 Every single day builds upon the last day if you skip one of the days the whole thing follows apart
 Okay, so don't miss it watch the live trading jump on uh watch the tactical get the one pager and do the homework
 Does that sound that makes sense everybody?
 Can you all commit to me you'll do that right now? So you just russle. I will do it
 Okay, so what's down right now is down below here. They're gonna drop a link to today's one pager
 Okay, you can see the link there. I can see it. It's cool
 So this we're gonna download today's one page you go there
 It's five day lead challenge.com slash day one when you go there
 It's gonna take you this page right here and all you do is watch this video
 It's gonna walk you everything you gotta do and that's it
 Okay, again today's homework assignment is super simple. It should take you more like 10 minutes max probably less than that
 It's gonna show you some case studies. Show you some examples
 Show you get your one pager count all set up so you can save all these one pagers every single day and that's about it for today
 Okay, today is the easy day
 Tomorrow on the other hand, it's gonna get a little more complicated tomorrow. We start having some fun
 Okay, so again, this is the five day game plan again. Uh today was talking about unlimited leads helping
 I see the vision. This is what we're creating. This is why we're creating. This is how all the pieces fit together
 Okay, tomorrow 100% focus on the lead magnet. I'm walking through the strategy
 How do we figure out the right thing?
 The thing is gonna be the sexiest the most exciting gets the most people when they're sitting at home on their phone
 Scrolling through instagram or facebook to stop and make I need that thing click on the button come over
 You can give you the email address now. They're on your list, right?
 So that's gonna be the we're gonna create the lead magnets tomorrow again again
 This is not just a theoretical thing by the time tomorrow is done if you follow the process your lead magnet will be finished
 Okay, day number three
 We're gonna build the lead squeeze funnel this weekend. I built out six funnels for you
 They're pre-dubbed that are amazing. I'm gonna give you those six and walk us through the exact process
 How we take things how we switch switch them out and by the time it's done you have a lead squeeze funnel
 It's working that's ready day six or excuse me day four day four. We're walking through the six day follow funnel
 This is gonna give you the six emails. We're gonna give you software on that day. It's gonna write the emails for you
 Excuse me the day number five racial billers coming and we're gonna help you as launch the funnel and that's we're going this week
 It's gonna be so much fun. So that's kind of the game plan you guys
 Um, and that's it for day number one here on the five-day lead challenge. See wasn't that that wasn't that hard, right?
 Okay, you gotta kind of overview the strategy understand what's going now all your job is to go download the one pager and go do the homework assignments
 Very simple today. You should be done by the top of the hour
 Yes, could be completely done and then get prepared and ready because tomorrow is when all of the fun starts that
 That's when we start building out your lead funnel. So again, you guys see link down below five daily challenge.com slash day one
 That's where we're going to now open up a new browser window wherever you are
 Go to that link save it make sure you save that page because when you put your notes in there
 It'll save the notes for you and everything watch the tactical video and uh, and that's kind of it you guys
 With that said, I appreciate you guys first off registering in 35 000 you guys showed up
 For a register for this, which is crazy. Okay, right before I come on stage with like seven or eight thousand people already all on live
 Which is so cool. So thank you so much for spending time today
 I'm excited to take you guys through this process over the next five days. Make sure you commit
 Make sure you show up every single day. Make sure you do the work if you do that
 Again by the time this is done, you guys can have a machineness generate leads for whatever business you are in
 It works in every business every industry. I promise that it will show you even even more detail tomorrow as I go through how to build your actual lead magnet out
 Um, it's gonna be so much fun you guys and I appreciate you guys hanging out with me today
 Uh, thanks so much
 If you have any questions or comments put them in the comments down below
 You need me and my team will try to get to them. Um, and again, thanks you guys appreciate you hanging out
 And we'll see you guys tomorrow same time same place for day number two your lead magnet. Thanks so much guys. We'll see you soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone
 And post it to facebook instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this
 Episode and what you like to hear in the future that helped me to know what to create for you
 Also, Dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsledder.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your millbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsledder.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
