 Good morning everybody. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. Today we'll talk about something
 interesting about
 When you have a success and you have a way to take that and rolled on to
 Geometrically grow everything else you do inside your business
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out of the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Okay, so hope you guys are awesome today
 It's been snowing here in Boise and then today it's been raining so all slushy and
 I've had fun driving kids to school every morning
 This morning this is kind of one of my favorite things is to drive them and have a chance to talk to them and
 Anyway, it makes me sick. My twins are about to get their licenses and then they'll probably not get a drive many more but
 Until they do i'm enjoying it and it's just really fun. So just dropped off
 Aidan my little man at school and have a few minutes to run head back to the office
 And I was thinking about something that I thought would be helpful for all of you guys
 Um because I don't see this happen enough
 In fact, I noticed with a lot of us entrepreneurs like we do something it works really good and then we like move on to the next thing
 Um as opposed to being like hey that worked really good. We should do more of that or we should focus on that
 Or we should go deeper on that right?
 so a good example
 Uh just happened recently so as you guys know we
 Uh bought dank handy's company and then we relaunched it last month and um
 The relaunch went really really well and the way we launched it is we
 Uh we took it was a concept of dank handy bill glazer did back
 Man 15 18. I don't know how many years ago when they when bill first bought the company
 um, you know the company is basically a newsletter company you had a the magnetic marketing newsletter
 And so um when bill bought it he was like I want to grow this so he created something he called the miff key
 And instead I talked about on the podcast before it stands for the most incredible free gift ever
 And they launched it and that's how the newsletter grew originally and then um they sold the company to private equity firms
 um who as a
 As a as a rule are not very good actually marketing the way that we all market
 And they ran the business the ground over the next decade
 Uh, so I had a chance to buy it out of that and the first thing I did is like well what worked in the past?
 Oh the miff key we should remake the miff key so we built the miff key we launched it
 and um
 We added from the miff key we added
 uh over 4 000 new paying members
 Into the newsletter so I wanted to map on that for you just because it makes this really interesting
 So and and obviously people are incurable. It's just they don't so we had a 4 000 people at 97
 Dollars a month that's 400 000 a month times 12 months in a year. That's an extra
 4.8 million a year business. We launched in a weekend um by creating a really good miff key offer right
 And so um that's awesome right and obviously like I said there's gonna be a churn and things are gonna drop
 We're also gonna start buying ads to it the funnel um converted extremely well
 Uh, I think I talked about that if not
 Hopefully you signed up through the funnel and you got the first january as news lyrics had break down the funnel
 But you know we're averaging 200 and something dollars for every free trial
 So I can spend 200 dollars to get a free trial and still be profitable, which is insane, right?
 Um, and now it's making that business where we can start growing it and scaling it
 I think you know by summertime I have 10 000 members in there pay 9 7 bucks a month, which is a hundred which is a yeah
 A million dollar a month
 uh business on info product a newsletter, right? It's it's insane and so
 For me, you know, obviously I
 The worst to keeping secrets. That's why all my books are called
 Doc, um secrets expert secrets traffic secrets because I just tell rid my secrets and on the podcast
 I showed this, you know in the first issue newsletter i'm sharing like I just i'm not gonna keeping secrets
 Um, but it's
 Interesting because I'll share that most people like oh, that's so cool
 That's awesome and then they don't do anything with it
 Um, I have somebody who I love and respect who I shared it with
 Probably one of the first people I shared with I thought they were gonna grab it and take it
 And then I saw their next offer run out and they could have done the model that I did
 With the offer they did it would have fit out of in a simple tweak to make it to make it match that
 And they didn't and they launched something and they didn't follow the model and I was like
 Man if somebody told me that they had a funnel was averaging 200
 I hammer 230 or
 It was might have been anyway
 Insane EPC average cart value and this is my market. It's something similar. I would look at that
 I would have funnel hacked it and I would have I would have called an audible before I launched my funnel and made tweaks
 And changed based on it, but they didn't they just kind of said oh, that's wow. That's amazing
 That's so cool. And then they went on and I'm sure a lot of you guys heard me talk about it
 You're like, oh, that's so cool. Then you went on
 Okay
 The the way to like leverage the stuff to leverage my wins to leverage your wins to leverage
 What's working in the market is to not do that right?
 Um, so for example, we launched the mifky offer it killed it
 Um, we had an urgency and scarcity where it closed down
 Um for like two weeks or something like that. I think it just went back live
 A day or two ago if you had no BS letter.com you can see the funnel, right?
 um, but um
 After we shut it down the first question was like man that works really good
 We should create a mifky for click funnels like that was the first thing right it worked here
 Let's work. Let's do it again
 Well, most of it like that worked awesome and they move on to the next thing and they forget about the success
 Right and so we sat down said well, what how would we make a mifky for click funnels?
 What would that look like how do we make it so the offers are resistible?
 So it gets people to stick longer so it gets our average car value up front higher like right now for me to get a click funnels trial
 Just she has no unpaid media fight for I paid ads. It cost me $300
 um
 Between $250 $300 depending on a lot of things but to get somebody sent up for free click funnels trial
 Which is fine because our lifetime value of customer is really really high and so we can do it
 Um, but it's it's a float right it takes me, you know three to four months
 And honestly longer than that because you have churn and breakage and all that kind of stuff
 But you know it takes it takes a good almost a year to break even from me buying
 To get some time for a click funnel trial, which is fine. But if I could tweak my friend and funnel
 So I was making $250 $300 for every trial we signed up
 like now I break even immediately and now I guess what I can out scale everybody once again and um
 So I'm like, how do I do that? Well, we need a click funnels mifky offer and so guess what we did
 We spent like three hours in a room. How do we make a click funnels most incredible free gift ever?
 That's the mifky stands for most incredible free gift ever and we structured it was sat down and we matched it out
 And the right kid, how we have this what's the hook? What's the story? Like why are we doing this?
 What's the offer? Like what do we send him in the mail so we can get the physical address?
 How do we build a community? How do we build culture? How do we like how do we weave all that stuff into
 an incredible offer and
 When it was done we lived a map to that and I sat there and I was like
 Oh my gosh, this will change click funnels forever. It is so simple. It's nothing complicated, right?
 Like all of us make good offers when we sell something but looking at through the lens of like
 The most incredible free gift ever and then looking at the funnel we built for
 The Dan Kennedy company and how high the average cart value how high the EPCs were how high everything was
 It's like okay, let's take this model and let's replicate it over here
 And so for you guys like I just want you to understand like when I share something like I'm excited and I'm
 Like it's not like oh cool. Russell. That's awesome
 It should be like okay how to implement my business
 That'd be the first question I'd be asking myself instantly is how do I take this and do it because it's awesome, right?
 And so I want to put that out there because I see a lot of people who don't do those kind of things like when we launched the traffic secrets book funnel
 It was the highest converting book funnel I'd done to to date, right? It was awesome
 And so I said like man, that's awesome the traffic secrets book funnel is great
 I said, okay, what do we learn on this? What was the layout the style of design the tweet like what what do we do different in this one than the other ones?
 We took those things and we we
 Moved them and we we took all those best practices all things we figured out and we did them on other book funnels
 We went backwards in time now all the book funnels
 Match the model and they're all converting high and right now we're in the process of
 Retweeting with book funnels to try to increase the cart value and we're trying things and tweaking things to test and things as soon as we get to work
 Then guess what we're gonna do instantly take those changes and roam across all the book funnels, right?
 Um, and so I just want you to understand like that's how you double down on skin
 So you get consistently better geometrically better not just
 Incrementally, you know a lot of people have incremental wins like oh they add the same they get a little better at the same thing a little bit better
 whereas I'm looking at like
 They geometry how do we geometrically grow what we're doing?
 Because I don't want to you know go from
 150 million dollars to 170 million dollars like that's not inspiring or exciting or anything
 I don't go from 150 million dollars to 300 million dollars like how do you do that?
 We don't do it by playing checkers. You do it by playing chess, right? Geometrically thinking differently strategically
 Uh when you're when you have a win you got a compound that went upon the other one
 As opposed to just oh we had a win cool and then moving on to the next thing right?
 Everything needs to compound and increase and get better and get better but to do that it takes you becoming passionate about this
 You know i've talked about this a lot over the years like um
 You got to become more passionate about the marketing of your thing than you do about the thing
 Right like all of us have the thing that we're selling that we're in love with it
 The reason why we got in this business, but if you really love that thing, right? Whatever your product your service your your message is if you really love that
 Um, you have to become obsessed with the selling of that thing
 The biggest mistakes I see influencers and people
 Do is that they they love their thing they're having success and they want to go hire a funnel building when it outsources somebody else
 They want to like who do I hire to be my marketing team? Who I or who I who can outsource this tune?
 It's like oh like you're missing it's the best part to figure out how to get your thing into people's hands
 Like if you become obsessed with that part of it, um, that's how you really grow and scale and dramatically grow your companies, right?
 So for all you guys who are listening, I just wanted you to kind of look at that lens of number one
 When i'm dropping gold and i'm dropping like this funnel is killing it funnel hack it look at it and then look at your old funnels
 And how do I weave this model in right? Like that's number one
 Number two is something for yourself like when you have a win don't just be cool
 That was awesome go back and roll that win across everything else you can increase or you can geometrically grow everything you're doing
 Um, and number three they become obsessed with this game
 Um, again the ones who are winning at the highest level the ones who obsessed
 They keep going into this and keep figuring things out and they have so much fun with it and then they they layered on and they do the next thing
 The next thing and um that so you can really really have fun and um enjoy this so I hope that helps
 I hope that gets your your mind thinking a little bit differently
 Um, if it does and you enjoyed this then please let me know. All right. Thanks guys for listening. I appreciate you
 Thanks for listening to podcast. Um, and by the way, if you haven't heard yet, we with a launch dandy candies company
 We launched the magnetic marketing podcast, which is basically I took I found tons of old dandy candy presentations from the last 20 years or so
 Him speaking info summits him
 On the the gold and the diamond cds and all these things like all these things that were lost in the archives
 And I started going through my like these are amazing. I'm like, I don't I don't know how to sell these don't someone's a
 Here's a cd interview Dan talking for an hour about wealth creation or whatever like it's amazing
 But it's not like a product really I think what do I do with these things?
 And so I decided to give gs for free and so we created a podcast called the magnetic marketing podcast and if you go to
 magnetic marketing podcast.com you can you can um subscribe to it there and then you get like hardcore raw dandy
 Interviews and audios once a week, which are um, they're really really good. Um
 So I recommend doing that and uh diamond and daniel love him. He's a little honry
 Um, but man, he is uh, he's brilliant
 And so anyway there there you go. There's an old magnetic marketing podcast that the old company ran which is a bunch of people talking about dan
 Which um, I'd not love and so if you search in the podcast search engines, you might find the old one
 If you if you go to magnetic marketing podcast.com
 That's the right one and you'll know because there's a cool picture of dan kitted named black and white and looks amazing
 He looks like the the tough guy that he is. So anyway, uh, that said thanks
 You guys for not much listening. Hope you enjoyed his podcast. Hope you enjoyed dan's podcast as well and I will talk to you soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the
 Future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also dan kitty and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsletter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 There'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsletter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
