 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the market seekers podcast this last week has been in sanity
 Just you know you probably saw if you're on my email list or listened to anything
 We're doing but we launched a new software company with Dean Gracio
 C. And Tony Robbins and the software you can go see it at mastermind.com if you haven't yet
 But it's a marketplace where people can put in their courses and they can run live
 masterminds and a whole bunch of other amazing things and we're excited
 But what's even more exciting for you guys as my marketing nerds is how we marketed this whole process
 We did this huge five-day challenge at over 200,000 people
 Register for it from that over 30,000 people signed up for the trial of the software now put that in perspective
 Click funnels after the first year of me grinding out click funnels. We had 10,000 members
 So we had 30,000 sign up during the trial or during the pre launch week
 I've known how many you're gonna stick and things like that, but I would say this is definitely
 Be shocked. This is not the fastest growing software company in the history of all time
 So it's exciting now one thing is that during this launch
 Before the live training actually started Dean and I went back and forth and did some pre training
 I'd help prepare and get people ready for the challenge and I
 Did to pre-training sessions and I thought they were really good
 Whether or not you're in the challenge or not. I think they're really good
 And so I wanted to share them with you over the next two episodes
 So you can get kind of sneak peek about some of the pre-training stuff
 That it hopefully help you with some of your minds saying you prepared for for the journey that you're on as well
 So that said the next two episodes are gonna be from my my pre-training and this first one is gonna be is titled
 The shift from growth to contribution and you probably heard me talk about this in the past
 I talked about a lot in the expert secrets book, but I thought
 Anyway, I'm excited to share this with you because I think a lot of you guys
 It's gonna be the thing that helps you to want to get off the sidelines and get into the game
 So that said with cute theme song we come back
 You will have a chance to hear my first pre-training from the build your brand challenge
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up everybody, I think we're officially live now
 Hopefully this is uh, this is all working. I've never done it this direction before but I'm excited to hang out with you guys today
 And I just want to jump on really quick and do another pre-training Dean
 Started off yesterday with our very first pre-training here inside of the build your brand challenge and today
 I want to get you guys even more excited if that's possible. I'm not sure if it is or not
 I know I'm super fired up what's gonna be happening for you guys over the next over the next week or so
 We have been killing ourselves preparing for this moment to give you guys the transformation and the shift that I know you want
 And I think it's gonna be something that's really really special
 And so I just want to jump in here today and and get you guys more fired up and give you guys
 Just a vision of what to prepare for and how to get ready. I think when you guys have a chance to start on Monday
 It's gonna be it's gonna be insane. So hopefully you are prepared and you got the time blocked off and the energy
 You're gonna need because it's gonna be a lot of fun. So with that said how many guys are are pumped to be here
 I mean guys are excited to be in this group like seriously. This is a group
 This is growing faster than anything I've ever been involved with yesterday. We had over 26,000 people
 Register for the challenge today. It's like noon my time and we're already 10,000 people registered today
 Like this is growing so fast and it's exciting
 So first off if you haven't invited your friends yet invite people you love like do this with them
 Okay, I don't know about you
 But like the first time I did a weight loss challenge I tried it by myself and I gave up at like 30 seconds
 Right then if I had my wife and my friends into it and then we like lasted
 It was amazing
 So make sure to invite your friends invite family members invite business partners other people who who want to do this kind of
 Thing to bring them in the challenge with you participate
 I promise you if you have other people doing this with you you're gonna love it even more than just doing it by yourself
 So that's number one number two
 This is what I want to talk about today Dean said you can talk about anything you want Russell
 What's the biggest thing you can give people and I think as I was thinking about this
 I was like hey, I know that a lot of a lot of you who are here today
 You know you've come off of Tony's list you've come off of Dean's list
 You come off of my list and my guess is if you were here today
 Then you're probably you probably like personal development, right?
 You like growth you like trying to figure things out like studying and learning and like and you're obsessed with it
 Right am I let me know if I'm in the right group
 How many guys are obsessed with personal development and growth and trying to figure out how to get yourself to the next level in the next
 Tier if that's you in the comments down below. I want to know like
 They're there I can say comments now. Okay, so that's you guys like let me know if that's the kind of person you are
 My guess is you are otherwise you wouldn't be here. I know that's kind of person
 I am gay
 I know when the very first time I went to a Tony Robbins event like I was there because I wanted more in my life
 I wanted to figure out how to have a better marriage had have more happiness how to like like all these things right
 I was looking for for ways that I could personally grow
 Okay, how many guys have felt that or you're in that stage right now growth?
 We're like I need to grow I need to grow and you're like studying and learning and you're listening to podcast and watching videos and doing all the
 Things because you're just loving this you're loving this growth phase of your life
 How many guys are in that phase right now? All right? We got a lot of
 All right, we've got you guys who are in the growth phase
 So I want to talk about this because there's a time in all of our life
 So we go through growth right and you keep growing and growing and growing but eventually the next year growth
 Doesn't happen through you just growing more right from from listening to the podcast from reading another book
 The next phase of your own personal growth is when you start shifting from growth to contribution
 Okay, and and so some of you guys anything what are you talking about?
 So shifting from growth to contribution so contribution isn't where I growth as powerful as growth is growth is about you right?
 It's about you figuring things out contributions about you helping other people and when you help other people
 The most amazing fascinating happens is you start growing at a faster and a higher tier right and business
 I believe and building your own brand and all things you're gonna be learning about is the next tier that like that is the greatest
 Contribution you can give is taking these things taking all the growth all the things you've been given all these gifts and shifting it to now
 How can I use these things to help change the lives of other people and when you do that? That's called contribution so I'm gonna show you guys
 Some stories kind of illustrate how this has happened in my own personal life
 And it's probably gonna be a reflection of how it either has happened in your life in the past or it's gonna be like
 A glimpse of what's gonna be happening to you guys as you go through this challenge
 Which is really cool because my goal for you is that I want to figure how can I get you guys off the sidelines?
 How can I get you to not just keep growing and making yourselves better?
 How do we shift to start transitioning start serving more people?
 Okay, that's how we're gonna change the world as business owners as entrepreneurs as people who care okay?
 And so the very first time I ever got this so anyone who knows my story
 I I was a wrestler growing up right like it was my thing. It's all I cared about all I thought about
 I wanted to be the best wrestler in the world and so for me that's all I did like in high school
 I was obsessed like I would wrestle every morning I'd wrestle every night before school after school during school
 I'd sneak away and go round as much as I could wrestle I would go to camps
 I'd watch my read books. I watch videos like and it was all about growth right and during my high school career
 I became really good wrestling in fact. I was you know
 I was a state champion
 I was in high school America took second place in the nation and all these things right and
 But for me it was like that was my time of growth
 I was just learning learning learning like absorbing everything every coach I could find every person
 I met every single match I would watch I'd study like what are they doing why they were doing it was a growth phase in my life
 Okay, I got done with high school and I was lucky enough to get some scholarship offers to colleges and
 The summer before went to college. I remember one of my wrestling coaches said hey
 I'm doing this wrestling camp would you like to come and and
 Help coach and I was like I never actually coached before like I'm a wrestler
 But and I'd bend the camp before as a student
 I'd never gone as a as a coach and I was like ah I don't really know like you know
 It's my last summer after high school
 I want to hang out my girlfriend at the time and things like that
 And remember I coach like I'll pay you $200 for the week and I was like I'm in because I had no money
 I was like 200 bucks is insane
 So I went to this wrestling camp and it was the first time that I had been given the reins of like hey
 No longer you're here to learn you're here to help these kids like here
 Here's the kids that you're in charge of helping and remember I was kind of nervous and it's like oh like like I know
 These things but I never taught them before never shared them. I never helped other people with them
 I know they work for me, but we work for these people and remember on
 One of the moves I'm really good at the move called a cheap tilt and at the wrestling camp
 There's like 300 kids there and the coaches like hey Russell
 I want you to teach your best move to all these guys and so I come down the kids and I try to teach them
 Here's how to do a cheap tilt and I showed them how to do the move
 I said hey go practice it and I you know I I thought like oh they'd understand it
 I remember the kids going out and they start trying to do it and none of them were even close to getting it right like they were
 Horrible and I was like what in the what in the world like like I'm like no no come back in come back inside
 All kids come back in like no you did it wrong. This is how you do
 I showed him again and said I could go try it again
 They all went out there and none of them could figure it out and I had this shift
 I was like okay like they're not getting it like this seems so simple
 I mean how could how are they not able to figure this out and so I hadn't come back in it's okay
 What am I doing it? Why am I doing it?
 I started noticing like okay
 The reason why this is working is because this is how my hips are structured
 This is where I'm holding his arm and like I started looking at the things
 I started breaking it down and I started coaching the kids through it and I started showing them
 I kid the reason why it works is because this is how you hit and I started showing them all the little intricacies
 And as I started showing them that I was like oh my gosh
 I had no idea that that's why this worked and I started thinking about my own personal life
 I'm my own personal growth like the reason why I lost this match
 I didn't accomplish this is because of these little things I hadn't noticed before and I started coaching kids and started showing them and
 Started contributing to the help of other people. I became a better wrestler
 Okay, it was this transition from me trying to learn everything to me trying to teach people and trying to show people and trying to
 Contribute to others that I got the next level of growth
 Okay, and same thing happened my business for years. I was went out there selling products selling services
 I was having success and eventually I hit the ceiling where I couldn't I couldn't grow anymore
 I didn't know why I thought you know my growth ceiling. I've hit it
 I need to shift a contribution that's how I started helping other entrepreneurs other business owners and showing them what I was doing and
 I stopped them things
 I started understanding why things work and why things didn't work and it helped me get to the next tier of growth
 Okay, so for all of us who are obsessed with growth the good news is you're gonna continue to grow
 Okay, but the better news is that your your your level of growth will like it first me first getting something new
 It gets really really fast and you start hitting the ceiling of growth, right now when you start hitting that ceiling
 You're like I'm looking for more I want more like I know there's there's the next level the next level is contribution
 It's you shifting from being on the sidelines and growing to you getting out on the field and coaching other people and helping them and helping
 Them through that process. Okay, that's what I'm so excited about is the build your brand challenge is my goal and Tony's and deans
 Is to help all of you guys who have been in this personal development space who have been growing like how do we take the stuff?
 Like you've become something amazing. How do we help you to contribute?
 How do we shift that from growth to contribution and you do that by building your brand by creating a business by by sharing these gifts that you've
 Been given okay, that's what we're gonna be talking about. We're just so excited
 How many guys are freaking out about this? Okay now? I'm sure there's two sides
 Okay, hey half of you guys are probably here and you're like yes
 I'm ready to change the world like I've got these gifts these talents these things that I've learned
 I know that I can change some of his life with these things
 I want to go and do it right and you're looking forward that you're so excited right?
 How many guys are in that phase?
 We were like freaking out you can't wait till Monday you want to start running today
 Okay now the other side how many guys are like on the other side you're like
 Whoa, I don't know if I'm ready. I am still growing. I'm not ready. I'm not preparing my like I'm not like and you're on that side
 Okay, and you're like oh, I'm not ready yet. So let me know I want there's two sides
 How many guys like I'm pumped and how many guys like I'm freaked out?
 I want to know which side okay if you're pumped comment
 I'm pumped if you're freaked out comment. I'm freaked out and if you're both like I am a little bit of both Russell
 Okay, so I want to see both
 I know that I know that all of us come here at different phases of our life. Okay, or you got people are pumped people are excited people are nervous
 Okay, so I want to share one last story you guys for those who are on the nervous side of like oh my gosh
 This is this is scary
 Okay, and I get that because I was the same way
 I remember when I first got started in my first business my first journey like the one we're about to take you on
 I was the same thing like I don't know if I'm good enough
 There's people that are smarter than there's people that are better than me
 There's people who've done this longer like I'm not I'm not ready and I remember thinking like out loud in my head like as soon as I've done
 This then I will go and I'll start helping people right. It was funny about it now. I've been doing this for 18 years
 You know Tony and Dean of a dude for like a hundred years each
 Like I still at this point in my career don't feel like I'm ready
 Okay, so hopefully it gives to me as hope
 But I know that I was like man if I don't start today like like there's people I can serve today, right?
 And maybe I don't feel like I'm the best in the world
 I'm not I'm not Tony Robbins yet. I'm not like the next here like that's okay
 I've started on this journey
 And I'm a few steps ahead of people behind me and I can look back and I can grab their hands
 I can help them I can pull them to where I'm already at okay?
 I don't know all the all the answer. I know exactly what I'm going
 But I do know how I got to hear and I can look backwards and I can grab people's hands and help them
 Okay, there's a there's a book where there's a movie some you haven't seen the movie catch me if you can
 Okay, Leonardo Caprios, and it's a really fun movie about this guy named Frank Abagnol
 Abagnale, I think he saves name and he was a he was a forger criminal who they he did all sorts of things right and the movie's really
 Fun I shows all these different things where he's an airline pilot and he's a doctor and he just shows up and he like acts
 Like he knows what he's doing and people just let him do stuff now in the movie
 This this part didn't make in the movie, but if you read the book catch me if you can the book
 There's a chapter in there where he talks about how
 During his life of like of tricking people and and things like that
 he actually went to to bring him young University and
 He walked into class he sat down on class and there was no teacher
 He said I'm just gonna teach this class and it was an advanced sociology class
 We got up on got up in front of it open the book and start teaching advanced sociology and he taught it for an entire semester
 Right and that which make you didn't know he just showed up and start teaching it and later when the feds actually caught him and arrested him
 And they were doing all the interrogations asked him this question
 They said how in the world did you teach an entire semester of advanced sociology?
 You were just a kid and he said something was so profound. He said
 He said all I had to do is every night I'd go ahead and I read the book and as long as I stayed one chapter ahead
 I was able to lead all these students where they needed to go
 Okay, and so that's the key like you guys have been doing this for a while you've been you've been going through this growth phase where you're learning
 You're growing you're becoming better or whatever your skill is whatever your craft is right everyone's different
 Some of you guys it's weight loss me as it's fitness and you guys it's business
 I mean you guys like whatever it is right for me
 It's this thing called funnels which most you don't know that is yet
 But that was my thing that I became obsessed with I start growing and growing and growing right and even though you may not be the best
 In the world where you think you want to be or whatever as long as you're chapter ahead
 You can go back and start helping people and start sharing them and start taking them on this journey with you
 Okay, and so I want you to remember that like you've been on the sidelines learning these things and you've become somebody amazing
 Otherwise you wouldn't be here right there's a reason why you're here you felt that tug you felt that pull
 That's why you registered you're like yes. I want to be part of this
 I want to create my own brand. I want to I want to do these things
 And so you've been doing this like you're already two or three steps ahead of so many people that you can serve so many people's lives
 You can change and so I'm excited and Tony and Dean
 I think we're so excited to give you guys the tools now to look back and say okay
 I may not be where I want to be yet
 But I mean a few steps forward from these people and I can serve and I can change their life
 Okay, I can give them some of the gifts that I've been given and when you do that this is what's amazing
 Okay, this is where you start shifting
 We've been on the you've been in a phase of your life
 You've been growing growing growing and you're gonna shift a contribution you can look backwards and say oh my gosh
 These are the people I can help and start pulling them along and start giving the gifts and the tools and the things you've been learning and
 Their lives can get transformed and as you do that you should make that shift from growth to contribution
 That's where you're gonna have the next phase of your growth a phase that is unequal to what you've experienced from your own personal growth
 I've gotten a hundred times more growth from contribution than ever have from growth alone, okay?
 So if you've been like man, I've been on fire. I've learned so much in my life
 I've grown so much you have just scratched the surface, okay?
 We're gonna be taking through a process from growth to contribution and in this this journey
 You're gonna get a hundred times more growth than you ever experienced so far in your life
 And it's not gonna make sense at first. It's not gonna be like you're sure Russell
 I don't believe that but I promise you when you experience it
 There's nothing better than when you have a chance to look back and you help pull somebody and you give them the transformation
 Your own transformations are amazing. I remember my like the feeling you get like oh I had this transformation
 Whatever your thing is right you had this transformation that changed your life
 It was amazing. It feels so good. You know imagine that times a hundred when you look back and you give that same transformation to somebody else
 It's always better every single time and so that's what we're excited to give you guys
 That's what building your brand and building a business and all the things are about
 It's taking this growth phase that you've been having and it's transitioning it to contribution
 Okay, so my goal for you guys
 It's for any of you guys who have been doing this for a while who you're excited
 Is I want to get you guys off the sidelines and come and play this game of contribution come and play this game of business come in
 Come and participate in it and it's gonna be hard. It's gonna be scary. It's gonna be fun
 It's gonna be all the emotions are gonna happen, okay
 One of my friends Stephen Larson said that that starting a business is the greatest personal development course you will ever go through
 You will learn more about yourself about the things you're good at things you're bad at like all these things are gonna happen
 It's gonna be crazy and it's gonna be scary and it's gonna be so much fun
 And so we are excited to take you guys on this ride
 I decided to be on this ride with you guys to take you through this process
 As we were crafting out next week and I was just thinking back about
 When I got started and the very first time I had a chance to learn some of these things the very first time
 like I had the aha and the epiphanies and these moments and how
 transformational it was for me and I am so excited to give you guys some of these aha
 So my goal for you is to show up and to show up at a level you've never done before show up with like excitement and energy
 And I don't care if you're nervous if you're afraid like all those things show up anyway, and we're gonna take you through a process
 And it's gonna be fun. It's gonna be simple. It's gonna be easy. It's gonna be something that I think you guys are gonna love
 And I think that's kind of what I want to share with you guys today. So if you're pumped a couple things number one
 I'm pumped the Monday is gonna be so much fun. I'm gonna be going live again before Monday by Monday
 So me dean and Tony and we are going to anyway, I think we're all gonna try to win up each other
 So I'm gonna be bringing my best stuff day number one
 So do not miss it because I don't want to look dumb in front of Tony Robbins like completely honest
 I'm a little nervous about that
 So I'm gonna be trying to try to up my game higher than I've ever done in my past
 So day number one is gonna be insane. We got a special guest in day number two
 I cannot wait to share it to you guys. Her name is Stacy Martino
 If you haven't met Stacy yet
 She's somebody who literally is is in this same journey with you guys like she's just a few steps ahead of you
 Okay, Stacy someone who and I'm not gonna ruin her. I'm not gonna tell her old story, but she
 She's someone whose marriage was falling apart and she figured out
 some frameworks and some tools and some things to save her marriage and after that she started implementing these things that we're gonna be showing you guys and
 showing you exactly how she's done as well and
 In the last the last few years
 She's had a chance to save over 10,000 marriages people to go through their programs have less than a 1% divorce rate
 Which is insane considering the country is like what?
 50-60-70% it's crazy
 And she's gonna show you the same journey and you're gonna learn from her you're gonna see from her
 You're gonna see like this shift from growth to contribution how how this personal development
 She's for her own marriage how it changed her marriage change your life and now the the shifting to contribution how she's saved over
 10,000 marriages like look at that like how how much better does that feel like that is insane?
 She's gonna hear her story in day number two and then you're all like the whole the whole week is choreographed and and built out in a way
 That's gonna be transformation for you guys and so I'm excited for you
 Also as you guys saw when you signed up for this we also have this really cool software platform that's gonna make this even easier for you
 In fact on Monday you're gonna have a chance to go in there start building things out now
 It's not required for you to go through this challenge, but it will make the process so much easier
 So if you haven't got that yet make sure you go back and get the get the trial for the software
 You can just use it is free during the challenge
 It'll give you a chance to use it if you don't like it at the end
 You can cancel it, but it gives you a chance to go in there start building out the stuff
 We're gonna be doing together and
 Man, there's so many fun things. I don't want to ruin the surprise, but it's gonna be amazing
 I'm really really excited. So again, what I would I how about this?
 This is your first your first your first homework from a growth to contribution standpoint all of you guys signed up here
 Because you want to own personal growth, okay?
 So my my my challenge for you today is who could you invite who could you contribute to whose life you know could use this?
 Who do you know that's in the job?
 They hate who you guys know who's got talent or skills that you know that math
 They took that into their own personal brand. It could change the lives of tons of people
 Okay, this is your job to contribute right now is go invite people to this challenge bring them in
 Like I said, this is the fastest growing thing. I've ever been in part of I think it was 26,000 people joined yesterday
 There's over 10,000 before I went live today
 I think we're gonna have hundreds of thousands of people here
 And so bring the people you up bring people you care about contribute to them invite them to be part of this
 Tell me come watch this video and get them fired up. It's gonna be so much fun. Anyway, I'm pumped you guys
 Are you excited as I am? Ah, this will be so cool
 It's gonna be so much fun. Oh
 Anyway, okay, I'm gonna I don't want to leave I got
 777 people live with me right now like the last thing when these leave, but I also don't want to I don't want to
 overstay my my or overstay my
 Welcome, so I appreciate you guys hanging out today. It's gonna be so much fun
 I will see you guys again in a day or two. I'll be jumping back in here with the next phase for pre-training
 But hopefully give this you guys just a vision of like what's possible? What's happening where we're going?
 How are you gonna be able to change the lives of so many people through this process and not only that it's gonna change your life
 At a level you never even thought was possible and that's what's so exciting
 So if you're pumped let me know the comments down below when I end this video
 I'm gonna go and read everyone these comments
 So the more you tell me tell me your story tell me why you're excited tell me why you're afraid tell me all those things
 I'll be incorporating as much those things into the training that I'm doing as possible to help make sure we're serving you guys at the
 Highest level possible. It's gonna be fun you guys. Thank you again so much for participating in the build your brand challenge
 I cannot wait to help take you guys off the sidelines get you in the game get you changing people's lives and a level
 You never knew was even possible. It's gonna be so much fun
 There's no one better on this planet to learn from the mr. Tony Robbins Dean and I we're pretty cool as well
 But we are not Tony but between all three of us
 We are here to help serve you guys and help take your lives your business and your contribution to the next level
 Thank you guys so much appreciate you all and I'll see you guys again soon. We'll see you Monday ah
 All right, bye everybody
 We have decided to do it again. Yes earlier this year
 We did our first ever virtual conference called to comic Club live
 We over 5,000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing
 So because of that we decided to do the virtual event just one more time
 And I wanted to invite you and your family to attend for free. This is how it works first
 You can get your ticket at www.tukomaclublive.com you're gonna put in your credit card
 But we're not gonna charge you anything then you can attend the full three days and learn everything
 You can from me and from other two comic Club winners and then after the event decide if it's worth it
 If it's not let us know and you won't pay anything
 But if you love it and I'm sure you will then you'll get built after the event is over
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the two comic Club
 So go get your tickets right now before they are gone go to www.tukomaclublive.com
 Yes, that's www.tukomaclublive.com
 www.acalbliv.com.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
