 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I hope you guys are pumped and excited for today
 Today, I'm gonna bring you some charisma some hacking some excitement and a whole bunch of fun stuff
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so I wanted to funnel hack somebody today
 because what they're doing is really really cool and I think it would behoove you all to watch what she is doing so
 the person I'm talking about her name is McCall Jones and
 The story as I know it and I probably don't know all the details, but she is related to Catherine Jones who is our resident design hacker
 who spoke of fun hacking live this year about design hacking and
 She was so excited. She was gonna speak on stage. She invited her friends and her family to all come watch her crush it
 And she did crush it. She did an amazing job and one of her
 I think it's her sister-in-law came not knowing anything about what in the world we do and she sat there and watched
 Catherine do her thing and then she watched an entire event and she was like this is amazing
 I want to do something related to this now McCall's background
 Actually, I don't know all our background. I do know that she was on
 What's that what's that show
 You think so you can think so you think you can dance. That's not it. She's on high school musical part - I believe so
 I might quote the wrong maybe it's part one. I've never seen either
 I'm not gonna lie, but I think she's on high school musical part - so she's got acting career and a bunch of stuff like that
 But she's watching this and she's like oh my gosh like Catherine's teaching design acting Russell's teaching funnel hacking like I could teach
 How to hack what I do which is she's like as an actress or actor. I don't really call themselves nowadays
 I don't know it's politically correct. So I apologize to all the actors who I just offended with my
 Unknowingness how to say it right anyway
 She was like I can teach people how to how to hack charisma like how do how do it?
 How was Russell like we got on stage and what's he doing? Why is he doing all sorts of stuff?
 And so she decided that she was going to
 Become the person who was going to teach people who want to become speakers or authors or like you know
 Selling from stage or new webinars Facebook lives like how to actually get charisma a lot of people don't have that right?
 They come on like I am Russell and they're all nervous right like I was
 15 years ago, right? It's scary at first and so she's like I'm gonna teach a framework for how people can do charisma hacking
 And so that began her journey. So this is my thing
 This is my my the the spot in the market that I'm gonna claim. I'm gonna teach people this this process
 I'm gonna call it charisma hacking and this is my thing right?
 So first off everything so far what she's done is awesome, right?
 Same thing for you, right? You should be in your marketplace looking around like where's the gap where are people not talking about?
 Like what can I like what can I what can I do like to be unique?
 What is it something that my gifts bring to the market this can be differently in belts?
 And so for her because they're acting career and understanding of these things
 She thought you know, this is the segment of the market. I can I can carve out it can become my own right where I can become the category king in it
 So that's the first lesson
 Second lesson so this you went out there and she created a framework and she started a coaching program
 She started training people how to do it. I'm sure she did a lot of it for free
 She started going into Catherine's groups and teaching this concept called charisma hacking where she was testing out her process and testing things out
 She came into mind
 I had to do a training for our two common club ex members because so many of them teaching to publish and they're scared to death to publish
 So I'm like hey, McCall can you do a training for my people teaching them the basics of like Christmas hacking looking around and finding people who are successful and modeling them?
 And so she made an amazing video for our members and so then now, you know all Catherine's members and my members and other people are learning from her
 She's going out there working for free right getting her content out there plugging it
 Strategically into people's coaching programs where she has a chance to first off practice her, you know
 her material like practice her framework special learning about her and
 And basically did all that stuff for free for everybody right now. She's learning now from there
 She's able to go and she's created a whole value out right?
 She's got a core she's got live one-on-one training
 She's got things which she can help you and she has a business related step right?
 This is where most people mess up they create the framework they create the product and then like how do I sell this thing?
 Ah, I don't know how to sell it and obviously
 You know, there's a ton of funnels that can sell it. I'm not gonna talk about that
 But I do want to talk about is what McCall is doing now
 I've just been keep being more impressed with every time I'm watching what she's doing
 so what she started doing three weeks ago is
 This thing where as a way to get lead gen to get people in the door
 And also the way to connect with her dream 100 so I'm assuming again
 I'm not behind the scenes of all this but I'm assuming she built out the list like a who my dream 100 who are the people and by definition of the dream 100
 Dream 100 is somebody who has your existing customers on their list on their social profile
 They're following whatever that might be right they have the attention of your potential dream customers
 And so I'm assuming that McCall made a list and she put me on the list
 But Dave Woodward pushed Steven Larson and I'm not sure who else because she's not for three weeks now
 But I'm sure there more on there, right?
 And so what she's been doing is what she calls her charisma
 Chrism hacking weeks or chrisma live or something like that, right?
 Well, basically what she's doing is each week she picks someone who's on her dream 100
 So the first week was me and she said I'm gonna chrisma hack Russell every single day for this next week
 And so every day she went live in her face on her Facebook page and so okay, here's one Russell's videos
 Let me chrisma hack him so she pushes play on my video and she pauses and talks about what I did and why did it and goes through that
 And first she broke down one of my Facebook lives
 The next day she broke down one of my ads next day she broke down another thing and she did that for five days showing people
 How I use charisma and how they can model what I'm doing to be successful theirs, right?
 It was cool about it
 She's tagging me all these so I keep seeing it as their dream 100
 I keep being aware of the fact that she's talking about me, which is like, you know flattering like oh, this is cool
 So I watched a bunch of them, but then it also by tagging it a lot of my people started singing a lot of my
 People were watching start tagging my customers and tagging people and bringing them over and so by doing this she's getting my attention
 She's also getting the attention of a lot of people
 That that that follow me right now obviously right now. I'm doing a podcast talking about it
 So it's bringing more people do all right, but it's smart
 She's she's splittering off the market and saying let me do five videos breaking down Russell what he's doing
 That's gonna bring his people in right and next week. She picked Stephen Larson same thing
 Let me chrisma
 Stephen Larson and she did a Facebook live he did then an ad he did then this and that and she broke that down
 She tagged Stephen on it and brought people from Stephen's world into a world now this week
 She's doing Dave Woodward next week. She'll do someone else right and so each week she has this consistent
 Publishing process where she's out there publishing bring people into her world now they can come in they can get into a value
 Out and they can start sending up through the products and services that she's selling okay
 Well, she's doing she's taking this thing that she's teaching taking her framework and showing how to apply as other people
 What's interesting is I did something very very similar when I launched click funnels, okay?
 I did the same thing where I was out there and I
 Started showing it funny. I still remember this cuz Lewis house. I used to love his website
 I still love about it
 I used to love it like I remember seeing a site means so jealous of it
 I found out the company who built it is digital to left in the to let the knee
 I think anyway
 I can't say anything but the company and I went to high I went to try to hire them to build a website for me because
 Lewis's looks so freaking cool and
 There they wanted to charge me it was like thirty something thousand dollars for them to design a web page for me
 And I was like oh my kids are good be not that good right and so when click funnels came out
 I wanted to show people I was like I want to show you this process. So I took Lewis's page
 I remember I had my monitor had Lewis's page and left hand side and click phones the right hand side
 I said I want to show you I can build Lewis's thirty thousand dollar web page inside a click funnel is in less than ten minutes
 And I went through and literally built his web page side by side until it's done
 I was like it looks just like his right it cost me nothing
 I didn't ten minutes because I understand these these concepts of funnel hacking in if you rest Catherine it'd be design hacking
 Right like how do you model something that's already successful?
 So that's why I became really really good at really really good at doing
 So there is a there is the first practical
 Like the thing that I was doing I was in a for a lot of people I were going to Tony Robbins pages another page
 I used to do we used to do
 We used to do Facebook lives every single week
 We called them the did you know show like did you know you can use in click funnels and this and this and we show off features
 While I would be
 Basically rebuilding other people's funnels inside a click funnels to show them how we could any you can build
 You know in anything else we could build in click funnels as well
 And that's initially how I got so much my momentum off the ground is by doing that right and so anyway
 So I was watching my call do this and like oh my gosh, this is brilliant. So for you
 I'm gonna think about this think about your framework, right?
 What is the thing that you're teaching right?
 So look at that and you've got me to get your product in your courses and I'm not talking about that when I'm talking about
 How do we how do we fill our funnel with people who are potentially gonna buy that thing from us, right?
 How do you get attention of your dream 100?
 How do you start getting the traffic and the leads and the people coming in right?
 This is all the traffic secret stuff we talk about it's coming back and thinking about that and then say okay
 How can I apply my framework to show how my dream 100 is doing something correctly, right?
 Here's how somebody dream 100 is building a funnel. Let me show off their funnel. Here's how somebody over here is doing this is
 Using charisma. Let me show it. Here's how somebody who's using design hacking here someone over here is using
 Whatever if you know fill in the blank that your product is okay
 The nice thing that's I had to talk with Dana Derek's about this one time the cool things like when you when you pick a
 When you create a framework, but you name it it becomes yours, right? So like for example Dana's big he teaches
 He teaches every dream 100 day didn't come up with that
 I didn't come up that Chet Holmes was one that kind of introduced it to me and to Dana
 But Dana's kind of made that his business is like the dream 100 dream 100 right?
 And he says what's cool about it. He's like I can now go and when I see anybody doing any any version of the dream 100
 Even they don't call that I can go and say hey, let me show you how
 How Rachel Hollis use the dream 100 to make her book the best-selling book of all time right?
 Last year right and then he can go show that and like this is her process
 How she did it and even though she didn't call it dream 100 to know but she was able to say this is my framework
 How she how she applied it it was the dream 100 and also it gives all the credibility now to his framework even though
 Even though you know she didn't exactly know what but she was still doing it right?
 Well, here's that Tom Billy user dream writer. Here's that so and so and so and start showing people using the tool the thing that you're trying to do right?
 And that is that is the strategy. That's the big the big aha the big secret
 Anyway, so think about that. What's your framework?
 Who are the people either dream 100 of people in the media or whoever who are using your
 unknowingly using your framework or parts of your framework you can show and you can case study and putting those out there as
 Videos as Facebook lives breaking them down showing people and people start seeing it over and over and over again
 That's gonna get their intentions can get increase the desire and it's gonna make them want the thing that you've got
 Okay, and so I said McCall Jones is doing such a cool job
 But if you go follow her on Facebook, you can see it you can start seeing what she's doing why she's doing it
 And watch the process again
 I'm I'm a nerd where I spend more time watching people are doing the one then actually listening to the thing they're teaching me right?
 And so with this the McCall I'm watching what she's doing. I'm like, ah, this is brilliant
 This is so smart and hope you guys are watching as well. Anyway, with that said I just am at the office
 I got some fun stuff to do today. I'm pumped a lot of exciting things are happening. I can't tell you about them all right now, but
 Next three to six months like click phones is gonna be crazy
 And I cannot wait to show you guys all the stuff we're doing
 So I'll reveal as much as I can behind the scenes show the podcast
 But if that said appreciate you all thanks for paying attention listening and I'll talk to you guys all soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick I just opened up
 a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over you text is 208-231-379-7. Once again, it's 208-231-379-7. When you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone
 And then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-379-7. One more time
 That's 208-231-379-7. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
