 What's up everybody this is Russell welcome back to the marking secrets podcast. I'm actually in a hotel room up in northern Idaho
 Bowen one of my twins is wrestling a turn up here
 So we flew up last night and I'm hanging out a whole bunch of teenagers for the next two days and I'm in hotel room and
 I'm reading I'm studying I'm working on my next book and much other things and just wanted to share some thoughts specifically
 around your Hall of Fame and your Super Bowl goals
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so like I said, I'm in a hotel room right now. I feel bad up from my neighbors next and you can hear me talking
 It's a it's a it's not a nice hotel. It's definitely, you know, they gave her the new walls, but here we go
 They're getting a free podcast episode anyway
 so
 On the flight up here and then I have an eight-hour bus ride with the teenagers coming back home. I'm
 It's kind of geeking out working on my next book project
 Which if you listen to the episode I did with Josh 40 on about New Year's time
 We first started kind of talking about
 Goal-setting and how you my goals and talking about Hall of Fame goal into Super Bowl goal and all these things it was fascinating after I
 Start talking about that. I got tons of feedback from friends and people I haven't heard from a long time and like how it affected them
 and how it like made things so clear and
 So I wanted to just talk a little more because they get a I'm flushing my ideas out now
 Then working on this book and trying to think through the process and the structure and how to do all the things and I know that
 Podcasts episode we talked about a lot of the stuff from identity shifting to beliefs rules values all kind of stuff
 But I just wanted more so come back and
 Just focus on a couple things. So the first one was
 Talked about it's like when you're setting a goal and this is true
 I learned initially from Alkshar from he talked about it from when you we have a business like what is your business goal?
 And he talked about most businesses. It's like we want to make money and it's like
 I know you have to structures they look at it like you would a football team, right?
 And he said you know every football player comes in and they want to be in the Hall of Fame
 That's the end thing, right? So if you're business like what's the Hall of Fame goal?
 Like what's the thing you want to to do someday, right? Like we don't remember four
 That's the first thing to figure out and then you reverse engineer setbacks. Okay now and I know that that is like now this year
 I want to win the Super Bowl so what's your Super Bowl goals a business, right?
 For a lot of you guys, I'm assuming your Super Bowl goal is to win a two-comic club board, right? Or maybe you've already won one
 So your Super Bowl goal for this year is to win two-comic club X, right?
 But that's like your Super Bowl goal and then you come down from there and you're okay now. What are the
 the
 You know, it could be quarterly things we got to accomplish to be able to do that. What are the weekly games? We got to play
 And then what are the daily things and your habits?
 And so you kind of reverse engineer it from that, right?
 And the daily levels that we best be building your habits and routines and all the things you need to be able to
 Get in the Hall of Fame eventually, right? If you think about it like we all want to be a Hall of Fame
 But from a from a day-by-day standpoint it comes down to the to the routines and the
 Those kind of things we put in our place, right? If you're a football player, it's you getting up in the morning is lifting weights. It's nutrition
 It's working out. It's doing the things the coach says it's watching film. It's like these are all the the habits and routines you do
 consistently for long periods of time to make it so you can win the game each week which means you can win the the
 You know your division which means you can go to the playoffs which means you can
 Win the Super Bowl which means eventually you can get in the Hall of Fame
 So it's kind of interesting because we always look at I think a lot of us are looking at the Super Bowl
 but not like the Hall of Fame and so one of my friends who
 Who was in that podcast he came back and he was like, oh my gosh, this the Hall of Fame concept was a gold a game changer for me
 It's like because I had these other goals, but a lot of times they were they weren't leaning towards like this Hall of Fame, right?
 Or maybe even like going opposite directions or they're they're fighting and
 It was interesting for him. He came back and he told me like he's like I kind of break this into two two sides like my
 Personal goals, but also like my business my mission goals
 And it's fascinating because in the book I'm actually working on that specifically because
 There's there's so many goals we could have right and he gets a little moment like we have goals
 about our fitness and goals about our this and that and like
 There's a million goals, but which I think that can get overwhelming
 But I do think that if you break it down to
 two two things which are growth and contribution your own personal growth and then your
 Contribution to other people like those are the two the two types of goals that that really drive everything towards towards the Hall of Fame
 I
 Think again, this may shift by the time I get the book out
 This is still rot thoughts in Russell's head
 I just want you to think about that like
 And it's interesting because if you look at Tony Robin's six human needs which I'll be talking about in the book as well
 Like there are the four needs of the body
 Which you know, I'm not gonna go I've done episodes on this I'm not gonna go deep on it right now
 But you know, there's certainty and then there's variety. There's love and connection and then there's
 Significates or those are the four needs of the body and there's two needs of the spirit one needs the spirit is surprise
 Growth and the other one is surprise surprise
 Contribution so what's interesting is the first software to learn how to master the needs of our body. Otherwise, we never get to
 We never get to the needs of the spirit
 Which I see all you guys and do like a three-day event actually I'm doing a three-day event in Mexico teaching the stuff to
 To those who are my two humble club X and my inner circle coaching programs in March, so that's exciting, but
 But conceptually like the quick version you can go dive deeper if you look at how Tony Robin's 16 needs works
 Like anytime something in your life
 Meats three of your four needs it creates a physical addiction in your body, right?
 and if you if you're your needs aren't being met through one thing you'll find a way to get it met somewhere else, right?
 Like you will figure out a way to get your needs met like the needs of your body less for
 And people give up their values look you look they're everything to make sure the needs are met so if if you
 You know aren't getting love and connection at home. You're gonna seek for another way as you're gonna find it through
 It's different prevalence and people get through works and we'll get through drugs and we'll get through
 Pinnography some people get it through, you know joining a bowling team like it's like our we will get our needs met
 And the problem is most people they spend their whole life trying to get their needs met in ways that aren't
 Satisfying they don't drive them and so they're stuck in this rut hole, right?
 And so again, that's a podcast that's a seminar for the day
 But after we figure out how to get our the fourth needs of the body met the needs the personality met
 Then we're able to shift to the needs of the spirit which are the two growth and contribution which holy cow we're talking about growth and contribution
 So the reason most people never actually hit their goals is because guess what they never
 Figure out the the core base needs to solve in those problems first after you solve those problems
 Then you can shift over to these other things which are growth and contribution and so for me
 like there there are the Hall of Fame goal is is the blend of growth and contribution right like it's at the end like who do I want to be and
 I've struggled kind of explaining this but my friend who who
 Who listened the episode he came back and he'd doodle all out and was patted paper
 He's like okay. He's like he's like what is my Hall of Fame and he started explaining?
 He was like it's like he's using words like like things he wanted to feel you know like and
 I haven't sat down and done this for myself yet. So I
 Don't have a talk. I had to kind of like these are this is my Hall of Fame goals
 But it's definitely like a feeling right it's like like I want to be like this person in fact
 One thing that is fascinating. It could be fascinating to look at like you know
 I think most of the times we're thinking about like our whole thing Hall of Fame goal and who we want to become
 We're looking at like
 Okay, there's there's who we want to become but but we're liking it's something we already know right like it's a person
 It's a it's a something so like who is like who is the person who are the
 The composites and multiple people that like that's what I want to be you know like like I want to be
 In fact, I wonder I'm gonna pause this really quick
 And I'm gonna read some thank you from Napoleon Hill give me one second to find it. Okay, I'm back so I found so I'm reading
 Napoleon Hill's a whole bunch of stuff
 But one of the things I was reading on the flight over is Napoleon Hill's laws of success
 It's not the law of success that most people have
 Actually found a first edition from 1925. There's that was published three years before the one that is in people's hands
 And anyway, I'm reading from those manuscripts
 But anyway, sorry I digress it was really fascinating because
 He talked about how like he puts on
 He has a council of people like that he is an imagination like like works out ideas and things to write so in his
 This isn't a pony hills the list of people he had it is like his table of you know his his
 mastermind like
 The people who passed on the people he had or Napoleon which I think it's been pulling blown apart
 Washington Emerson Albert Hubbard. These are the people he had on his list
 Lincoln
 Anyway, and then he went through he said
 You talk about each person in the visit he said mr. Lincoln
 I desire to build my own character those qualities of patience and fairness towards all mankind and have keen since a humor
 Which were your outstanding characteristics? I need these qualities nice to not be content until I've developed them
 It's the mr. Washington. I desire to build in my own character those personalities of patrons and self sacrifice and leadership
 Which were your outstanding characteristics? I mean goes on talks about Emerson Napoleon Hubbard like all these people
 He looks up to and like the characteristics and so I was like that's like the best way to do the all favors
 Like who do we want to be like like who your idols your heroes the people who like if you could look at that
 That's what I want to you know like for me
 There's definitely people who passed on I look up to right like I look up to Joseph Smith as someone who's my like a mentor
 And a friend is someone who you know he was the first Mormon prophet
 I look up to him Napoleon Hillsman look up to Charles Handel always old
 Personal development authors like old marketers like all these people who
 Who like I've seen them I've read their books. I've seen their stuff like I look up those people like that's what I want to become
 Like for me like I don't know how to explain my hall of fame goal yet
 But I do know what it feels like it feels like in 200 years now
 There's gonna be kid like Russell on eBay searching for stuff and he finds my work and he finds my books and he finds my
 These things I've done and he's just like oh my gosh
 And he takes those things in and he like that's the feeling I want right the same thing that I'm having for these for these thought leaders
 Who are who are molding and changing my life?
 and
 so
 Yeah, like what are the who are the people that?
 That and specifically why like each person like you know, you know
 Napoleon Hill said I
 Want linking because of these characters I wanted
 Washington because these characters like who are the people you look up to do you want to be like?
 And what are the characteristics that you want to emulate like those are the things I feel like are part of the hall of fame goals
 Like who do you want to become right? It's less it's less
 a tangible like thing it's more like if you become by the time you're done right and
 So then we step back and now we come down to so that's the hall of fame right now
 You got our Super Bowl goals right so Super Bowl goals. These are very tangible like this is not like I want to make money
 This is like I want to make two comic Club by June 16th, right?
 I think I'm gonna win the Super Bowl on February 2nd
 You know, like they're very tangible very realistic. You know, there's a beginning you know, there's an end
 You either achieve it or you don't there's a finality like like that's the goal
 And so you pick these goals with what point he'll call is definitely their per definiteness of purpose right like
 I know exactly what I'm gonna do how I'm gonna do like this is what I want and so what I thought was interesting
 My friend reached out to me. He was saying, you know, he's like I think there's two sides
 Like I have my my my personal goals, but also my my mission goal or my you know, my my yeah my mission my my work goals
 I said, yes, exactly like it's growth and contributions like what are your growth goal?
 Like what do you want to achieve like what do you want to personally achieve right and second size is how do you want to contribute?
 I feel like if you set a hall of I guess you were a goal for both of those different sides
 and
 They work hand in hand
 That's what you're moving towards right like I need to I'm like I'm trying to become this like this is my goal personally
 It's my goal as a mission and you're looking at those things and they work hand-hand right the more growth you have the more likely you build contribute
 And the more you'll be able to contribute so
 They can have to figure out exactly how to explain this yet, but conceptually that makes sense
 So I'm picking goals both about growth and about contribution
 And I'm picking them with deafness the purpose of exactly what it is where I'm going
 In all of them pulling hills books like literally I've got pretty much every manuscript he's ever published
 I can find he talks about deafness the purpose and always talking about like the people who are successful in life
 They they have a definite purpose. I know this is exactly what I want and they have a definite plan to achieve it
 This is the steps I'm going to do to go and achieve that thing right?
 and one of the quotes I
 Marked last night from a lot of success. It was interesting. He said until a man selects a definite purpose in his life
 He dissipates his energies and spreads his thoughts over so many subjects in so many different directions that they are led not to power
 But to indecision and weakness boom so if you don't have this definite purpose like this is what I'm doing
 I'm moving forward. This is my plan. This is like if you have those things then you're dabbling you're all over the place
 Which is like the majority of the world right everyone's dabbling
 They're doing little things here and there and they're all over the place, but no one's actually moving forward definite in this a purpose
 It says it there they're led in so many directions
 That they lead not to power but to indecision weakness, which is the majority of the world, right?
 There's no power. There's no decisions. No moving. It's just
 It's just randomness and so for us
 It's picking a whole thing go who do I become and it's looking back one step
 So okay, that's where you know if I achieve all my goals each year
 I keep in the Super Bowl eventually I'll get there, but now what are my Super Bowl goals?
 What is my what is I want about personal growth that I want to achieve and what is my one on contrib?
 You should know I want to cheat and then picking those and making them definite
 You know again not just like I want to make more money
 I want to lose weight like I want to be 127 pounds and I want to be 6% body fat by June 16th
 Boom now, I know there's the gold definite a purpose and I can reverse engineer
 Okay, if I'm gonna win that Super Bowl like what I got to do okay, well, I need to know I got to figure it out
 Right, I don't know how many calories I need each day. I know what which exercise I need to do it
 I know and you reverse engineer all the way down to like okay now
 I know my daily routines my my morning routines but afternoon routines like these are things I need to do to be able to
 Eventually win Super Bowl so eventually I can be the whole fame
 And it's true that any goal right so setting the personal goal setting the the
 Like the personal growth goal setting the contribution goal and then now you got definite purpose now create a definite plan
 And then like I said there's so much more I can get out with you like and it's like figuring out the needs your body
 So things are met so you can actually focus on your goals
 You don't keep keeping sucked down to this thing that's not gonna help you to have the success you need and you want
 Ah, but that'll be a podcast episode from the day anyway
 Hope this helps again. I know that I'm giving breadcrumbs because I don't have all the answers yet
 But hopefully a couple things hopefully this helps you number one number two if you are in the process of creating your frameworks and your thoughts
 Know how I'm doing this right I'm talking about I'm sharing it. I'm sharing unfinished thought and finished ideas
 It helps me think it out loud helps me to to get the
 You know gets me in momentum gets these things happening
 And it's like you doing this we get closer and closer and March. I'm doing an event about it and then
 These September's and my due date on the manuscripts. Oh, right then I'll have the book and manuscript submitted
 So anyway, hope to help you guys. Thank you so much for listening to this and all episodes grateful for you guys
 If you haven't joined the no BS and the behind the scenes newsletter yet make sure you do that
 This is the print physical newsletter that
 It goes out twice a month the first month is called magnetic marketing. It's coming from me and Dan Kennedy
 And second one every every fourth nation news letters called the behind the scenes
 I'm showing behind the scenes of the funnels we have that are working the best in all the businesses I run or I mentor
 It's amazing and just you know like
 Like I'm spending two or three days every single month writing these things like this is not someone I outsourced
 It's not me recording audio and transcribing and like it's me sitting on my computer spending two or three days writing these things out because
 I'm really passionate about it. I love newsletters is how I learned initially growing up
 I finished the Fed be wary behind the scenes newsletter yesterday before I flew out. It's good
 Like it shows you guys literally here's the funnel. Here's the steps. Here's the pages. Here's the scripting
 Here's the like we break it down step by step by step. So it's not a member yet
 If you go to know bsletter.com you can go get the the most incredible free gift ever
 It's like 20 bucks and then you get a third-day trial for the news letter you get two newsletters in the mail
 Make sure you that because I said I'm putting a lot of effort at this and they're really powerful
 Basically say every two weeks you're getting a mini book written by me and Dan Kennedy sent to your house
 And I grab it read it plot one or two ideas
 You that every single every every two weeks from now till this time next year and implement things
 Peace be like this one thing at a time
 Your business in 12 months now and obviously I promise you that so anyway, it'll be us letter.com. Thank you for listening
 Appreciate y'all and I'll talk to you soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me
 And let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you also Dan Kennedy
 And I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now
 At no bsletter.com not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters. They'll be hand delivered by the mailman to your mailbox each and every month
 One from Dan Kennedy and one from me to get this gift and your subscription go to no bsletter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
