 Hey, good morning everybody this is Russell Brunson or welcome to the marketing secrets podcast as I record this
 We are less than a month away from blocking live. We're less than a week away from 10x and I feel a little stressed over
 Well, but I want to share something cool that happened last night
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so I
 Get people all the time who asked me like Russell's you ever get stressed out Russell's you remember one Russell?
 You're always so happy in fact my sister. I love my sister. She's the coolest
 in in in her church. There's people who know who I am and
 What a master one day like is your brother always happy see always excited and
 She's like I don't think so. I think you know when he's on the Instagram
 I'm sure he's usually excited, but there's times he's not recording. He probably isn't as excited
 Anyway, she told me that maybe kind of laugh because he obviously
 When you're tired and depressed and so rarely do you click recording Instagram like hey
 this sucks right now
 Or your record podcast like this is horrible. I want to die
 Yet there are times that happens the fact is funny because two days ago and Instagram
 I did and it's on my Instagram thing and I I was like today sucks
 It was really really really hard and brutal
 But you know like one cool thing happened and it's funny got everyone message me like okay
 like like freaking out because
 And it's maybe laughing like there's a lot of times that are tough
 Especially like in the position I'm in right now like it's funny how
 You know when you're at least for me like when I was getting started
 And I was like off
 I just had money then all my problems go away and then as I have money
 I'm like man if I didn't have so much money all my problems would go away and it's like no matter where you're at the spectrum
 The problems don't change the fact I feel like the problems get bigger
 Luckily, hopefully if you have been educating and working hard along the way your capacity and your ability to handle those
 New trials and troubles and issues and problems increases as well so you're able to handle it
 But uh, but they don't go away
 Anyone's wondering like I'm sure I make money so these problems go away. They don't so there's a spoiler alert alert for you
 But but they're there and it's hard and you know right now in the season of my life and of this year
 It isn't insanely hard
 You know I look at we've got two big events at the 10x event which is happening in a week for now
 I'm gonna be speaking in front of 35,000 people and you might be thinking oh Russell
 It's easy to show up and just do your thing
 But it's like no you don't understand like like what goes into speaking
 Period like like speaking is it I mean if I was gonna go and just deliver keynote that that's one thing
 I don't stress about those at all
 It's like what I'm going to sell like there's a ton of stress because there's so much you have to choreograph like like you have to create
 You don't just give a presentation like every word is scripted in the presentation to be able to get somebody to break their false belief patterns
 So that you can actually serve them and they're gonna stand up and run the back of the room
 And then you got to coordinate like how do you get people back there?
 And how do you get their order forms like processing three point two million dollars in a night is not an easy process as we learned last year
 You know this time we're from three times many people I have no idea
 I might bomb and only sell like 50 grand who knows which should actually be nice because then it wouldn't be a stressful right now
 You know let's say you know with three times many people say we just double how many cells we get I mean that's
 Six million dollars in sales is processing tonight with the whole people in hotel room like that's not an easy task
 How do you do that? How do you coordinate it? How do you and there's so much stress that goes into that and then this year?
 And I'm not only speaking once grants asked me speak twice
 I'm seeking day one where I'm selling click-thongs and they - I'm selling a
 $25,000 thing now
 How many guys are sold the $25,000 thing in 90 minutes? It is not easy. I've never done it
 I can follow hiking live
 We usually have a coaching offer at the end
 But it's a four-day process to get people warmed up and build rapport and all those kind of things before you sell them that
 So I got to figure out how to write a pitch and write a script to sell a $25,000 coaching program in 90 minutes
 Which is not an easy task in front of 35,000 people and if I fail like everybody's watching me ah and then there's this added thing of like
 I can tell you all the stress. I don't want to tell you all but like
 Anyway, there's there's so much behind it
 And then like I'm focusing all the different on that and knowing that I can three weeks after that
 Funnel hacking live story. I've got six presentations of my own
 I still have not started on for fun hacking live and it's like oh my gosh
 And then traffic secrets to manuscripts do April 1st and like I'm not gonna like I've got the outline and and I've been an event
 So I've thought through the stuff I like pen to paper like I
 Even close ah
 And so I'm gonna say in the season now where I have filling insane amounts of pressure and on top of that
 We're rebuilding the two-comical vice coaching program and then we're building structure our company
 We're still growing and oh by the way on the side
 I'm running a hundred million dollar your company with 250 plus employees that is blowing up at all the seams right?
 We're hiring insane amounts people all the time and like
 It is a lot and I'm not telling that feel bad for me. They don't please don't feel bad like I feel really good this morning action
 I'm feeling really good, but I'm telling you this just to know that like
 For those years you're like sauce sunshine sunshine and roses it gets easier and easier it doesn't but your capacity and your ability to handle it gets easier
 And that's that's the thing to understand
 Like what big what does spider-man say with great power comes great responsibility like I feel that and so anyway last
 I was messaging Garrett white because I heard him say quote a bunch of times and I was like
 I want like can you tell me that quote again?
 I'm gonna see if it'll let me switch off my recorder here and read this while still recording
 I'm gonna try it might cut out, but let me see if I can if it'll work because
 It meant the world to me
 All right, let's say still recording cool. So the quote Garrett sent me it says heavy as the head that wears the crown and
 like
 For me just that phrase gave me comfort
 knowing this like am I doing everything wrong?
 It's like no heavy is the head that wears the crown and then and then
 Gary robaki said I hear your brother
 There are few who can truly understand the pressure of being the king who's becoming the emperor you got this
 I have that feeling every day and every day after remind myself of one thing
 I chose this calling somehow inside of what of that reality the crown although heavy becomes doable
 Many are called but few were chosen to be chosen in a call
 Is a calling from God in my world? We're all called that only the brave have the courage to choose the calling you my brother
 One of the few it's an honor to know you. It's an honor to follow you. It's honor to go to war with you from 35,000 people
 I've chosen my calling you have chosen your calling. I see you. Thank you for choosing all in you made it more doable for me to
 Do the same the end clap clap boom
 Those words like I don't know Garrett will ever listen to this but
 Those words meant the world to me last night and it gave me the ability to to pause for a minute and to stand back up
 And to get back to work and so I want to show you guys because I know
 All of us are going through stuff
 If you're not I mean you're not trying you're not pushing you're not trying to grow you're not trying to
 To follow the calling that's that's been given to you
 Like he said everyone's called the very few are chosen very few actually step up to the calling and do it and
 So for those of you who are trying to do it just like Garrett messes me
 I want to message you and say I hear you I understand I understand the pressure understand the fear I understand
 The pain I understand the the worry the judgment that like all the things
 That happened when you decided to answer that calling and to step up to the plate and to pursue it and to do it
 Despite all the odds despite the fact that most of us are probably gonna fail yet
 We stand up anyway and why it's because we've heard the calling we believe in it and we're gonna do it
 And so for all you guys out there who are feeling that pain
 I just want you know that I hear you and I've empathy for you
 With that said it doesn't give you permission to stop
 You got to keep going keep moving forward because there's people out there whose lives you will change if you don't stop
 And that's what makes it all worth it. That's why I'm killing myself
 It's why when my wife asked me like why are you doing this? We have enough money to stop and I say it's not about the money
 Like there are people there's people in that audience who are gonna be able to affect with my messages my words
 And if I can do that how many people can they affect?
 That's why I'm doing fun-locking live. We have 4500 people coming to fun-locking live this year
 It's insane right the effort the energy that goes into producing that like not not a look like let alone the event
 But the selling of the tickets like it's not an easy process. That's 4.5 million dollars in sales and just ticket sales alone
 Right like that's the effort that goes into selling that much tickets. It's not easy like
 So why do we do it like
 Like it's because the impact like I'm looking I'm at the officer now looking through the window and I can see on the screen
 With big TV to place footage from flocking live
 I'm like I'm looking at the people jumping and the things happening and the people on stage and it's like
 That's why we do it. I know that if I can keep going so give someone else the ability to keep going
 I know that if I can
 Get up even though I'm tired
 Someone else is gonna get up even though they're tired if I can deliver and serve at my highest level despite the fact that I'm that
 I'm tired and I'm nervous and I'm scared and I have fear then hopefully somebody else will do that as well and
 If I can do that then I know that you can do that
 I know that if I can change your life because that you can change somebody else's life
 That's that's what makes it all worth it. So with that said, thanks so much for listening you guys
 If you're having tough times, I hear you
 Take a little break and stand back up and let's get back to work. All right. Thanks guys. Appreciate you all and hopefully
 I will see you a funnel hacking live in a couple weeks. Thanks so much guys. I'm plexid
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free behind-the-scenes
 Reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
