 Good morning. Good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson. Welcome to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I want to share it to you something that is insanely cool and hopefully very applicable to you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so I
 As you know talk a lot probably way too much, but I'm always
 talking right there's videos and podcasts and Facebook lives and funnel Fridays and
 Fondelhacker TV and market secrets podcast and all these things right and interesting is like when I'm talking I'm always sharing things
 I'm always like dropping ideas and thoughts and concepts and clues and hints and
 I remember yesterday I shared some stuff that
 I think was really profound, but I didn't share it away with like okay
 Let me teach you a lesson and I was like this is the lesson. I didn't like say I just like shared something really quickly
 It's actually Todd and I were doing our click funnel state the Union address that we do every Friday kind of walking through the ups and
 The downs the pros the cons all the stuff's happening from the development side
 So people are understanding you know, you know, we've got 50 plus developers working around the clock to serve you guys
 It's like most companies don't tell you about that side
 I was like I want to bring Todd my co-founder on to share those things so he's sharing them and
 While we were talking we're talking about different features are coming out and we shared this one really cool thing which was
 Clickphones now tracks the stats for emails so they can look at every single email and be like hey this email made
 You know whatever $14,000 then you can drill dig deeper and be like what fun ones those things come from and what we did
 We started testing this we found that
 Emails we sent out like this email made three grand this one made 15 grand
 This one made 18 grand like so the different price from each each month going going out, right?
 We dug deeper and it's like oh wow this email like 12,000 came from the thing
 We're selling an email, but 3000 came from the links in the footer of my email
 Right I was telling everyone I was like I was so shocked that I was able to see this up
 And saw like oh my gosh, not only did I make money from the email?
 But the links in the footer were also making emails and I went on to the next thing right now
 most people heard that and the only thing they heard was oh
 Cool we can see the staff how much money we made in our emails right but there was this other lesson that was like a second level deeper
 There was so much more powerful that almost everyone who I who listened didn't hear it right
 So it was the second lesson the second lesson as I was speaking was oh my gosh
 I found out that these footer the links in my footer that like hey you like stuff for Russell
 Here's links my other products and services and just putting this block of links to my other products and services in the footer my email
 Each emails make me three to four thousand dollars every time I send email out right it got some multiple millions of dollars a year
 Just from the footer links in my emails now. I didn't break it down and stop and I tell people that was the thing right
 But those who are listening with their ears
 They're catching these things so this morning is I'm getting ready. We're about to head out and have the kids work
 It's a nice Saturday
 The phrase came in my head it said he who has ears let him hear and I start thinking about that as like
 You know that there's everyone's listening to the same thing right?
 But he who has ears let them hear and I was like that's a scriptural phrase like I've ever hearing that so I went to
 I have a this app that like you can search all the scriptures and stuff for things
 So I just typed in he who had ears let him hear and in the New Testament alone the New Testament alone that phrase used 50 times
 50 times and it's usually if you look at a deeper it's usually Christ will tell a parable or tell a story and before he does
 It says he who has ears let him hear and he tells the story and people like oh that story is really good
 And they move on but what's interesting is that in every parable there's different levels of depth right?
 There's like oh here's the story and it's like oh I feel good I heard the story
 But then if you look deeper he who has ears let him hear those who are listening with the right ears
 They're hearing a different message or hearing a more important message or hearing what Christ actually needed people to hear right?
 And so for me, I'm thinking about that in context of this. It's like I'm always sharing things right?
 A lot of you guys maybe saw the fun of hacker TV episode we did a little while ago about my trip to San Francisco
 And you're like oh it was fun. I'll start a good time was fun to see all this stuff and but it's like man
 There were like ten different deep profound lessons that were shared in that thing they weren't like let me stop a quick guys
 Let me tell you explains lesson
 It was like as I'm going through the the video and doing the the vlog
 We were talking and sharing things and there's all these other lessons that most people missed
 Okay, and so I wanted to bring this up for a couple reasons like I want you guys to start listening with different ears start listening with like
 What are all the what are all the hints the secrets to things that Russell's dropping in in just the everyday conversation?
 Like they're in the books. They're in the podcast in the videos. They're like all sort of putting out
 We're not putting on just to put out right sometimes about something
 It's like why would Russell put that out?
 And it's like those who are listening with the right ears are gonna capture different things than those who are just you know
 Scrolling through the news feed and seeing stuff
 And so my moral for you today is he who has ears let him hear
 And so what that means is as you're seeing stuff and you're listening to things
 You guys listen for the secondary story listen for the secondary meaning the thing that I'm not able to share all the time of like
 Here's the cool like ninja thing like I'm just sharing
 I'm just sharing the in the process of me telling stories and doing things
 There's all these things that are happening behind the scenes that most people are actually missing
 Right, and I know the people that hit me up then all the people that are listening because
 Like for example
 Just certain people like Stephen Larson right is one who who listens with different ears and I'll say something and he'll like
 I know that he heard it cuz like three days later
 I'll say in a podcast three days later. I'll get a message like oh my gosh
 You said this you know that little little little I'm like yep
 He's listening to right ears right Brandon Poland is the same way
 I'll say something in a brand-on message like dude boa or cable here
 You know like the people that are having the most success are the ones who are listening with with those ears, right?
 I'm remember another way I could kind of put this first time I noticed it myself was like I
 Was buying everybody's stuff for a long time like I was a buyer
 I was buying thing after thing after thing and I wasn't getting a lot of value out of it until I started listening with different ears
 I remember I started buying but I started buying people's things slower
 I started studying like not just what they were selling but how they were selling it, right?
 No one's telling you this is how I'm selling you I started listening with those ears of like how does perfect
 How did it then how did they give me so excited why was I so?
 You know pump to buy this product. Why was I anticipating it? Why was I?
 Like why was I on the edge of my seat for for days or weeks or months waiting to give this person money
 I'm listening different ears now cuz I'm trying to figure out what were they doing right?
 I got more value out of watching what they're doing a lot of times than the actual buying of the product where they're teaching what they're doing, right?
 That's the that's the seekers listening with different ears paying attention differently
 Don't just listen for the overarching storyline. What are the what are the sub lessons that are happening?
 Okay, and you start looking for those you guys I'm dropping them all the time
 And I wish I could do podcasts up on every single one that you explain make hey guys
 This is what this means exactly, but I can't right I'm just going through and sharing as much as I can those who have ears will hear
 And so for you, that's the lesson that's the moral to start listening with different ears
 Listen for the underlying messages because they're there all the time all around you
 I guess I go clean my room or clean the outside my daughter's the nora's yelling young
 Intercom saying dad, where are you so I got to go appreciate you guys have an amazing day and we'll talk to you soon
 One more marketing secrets
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at expert seekers calm and book number two is called comm seekers
 And you get your free copy at comm seekers calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
