 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to a very late night edition of the marketing stickers podcast today
 We'll talk about the five-day lead challenge the new OFA and a whole bunch of other really really cool things
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so I hope you're watching what I'm doing
 Even if you don't like buy my stuff, that's cool. I get it, but hopefully you'll watch them
 I'm trying to give you guys an education and marketing every single day. I could really really really easily just be done
 Like I don't need more money. I don't need more things. Businesses running sales are happening. You know like I'm good
 But I keep doing this for a couple reasons number one. I love this game. It's so much fun, right?
 I'm addicted to it. I'm not gonna lie. I can't stop. It's it's really fun number two
 I feel like half my role here at ClickFunnels if not all my role is to
 Do things that you guys can model and have success within your business, right?
 And so I want to just talk to you guys about what I'm doing right now
 So you can look at it and hopefully you can model it inside your business, okay?
 Well, you guys know that
 Man two and a half three years ago. We launched our first ever one funnel away challenge
 And hopefully most of you guys have had a chance to go through it. We've had over 70,000 people go through it
 If you haven't gone through yet go to one funnel away calm and join it in fact now's time to join it cuz
 Starting Monday, so you guys are gonna be getting this on a Wednesday. I believe on Monday is
 Is the new OFA?
 It's the first time I've updated in two and a half years and I'm doing it live for 30 days
 So if you haven't done yet now is the time okay, but we did that we've run it and it's been running for a long time
 And it's been amazing. It's helped people build funnels to help people understand ClickFunnels our culture are everything and it's been awesome
 We decided this year to go back into and to redo it and as I was brainstorming at planning
 I'm like the one problem with the one funnel way challenge that somebody has to want to has to know what a funnel is to want
 To do the one little way challenge, right? I went to my my mom and my came on one day one funnel way challenge
 You think what's a funnel? Well my mom would know because you know quick funnels, but most people be like what are you even talking about?
 You sound crazy, right?
 And yeah, the challenge has been very successful. So I started thinking okay, how do we have to take one step back?
 To open up our net even wider right if people in business don't know what a funnel is yet
 What is universal?
 What is the thing that people know and they understand and for me the thing that people know and they understand is the lead in fact
 It's interesting
 I don't know if you guys all remember when we started this game five and a half six years ago seven years ago now whatever it was
 our big competitor was a site it was a company called lead pages and
 And I used to tease them and have fun with them because you know
 They created pages that in fact this funny story the very first marketing that we ever went to the two sponsors were click funnels
 And lead pages and it was this little tiny hallway and they had their booth there and and we had a booth like right across and funny about this is
 Todd's wife Ashley was
 You know, it was just basically me Todd Dylan a handful of people and and Todd's wife was at this event
 And we made these big huge signs that had had like a funnel like landing page order form
 Thank you page upsell down sales membership site, right?
 It's really cool little like banner and then on top it said can your landing page software do this and
 And so we're like literally three feet away from their booth across this little tiny hall and they're like
 landing page software and then ours is can your landing page software do that we had t-shirts ahead and it was just
 It was awesome. Okay, and so and
 It's funny cuz like for me when I first got this game
 I'm like hey people use lead pages to generate leads and then
 And then they come to us because they realize that they need more than just elite then they need more just leads, right?
 They need they need the funnel and it's funny cuz I had somebody one time asked me like why do you hate lead pages so much?
 I'm like I don't hate lead pages like lead pages is literally the best front end out there in the market for us
 Like they're one step ahead like one step earlier in the the conversation to a customer
 I have to explain people what a funnel is and all these sorts of things right and so you'll one step backwards that you'll lead
 It was like every business knows lead is there's no company online in the world
 You know offline online that doesn't know what a lead is and so lead pages did great because it just was so simple
 Like you ain't you need leads? Yeah, get a lead page
 Okay, and people did it right and then we came in saying hey, can you landing?
 You know leads are good, but you want to sell something cake?
 Here's the funnel and out and so they were like our best lead source back when they were growing they haven't grown in years
 But for a long time I loved it and so I was thinking about this
 I'm like one funnel way challenge is awesome
 How do we go broader to cast net that's even bigger?
 And so I started thinking about lead pages. I was like well, we should we should do a lead challenge
 You know and build a very simple lead funnel to page leaf funnel show them how to build a lead magnet a lead funnel an email sequence
 And then drive traffic and so that's when this whole concept of the five-day lead challenge was born
 Okay, and the five-day lead challenge is free in fact a lot of you guys are probably in it right now
 I think by the time this comes out it'll be
 It'll be day three of the the live lead five-day lead challenge and I'm doing this challenge for free and it's live
 Right this first time around and I'm doing it and what's crazy is when we launched this thing
 About 30 seconds before I stepped on stage. We refreshed the stats
 We just passed 35,000 people that had registered for it and so far of all the things that ever done
 That's the most people that have ever registered for anything. I've ever done. Okay, so the numbers are insane, right?
 Now obviously ClickFun says a lot of momentum now as we always do which is exciting, but also it's like it's something that everybody can grasp like leads
 I need leads. I don't care if you're network marketer internet marketer chiropractor, doctor, dentist like you need leads, right?
 And so the lead challenge made sense was broader challenge. Okay, but also notice this is a free challenge
 Okay, one funnel way challenge costs a hundred dollars for somebody to go through where this one's completely free
 So it's cast a bigger net. It's free. They come in they go through this five-day process and in the process
 We help them to figure out to understand here's what a basic funnel looks like. Here's how to build a lead magnet
 Here's how to put these pieces in place, right?
 And then the end of the five-day challenge
 Then we're gonna invite people to take the next challenge, which is the one funnel way challenge and the new version one funnel way challenge
 I'm really excited for it's brand new from the ground up
 If you've done it in the past you should do it again because this is completely different
 It's me teaching it live every day for 30 days
 And we're building a very certain very specific type of sales funnel
 One that I love one that I use a lot
 And that's what we'd be teaching excuse me teaching everybody how to use and so I
 Wanted to show us for the guys for a couple reasons like what's your version of the five-day lead challenge?
 What's you obviously whatever you're selling is probably you know, there's probably some
 Market or say sub something, right? You're targeting certain people, but what's one step back?
 Like how can you cast that a little bit bigger and then can you do a challenge?
 It's free there's five days it gets the castest that you bring somebody in and at the end of it
 Then you introduce them to the core thing you're trying to sell, right?
 As someone goes through the five-day lead challenge by the time they're done
 They know what a funnel is they know to leave magnets. They know what a framework is
 They know what a lot of these core things are now. They're ready for the one fun away challenge
 Where's now people who try to come to one funnel way challenge is confusing like what is a funnel?
 What is this thing and we're kind of starting?
 Before a lot of them are ready and so that's what's happening
 Anyway, and I don't know if you've been watching the five-day lead challenge. We got some really cool things
 One of the original co-founders of click funnels. His name's Dylan Jones
 He's one who built the original click funnels editor
 He came out of his semi retirement and just built a new product called one pager
 And so I've been using one pager in the trainings if you guys notice it every day
 I teach a strategy live and then I give them a one pager and on one pager as a video it shows the tactics
 Okay, because the tactics are hard to teach live in front everyone like here
 Let me show you how to actually do the steps. It's really hard. So I teach the strategy live
 I doodle on whiteboard they're like oh, that's cool. I see the strategy understand what I'm doing and I send them one pager
 One pager has a video. It's the tactical. Let me show you me like me doing the thing
 Right and then the one page will let you them have forms and checklists. They can actually make sure they do
 Everything you're saying it's really really cool. And so it's awesome, too
 I'm launching that new company one pager.io with
 with Dylan and
 Day number two in the the challenge we teach people how to build a magnet with one pager like I'm using now
 Like I'm trying to get them using it and so in the process of us creating this challenge. It's really cool because this
 We're able to to make money on a lot of different things
 We make money when somebody buys one pager in the future
 Make money if somebody buys click funds make money if they sign up for the one fun away challenge
 Right and so by doing these challenges you can introduce people different products or services or things you sell right?
 If you're a health person do a weight loss challenge and introduce them to your your weight loss shake and then your workout plans
 They might you can introduce people to different things right?
 Jim Edwards built a whole bunch of really cool scripts for people in the five-day lead challenge that we're giving them for free
 To help them with every single step the copy needed in every single page
 What's going to happen is people use it get excited by it
 Like this is awesome and then they're probably gonna upgrade to funnel strips
 Okay
 So it's free challenge is really cool because it teaches people gives them a result by the end of five days
 Everybody will have a lead magnet
 They'll have a funnel and love traffic and have an email sequence and traffic coming to that funnel
 Okay, but in the interim they've had a chance to test all of our products and our services and try them out
 See how they work. So what's your equivalent of the five-day lead challenge?
 What could you do? What's something cast a big net with something that introduces people to your core products and your services?
 What's something that when someone completes the challenge they leave with a tangible result?
 Not just like you're gonna learn how to bubble blots like no when you leave this will be done. This will be finished
 Okay, I want to give some a tangible so when they're done like oh my gosh
 I did this five-day thing with Russell and I have a funnel
 I have a link matter
 I have an email sequence like I need to do the one funnel a challenge because I want to build a sales funnel
 Like let's go let's go the next step right if I can give them that result
 They're more likely to come and do the next thing. So anyway, I just want to share with you because I'm the middle of it
 I literally just finished recording all the tactic videos a few seconds ago
 for the one page is the rest of the funnel and
 It's like had some energy. I was excited. I thought I'm gonna just kind of show this with you guys
 But if you're not like if you haven't seen it yet like go experience it funnel hack me even if you're like
 I know how to generate lead drills like cool. I don't care come follow the process
 Half what I'm doing is for you to model the process go to five day lead challenge calm
 The number five day lead challenge calm and go join it
 Okay by Friday of this week when we finish the the live live version
 It'll be an evergreen version and we will be driving leads there for forever
 My goal is the next year to have over a million people go through the five-day lead challenge, right?
 If I do that if I get 10% go to OFA that's an extra hundred thousand people through OFA
 How many people does that bring into click phones? How many people is it bringing to one page?
 How many people is it bringing to funnel scripts? How many people is it bringing to my world?
 How many books do I sell right all by doing this challenge on the front end?
 So anyway, look at it model it for your business to figure out how to
 Replicate that concept and see what happens and let me know how it goes. Thanks. You guys so much for hanging out
 I appreciate you all hopefully you got some guy this one if you did please go to Instagram Facebook
 Wherever you post it take a screenshot of the this episode tag me in it
 I do see those I do read the comments and it's so much fun to kind of see the takeaways you guys are getting from them with that
 Said thanks for listening. I appreciate you all and I'll talk to you all soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message okay, and the phone over you text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that
 Through this texting communities are gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
