 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast and I'm not gonna lie
 I'm pinching myself right now. I cannot believe that this is my life
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Okay, so I
 Want to talk about
 Like why you guys have to master these skill sets and I know you guys I'm preaching the choir
 You're the ones listening to podcast reading the books and in the challenges you're going to the venture like you're in it
 Right, which is awesome
 But I want to just restate why this is so important after you have the skill set
 You can do so many cool things with it and it is most exciting thing in the world
 So it's 8/29 I just got done at the office doing a webinar for operation on the gun railroad where we raise a bunch of money for
 Human trafficking and like, you know helped promote my favorite charity, right? Which is like a cool thing like flat
 You know philanthropy I can't say that word philanthropic work philanthropy flat
 You guys are talking about helping charities, which doesn't like so cool, but then also the same time
 Right now. I was just boxing Steven Larson and I was like it's crazy what we're gonna do like right now
 And I yes, I have ADD like don't do it. I'm doing like folks on one project
 But I've got a big team of people now like right now
 I'm currently actively working on a whole bunch of books like for example Dan Kennedy. I are co-writing a book right now
 So I'm working on that. I'm also still in the process writing my big next book, which is secret to success
 I'm so excited for but on top of that. I'm also republishing a whole bunch of old Napoleon Hilton new books
 I've got five or six other high ticket books in production
 We're launching a huge supplement company actually three supplement companies
 Actually, we tell you this we got our we got our coaching programs in her circle my category Kings
 Click from super knows coming out like
 Un certification program like all these things like it's just crazy and it's just the same skill set done over and over and over and over again
 Which is all these things you've been talking about right like learning how to get presentations building a following like and when you have these skill sets
 Like you can apply towards anything you want right like apply it towards your mission apply it for somebody else's mission apply it towards a
 Book you unwrite or try apply it towards the book you unwrite with somebody else apply it towards somebody else's book
 That you happen to like you know like just it's so
 So cool and so exciting and it's crazy that this is like
 what we can do with like
 Like with our lives so I wanted to box that in the moment as I'm like feeling this excitement
 I literally was just boxing this to Stephen Larson and then now I'm like go this is so cool. I want to share with everybody
 And so like it's worth mastering these skill sets at first
 It's frustrating it can painful and you got to learn a lot you got to grow a lot
 You got to do all these things
 But like then you can like use it for so much good and so much fun like you want to publish a new book like go and do it
 like I'm trying to like bring back from the dead all these Napoleon Hill works and Charles Hennell and
 Orson sweet Martin and Samuel smiles all these people that I love and I respect with the most amazing
 You know work in the world that it's like forgotten off this planet and because I have the skill set and I love it
 I'm able to now go and and bring it back from the dead and because I understand all this if you guys are learning right now
 So I don't know I'm just excited. This is gonna be a short podcast because there's nothing more than I'm just excited
 But I'm hopefully like casting a vision for you guys in the future
 Like okay, I need to learn these things because I got all sorts of stuff
 I want to do with my life. I want I have charities I care about I have missions. I want to do I have you know
 Whatever like all that like there's so many cool things
 I'm really it's funny my very first home study course I ever created was on public domain
 very first one and
 Now almost 20 years later. I'm obsessed with public domain and buying all these books
 I want to show it to you guys
 I think there's such a valuable thing so many guys to be finding these works in your markets of people who have passed on like bringing their
 Messages and their stories back from the dead and like helping extend their legacy
 Which is such a cool thing too. So I don't know
 You guys want me to do a training on that specifically on public domain and how to profit from it and and have fun with it and use it
 from for all sorts of things from lead magnets to back into like front ends to
 Anyway, sorry, I digress. I'm excited and now I just got to the high school
 I'm running in to go grab my kids who are wrestling pack well born my kids at wrestling practice and tomorrow morning
 I have my wrestling practice and preparing for my tournament
 Anyway, I'm excited. I'm happy. Hopefully you guys are as well. I know there's ups and downs everyone goes through different parts of it
 I think sometimes hearing the excitement can be good
 There's other times my life when I'm stressed out and overwhelmed, which is you know even yesterday
 I felt that way like you asked my team. I was like super overwhelmed
 But we got things in place. I got structure around and I got people helping with a lot of the pieces that I'm struggling with and now
 I'm back to the spot where I'm like in this creation fun
 So exciting so anyway, thanks guys for listening. I'm your biggest fan cheering for you
 I'm praying for you more come up, but often make things more make it easier and more
 To give you the ability to have more success
 So hopefully I'm able to do that and hopefully you guys are listening paying attention
 You're doing the things you're learning. So grateful for you all. Thanks for listening and now it's time to get back to work
 Let's go change the world. All right talk to you soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the
 Future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost twenty thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free
 Just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter calm
 Not only you can get the twenty thousand dollar gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
