 Good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today I am streaming from a little cabin in the middle of nowhere.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everyone. I hope you guys are doing amazing.
 If you listen to our last episode, you know that this last few days I've been on a top secret retreat with a whole bunch of amazing business owners.
 It has been cool. It has been interesting.
 Some things that were amazing and things that were weird that I learned about myself.
 Other things that I was working on share with you some of this stuff.
 Hopefully it will get some benefit from it.
 I'm actually sitting in the cabin.
 Everyone is leaving and packing up.
 I've probably got 30 minutes or so before I've got to get out of here.
 But just what's in here just contemplating on some of the stuff that I've learned and figured out over the last couple of days.
 To begin with, I want to step back.
 For those who don't know me very well.
 I'm the least manly man ever.
 I don't go hunting or hiking or fishing or any man things.
 If my house breaks, I don't know how to fix things.
 I don't know.
 I'm good at selling stuff and the markings selling it which I love.
 Especially things that are typical of man stuff.
 I want to figure out this trip.
 It's a man trip.
 It's all these dudes.
 We're doing manly things.
 We went fly fishing and hiking and we went in shotguns.
 It's interesting.
 It's interesting we learn about ourselves.
 I know I'm introverted by nature and I just assume that at this point in my life that I'm not.
 Especially that I'm a group of people in my same world.
 It's so much fun.
 It's funny how it was tough for me a lot of times.
 Introverted rust kept popping out and it was frustrating knowing that about myself.
 Why am I so awkward in some of these situations that don't make sense?
 For any of you guys who feel that sometimes, you understand why I feel awkward or not feel
 comfortable.
 It still happens to me.
 Even among my peer group where it's just tough sometimes.
 But we probably got through it and it makes some really good some great relationships which
 is cool.
 But in the second part, we're going to go to these man things.
 The first thing was like yesterday we went to go fly fishing.
 I'm going to be using a T-z for ever.
 I'm sure I'll hear about this when you meet me in the airport.
 Another weird place is that you guys bump into me at.
 I went fishing once as a kid.
 I got my own pole.
 My dad gave me my own pole for my birthday or something.
 I had all this stuff and I was out there so excited and I caught a fish.
 I still remember it was a bluegill fish.
 I caught it so excited.
 I did the whole like thrill of the catch and he put it in.
 Then I remember after we got in the boat, it died.
 It fished you when you catch him and then I was taking it home and I felt so bad.
 I felt horrible.
 I can't believe we killed this animal.
 We actually had a funeral for it.
 I legitimately had a huge funeral in our backyard.
 I made a little headstone for my bluegill fish.
 We called it I think called Bluegill or Bluey or something like that.
 We had a huge funeral for him because it felt so bad.
 That was the last time I killed an animal.
 I had these weird little kid trauma stuffs.
 I'm here like, "Okay, we're teaching fly fishing here and do this whole thing.
 You're going to rip the hook out of their mouth and all sorts of stuff."
 Anyway, it's funny we go down there and they get me all set up and teach them how to do the casting.
 That part is kind of cool, you know, and trying to figure it out.
 I'm completely horrible at it by far.
 It's the worst of everybody here.
 I'm trying to do the thing out there and get the hook out and throw out the hooks out there.
 What's interesting is I'm sitting there in the middle of nowhere, next to this little pond.
 I'm like the only person there and there's casting and trying to hopefully catch a fish.
 It was interesting because I'm noticing that there's this hook on the end of my pole and throw it in.
 Then pull it out, throw it in, pull it out, throw it out, pull it out.
 I'm going over and over and over.
 There's a lot of times casting in these hooks, trying to catch a fish.
 Here comes the moral of the lesson first for today.
 I was looking at it as like, "This is so much business."
 I gave it for me to talk about the whole Hook Story Offer framework, which is like the foundation of everything we're teaching nowadays.
 It's like, "You have to create an irresistible offer.
 Then you've got to have a story that amplifies the value of that offer.
 Then you have to have a hook that stops me and grabs him.
 In our world, everyone's so busy through social media.
 There's many things happening every second.
 It's just like, "How do you grab someone, pull them with them or they're out and get them to focus for five seconds?"
 That's the hook.
 From me fishing, I'm throwing a hook in and another hook.
 Another hook, I'm trying to get these fish to notice my hook and come in either.
 I'm going to be over and over and over again.
 Finally, I remember the very first hole all of a sudden, the little bobby thing I can't remember.
 It was in the water and I was like, "Oh my gosh, a fish took my hook, like it bit my hook."
 I remember the first thought that went through my mind.
 There's a moral to this too, but somebody grabbed on the line and the fish went under it.
 I was like, "Oh, no, I have a fish."
 The first thing I had is I freaked out and I was like, "I hope that he gets away.
 I don't want to catch this thing. I don't want to hurt this thing.
 I don't want it to like, I just got so scared and I was praying, like the fish get away.
 I don't want to pull you in. I don't want to hurt you.
 I don't want to like hook your face with the hook.
 What kind of person does that?
 You know, I'm freaking out all these things.
 All the motions go into my head.
 I start pulling it in and this fish is huge.
 I think it says a 26-inch something.
 It's a big fish.
 I'm just pulling this thing in and rolling it in.
 The old man comes down and he's trying to hook a scoop of the basket and the fish is flipping around.
 It flipped out and it fell out of the basket.
 We didn't get it.
 I was like, "Oh, dang."
 But then partially kind of grateful, like, "Oh, good.
 I didn't catch it."
 I didn't have to do it.
 It's like the aftermath of catching a fish.
 Then it was funny because I was like, "Hey, we'll start fishing again."
 I was like, "Do I really want to throw the hook back in?
 I don't know."
 I was like, "Everyone else is doing it.
 I don't want to look like that guy."
 I'm kind of halfway through I'm going to hook in and then move from like pond to pond to pond.
 I'm doing this thing.
 I think I caught two or three other little fish.
 Luckily we let him go, which I was like, "God, Kevin's caught him.
 Let him go."
 But I definitely was like the worst.
 Everyone, like Dean Grazios is here.
 He got like 30 fish or something.
 I think I got like one and a half.
 It's like way different.
 I was looking at Dean and he's out there.
 He's thrown in and out and out.
 He's like, "Send the hook."
 He's getting better.
 He's watching.
 He's like, first thing he knows, he's like, he's like, "If I walk towards the water, the fish can see me."
 He freaked out.
 He'd like get low.
 He'd like on his knees.
 He'd like sneak over to the water and then he'd throw this thing in.
 He'd see as the fish get closer soon.
 He'd open the mouth.
 He'd wrinkle it out.
 He was just like pulling fish after fish after fish.
 It was crazy to watch.
 I'm looking at something.
 We all have the same tools.
 We both have fishing poles.
 We have things, but what are the things we're doing different?
 Some of the lessons I was thinking through on this for us as business owners is like all of a sudden we're throwing out hooks.
 If our hook doesn't convince the fish that it's a worm or a bug or whatever, they're not going to come and bite your line.
 A lot of times some of us are trying this business and you're putting out your first thing and nobody bites.
 You're like, "You know, I'm working.
 It doesn't work."
 You're like, "No, your hook didn't work."
 You keep throwing hook in and after hook, after hook, after hook.
 Half of what I do in this business is figuring out hooks to grab people.
 Every email I send to hook, every Facebook live, it's like trying all these different hooks to see which things people respond to.
 It's interesting because even me, tons of my hooks fail.
 I tons of the different messages I put out there do not resonate with people.
 They don't do anything with them.
 It's really fascinating.
 The good news is nobody knows when they fail because nobody sees them because nobody, we don't put much advertising dollars behind it because the first hook didn't catch any fish.
 That's kind of the first lesson.
 It's just like catching fish.
 You're standing on the bank and it's like, "I'm going to cast this thing 30, 40, 50 times before I'm able to get a fish to believe that it's a bug."
 It's like you've got to cast out all these different messages and headlines and hooks and things until you find something that somebody grabs onto.
 I remember Anthony D. Clementine when we launched Bioacking Secrets book.
 I had these ideas for the hooks.
 I thought we were going to be the best thing.
 We had him starting in a Facebook live every single day.
 He did the first Facebook live and he was like, "Don't hook out and make crickets, right?"
 Next Facebook live, crickets, third one, fourth one, fifth one, sixth one, seventh.
 Tweaking and changing and messaging and trying different stories and different hooks and different things.
 I think it was like the 11th or the 17th.
 I can't remember.
 I remember like that.
 Like the hook was the right hook.
 I think it was like how to biohack your vegetables and that one went out there and it hit.
 It was like boom.
 All these people started coming towards him.
 I think the video made like a million views.
 It was just crazy.
 I think the hook, it was like that was the hook that caught the fish, right?
 I think all the guys need to start freaking out about making the perfect headline and crafting the message perfectly and putting out there.
 I'm on to the webinar in a month from now.
 I've got 30 different hooks spent at which one is going to be the one that actually grabs people.
 That can be a Facebook live every single day.
 It could be used to have an ad with 20 different headlines and rotate it through to see which one gets the highest click through rate.
 There's a lot of really basic things you can do but it's just testing things and seeing what actually gets the fish to...
 to grab, right?
 Number two is now that everyone is going to be...
 We're all fishing from the same pond.
 If you look at it, it's like how come Russell pulled out one fish and Dean pulled out like 30?
 Like what was the difference?
 The difference is like Dean was paying attention to the market really close.
 He noticed every time he walked towards the pond the fish would scatter.
 I think the lot of you guys try something and you're not noticing what's happening.
 Like when I do a Facebook live I'm watching.
 What are people's reactions and comments and did anybody share this one?
 What are they saying?
 What was happening?
 I'm looking to see what the market's responding to.
 If I get a good response or if I'm doing a Facebook live and I say something else and I keep circling crazy,
 I'm like, "Oh, interesting."
 I'm paying attention to what's happening and I'm taking mental note of that.
 So as I'm doing the next thing, I do it better.
 One of the really cool stories that was told to another campfire.
 One of the guys here told to another campfire but they're talking about how if you look at the standup comedy,
 a standup comedian doesn't just one day show up on whatever tonight show and do who's pitching.
 They just crush you.
 They say what happens is that they go and they play the small shows for like a year or two years.
 They do go the first place and they test all these jokes and they say, "Okay, I do all these jokes."
 I do all these jokes and 20% of them landed that people were going crazy.
 They're 80% like, "Yeah, okay."
 So then they take that and then delete the 80% of the jokes that didn't land.
 Then they go to write some new jokes and they go to the next show.
 They do the same 20% that people died for last time.
 They perfect that, deliver that message and they try out 80% new jokes.
 And from the 80% new jokes, they do a three land really good this time.
 So they take now the 20% before, the two or three new jokes.
 Now the next show, they use those 40% and they know we're good and they test out new material and they do it over and over
 and over and over again until eventually they've got all their jokes that just land perfectly hit.
 And then they come and when they go to, you know, when they go on the Today Show or Tonight Show or whatever,
 whatever the big comedy show is, they're up there and they tell it and like they just slay it because every single joke they know lands
 because they've tested it over and over again.
 But it's not just like they show up and they just write this pitch and hope it's good.
 And the same thing should be true for you guys, right?
 Like when you're doing your webinars, like I look at now like people are like,
 people across the house, your webinar, crush it so well.
 And the reality is, you know, I spent 10 years prior to me writing the ClickFunnels webinar already through these webinars.
 And I've been, you know, speaking on the road, doing podcast interviews, doing telecentred, doing my own podcast, doing all sorts of stuff.
 And all I'm doing is I'm testing my material, right?
 Just like a comedian would.
 I'm testing thing after thing after thing after thing.
 I'm seeing what lands, I'm seeing what doesn't land.
 Right? Like at Funnalaki Live's last year, I did six presentations.
 My first presentation did not land, like as a whole.
 There are a couple pieces that okay, but I do know that that presentation didn't land.
 The second presentation I did, it crushed that my Funnalautos presentation for those who were there.
 That one, like that was the one of my presentations that people just like that one nailed it.
 Like so I know that message is like boom, so I'm like a Funnalautos.
 That's an important message.
 That's something I go deeper with.
 I got to create a bunch of really cool things around that because that one crushed it, right?
 That even within the framework of a presentation, like I'm telling stories like which ones
 nailed it, which ones crushed it, which ones didn't and I'm tweaking it, right?
 So for any of you guys who are like, I'm going to go make a webinar today.
 And you go and start creating it.
 If you haven't been doing this thing, we're standing inside the bank, throwing our hook in over and over and over
 and over again to see what jokes hit, which ones don't, you're going to struggle.
 Because you have no idea and they're going to do your best webinar.
 You're going to hope it's good and you're going to spend all this Facebook ad money and do it.
 And then you go and you do it and what happens?
 It bombs.
 It's like, well, 20% of the jokes, 20% of the stories, the things you do were right.
 They're absent failed because you put all your eggs on the basket.
 You have no idea.
 And that's why sometimes these things don't hit, right?
 So for you, it's starting to dance.
 So I tell you all the time that I did a three-day Facebook live after the extra secrets of book launch.
 And the whole thing was about finding your voice and it was like, okay, do a Facebook ad every single day.
 And then you're watching your same people reacting fake.
 Okay, these stories resonated.
 These ones didn't resonate.
 This one did.
 This story, this joke.
 This idea, this concept, this false belief, this epiphany bridge story, this kind of like bridge.
 Like you're just testing it over and over and over again.
 In fact, the day before I left on this trip, the night before I went to my buddy, Chad Walner.
 He's a chiropractor.
 He was having a big chiropractor event in his office in Boise.
 And he asked for like, come speak.
 And you know, as a group of like 20 people and you know, I normally charge a lot of money to speak.
 And it was funny.
 I love Chad.
 He was like, he was like, how much would it cost to have you come speak at my thing?
 And I kind of smiled.
 I was like, do you also speak?
 He was like, no, I want to pay you.
 I'm like, you don't want to pay me about what it would cost.
 But it's worth it to me because number one, you're friend and be fun to do that.
 But number two, like I have some new material I want to test.
 Like literally that was it.
 So I did this presentation with him because I was trying to fill out this new material.
 Now today I'm flying to Minneapolis to go speak at Dana Derek's event.
 There's going to be 100 people there.
 And I'm giving a new presentation.
 I've never done before.
 It's actually the framework for the new traffic secrets book.
 And so I'm in the process of writing the book right now.
 In fact, someone asked me like, how long does it take you to write a book?
 And I said, you know, about a year.
 And he said, it takes you a year to write a book.
 I'm like, well, yes, but it's not like I'm writing for a year.
 So for example, what's happening is like I'm speaking at Dana's and I have the outline for my book.
 And I'm teaching, I have a two hours time.
 So lots of two hours.
 I'm going to be teaching the framework for this for my book.
 And I'm going to see what hits and what doesn't.
 That's literally why I'm speaking at Dana's event.
 Because it's his topic.
 Well, number one, I love Dana.
 He's the man.
 But number two is it's like his event.
 His event is called Dream 100 Con.
 So it's about Dream 100, which is like the foundation of traffic secrets.
 And so it's like this is a perfect audience and opportunity for me.
 It's a small scale to test out my material.
 So I'm testing out the material here at Dream 100 Con.
 And I'm going to use it.
 And again, teaching my entire book, like the whole framework, so I get a higher level of like,
 here's all the pieces and like, I'm going to feel how that felt.
 And then in two months now, from two comic club X members, I have a two day event where I'm teaching the framework for the traffic secrets book again.
 So this time, first one was two hours.
 I'm going to test the higher level of material.
 And this time I'm going to do the second one, which I'm going to have a chance to test all the material,
 every single section in depth in detail, every story, every, like all the different pieces.
 And I'm going to feel like what works, what doesn't work.
 I'm going to cut things out, move things around.
 And then I'm going to start writing the book.
 Okay.
 The first two books, if you remember, if you've been following me for a while, when I wrote the .com Secrets book,
 we wrote the very first version of it and I hated it.
 Like I was just like, huh?
 And so I was like, I got to do something.
 So I literally threw an event.
 I was like, I was like, hey, in a month, I'm going to do an event.
 I'm going to teach this whole framework because it's not working.
 So we flew all these people in.
 I don't know how to people show up to this event in Boise.
 And I taught the .com Secrets principles in a three day event.
 And what's cool is like teaching and I saw what material worked, what didn't work.
 And I was able to kind of from that make some tweaks and some changes.
 In fact, the day after the event, I sat down with Julie Easton, who was the main writer helping me
 with the .com Secrets book.
 And we spent like four hours after the event and I was like, okay, this story sucked.
 Like nobody got it.
 It didn't make sense.
 Like this concept I taught, I had to teach this one.
 First thing to make sense, we moved the outlander out of me.
 We moved the, and we spent like four or five hours like just rebuilding the outland framework
 and doing stuff that didn't hit, keeping stuff in the dead.
 And then that's when we wrote the second version, which then became the .com Secrets book.
 Same thing happened with the X-ray Secrets.
 I went initially and wrote this book that I, you know, based off my head.
 And then I got it back and I'm reading it.
 I'm like, none of these jokes are landing, right?
 And so then what I do, I threw a two day event, threw it in.
 And for two days, I taught the X-ray Secrets process.
 And same thing happened.
 I saw what landed, what didn't land.
 And then after that, the next day, we went through, rebuilt the framework and it started
 the book around two and then boom, we got X-ray Secrets.
 So for the third book, traffic Secrets side to side, I'm just going to start with the,
 I'm just going to start with the event.
 So, but notice what I'm doing, right?
 I'm throwing hooks out on the side of the thing, just throwing hook, hook, hook, trying to
 see what things people resonate with, what things people are gravitating towards.
 So for you, I want you just thinking about that.
 Like if you're writing your webinar pitch, you're doing your thing and you haven't been throwing
 hooks, like you're just guessing, you're writing your first version of your book and you're
 going to get back and it may suck.
 It may be awesome, it may land to the first time, but you got to go out on the road and
 test your material.
 And you should get through all these different means, doing through podcast interviews, like
 literally if you, like podcast are originally easiest things, right?
 Like if you're an expert matter in any topic, go pull a Dream 100, go log in to your,
 you know, log into iTunes, find every podcast on your topic and then build out like a topic
 that you're going to be interviewed on and message every single one, be like, "Hey, I
 love your podcast.
 You know, I talk about this.
 Can you come on interviewing me for your, interview me for your podcast and go get 10 different
 podcasts interviews.
 You can like try your test out your, your jokes, test out your framework, right?
 Test out your, your concepts and see what lands, see what doesn't.
 And then you can do the same thing on, on Facebook Live, do it on your own page, you
 want to let people's page like you're just testing out material the whole time so you
 can find out what lands or what doesn't land.
 Yeah, that's it you guys.
 So that was a big lesson I had just sitting here and I hope that, hope that helps me.
 You guys are going to allow you guys to have been scared and nervous or frustrated or whatever.
 But as soon as you know like what, what hits, right?
 You know like these are the jokes that hit.
 It's just like Dean on the side of the thing like, as soon as you figured out like, okay,
 this is the hook, this is the process that works.
 He sat, I could literally sat and wait, there's like five different fishing holes we went
 to.
 We had like 20 minutes each one.
 So the last fishing hole he sat down and at that point he'd figured out the hook.
 He had figured out his approach, he had figured out all his material, nailed it, right?
 And he walked over, he snuck up to the side, tried throwing it in, he pulled out 12 fish.
 Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
 12 fish in the same pond that I wasn't able to catch one, right?
 Because I'm just throwing my thing in and praying for the best.
 And part of me was so scared, I'm hoping that people aren't going to bite.
 And I think some of you guys had that same fear.
 Like, I was scared, I can't even tell you, it was weird.
 As soon as that first fish bit that hook, I just wanted it to run away.
 And I'm sure the first time you guys do something and it hits, you're going to be like, oh,
 I'm like, some of you guys are going to get freaked out by it.
 It's like, oh my gosh, people responded, they ask me questions.
 And maybe it's something you did that made you vulnerable.
 And also like you're vulnerable and someone comes and says something.
 And like, anyway, there's a lot of magic to that.
 So, all right.
 And just by the way, BTW, I'm 20 minutes in this podcast episode, right?
 And what was I doing today?
 I was testing material.
 I told you guys a story about fishing and the hook and how it worked and the comedian.
 And I was just testing some material.
 First time I ever vocally shared it was right now.
 Okay?
 And some of the pieces felt really good to me.
 And I'm going to watch over the next little bit after the podcast episode goes live.
 I always know there's like people responded for ways.
 And some podcast episodes, nobody responds.
 Other ones I see things people talking about, people messaging, things like that.
 And I'm just feeling it and I'm feeling like what one's nailed, which one's hit, which one's didn't hit.
 And so this, literally, the marketing secrets podcast, you know, if I'm completely honest,
 90% of the reason why I do it is because I'm testing material.
 Every single day, I have a chance to test some new material.
 And yeah, I think there were some cool things that came from it, right?
 The podcast I did a year and a half ago, the one I did for Nick Fitzgerald where I talked about
 the entrepreneur, the technician, and the rain maker.
 Like, that was a, I never talked about it before.
 I never shared that.
 But I pulled a podcast to the narrow only episode on it.
 And that's going to be probably one of the chapters in the traffic secrets books.
 That's like, man, that nailed it.
 Like that resonated with so many people back then.
 Like that's going to become now some material I'm going to use in the future.
 So make sure you're using these publishing platforms.
 Even though I was listening to you, like just do it because it's a place to test your material.
 And it's not always external feedback.
 It's not like you guys responding to me.
 Like that was a good story of Russell and I cool them and remember that.
 Like, like you can feel it when you tell, when you explain something.
 The first time you explain, it's always going to be the worst too.
 So like I told this story, it may come up in my presentation tomorrow at Dana's event.
 Like it totally could, you know, it might tell a little bit differently.
 And I'm going to just tweak some things.
 Like I know at Chad Wounder's event, I talked about Hook Story Off and I talked about the framework.
 And I know that the way I did, and the offer, the way I explained that, I did not nail it.
 Like it was confusing and kind of clunky.
 The way I did Story, I felt good.
 And the way I did Hook, I felt really good.
 And so like I was like, okay, cool.
 I learned some things.
 Like I'm going to teach offer, I'm definitely going to make some changes based on how I felt,
 giving that presentation.
 So anyway, Hope helps guys.
 Time to start throwing some hooks.
 Just time to start testing your material.
 And I think if you do that, you're going to have a lot of fun.
 So, alright, I got a balance line.
 I got everything packed up and get out of here so they don't leave me.
 So if I miss the helicopter, fly me back to the airport.
 And I'm screwed.
 So, alright.
 Thanks everybody.
 Appreciate you all.
 Thanks for listening and we'll talk to you soon.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free Behind the Scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 (static)
