 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell.
 Welcome back to Wherever You're Hanging Out Me At.
 We've got Instagram and Facebook going right now and I am home during week number two
 of our quarantine and I'm guessing a lot of you guys are as well.
 So while we're sitting here, I'm trying to figure out what to do.
 I figure this is a good time to start talking more about traffic.
 So hopefully you guys are all excited and pumped for that.
 Anyway, excited to be here with you guys today and it's interesting as we were talking
 this morning as a team and we started talking about the fears.
 Obviously, all our fears are happening in society and the economy and things like that.
 It's like, well, how do we protect ourselves?
 How do we create a life preserver around our company?
 What does it look like?
 What does that need to be?
 And honestly, the biggest, most important life preserver you can create for your company
 is getting customers.
 That is your life preserver.
 Especially in time for now where so many companies aren't able to get customers.
 That's why the economy is failing, my businesses are failing because they can't get customers.
 And so I figure from now till the next two or three weeks, two or three months, I'm going
 to be talking about this crazy with you guys.
 How do we get customers?
 How do we get customers?
 Because it's the thing that we all need right now.
 It's the safety net we need to protect ourselves, to protect our businesses.
 And so that's kind of the game plan.
 So with that said, just excited to go and jump back into traffic, see if there's books
 and more.
 First off, thank you so much for all you guys.
 Obviously, we launched this traffic seekers book in the middle of chaos and the books
 are selling like crazy.
 And so I want to thank you guys so much for doing that.
 That's exciting.
 Tom Greece has said we are pregnant and next generation of funnel hackers on the way.
 Congratulations, Tom.
 We got funnel hacking babies coming.
 I love it.
 I heard that the prediction is that after this whole everyone's quarantine come down,
 there's going to be a whole bunch of babies popping out nine months later and the hospitals
 are going to be overwhelmed with that.
 So good thing they're preparing now, I guess.
 Anyway, so I want to jump into this next section here of traffic secrets with you guys.
 So if you've been, obviously the book shows hit till May 5th, but tons of you guys have
 been told me you got the audio book, which is awesome.
 So you can listen to all of the things.
 Today, we're going to be jumping into secret number three, which is by far the most, one
 of the most important secrets in the entire book, which I'm excited for you guys to get
 into.
 So things we've covered so far, secret number one, we talked about who is your dream customer
 and really getting a deep understanding of them and they're moving towards pleasure away
 from pain or they a searcher or they a scroller, getting deep into their minds as we understand
 that because of the other said who they are, then we can understand secret number two,
 which is where they actually hiding, where they congregating online, where is the existing
 streams of traffic happening so we can go, we can find those people and we can tap into
 them.
 So that's number two.
 Number three is when we call, you guys ready for this, Hook Story Offer and the attractive
 character.
 Now, man, if you guys have been following me at all for the last two years, not quite
 a year and a half or so, a year and a half ago, ish is when I first came up with a new
 framework Hook Story Offer and I started freaking out.
 I was like, "Ahh!"
 And I remember it was, it was one of the things like, like I was doing the training for my
 two common club ex members and it just kind of came out, I was teaching something and
 I was like, and I was like, "If you notice, like every single page in the funnel has Hook
 Story Offer.
 The ad does, the emails do, the landing page, the sales page, upsells, like every single
 page has Hook Story Offer and as we had deeper and deeper into it, I realized like, if anything
 in the funnel isn't working, it's always because of either the Hook, the story or the
 offer.
 And I started freaking out, I remember the next morning I came in, it was like six in
 the morning, I was looking at ways with James P. Frill and Dave Woodward and I was like,
 "You guys, guess why?"
 I just figured out this thing and I was like, "What is it?"
 "It's called Hook Story Offer."
 That sounds weird, we spent the entire hour, we didn't live to single wait that day, we
 just talked about Hook Story Offer and they were freaking out, I was freaking out and
 looking at every funnel we've ever done.
 Like, what was the thing that made them work and not work and it was crazy that every single
 time it always had to come down and it's always even the Hook, the story and the offer.
 And so, as you guys know, when I wrote the new Traffic Seekers book, at the same time
 I went and I rewrote the Dockcom Seekers book, I rewrote the Experts Seekers book and I wrote
 this book as well, I wrote this book first and then rewrote this other two.
 And because Hook Story Offer is crazy because it's such a fundamental important concept,
 but because I didn't come up with that framework until after these first few books were published,
 these two books were missing it.
 And so, part of the big rewrites in these include Hook Story Offer.
 So, in the Dockcom Seekers book, I go deep in Hook Story Offer, expert secrets I go back
 into it a well.
 And Dockcom Seekers talk a lot about funnel audibles and testing a funnel and the phone
 will start working and there's a whole new section in the back here about that.
 And what's cool about it is it's all based back on Hook Story Offer.
 Anyway, and so, in the new book Traffic Seekers, I talk a lot about this as well because it's
 such a big part.
 In fact, traffic, one of the most important things about traffic has been good at throwing
 out hooks, right?
 A hook is like, how do you grab someone's attention, right?
 Most of our customers all day are on their phone scrolling and they're scrolling and they're
 scrolling, right?
 A hook is the thing to get them to stop scrolling, right?
 So the hook could be the picture view, right?
 I noticed I didn't just do this on a white wall.
 I'm like, hey, I need a picture back here and I totally forgot.
 I usually have something different back here.
 But there's the default Apple TV backdrop, right?
 I got my books here and I noticed I'm doing things like this.
 I'm trying to hook your attention.
 So if you're scrolling through Facebook or Instagram, also you see this like, why is
 Russell so excited?
 And that hooks you, right?
 So Hook could be the headline, it could be the image, it could be the picture, it could
 be the background, it could be something.
 It's everything you have in your tool chest to grab someone's attention, right?
 There's Hook.
 Okay, the second part of Hook story offer is story, which then the expert secrets book
 is the deep dive on story, storytelling, selling story process, how it works, how it
 doesn't work.
 And so I talk about story lot here, but Travis is primarily like finding the people and
 getting hooks to grab their attention.
 Expert secrets is like, how do you tell them the story to build up and perceive value against
 sell?
 And then actually in Doccom, secrets we go deeper into offer.
 So you have Hook story offer and they kind of weave backwards in the books, but I touched
 one of deep in each book, but so in Travis Secret book, I had in section number three,
 or secret number three is all about Hook story offer.
 So I'm going to flip open today really quick.
 So you see the picture here, if you guys see, if you're watching, you can see there's
 picture with all these little hooks, then there's the story and there's the offer.
 And this is the core framework of funnels, when you really start understanding it.
 All right, I guess, cool if I read you part of the book.
 Okay, I'm going to read you a story.
 This is a fun one.
 So it was 9.27 pm, sorry, it was 9.27 pm and the last of Jessica's kids had just fallen
 asleep.
 It had been a long day that started out way before the sun came up and it was finally
 ending.
 While Jessica was exhausted, it was her time now.
 And she had a few precious moments to herself without kids pulling her in a million directions.
 That's not like any of you guys, if you've got kids, sounds like me, especially during
 this quarantine.
 Soon she would start a nighttime routine and cleaning up the house, getting herself ready
 for bed, taking off her makeup and finally falling asleep for a few hours before she
 had to wake up and started all over again.
 As she fell on the couch, she reached into her pocket and slowly pulled out her phone.
 What had been happening in everyone else's lives today?
 She wondered.
 She opened Facebook and swiped through the lives of her friends and family, hoping to
 find some comfort knowing that she wasn't the only one who had a busy day.
 Soon she started to get bored.
 But when she was about to close the app, she saw an image fly past her screen.
 She almost missed it, but she slowly moved her finger back up the phone, bringing the
 picture into the middle of the screen.
 Yep, she thought she was right.
 It was a picture of a woman about her age and workout clothes with grey shorts on.
 The thing that caught her eye wasn't the short so, it was the dark grey spot in the
 middle of her shorts.
 A little confused, she looked around above the image and read the words, "Let me tell
 you about the time that I peed my pants during a workout.
 I was filming for Doll Workout Club, I had never been so embarrassed before."
 Jessica was right, it was a picture of a grown woman who had peed her pants.
 She laughed for a second, but then her laughter turned into uneasiness, and she realized that
 she knew exactly how this woman had felt.
 She had experienced the same thing earlier that year when her kids had wanted to jump
 on the trampoline with them.
 She wanted to be a good mom, but after a few jumps, she had to get off because she had
 peed her pants.
 She quickly came up with the reason why she couldn't jump anymore, and after apologizing
 to her kids, she had run to her house to get changed.
 She knew the story she told her kid wasn't true, which added to her mom guilt even more.
 This also made her think about other activities she knew she would love to do, but were off
 limits for the same reason.
 After a few seconds of looking at the image, Jessica decided she wanted to see why in the
 world this woman would post a picture of herself on-face with telling others that she had peed
 her pants.
 She clipped on the image and was immediately taken to the page of the video with the same
 woman in the picture.
 Jessica clipped on the video and started listening to the story.
 The woman's name was Natalie Hodson, and she was a fitness blogger and a mom of two
 amazing kids who were both 10-pound babies.
 Natalie told her embarrassing story when she accidentally peed her pants during a workout
 she was filming for her blogs.
 She then talked about a doctor that she had met and specialized in helping women with
 this problem.
 She shared how the doctors were able to help her, and after she had success, she wanted
 to share it with other women.
 Natalie mentioned she had worked with the doctor to create an online program that anyone
 could do from home with simple exercises to strengthen their abs, core, and pelvic floor.
 Together, Natalie and the doctors made an ebook that also came with bonuses like diet
 and nutrition trips, exercises and movements, and special training programs.
 They wanted to make this offer for all the moms who had struggled with accidental leaks
 after having babies, but didn't have the ability to meet with the doctor in person.
 Instead, you could get the same advice that I've ever needed to comfort your home, and
 you could get the ebook when all these bonuses mentioned for just $47.
 Excited Jessica jumped off the couch and ran across the room to find her credit card.
 After typing in her credit card numbers within minutes, she had access to the ebook that
 would solve her problem forever.
 Even though Jessica's story is fictional, this type of experience does happen each and
 every day to women who are embarrassed when they accidentally peed her pants a little
 bit when they cough, sneezer, even jump on the trampoline.
 Over the past three years, over 120,000 women have purchased Natalie's ebook.
 This has made Natalie Hodsen a household name, giving her the ability to change the lives
 of countless women around the world and make her very wealthy in the process.
 The framework that Natalie used to get 120,000 people to buy her book, abs, core, and pelvic
 floor is called Hook Story Offer.
 Oh, you guys see where this is going?
 Okay, so think about this.
 This is happening every single day, and I share that story at the beginning because Natalie's
 business has blown up, but it's all based on the same concept, right?
 People have their phones, they're on their computer, they're scoring through Facebook,
 through Instagram, through YouTube, through blogs, whatever their method of learning is,
 right?
 They're doing the thing, and then some things got to capture their attention.
 Okay?
 Now for us as business owners, as marketers, and entrepreneurs, as funnel hackers, our
 job has become great at getting people's attention, throwing out hooks that grab their attention.
 Okay?
 So for now, this is scrolling through their feed-offs.
 They see her standing there embarrassed with the pea pants like, "Who is somebody?"
 "What is that?"
 Boom, you got him.
 You hooked him just long enough that you can now tell them a story.
 Now the goal of the story is to increase the perceived value of whatever it is you're going
 to be selling, right?
 And then, excuse me, and then you make them an offer.
 Okay?
 That's it, that's the game.
 That's how we drive traffic, that's how we get, how we sell products with things that
 were selling inside of our funnel.
 Okay?
 And I mentioned this earlier, what's interesting is as you start looking at your funnel, at
 your ad campaigns, everything.
 If something's not working, at launch ad campaign, it's not working.
 And why?
 It's always because of one of these three things.
 One of these three things.
 Either the hook wasn't right.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, then everything works in the funnel.
 Okay?
 And that's true in every page.
 Like the ad, there's a hook, a story, an offer on the ad.
 There's a hook, story offer on the landing page.
 There's a hook, story offer on the sales page, hook, story offer on the upsell page, hook,
 story offer on the downsell page.
 Like every single page in the funnel has a hook, a story in an offer.
 Okay?
 This video alone, like literally I'm here with you guys.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, then everything works in the funnel.
 Okay?
 And that's true in every page.
 Like the ad, there's a hook, a story offer on the ad.
 There's a hook, story offer on the landing page.
 And that's true in every page.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 So, if you get all three working, you're going to be able to do it.
 Okay?
 Okay?
 Okay?
 Okay?
 Okay?
 Follow me on Instagram, right? Like you go to my wall. Everyone who images is the hook right. I guess that I did
 I did an image with me holding a post it though. They had a scripture from a book of Esther that said perhaps
 I'm the I'm the mess of the court. I'm but perhaps you were born for times of right now, right?
 That was a hookedy people's attention right there are all this panic all this fear and people are scorned me and then boom
 I'm throwing the things saying look the S's scary
 But this is your time it's time to step up and try to set it right hook is telling a story and the offer is just people like it
 And you have like four thousand likes in the first in the first
 I don't know five or six hours, right? So hook story offering. It's happening there's happening there, right?
 It's happening where I'm selling happy my videos have to make emails happen as like everywhere you're every where you're publishing everything
 You're doing hook story offers there over and over and over and over and over again
 Kim said Russell's a hook just an image. It's not just an image. It can be an image
 Yes, but it can be so many other things right a hook is anything that grabs your attention
 Right and so when you're scrolling through your feet sometimes the thing is like in fact
 This is it this is your assignment okay to neck
 We got this whenever you get off this whenever you're listening to go to Instagram or Facebook or YouTube
 Whatever you're excited by and just start scrolling just go through the feed and start scrolling and notice what things grab your attention
 Okay
 When someone grabs your attention stop and then what was the grab the tension was the headline was it the image was it the crazy person?
 Was it you know something was the comments like like there's something to grab your attention wherever that was the gravitation is the hook
 Okay, so I'm making my videos. I'm looking for like I set up this location right here for a couple reasons like like here's a potential
 Hook that might grab some right you see some books right I could put something on the screen back here
 I'm in my funnel hacker shirts grabs from my mate. I'm excited
 I'm talking like like all these elements are things I'm doing to try to hook people
 I don't know what's gonna look like something hooked all the guys some of this because you know who I am so that's the hook some of it's
 You're you're looking for traffic. That's the hook. So you guys just like there's this weird guy. He's all excited. What is it? What's happening?
 The hook is is different. Yeah, Gus. I think that's on so you energies the best hook like like
 So hook is just it's whatever it is that grabs attention. So it's it's all the tools we have in our in our tool chest
 We're trying to all of them are throwing everything out
 To get their attention just long enough that they're gonna stop from the strolling list stop and they say okay cool
 Now I got your attention
 Let me tell you story I'm telling this story and again the goal of stories to build to increase the perceived value of the thing
 I'm going to sell them next the offer I'm gonna make and then I make an offer
 That's the game. That's it. Okay. Well, it's fun
 It's because now it's like when people have a funnel like my photos are working. What do I do?
 It's funny. I have people
 We do consulting and it's I don't really do anymore because it just
 I ran out of time
 But I've lost some of the consulting is hundred grand for a day and people come in and like my fun is not working
 I want to increase not like literally what I would do
 I would go to the ad and look at that say okay, this ad is doing all right
 How can we make it better? Who is there any better hooks we could use is there a better story we can tell?
 What's a better offer and we spend time on that then we go to landing page. Okay. Here's your landing page cool
 It's doing all right. What's a better hook we could do? What's a better story we could tell?
 What's a better offer and go to sales page hook story off hooks and like that's it. There's my magic trick
 Right if you want to see the magician how he reveals his magic tricks like that literally is it?
 Okay, it's hook story off. You gave me 100 grand today. That's all we do. What's interesting is a
 Fun life you live
 two years see not last year but the year before
 For liking live my opening keynote presentation
 I talked about hooks for often first time ever and I remember Stacy Martino was there and she said she said went home that night
 And I was like okay
 I need some help, but I don't know what to do if I was a payer hustle who just tell me his hook story offer
 So what I'm gonna do is I'm just gonna think what's my hook my story offers? She started looking at her business
 She said oh my gosh my story is amazing my offers amazing. I'm not throwing enough hooks
 She's I'm gonna throw some hooks so she started all these things and she messaged me on a like two weeks later
 She's like Russell they just look at the soul thing like what are you talking about?
 She's like you told me that if I was a higher you do hook story offer
 So I just looked at my going business
 I said is the hook the story offer I really just look I think we're all bunch more hooks and she said we said the most profitable
 Month of our entire business because of that I'm like wow that's amazing like now. You know my tricks now
 I'm useless in the equation right?
 That's what's the understanding. That's what's important for you as I understand okay your job as marketers become good at throwing out hooks
 They grab some of the tension then after you have their attention tell them a story that builds the perceived value of the offer
 You're gonna make them and then make them an irresistible offer when you become good at that
 You'll be able to write your right ear right ear
 Chex for you'll be able to write your own paychecks rest your life. So you're home right now
 I'm start going through your feed news feed Instagram Facebook Google like where anywhere you're going at and start paying attention for the hooks
 They're grabbing attention. Okay, and then if they hook grab your attention click on it and then go listen like listen
 What's the story? What's the hook on the landing page? What's the story of their time? What's the offer and start paying attention?
 This is what funnel hacking is all about noticing what's happening and watching it and paying close attention because
 The way you do this is not gonna be magic. It's just you're looking at that and you're and you're figuring out
 Okay, how do I do the same thing? How do I throw up hooks? How do I tell stories?
 Especially right now like right now the media is good at this right? Why is media pushing so much fear cuz fear is a great hook
 Okay, now I'm not a big believer in like let's throw fear out there to try to sell products
 But if that's what me easy right there really get three hooks. They call click bait right the click bait
 They're trying to get the hooks out there. It's same thing, but ethical that you're trying to do and so that should help so
 Mateo said how do you help us survive in Corona time? It's a survive. You need to build a life preserver around your business
 The life preserver are customers. Okay, business is all about just getting customers and serving them at the highest level possible
 Okay, people still have money. There's a fear is that the false belief. Oh, no people have money
 It's like no, they still have money money hasn't disappeared. You know, it's gonna shift a lot of a lot of businesses people are losing jobs
 But it's like you understand like people have money. They're still spending money on things that they need right like look at what people
 By now there's a lot of things people are buying right now
 You have to understand that and you have to protect your company you have to build a life preserver of customers
 And how do you do that the best way is to get traffic people customers to you?
 Which is why I'm going live every single day and tell further notice about this traffic secrets books. That's what I'm talking about
 Okay
 Now I have an interview I got to jump off off and happening in three minutes
 So I'm gonna bounce but I want all you guys right now. It's time right now during this during this
 This moment of fear and frustration and quarantine and whatever the season we're in right now
 This is the time to sharpen your song become better
 I recommend going to traffic secret.com getting copy of the free book the book doesn't ship to make it
 But if you get there's the order form bump the of the upsells the audiobook which is which is seven hours
 Me reading the book you can get it today. It's ready right now
 If that's happening and then I said I'm going live every day during the weekday
 Going through chapter by chapter so go pay attention go back and watch them start learning these principles
 You are even while you're waiting for the book you can start understanding these principles
 So I'm becoming better at them and test the books today post something on your Instagram wall your Facebook wall wherever you post stuff
 And test the hook out see if you can get someone's attention and just practice your hooks because the better you get hooks
 The more people that's kind of game plan. So all right. That's it guys. It's time go get your book at traffic seekers.com
 Appreciate you guys. Thanks for hanging out today. You're amazing and hopefully you guys enjoy your time in quarantine
 I know it's scary and stressful times
 But we need to focus on positive and focusing on building life preservers around your business
 Which is traffic is customers as people and so let's focus all about how to get not just customers. Oh
 I can get this down here
 Not just customers, but how to get your dream customers the right ones the ones you actually want to serve in your business
 And so that's the game plan. All right, thanks guys. Appreciate you all and we'll talk to you is all tomorrow. All right. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between
 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay, and the phone over you text is
 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that
 Through this texting community is where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
