 Good morning everybody, this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast. I want to share the ice. I'm really cool today
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right welcome back, so I'm actually in the process right now of getting packed for the
 For the traffic secrets event which is happening tomorrow
 So I'm mostly done. I have to pack real quick and then I'm heading in
 I got pi two three more hours of the office before the plane takes off
 I've finished a couple more sketches get my slides put together and then
 Then the party begins so for those who are gonna be there I'm excited to hang out with you and share with you
 Man basically 15 years of traffic stuff and the cool thing about this this presentation is book. It's not like let me teach you everyone Facebook ads
 Because I honestly feel like there's a storm coming and things are shifting and I'm trying to get us as a community prepared
 For when Zuckerberg decides he doesn't like us anymore because I guarantee to you I guarantee you it's gonna happen
 I've seen too many times over the years
 What's been interesting is I've watched for 15 years and why have we stuck around why we've been relevant versus all the other companies
 I've gone by the wayside during the the ups and the downs of the network changes and
 The reason is because of what I'm teaching at the event
 How have you traffic how we study it how we focus on it how we apply it how we implement it is different
 And so it's not gonna be like here's how to run Facebook ads here's how to do interest targeting here's how to do it's gonna be
 bigger it's gonna be understanding the psychology and the strategy behind traffic and
 Things can be special. So that's what I pumped about and for those who aren't at the event you have to wait till next September to read the book
 I'm so sorry. Oh, I tell the book done by May 1st to have it to the publisher to be at the launch in September. So
 Yeah, that's the process. So this is me testing my material teaching it from a live studio audience before
 We go and actually create the whole thing. So it's gonna be fun. Anywho as I was packing this morning
 Some of you guys know some of my wrestling friends that
 That the wrestling world tournament has been happening this week
 Which is the equivalent of the Olympics in an off-year, right?
 So the Olympics every four years to the other three years. They have a world tournament. It's pretty much the same as Olympics
 And it's a big deal and it's coming on the backside of
 and I want to share this just for contrast, but it's the backside of
 the May weather fight and not Mayweather's excuse me the
 The Conor McGregor fight that just happened where he wrestled
 Refied against a wrestler who used to fight bears in Russia and Mayweather obviously got Jack
 pretty quickly and
 The only thing I'm gonna touch upon because I actually enjoyed the fight
 I enjoyed the antics afterwards the Russian dude jumping into the stands and beating up everybody and then the people in the stands should be in like
 Not gonna lie really enjoyed that had a fun time watching it over and over again
 But it was interesting you watch both those competitors when all said done
 How they use their platform?
 And this is the moral of this of this episode. I want to share with you. How do they use their platform, right?
 Both of them use their platform. Man, like not in a positive way
 I'm
 Pre-fight post fight everything is just been like this chaos and I don't know about you
 But like it's dark and it's not doesn't feel good. I mean it's fun
 So this is the internal struggle Russell's head around like I love this drama
 I love the fact that he jumped into the audience to start beating everybody up like so much fun, right?
 But man like what a horrible like role model for our kids for people that we care about right?
 It's just it's it's insane. So
 That's
 That's like that was what happened. You know like a month ago or whatever it was now on contrast that with something amazing
 I saw this morning so
 wrestling world tournament was happening and
 Last year America came in the world tournament and we freaking crushed everyone beat Russia like it was amazing this year
 And Russia's always like it's Russian America. That's the two best wrestling teams, right?
 And it came back and Russia actually ended winning the team title this year was close those was really close with some amazing amazing matches
 My my man Jordan Burroughs, he's like my wrestling hero right now
 Who he won Olympics in London?
 He's won the world titles and he was on track if you had won this world
 I think you had been you could have been tied for the most world championships ever in America history
 He lost into third which was heartbreaking for me, but man, he used his platform for good. You got done
 He talked about are you just just a positive?
 Amazing human right and then a couple other matches
 This is just for the some of you guys don't care about this but for the wrestlers out there like insane
 David Taylor went in there and
 One is first world title and tech followed the guy in the finals tech wall
 I mean you beat him by some of the points they stopped the match because you beat him so bad
 so he came in with the mission just thrashed everyone Kyle date came in and
 Went through the tournament and won his first world title and not a single person scored on him
 Not a single person scored on the entire tournament insane. Oh and then
 Jane Cox can it was amazing some really good terms, but what I want to talk about because this is the one I shared you guys and this is
 This is the point of taste podcast. So
 The in yesterday in the finals
 There's a guy named Kyle Snyder and Kyle as an 18 year old
 One the world tournament, which is insane like unheard of right?
 then
 The next year wins the Olympics and then the next year wins world title and then last year
 Wins world title game, but but to win the world title him's going against this guy who the guy is insane
 Like I could tell you the stories about this guy, but he wasn't supposed to win
 I think the guy came down weight class or something because he wanted to beat Snyder and like the dude is
 probably the toughest human being on earth right now and
 Him and Snyder meeting the finals and young kid Snyder who's like a farm boy goes and beats this Russian dude
 who like he should not have beat like I don't know it was just insane and
 It was crazy. So that was our big thing last year, which is which was
 Amazing right so this year obviously the Russians like they just want to beat Snyder like that's their whole goal in life
 and so
 like it was kind of like it reminded me a little bit of like
 of a Conor McGregor fight with like all the build up in the talking and all kind of stuff, you know and and
 Snyder's not really trash talker, but man the Russians were talking on his trash so they're gonna beat him and then
 We get to the world title and run to the sides of the brackets and they could go together and find they meet in the finals
 It's like the most anticipated match ever right everyone in in the world is like
 Cares are wrestling is watching this match because they want to see Snyder versus this Russian dude
 And they go out there and finally yesterday happened and they go and start wrestling and the Russian dude
 very very quickly throws Snyder to his back and pins him like match last like
 maybe 30 seconds max not even that I don't think and
 Me and America and all the wrestlers watching is just like sick to our stomach like oh my gosh like he lost like oh
 And so you're wondering like what's gonna what's gonna happen? What's gonna transpire and you know
 For the last 24 hours. I've been sick to my stomach for him snowing like what he's gone through what he you know prepared for all the stuff
 it's just like ah and
 then this morning I open Instagram and
 And I see first a see is a big picture of Kyle Snyder doing a quick interview and I'm gonna actually play the interview for you
 I'm gonna have my brother splice it in here because I want you to hear what he said and then after that
 I'm gonna come back in them and then comment on it
 Windsor losses don't define me
 I mean, I love wrestling. It's a big part of my life, but I'm not defined by the sport defined by my faith in Jesus
 so
 That's what I mean no matter what happens to me on the mat
 Nothing really changes whether I'm going or whether I lose
 There's not a big change in my life the way that I view myself the way that I view other people
 So I'm thankful for everything. I'm thankful for the gifts that I have and the opportunity to compete
 God's giving me God's giving me the winds that I've had the great winds that we've seen and then God's also
 Give me losses and I'll take both of them. You know, whatever whatever he wants to give I'll learn from it and
 Alright was that amazing?
 Like he what he said so many things he could have given excuses why he lost he could have given excuse about why he got caught and thrown away
 giving excuses he could have blamed people he could have been angry could have like you know trash talk he could have
 Anything he has this platform. He's a friend the entire world right now
 And it's an opportunity to say something and how does he use his platform?
 He's used it to praise God. He uses it to talk about him
 Like to talk about what he's learning. He's using it as a platform to help other people to learn from their losses like
 like
 So so so powerful and so I'm sharing this with you guys for the main reasons because all of you have a platform or you are building a platform and
 When you have a platform that becomes responsibility like how are you gonna use that?
 How are you gonna help people?
 How are you gonna when you have this shot when you are when you're on stage and everyone in the world's listening to you and you've got this
 Split split second. How are you gonna use your platform?
 When I think about that
 Okay, look at what happened with Conor McGregor and the other dude right like how they use their platform super negatively
 Like I don't want my kids to see that I'm gonna watch it cuz I like the train wreck
 Right, but man, they're not role models that I got I don't want to be like them
 I don't want my kids to be like them. I don't want things like that
 Right and you go Kyle Snyder and like man
 I want my kids to hear from someone that want them to have him as a role model like he used his platform to
 To get his message out there to help to talk about God like every time I've seen him on any interview any anything
 In spots where he could be talking about himself and talking about how gradients are talking about whatever
 He always uses it to talk about God to glorify
 someone besides himself to
 To talk through those type of things, you know, I mean and so when you watch that like
 Like it's it's it's powerful
 And so I just wanted to put in your mind because you guys are each gonna have an opportunity in a shot where you're gonna be on platform
 The question is how are you gonna use that platform?
 You know, I hope that you guys have been watching cuz I consciously think about this
 I realize that I've been given a gift from God where I have a platform. I have a voice
 I have people who listen to me. I have
 The ability to persuade and to talk and to share and to and to motivate and aspire into to lead people in directions
 And I believe that with great power comes great responsibility, right? Thank you super spider-man
 But it's true like like how are you using your platform? Like I want to be someone that when I die someday
 Everyone says man
 He used his platform for good. I use blessed this amazing platform to be able to to influence people
 But man he influenced him for good. He inspired people. He he helped people to want to be better
 He helped people to live to their full potential. He helped people to transform their lives. He helped people
 You know to charity and through
 Other things that to help other people he inspired me to want to do that, you know, like that's that's the legacy
 I want to live that's the platform that I want to that I want to create and so
 I just want you guys to be thoughtful that to consciously think about that as you're building your platform like as your platform grows
 How are you gonna use it because I 100% believe
 That if you have good intentions with your platform and if you're using it in the right way
 You know God the universe whatever you want to say whatever you guys call it for yourselves will bless you and will will multiply that
 and
 Yeah, just make sure because it's a it's a sacred responsibility. We're all given it
 So make sure you use it look at what Kyle Snyder did in in a time when he could have been negative and he could have complained
 And he could have had a million excuses and rightfully so I would have been the one that platform be like
 Oh, well, he caught me and like, you know, I get sucks
 I'm gonna take him out next time and he's going down and blah blah blah blah
 You know instead he used it to glorify God used it as a learning lesson for himself and used it as as a way to
 To help transform other people's thoughts and minds because some people
 Me included my stick to my stomach and radio like flat Russia and try to beat this guy if he wasn't so tough
 You know, I mean but instead of being like, yes, let's get revenge. It's like hey
 God gives me wins and God is gonna be losses
 I'm grateful for both because I learned from both like that little message like how many people that inspire how like how does that shift your thought?
 Like how does it shift my thoughts like oh my gosh like there's times all the time when I fail and I'm not typically thinking like okay
 Would it like God gave me this loss like how am I gonna learn from it?
 Right, but that's how he looked at it and you use his platform to share those other people because man
 And I look at now. I'm a sharing this we're gonna get you know 20 30 40,000 people down with this podcast episode listen to like that ripple
 Effect of him in the moment using his platform for good. How many more people that effect?
 Okay, and so for you. It's the same thing. How are you using your platform?
 Use it for positive stuff. Don't use it for negative
 If you do that you will be blessed and you will be able to change and affect more people's lives
 So there you go guys. That's like that. Appreciate you all. I got her
 You can get back as I am already behind the clock. I just had to drop this with you guys and share it because I was excited
 Thanks so much for everything all the guys you just quit watching MMA quit watching basketball football golf
 NASCAR and start watching wrestling. There's amazing stuff happening. Look at these role models
 Finally a sport with amazing role models. I'll leave it there
 They're good role models in every sport, but the best ones are wrestling, so
 I appreciate you guys had an amazing day and those of you guys who will be a Phoenix the traffic secrets event
 I will see you soon
 Oh, and if you got any value from this episode, please take a snapshot of it on your phone go post on Facebook
 Instagram and
 Tag me so I can see you that you're listening and do hashtag marketing secrets and if you're using those other platforms Twitter
 Pinterest all those other things feel free to do there - I don't know how it works on those ones
 But I'm sure it's the same thing. I appreciate you guys letting people know about podcast and we'll talk soon
 Want more marketing secrets? If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called calm secrets and you get your free copy at calm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
