 Hey everybody welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast and we are getting to the end of the Q&A's from the econ versus expert Smackdown
 We've been so much fun. I should do more Q&A's. Do you guys enjoy these if so?
 Let me know and we can try to to do more of these live
 I was nervous about doing them and at the time of my life doing them so this next one is really good question the question is
 How do we get certainty as entrepreneurs?
 Anybody was entrepreneurs or risk takers right like by definition? We don't live in certainty
 We are jumping off the cliff trying to go crazy and do these different things
 But the certainty is also it gives you the ability to move forward and to like to be okay with the risking and trying
 And so there's like this yin yang between those two things right certainty and risk and entrepreneurship and like how do they all work together?
 And so this was from a young entrepreneur who just dropped out of college and was you're taking the risk
 But then like craving certainty and like what do we do and how does it work?
 And so I hope that this question
 Helps any of you guys who are in that situation where you know to be successful entrepreneur
 You have your risk taker, but you also need certainty in your life
 In between those two things. How do they how do they all work together?
 So hope that this question helps you guys and with that said we'll keep theme song
 We get back we'll find out how to get certainty as an entrepreneur
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, this is from Pietro and
 His question is is it normal to feel like you you're you having you're having too many
 Collins in life being called out to serve too many people too many different dream customers. Oh
 Yeah
 How you doing I've seen your comments come in like fire, so I'm so glad you got called to a hot seat
 This is so fun
 We turn his audio on here
 I was so enthralled and watching him. I forgot what the question was
 He's done if he unuses himself
 What was the best day of your life
 When I decided to drop out of uni so university and start my own business nice like
 six months ago not telling anyone to do that but
 Yeah, I'm proud of it. I'm just proud of it
 That's awesome. So the question then you feel like you're calling to serve a whole bunch of people and you don't know
 What to to serve first is that the question?
 Yeah, kind of
 So the first part of the question is like how do we get certainty as
 entrepreneurs I mean we are like risk takers and having certainty it's
 completely up to it
 So it's really hard like especially for me
 Dropping out having everyone against me in this choice, but still being able to
 Actually come up with something in a relatively short period of time and
 Yeah, I mean there's risk and there's certainty but people go together. Yeah, so
 certainty doesn't come from like I'm gonna be certain certainty comes from like I'm a wrestler
 So for me like certainty came for me stepping out on the mat
 Shaking the person's hand and going to war over and over and over and over again
 Guess what first few times I got beat up. I got beat up. I got beat up
 I got beat up and then I started getting better
 I started getting better and then I won and I want to get and I want again
 And then I lost again like and like they certainly is crafted in the fire
 Right and so what wanted to get certainty before you step into the fire is not gonna happen
 You got to step out and like that guy wants to kill me
 I want to kill me like I stepped in that and here we go and you get the certainty by stepping into the fire shaking hands and like
 And going for it and so that's what's hard just because it's like like
 There's a book in our church. It's called faith proceeds the miracle right you want the miracle
 But you can't wait till like I'm gonna get the miracle eventually and no faith proceeds the miracle
 You got to have faith to take that step
 Before the miracle shows up before the certainty shows up and so you have to you have to go in that it's hard because it's like
 What's gonna happen? What if I fail? What if I what I and I you might fail you're probably gonna fail most people's funnel the first
 The second and third the fourth fail mine did
 Right, but it's like okay. I believe in the process. I believe in the path
 I believe in my calling therefore I'm gonna step out there and I'm gonna get beat up
 And then I step out there getting it beat up step out there getting to be up
 I keep doing over and over and over again until you start winning and that's when certainty starts coming
 That's we start feeling comfortable and it keeps growing like me seven years ago
 I thought I had certainty right my very first funnel hacking lab
 I thought I had certainty right I was back now at that little kid who was like whoa you're doing on stage teaching people about stuff
 You're maybe it back then right is my certain it gets better and gets better because I keep going into the fire
 And into the fire and get stronger and stronger and stronger and so just knowing right now six months ago
 You probably more certainty now than six months ago because now you stepped out in there, right?
 Okay, and six months now it's gonna be better
 It's gonna be better
 But it's just continuing to step into the fire to go out there and go for the next match the next opponent the next person
 And every time you do it win-loser draw. That's what that's how you build and how you forge your certainty
 It's like I bought the out within the bad book yesterday and I read it all and
 I finally stopped like going on the fake but but having on my shoulder
 Fear
 What if I cannot pay the rent this month and well yeah, so what so okay, this is good
 Those are real fears
 I had a friend who's a chiropractor and he had spent his entire you know
 however many years ago in a chiropractic school and they opened a practice and you bought all the equipment and all the stuff
 Right and you start launched the practice and then nobody showed up
 He's kept trying to keep trying and trying and over like however many months and then a year
 It got worse than worse the point he was down to the bottom
 I still remember because it was like 11 o'clock at night. He called me woke me up
 He's like dude. I need some help like wait, it's like my company's failing
 I'm gonna declare bankruptcy and he's like freaking out. He's like come and help me like I need I need one of your marketing secrets
 I was like oh
 Okay, like so I get up I get my clothes on I drive to his practice who sit down and he tells me like all the stuff
 And again, he's waiting for me to be like give him like here's the nugget send this email to your list
 And you will magically be rich and I told him as I do I got nothing for you except for this
 I was like what is the worst case scenario like worst case happens?
 What is it? He's like I don't know Mike you have to face that you have to face that fear in the face
 And you have to become okay with it if you can't be a come okay with the first case scenario
 You're gonna have it and you know
 It's the monkey on your back is there
 But you're like trying to face it
 But you always have this fear of it being there and because that it's gonna keep you from like taking the steps
 You need to take you gotta be a look at the worst case scenario and become completely okay with that
 So what's worst case scenario?
 He's like worst case scenario
 I like to declare bankruptcy my cool and why would that be so bad?
 He's like cuz then I lose my house my okay, then what would you move to like another house?
 I'm like okay, and then what would happen like what like well my my in-laws would think I was a failure so
 Don't I'm like okay like are you okay with that like I guess that's okay
 And then what else so he looks at all the worst case scenario on my case
 So if everything fails like that's what's gonna happen
 You're gonna you're gonna lose your house
 You're gonna have to move out your in-laws might think that you're a failure for a little bit
 But then you have a chance to rebuild I'm like can you be okay with those things and took us a while till he was like
 Okay, like I can I can I think I can do that and I was okay now you have the billie move forward
 And that was it and like he I left the next day he came out
 He's like I was able to now start making good decisions and step forward because if if I failed I was okay with that
 And that's the key it's interesting um have you seen sorry Batman reference
 Have you seen the third of the of the Batman series where he's fighting Bane
 So remember he breaks his back puts him in this pit and he's down in the pit and he's getting the heel up
 And like no one's ever escaped this pit right?
 It's like climb up this thing to get out of this pit and it's almost impossible
 And when they do is they tie rope around their waist and they go and they try to jump out of the cliff to get out right?
 And uh there's rumors that one person ever ever escaped from this pit
 Right and everyone talked about the rumors and finally this old guy tells Batman's like the only person never escaped from the pit
 Was a little kid and they did it because they didn't put the rope around their waist
 And so Batman said the guy said the problem is that they have this rope around their waist and so they're jumping knowing that like
 I've got the safety net right?
 I've talked about burning the bridges like I had this rope that's gonna keep me here
 And so they they kept jumping but because they have the rope they know they're gonna be okay
 And they they don't go hard enough and so Batman decides okay. I got to do this
 We cut the rope off climbs up freestyle and then leaps and this time is like my life depends on this
 I have nothing holding me back. I've got nothing like worst case scenario. I'm dead and I'm okay with that
 Let's go for it and he jumps catches the thing and gets without escapes saves the world saves Gotham and he's Batman
 So um, but the moral of that is is that rope if we have this rope that's holding it's back
 We're not going to take the leap we need to do so we've got to stop look back and say I'm okay with that
 Okay, I've had three or four times in my business career
 There have been ups and downs and when the downs are happening is when I started freezing up
 And it was me getting very clear by myself saying okay worst case scenario that happens
 Can I am I okay with that? Can I deal with that if that happens? What's what's what's my life?
 Can look like when you look at you're like, oh, it's actually not that bad like yeah
 I'll be annoying embarrassing, but like it's really not that bad. I'm not dying
 Like okay cool. I can deal with that. Okay. Now rope's gone. I can jump and now you have a chance to do it
 And maybe you do fail. Maybe you go bankrupt. That's okay. It happens
 That's the greatest thing about this country is the bankruptcy laws like the founding fathers
 So I believe we're inspired from God gave us these rules saying like worst case scenario
 You lose everything. It's not like you get thrown in jail for the rest of your life
 You have a chance to reset and start over right most entrepreneurs know we've been successful gone bankrupt
 Bankrupt at least once most of them multiple times like it's not the end of the world
 So become okay with the worst case scenario and then go out there and live your calling live your mission jump without a rope and
 Have some success. So that'd be my recognition. I don't know if you want to
 Add anything to that, but this was awesome. Yeah, that was really really good one thing that
 I've seen entrepreneurs do and like I do it all the time is
 I think I need to be here
 When I actually just need to take that first step so you're talking about you have a lot of different things that you want to do
 And you don't know what you want to do so you're trying to figure out how to put them all into one thing and it's overwhelming, right?
 Um, I believe that God only gives me a half step. No, I don't even get a full step
 I get a half step to see he's just saying will she take it will she take it?
 When I started ecommerce if I would have seen this big vision of me standing on stage with brussel bronson
 I I wouldn't start it
 That I could my brain could not handle that so I wasn't given this big huge dream
 Mine was just a half step at a half step
 And that helped me to create the clarity of where I needed to go and as I look back over it
 I'm so glad it was just given to me step by step half step by half step because if I would have gone out sprinting and i'm sprinting in the wrong direction
 That's a heck of a lot more
 Um of a boat changer a run change, right?
 Then if I just step into a little bit out of time and somehow sometimes actually a lot of times I know entrepreneurs
 They're just given a little bit a little bit of faith. Are you gonna take that faith?
 Are you gonna take that faith and then our mind just becomes more clear
 Did you think that you would ever be standing in front of the 6 000 people on a stage?
 My goal is make a thousand bucks a month that would have that was my entire goal gauge start
 I find me thousand bucks a month
 I can keep wrestling and then my wife can keep working and I'll be able to that was it
 That was the that was the grand vision when I got started mine was $200 a day
 Nice. I think a little bit more than yours
 She's more aspirational than me, but yeah
 Does that help?
 Yeah, I guess that's
 So much value here. I I don't even know what to do with it right now
 So I probably going to wash this over and over and over and over again
 And yeah, I just love you guys. Thank you so much. I don't think you're gonna be able to sleep tonight
 No, I didn't yesterday and for sure I'm not going to
 So cool. This is like the most exciting I don't know it's funny
 I remember going to business conferences back in the day
 And I was in these rooms that are stuff your rooms everyone's like, and I'm the little kid back like freaking out like this is the main
 Why are people that are more excited?
 So I remember I started doing something I want to make business exciting because it is it's like
 This is the coolest stuff in the world and she has to be a talk about and play with it and like
 But what all said done I had this conversation last week for my team like we're sitting there
 We're stressed about something and everything I kind of stopped every minute. I said you guys don't understand like this is just a game
 Like we put on like this is life for death. I thought I was like, no, no, this is just a game like we're gonna die eventually right now
 We're just like windows, you know 10 20 30 40 years who knows how long and like we're occupying our brains and trying to like
 Make ourselves productive and help people along the way, but like this is just a game. None of it actually matters
 So it's like we look at that point. It's like this is a game. I'm playing I'm gonna figure it out
 I'm like it starts becoming more fun and more free as opposed like oh, I gotta figure this out people get so rich and stiff
 And then they're too scared to do anything. It's like no like look at it differently and it becomes fun
 It becomes exciting and like now it's not like I try something I fail this like I try something and I learned
 Yeah, right. I remember I had this call Tom bill you who Tom is one of the most brilliant people I've ever met
 And we're talking about identities about like
 Identities and he said he said that all of us have an identity and a lot of times we have to shift our identity
 Right like when you guys are coming to our world we're trying to shift our identity to be coming in funnel hacker an entrepreneur like
 Because sometimes we create identities for ourselves that are very very limiting right
 Where like you may have an identity like I'm a world-class wrestler
 I'm the best entrepreneur in the world. This is the identity I have but then what happens is you create that identity and you hit it and
 Something fails and the identity all seem like oh my gosh
 Like I'm a failure because I didn't live up to my identity and Tom
 So sorry he said that he said all the identities you can have this one identity it trumps all the others
 And so the identity is like this is for him. He's like this is my identity
 Is I take on the identity of the learner?
 He's like the learner you can't mess it up because if I fail I learned if I succeed I learned like no matter what happens as a learner
 Like I have this ability to keep moving forward in life. There are all the ups and the downs because my identity is I'm a learner
 So I'm looking for the learner. I'm looking for learning and failing learning looking for a success looking for everything
 And it's like that way I never feel like a failure because I'm always learning and I was like oh my gosh
 That's such a cool
 Like a minhac of like how do I shift my identity?
 I'm a learner and you guys are obviously learners are here
 But this is like the path and the process is like like like that's the that's the key the identity that trumps all others
 Is the learner? So anyway, I thought it was a cool nugget from Tom that I keep thinking about my head over and over and over again
 Because I get in that sometimes where I'm like I'm this and this and then something happens and they're like
 Man when you think that you're whatever and you fail like for me a long time
 I was like I'm gonna be an Olympic wrestler
 I'm gonna be like that was my goal and I didn't hit it. It's like oh my gosh
 I failed I'm a failure and also the the darkness that comes with that is is unbearable
 Right because it's like I spent my whole life on this mission and I failed and it's just coming back to like shifting of like
 I'm gonna be the learner man opens up everything in anyways pretty powerful
 And don't you think if you just sat with that thought on your own it would have destroyed you
 But because of the community that you have around you the what you've built around you
 They're like dude Russell no like look at all this kind of stuff right
 We are meant to be in a community
 We are meant to support each other the lone world is I don't want to be alone
 There's a reason why we love talking to each other where we connect with certain people
 It's because we lift each other up in the darkest moments
 And then we get to celebrate the heck out of each other in our highest moments
 And Russell and I were talking about this um
 We talk about this all the time, but when we hit these amazing successes, I'll be like
 And he's like
 But if I go tell some of my friends who don't understand the business world they don't understand what we've gone through
 And it's not so much a celebration. I love when I get to celebrate with Russell. I love to hear when our students
 Succeed that's so fun. We just forget to celebrate along the way
 And that's something that we really
 Come on share your celebrations. Yes, that was one of the weirdest things I thought that I found where I got into this business starting success
 Like I thought that as I had more success everyone was gonna celebrate that like in my personal life. It's the opposite
 Yep, I'd have success and I'd go tell my friends my family who were on me and they were like
 Because for them, it's like you're growing you're changing your evolving and they're like oh like don't like stay back here
 And so like they don't do it consciously. I don't think they do it viciously, but man
 They say things they throw things out where like they don't like it feels uncomfortable for them to see you grow
 And that's why I think one big reason why I would say entrepreneurship is like the loneliest job in the world because most of us like
 Unless you're in a family of entrepreneurs is different, but if you're not like usually it's probably just you for me
 It was just me. I didn't my my wife was an entrepreneur like people around me weren't like it was me in my
 In my life my first apartment on a computer by myself like I had this vision
 I had this dream like and it wasn't so I got into a community of other people
 I was like oh my gosh first off. I'm not weird like there's other people like me
 But second off like when I had successes none of them were like like oh like you know like there wasn't ever that
 That weirdness it was always just like oh my gosh
 That's so cool because it's an aspiring thing
 They wanted to keep moving moving up with it and I think that's one of the biggest things
 Just understanding like like getting around the right people it shifts your mindset shifts your beliefs get you the permission to celebrate
 We're now like celebration like having the successes isn't a bad thing. It's not weird. It's like it's like yes
 This is good. These are good positive things
 And so my goal is to get you guys to plug into this campfire as much as you can right staying around where it's warm
 Everyone's in here like like this is a community that's amazing
 And so we've tried to build that again the funnel hacker community is amazing
 It's a huge community, but there's different levels of it right there's all these funnel hackers in the world and then every year
 There's about 6,000 they come to funnel hacking live and that's circle smaller
 It's an amazing community and inside out there's about 600 to join 2ccx and that circle smaller and we're tighter with them
 Inside out there's about 100 in their circle and from that there's 15 inside of the category Kings
 And so as you get closer and closer the groups are smaller the more intimate some people that are more crazy
 We call this program literally the 1% crazy because they look crazy
 Right you're going after things that don't make any sense to the rest of the world
 Right, but you believe in them. We believe in them and it's like that that's the the power
 So getting in those communities you have a chance to be around the people each step
 Right you ever have conversations with people who are the same level as you that
 You know like again every level the conversations are different
 Right 2ccx there's a certain conversation when you graduate from that you get to a common club war now
 Moving into inner circle which there's different conversations we're having because we're different problems different things like every
 Every opportunity you have creates new problems and so like right now you guys are in a spot where this is the program you need
 This is the thing that's going to get you to that next step to the next here
 It's going to give you the people the coaches the mentor the direction
 To get you to the next step of the process. So i'm excited i'm excited for you guys
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode
 And what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also dan kenny and i would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsletter.com
 Not only you can get the $20,000 gift you also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from dan kenny and one from me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsletter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
