 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey, hey, what's up everybody?
 Welcome to Saturday.
 I hope you guys are pumped to be here.
 I'm going to wait for a few minutes while we get everybody to get on.
 But we've got a lot of fun stuff to talk about.
 The last couple of days we posted on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, everywhere for you guys
 to ask me your Q&As, what questions you had about all sorts of stuff, marketing, business,
 living in a corona age and much other stuff.
 And so I've got the questions here and I've got answers.
 And it's going to be a lot of fun.
 So I'm pumped to be hanging out with you guys today and going through some of this stuff.
 And so that's kind of the game plan and it should be a good time.
 So while I'm waiting for everyone to jump on, here's how you guys are doing.
 How are you guys all surviving the last two weeks?
 I feel weird because I've been going live with you guys every single day talking about
 the book launch and everything else like that.
 But I'm taking a break from my regularly scheduled programming to talk about some other stuff.
 And so that's kind of game plan.
 Hopefully you guys are all doing well.
 We're doing pretty good overall.
 I think it's been probably the hardest on our kids.
 They, especially one of our kids is so social.
 They want to be out talking and being with friends and we like such bad, you know, like
 the bad guys not allowing them to because of, you know, the whole quarantine thing.
 So anyway, we have fun this morning playing with them all and we're going to play with
 them here a little bit as well.
 So anyway, excited to be hanging out with you guys today.
 And I said, this is not going to be talking about the book today.
 Although if you haven't got a copy of your book yet, you should totally go to trafiesecor.com.
 But that's not the point today.
 Today, I'm going to be doing some Q&A.
 And so I got a bunch of questions you guys have been submitting.
 You've submitted them.
 We've got questions coming in from Twitter, from Facebook, from Instagram, even LinkedIn,
 which I don't know how to log in LinkedIn, but there's questions coming from LinkedIn
 as well.
 And so I'm going to go through these with you yesterday.
 It should be a lot of fun.
 So before we go into that though, I've got three things I want to talk about that I think
 hopefully will help because I know we're still in such a time where people are just not
 sure what to think.
 And they're nervous.
 And I get it.
 In fact, today I was just getting messages from a lot of companies that I normally go
 to all time that I say, hey, we're shutting our doors, at least next foreseeable future.
 And we're hoping we can come back.
 We have no idea if we'll be back or not.
 And it's like, oh, that feeling of just like it's scary.
 And so I want to give you some peace and some hope and some understanding and hopefully
 help you guys feel comfortable with whatever the worst case scenario might be.
 So that's it.
 I got three things, a quote, and then we're going to Q&A.
 That's not like fun.
 All right.
 That's the game plan.
 So I'm going to start with the three things.
 So number one, I had a friend a couple of years ago, named Dr. Chad Walder.
 In fact, I think I mentioned him in almost all the books.
 Chad is a great guy.
 And I remember one time after he started his chiropractic practice, he had been working
 for a while and was just not going very well.
 And his point where he was about to just implode.
 And remember, he called me that night and he was like, he's like, I'm in a bad spot.
 I need help.
 And I'm okay.
 I can help.
 Sure.
 So I went over to his practice and we sat down and I think he was waiting for me to
 be like, all right, Chad, here is the magic secret.
 If you apply this said secret to your business, you will be up a jillionaire and everything
 will go away.
 And as I listened to longer and longer and longer, I could tell by the way he was talking
 that he was so scared of what could happen that it froze him from moving forward.
 Okay.
 And I'm sure that a lot of you guys are not sparring out where you're like, you're so
 scared of what could possibly happen that you're scared to move forward.
 Right?
 Let me just feel that way right now.
 I'm curious.
 Like that's the total normal human response.
 Like that's not something to be ashamed of or anything.
 Like that's how that's, you know, all of us will get that myself included.
 And as I sat there listening to Chad that night and I was trying to think of what kind
 of advice could I give him, I asked him, I said, look, for you to be able to move forward,
 you have to be completely okay with the worst case scenario.
 You got to be able to look at that and be like, look at it directly.
 I say, that's the worst case scenario.
 I'm okay with that.
 So I asked him, I said, what's, what's the worst case scenario if your practice failed?
 And I don't remember off the top of my head all the stuff he said, but he said things
 like, oh, if I do, I have to lose my house and I have to go bankrupt.
 And then like, you know, what am I, what am I, my family thing?
 What am I in loss?
 What do the other chiropractors think about me?
 And like, you started going through all the things.
 And so we sat down with a pad of paper.
 So okay, all the worst case scenario, right listening down, right him down, right him
 down.
 We looked at him all and then we started going through him.
 So okay, is that really that bad?
 Okay.
 I think a lot of times we have the worst case scenario running through our heads and there's
 little pieces that it seems so live and vibrant, the right, ah, and so we try to ignore
 it.
 And then we try to get it back and forth to you to write it down.
 You write it down and write it down and worst case scenario, what does that actually look
 like?
 And then you got to look at that directly in the eyes and be like, I'm okay with that.
 And we started going through this list one at a time like, okay, worst case scenario,
 you lose your house.
 Why is that such a big deal?
 It's like, well, I love my house.
 Like, yeah, but like there's tons of houses like you lose it.
 You get new one like, like, would you be okay if you had to get into a house?
 Like, yeah.
 Okay.
 Well, what about the next thing?
 We went through thing by thing by thing.
 And um, and after we got through all of them, he was like, oh my gosh, like I kept in my head
 it was such a big deal if I lost all this stuff in reality, it's not that big of a deal,
 like I'd be okay.
 And as soon as he became completely okay with the worst case scenario, it was like his hand,
 the handcuffs broke off his hands and now he was able to move forward because he could
 risk it.
 If he risked and failed, it didn't matter anymore because he was okay with the worst case scenario.
 So for all you guys, the first thing I would tell you is like, you've got to figure out
 what is your worst case scenario and you got to be able to look at it.
 Like I usually written down so you can see it, look at it and say, I'm okay with number
 one.
 I'm okay with number two.
 I'm okay with number three.
 It'll unlock you, the fear, unlock the frightening, you know, all those things that keep me back
 and you can start moving forward.
 Okay.
 So that's the first thing I want to share with you guys.
 Number two, right now, as you know, there's tons of companies that are shutting down and
 which means like the business owner who's risked all their time, energy money, for
 the last however many years are losing things.
 The employees, those people are losing things.
 I think again, it comes back to this worst case scenario, but the worst case scenario in
 those situations are I have to declare bankruptcy, I lose my entire business, I lose my livelihood.
 Now why don't you guys understand, and I'm such a big founder of George Washington and
 the founding fathers and when they came to this country and they set up the nation,
 they set the constitution and one of the greatest gifts that our founding fathers gave
 us as entrepreneurs were the bankruptcy laws.
 I think so many times in our mind, right, off I go bankrupt, I lost everything and like
 my life is destroyed and say, no, no, no, no, you don't understand.
 These were a gift from God, a gift from our founding fathers that they were given to us.
 So us as entrepreneurs, we could try things and we could risk and if we failed, it wasn't
 like, oh, you failed, go lock yourself up and you're in jail for the next 50 years of
 your life.
 Like you fail, you get it clear.
 It's a reset, you can reset and you come back and do it again.
 I can't tell you how many of the hyper-successful people I know have gone through one or two
 or three different bankruptcies.
 I just want you to understand that like, because I know that there are going to be
 so many of you guys who go through this process that are like, it's the worst case scenario,
 it's going to happen for some people.
 So me guys listening to my voice right now, we're going to go through bankruptcy, you're
 going to lose everything, you're going to lose your house and it's going to be like
 this scary thing.
 And as long as you again, one number one, look at the worst case scenario and be like, I'm
 okay with that.
 And then number two, looking at like the bankruptcy, like, look, this is a gift.
 I'm able to reset and start over and like, and look at this as a new beginning, like
 if you have to, like hopefully you don't have to, hopefully the things we've been teaching
 you will keep you from that.
 But I want you to understand that if that has to happen, it's okay, it's not the end
 of the world.
 And so those are the first things I want to talk about.
 So I think so many times we get so scared of what could happen that we just freeze and
 we don't do anything.
 I need you guys to unfreeze.
 Your people that you're serving need to, your employees, your staff, your community, they
 need you to unfreeze.
 And so the worst case scenario is keeping you from moving forward.
 We need to look at that straight in the eye and be okay with it.
 Be okay with bankruptcy, be okay with losing your house, be okay with it.
 Whatever those things are, you've got to become okay with it.
 It's funny now that, you know, we've been in such a positive time for since the last
 crash and how many people, how many entrepreneurs do you know who are like, man, you know, 2008,
 I got destroyed, lost everything, lost my house.
 It was the worst, the most painful thing ever.
 But I became smarter.
 I reinvented myself.
 I learned more and I built this amazing company over here, right?
 The same story is going to be happening now.
 Okay?
 If you want the happy ending, you got to go through the turmoil.
 You guys, if you've gone through any of my books or my training, you know the hero's
 journey.
 We're in the middle of it, right?
 We're going through the journey of transformation right now.
 And now is the time for all of us to start transforming, right?
 It's time for us to become better, become smarter, become the people we need to be to
 be able to serve our community.
 So, all right, last thing I want to share before we go into Q&A's, I actually heard Rachel
 and Dave Hollis on their podcast here at this quote and I was like, this is amazing.
 And I found it posted on my personal Facebook wall.
 But I want to read it to you guys as well because this should give you peace.
 It did it for me at least.
 After I read it, I was like, huh, all right.
 And it was just like this release.
 So I want to give this to you guys as a gift and then we'll move into Q&A.
 Okay?
 So here's the gift.
 So this is from C.S.
 Lewis and this was during 1948.
 So it was the peak of World War II, the atomic bombs, all that stuff, right?
 And so they were living this A bomb, the atomic bomb age and everyone was freaked out and
 scared to death to do anything.
 Again, they were locked up to, like, "Ah, like, if a bomb explodes, then we all die."
 And this is a quote from C.S. Lewis, who by the way, C.S. Lewis is the man, K.S.
 was not sure, but he is amazing.
 So this is a quote he said, speaking about his time, his age.
 And I want you to listen to this with ears of like, this is like, my time's different,
 but man, it's the same.
 Okay?
 So here we go.
 All right.
 From C.S.
 Lewis, it's called "On Living in an Atomic Age," which is why I titled this Facebook Live,
 "On Living in Coronavirus Age."
 All right.
 In one way, we think a great deal too much about the atomic bomb, insert coronavirus.
 How are we supposed to live in an atomic age?
 I'm tempted to reply, "Why is you would have lived in the 16th century when the plague
 visited London almost every year, whereas you would have lived in the Viking Age when
 the raiders from Scandinavia by land and cut your throat any night, or indeed as you
 are already living in an age of cancer, an age of syphilis, an age of paralysis, an
 age of air raids, an age of railway accidents, an age of motor accidents.
 In other words, do not let us begin by exaggerating the novelty of our situation.
 Believe me, dear Sir or Madam, you and all whom you love were already sentenced to death
 before the atomic bomb was invented in Sir coronavirus, before the coronavirus was invented.
 And quite a high percentage of us were going to die in unpleasant ways.
 We had indeed one very great advantage over our ancestors and aesthetics, but we have
 that still.
 It is perfectly ridiculous to go about whimpering and drawing long faces because the scientists
 have added one more chance of painful and premature death to the world which already
 bristled with such chances in which death itself was not a chance at all, but a certainty.
 This is the first point to be made and the first action to be taken is to pull ourselves
 together.
 If we are going to be destroyed by an atomic bomb or by a coronavirus, let that bomb come
 when it comes, find us doing sensible and human things, praying, working, teaching,
 reading, listening to music, bathing the children, playing tennis, chatting to our friends over
 a pint and a game of darts, not hold together like frightened sheep and thinking about
 problems.
 They may break our bodies.
 Microbe can do that, but they need not dominate our minds.
 Oh, that chills again.
 What?
 That is the best quote you guys have ever heard.
 It is amazing.
 So I hope you guys read that.
 If you search CS Lewis living on atomic age, you can find it.
 You can print out, read to your family, read to your kids.
 I think of my personal Facebook profile, not my business one, but my personal Russell
 Brunson.
 I posted on the wall there.
 You can see it there.
 Copy and paste it.
 Share it.
 Please.
 I'm just kind of messaging that people need to be hearing right now, not the garbage that
 is supposed to be on the news.
 I actually have no idea.
 I don't know how to listen to the news.
 So, yeah.
 Anyway, should I read it like with the coronavirus in there?
 I'm going to read one more time with the coronavirus in there.
 In one way, we may think of a good, in one way, we think a great deal too much of the
 coronavirus.
 How are we to live in a coronavirus age?
 I'm tempted to reply, "Why as you would have lived in the 16th century when the plague
 visited London almost every year, whereas you would have lived in the Viking Age when
 raiders from Scandinavia might land and cut your throat any night, or indeed as you are
 already living in the Age of Cancer, in the Age of Syphilis, in the Age of Paralysis,
 in the Age of Air Raids, in the Age of Railroad Accidents, of car accidents, of one of the
 other things we're dealing with, in the Age of Motor Accidents.
 In other words, we do not let us begin by exaggerating the novelty of our situation.
 Believe me, dear sir, dear madam, you and all whom you love were already sentenced to
 death before the coronavirus was ever invented, and quite a high percentage of us were going
 to die in unpleasant ways anyway.
 We had indeed one very great advantage over ancestors and ascetics, but I say penicillin,
 or whatever, but we have that still.
 It's pretty ridiculous to go about whimpering and drawing long faces because the scientists
 have added one more chance of a painful and premature death to the world which already
 bristled with such chances, and in which death itself was not a chance at all, but a certainty.
 This is the first point to be made, and the first action to be taken is to pull ourselves
 together.
 If we're going to be destroyed by the coronavirus, let that virus come when it comes, find us
 doing sensible and human things, praying, working, teaching, reading, listening to music,
 invading the children, playing tennis, chatting with our friends over pint and game of darts,
 not huddled together like frightened sheep thinking about coronaviruses.
 They may break our bodies, a microbe can do that, but they cannot dominate our minds.
 Oh, so good.
 So yes, Lewis, totally is the man.
 All right, hopefully I'll give you guys some faith and some hope to keep on going today.
 Okay, and here's your FAQ and A time.
 So I got a bunch of Q&As, they've came in about all sorts of stuff from Twitter, Facebook,
 Instagram and LinkedIn.
 So my team went through a bunch of them found some of their favorite ones, so I'm going
 to try to answer them live right now with you guys, if you're okay with that.
 You guys okay if I were to deliver.
 So I'll make sure because I can go back to bed.
 You guys okay if I were to deliver.
 Everyone's cool.
 All right, if you're okay with that, I'm in.
 Okay, here we go.
 Question number one from Twitter, this is from @ManualMarcino.
 It says, "I know you said sales photos work for any niche product or business, but according
 to your experience, would you give your top five niches where you can skyrocket sales,
 doing correctly of course, thanks in advance."
 Okay, so sales funds work in all businesses, but what are the best ones?
 Okay, this is really simple.
 When I look at businesses as the whole, I break down a couple of things.
 They're like, there's businesses like the top and it breaks down to a couple of things.
 There's like the product based businesses, like people selling products.
 Then there's like the service based business, which people selling services.
 Yeah, that's the first tier.
 So if all businesses, you selling a product or you selling a service, then underneath
 that it breaks down like, okay, if you're selling a product, is it information product?
 Is it physical products?
 Is it whatever?
 Like you have a couple of them types of products.
 And services, what kind of services?
 Is it a software as a service?
 Right, click files as software as a service.
 Is it a service like you're a dentist or a chiropractor?
 Is it a service like a financial planner?
 It goes from there.
 Right?
 And so for me, it's like, if you really want to look at like what businesses work best
 for sales, the funnel starts to very beginning.
 It works for any business selling a product, any business selling a service.
 Okay, boom.
 Then go one level deeper.
 Okay, what types of products?
 Physical products, info products, supplements, plug-in types of products.
 It works very good at that tier as well.
 And then same services, you go one of the tier lower.
 Software as a service, services as a service.
 Dentists, chiropractor, home cleaner, financial planner, everything, right?
 Like that's here, it works as well.
 Now, again, I think it works for all types of businesses, but it's going to, looking
 at that way, like going to tier down and tier down.
 And maybe there's some version of like services, financial planner services or financial, you
 know, you know, restaurant services and then like this weird thing that doesn't work.
 So maybe it gets harder to work, you know, down deeper in the thing, but honestly it
 doesn't.
 It gets easier actually, further deeper you get.
 So anyway, I think that's understanding that like the niches matter less as much as like
 the products and services.
 As far as like what niches work the best, it's niches that have people that are willing
 and able to spend money.
 That's the key you guys understand.
 A lot of times people are willing to spend money, right?
 But they're not able.
 So like they're willing like, I remember I had a friend who launched a video game course
 to teenagers and all these kids who were, they were willing to spend money.
 They wanted to buy that thing, but they were not able.
 They didn't have money, right?
 Well, the flip side of that is people who are who are able to buy something, but they're
 not willing.
 Okay.
 One of my friends Joel Erway, he came during the inner circle.
 He was selling coaching to, if I remember right, engineers and engineers were able to
 buy.
 They had the money, but they were not willing to buy for coaching.
 They did not want to coach, right?
 Like they, this is a different mindset of a person.
 So the best niches or niches where people are both willing and able to spend money.
 So one of those niches, okay, will go and look online.
 Like where's commerce happening right now, right?
 And if you can't, if you're like, I can't find anyone selling something similar to this
 market, okay?
 It means that that market is probably not willing or able to buy it.
 If you're like, everybody selling this market is like, ah, yes, because they're willing
 and they're able to buy it.
 Those are usually a better spot to start not a worse spot.
 Okay.
 Now, great question for Manuel.
 Next question from Twitter is from @economyspark.
 Because everyone at home right now is the cost of ads, is the cost of ads skyrocketing or
 is offset by other industries holding back in the moment.
 Okay.
 So I'd say this is, it depends on the market.
 Most markets, as the whole ad costs have dropped.
 It's like a big funk.
 Okay.
 There's so much fear.
 There's tons of companies like, ah, I'm afraid I'm gonna cut my marketing, which is
 ah, the dumbest thing.
 It's like, oh no, I scratched myself.
 Let me shut my heart off so it doesn't, so I don't bleed out.
 Like if you share your heart off, you die.
 Like you guys realize that, right?
 You're just like, yeah, that's what's happening when you cut your marketing budget.
 But that's the thing people default to because they're like, ah, I'm spending money here.
 I need to cut it out.
 And it's like, ah, don't cut out the lifeblood of your company.
 Cut other things.
 In fact, there's a really, really, really good book.
 And I'm gonna blank it out right now.
 I bought a copy for like everyone, my management team to start listening to.
 I think Stephen Larson was one that told me to buy it initially.
 But this is something, I'm looking at Amazon.
 It's a fake fire order real quick while we're talking.
 But now is the time to be cutting like the unessential things.
 Don't be cutting the things that are like what you need.
 You know what I mean?
 Like marketing is what you need.
 You know, blend your company's what you need.
 Okay.
 The book's called Double Your Prophets in Six Months or Less.
 Send it away to cut costs.
 Oh, we go.
 Send it away to cut costs and your profits in Six Months or Less.
 I'm on my phone and my iPad here.
 I'm gonna take Instagram over there first.
 Instagram, here you go.
 That's what the book looks like.
 I highly recommend reading it.
 It'll give you seven things to cut costs.
 And it's not a clear advertising budget.
 Okay?
 So, I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I'm gonna take a look at the book.
 I post offers every week.
 I'm thinking about doing this.
 I'm putting it out of this.
 The majority of them, I never do.
 Nobody ever comes in there.
 Nobody raises their hand and gives me money.
 I never do them.
 I'm just putting it out there.
 I'm only one out of ten of these things
 that I've ever done before.
 Next question for Facebook.
 This is from Shanna Smith Scott.
 I have not actually pre-read these questions.
 We could bump into one that could be a nightmare for me.
 In case I had Crash and Burn.
 Shanna Smith Scott is a better-to-use OFAC
 to get already established,
 but currently unsuccessful business to thrive,
 and start a new business with a bang.
 A lot of years I'm at the one funnelway challenge.
 30 challenge we have people go through
 to figure out their first or the next funnel.
 Her question is,
 "Is it better to use one funnelway challenge
 for my existing business that's struggling,
 or should I do a new business that's going to be brand new
 and a shiny object?"
 The question is, it depends.
 There are so many markets that said
 4,500 offers, or four, or five,
 I think is what I said.
 Anyway, sorry.
 Come back.
 I'm at the one-front funnelway challenge.
 The answer depends.
 If you've got a business,
 and it's, I mean,
 if you think there's something there,
 I just have to figure out the,
 I have the right product,
 but what's the how?
 I got the what, but what's the how?
 How am I going to actually sell it?
 If that's the thing that's keeping that business
 being successful, go through the OFA challenge,
 looking at through that lens,
 like, how am I going to sell this product?
 I've got to figure out the right hooks,
 the right stories, the right offers,
 all that stuff, figure out the how,
 and then blow it up.
 If you're looking at business,
 like this business is dead,
 like the chance of survival is almost nothing.
 But, so, you know, like, I can figure it out,
 I can figure it out,
 I'm all that passionate about it,
 then I would say then start something new.
 Okay, so if you have the right what,
 like the right offer,
 the right thing people want you to sell right,
 then yes, use the OFA challenge to amplify that.
 And if you're like, the what over here is just not working,
 nobody's buying it,
 then go through the OFA challenge,
 the one-frontalway challenge,
 with the lens of like,
 kind of creating something new from scratch,
 and I'm excited about,
 like, I got energy that I'm passionate about.
 And if you're not a member of the one-frontalway challenge,
 we start one every, I think,
 about every two weeks,
 one-frontalway.com,
 100 bucks, best 100 bucks that we spend,
 and burr,
 unless you're hungry,
 then that's probably better.
 But this would be the second best thing you spend 100 bucks on.
 Alright,
 Facebook question number four,
 from Jason Green.
 How do you keep going,
 knowing very little,
 are listening to your message,
 even though you truly believe it's positive and important?
 Oh, good question, Jason.
 So how do you keep publishing when nobody's listening,
 even though you feel like your message is positive and important?
 So, I was lucky.
 When I started,
 my first podcast was called the Marketing in Your Car Podcast,
 which later became the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 It was marketing in your car,
 and I did it because I was driving,
 my business had just collapsed.
 I had no more customers.
 Like, everything was,
 it was like the worst time to start a podcast, I thought.
 But I was like, I got something,
 I need to do something.
 To start this podcast,
 I would do it while I was driving to the office and back.
 And I didn't know how to do a podcast initially,
 so we set it up to some, like, crappy little system,
 the Dintrack sales, or stats, or anything.
 We just, like,
 excuse me, set it up, I started podcasting.
 And three years after I launched my podcast,
 I was going live at least three times a week for three years.
 Then finally, like, like, you know, my business failure,
 like, turned around, which I haven't success again.
 And about that time is when we decided to shift it to the
 Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 And so we shifted over to a new system,
 and the new system tracked ads,
 or not tracked ads,
 tracked downloads and stats.
 And as I moved it over,
 I also saw how people were downloading.
 I was like, oh my gosh, this is so cool.
 And I realized that, like,
 if I would have seen my stats the first three years
 of me publishing,
 guess what would have happened?
 I would have had to press notice, stop.
 Luckily for me, I never saw the stats.
 I just kept going, kept going, kept going.
 And eventually, people found me.
 There's a quote in the Traffic Secrets book,
 not if I'm trying to plug it again,
 but if you ever have a chance to read it, it's in there.
 It's a, it's a, a quote in the blog post from Nathan Berry.
 And the blog post,
 the title was "Endure Long Enough to Get Noticed."
 And we talked about how, like,
 a lot of times, good TV shows,
 things like that, or in season two or three
 before you see them, right?
 And, and he's like, why is that, why is that so?
 He said, the reason is because there's so much content
 being published out there that, um,
 that us as humans, we naturally wait for the best stuff
 to rise to the top.
 And so, um, part of publishing, part of it's, you know,
 there's two really big reasons why we're publishing.
 Number one is for you to find your voice
 and get more comfortable, right?
 That's why I go live on this and talk for four hours
 and just be completely fine because I've done this so many times.
 Like, I found my voice, I feel comfortable, I know my stories,
 I know, you know what I mean?
 Like, I found my voice.
 That's the first reason why you're doing it.
 The second reason is you're doing it long enough
 that your audience can actually find you, okay?
 And that might be six months, might be a year,
 might be two years, but it doesn't, it doesn't matter.
 If you really care about your thing, it shouldn't matter.
 You're just talking because you love it.
 And just publishing is like part of it.
 You gotta publish it and promote it, right?
 You publish it and then share it on different places
 and try to get people and like, like, there's other things
 you should be doing to try to like, boost that.
 But, but a big part of it is, number one, you're finding your voice.
 Number two, you're doing it long enough that people can find you.
 And so it's got, it's important to be consistent.
 So don't get discouraged.
 Like, don't get down at all.
 Like, I had three years of podcast episodes before anyone
 was probably even listening.
 And that's okay because now, guess what?
 They're listening.
 But it's because I was consistent for an extended long period of time.
 All right.
 Thank you, Jason.
 Great question.
 All right.
 I think, is this the last of my Facebook question?
 Oh, a couple more Facebook ones.
 Okay.
 Next one's from Leanne Johnson.
 Wokely.
 I probably said that wrong.
 Sorry, in advance.
 How to stay the course when it feels like everything around you is crumbling.
 I've been able to switch my business from brick and mortar to all my
 virtually in a couple of days adding massive value.
 But how to manic panic and fear in clients?
 How do you get them to not want to cancel the financial fears?
 All right.
 A couple of things.
 Number one, a lot of them are going to cancel due to financial fears.
 That's okay.
 Okay.
 It doesn't mean you should go cut your, you know, like, I actually saw you were like,
 oh, my products are free now.
 I'm like, oh, why would you do that?
 Because now you just crippled yourself.
 And you crippled them.
 Now they're expecting freebies to the rest of their life.
 They're going to strike.
 They're not going to be successful with people.
 Right?
 Like when your kids try to learn to walk and they fall down to just like, like,
 kick them up and be like, oh, no, like you let them figure it out a little bit.
 And then that's part of it.
 The other part of it is like, if you're not careful, you can destroy your own business
 by doing that.
 Right?
 Like you, it's, it's like the whole, when you're in the airplane, you know, and the mask
 comes down.
 It's like, put your own mask on first.
 You don't die before you like save your friends because you save your friends and then
 you both die.
 Right?
 Like you got to protect yourself as well.
 So I see all those companies are cutting their prices, making them free and it's like,
 it's not the right strategy, you guys.
 It doesn't serve them and it doesn't serve you.
 Especially like right now with ClickFunnels, we've got 400 some odd employees all around
 the world.
 And if I all of a sudden like cut my, my, my costs in half, guess what?
 I got to lay out half my staff, which means now I can't support the customers, which means
 everything starts crumbling really, really quickly.
 Okay.
 And it's very important for you guys to stay the course and be okay.
 If you love to leave, that's okay.
 They leave.
 They'll come back when they're okay.
 You got to be okay with that.
 Like that's not, that's not your problem.
 That's, that's their problem.
 And you got to, you can try to serve and you can do things.
 You can, you know, like, like whatever you can do, but it's just important for you like to,
 you got to be consistently doing it.
 So that's, that's a big part.
 The other thing about staying the course, and I shared this two weeks ago, right at the
 very first Facebook Live kind of talking about the coronavirus and I'm going to share a story
 again.
 I've shared so many times with my team and other people, but it's, I share because it's
 true.
 And hopefully this picture of this in your head will help inspire you.
 But think about, um, uh, Forrest Gump, right?
 The movie Forrest Gump.
 And hopefully you guys have watched this as I talked about it.
 I haven't watched it again yet, but I want it.
 But there's a scene in Forrest Gump where Forrest Gump and Lieutenant, they're like the worst
 shrimpers ever and they're losing to everybody.
 All these big, huge shifts out there just destroying them, right?
 And some of you guys may have been in that situation last few years, like looking around
 and like, I'm a little dog and this big pond, everyone else is beating me up, everyone else
 is business and make more money, blah, blah, right?
 And then, uh, all of a sudden the storm comes in, right?
 And what does Lieutenant Dan and Forrest Gump do?
 They go out on their boat and they, in the middle of the storm, start going crazy and
 they're partying and they're jumping around and they're having fun and like, they're just
 doing this thing.
 And while everyone pulls their, pulls their boats off and like puts them on the dock, like,
 I'm not doing anything during the storm and wait until it's over.
 They have to sit back and they wait, right?
 But because they're on the middle of the storm fighting with their boat and with their,
 with their, uh, with their people and with everything to keep it alive, and when the storm
 calms the seeds, their boats in the middle of the ocean still alive.
 And you look around and all the boats around the harbor, all the boats around the coastlines
 are destroyed and then they're the only boat left, right?
 And you look at that and what happens?
 In the movie they become bubblegumptian factory and they become billionaires and all this stuff
 and like, while it's a cute little story for a movie, it's, it's the reality of the situation,
 right?
 The people who can hang on, who are able to survive and stay the course during this time,
 are the ones that are going to win.
 Okay?
 And so it doesn't mean you, you, you may not be as profitable over the next two or three
 months or six months or who, who knows what that is.
 That's okay.
 Like right now it's the time.
 So I said, go read the book, double your profits in six months or left.
 Like, ever should go read that book is got 70 ways to cut costs, increase yourselves and
 dramatically improve your bottom line.
 Like go read that book, you feel what things to cut and that way you can stay up here
 and you're not getting sucked under and you're, you're, you're, you're, your business
 aren't dying, but you're able to stay protected.
 You're, you're doing that kind of stuff there.
 And then, and then, and then on the other side of it, now it's like you're stable and you're
 in a spot where now you can grow these people that, the people that they used to come that
 aren't able to come anymore who are financially freaked out.
 Like that's okay.
 Like that doesn't be freaked out.
 Like, like wish them luck.
 Have them go and like, when, when you're back, when you're able to come back and you feel
 good, then come back at that point.
 But don't freak out right now.
 Right?
 We have a lot of people who cancel click phones accounts.
 I'm like, I hate that.
 It's like, it's okay.
 Like go hear your, your fairs and work.
 Like there's things more important than when you're done.
 We're going to still be here.
 Come back and I will be here to support you at that point as well.
 Okay.
 So anyway, hope that helps Leanne.
 I believe in you.
 Be brave.
 You can keep doing it.
 All right.
 Next one from Facebook, Alec Jepsen.
 Hey, also my questions.
 How long should we try one funnel before pivoting and attempting another?
 I want to do everything I can, but I also don't want to waste my time.
 Hope that was very clear.
 Thanks for all you do.
 Okay.
 So, Alec, good question.
 Yeah.
 Well, a lot of people lose a, they put up a funnel.
 They try something that doesn't work.
 And they're like, ah, I'm out.
 I wish everybody had the new, so the new.com secrets book.
 I added a chapter at the end called funnel audibles.
 And it's all about this concept of like, most funnels fail the first time, even for mine.
 Okay.
 It's okay to understand that.
 So you build the funnel out there and then you drive some, say spend a thousand dollars
 in traffic or 500, you can do $500 in traffic and you go and you see what happens, right?
 You let it go through the whole thing.
 And what's going to happen is if you do that, you drive a bunch of traffic because a bunch
 of stuff happens at the end of it.
 Hopefully you made your $500 back.
 My goal is always that.
 Like if I was to sell one customer something, like if I'm testing a webinar funnel, right?
 So let's say I have a webinar funnel.
 I'm spending a thousand or the products a thousand bucks.
 I'm going to invest a thousand dollars in ads because I know if I sell one product,
 I break even, right?
 So I spend a thousand bucks to ads.
 They go through and hopefully one person bought and broke even if so cool.
 Now we have a funnel that can work.
 Okay.
 If I spend a thousand dollars ads and nobody buys, it's like, ah, the funnel might not
 be good.
 But then I can step back and look at the numbers.
 Okay.
 How much should I spend per click?
 How much should I spend when someone comes to the landing page?
 You know, how much should I spend per lead?
 How much should I spend per webinar registry?
 Like I'm looking at all the numbers along the funnel, right?
 Whenever someone tells me, oh my funnel doesn't work.
 I'm like, what are the numbers?
 I thought, I don't know.
 I'm like, okay, well that's why it didn't work.
 You don't know your numbers.
 Like when I ask that question, like what were your numbers you should be able to say,
 okay, well I spent a thousand dollars in ads from that.
 I was spending $3 per click from that from a thousand dollars ads.
 I got, I got 180 opt-in.
 So I was paying, what's that?
 $8 an opt-in or whatever.
 And then from there we had 12% showed up, or 18% showed up.
 So it cost me whatever per show up.
 And then we sold one at the end, right?
 So if you told me those numbers, I look at that and say, okay cool, $3 per click.
 You know, is that good or bad?
 Okay, boom.
 And then how much per opt-in?
 How much per lead?
 How much should you spend?
 And you're looking at those numbers and I can look at that funnel and be like, oh, well
 the ad cost was good.
 The landing page cost was good, the show rate was really low, right?
 So how do we fix that?
 How do we get more people to show up?
 Or is like, this, you know, the ad you're spending, you're wasting much on clicks.
 The ad sucks, right?
 Or the ad was awesome, but nobody's opting in.
 We just know which page to fix.
 So I usually go through three or four different iterations now.
 I'm looking at the numbers, seeing which piece wasn't working and then make the tweaks and
 changes, try and try and get in.
 If within three or four times it's not working, I'm like, this must not be the right offer.
 There's something wrong that's just not here yet.
 Let me try a different offer.
 Let me try a different thing.
 Okay?
 And so, yeah, I'll just spend three or four times testing a funnel with different traffic
 sources and seeing first.
 Yeah.
 So hopefully that helps.
 But yeah, don't be afraid.
 We have this two edits thing with entrepreneurship, right?
 It's like, I don't quit.
 I don't quit.
 But it's like, but if something's not working, you should quit.
 Like not the business, but the project or the funnel, right?
 I had a friend when I got started, he had been in business for five years.
 He'd written an e-book.
 He was trying to sell it and nobody was buying it.
 And he was like five years in and he still was trying so hard.
 Nobody was buying it.
 And remember, I'm like, why don't you create a different product, different service?
 He's like, I just spent so much time on this project.
 I can't abandon it now.
 And I was like, oh, you're spending another five years.
 It's just, it's not a good offer.
 So I get a product.
 Nobody wants it, dude.
 I'm so sorry.
 You have to be able to be honest.
 Like, does the market actually want this thing?
 Okay, we talked about it a little earlier.
 If you're coming in now, make sure you watch this whole video, but we talked about, if
 you got the what and the how, like, what does the market actually want?
 So what do you want to create?
 What does the market actually want?
 And if you're doing some funnels and driving some traffic, nobody's buying, then the market
 probably doesn't want that thing.
 Next question, Facebook.
 From Gabriel Closer, beginner here would love to know how to target the correct audience
 for product.
 I'm about to launch.
 Well, you should definitely step in one, not that I'm pitching this or anything, or in
 the middle of a book launch, but there's this really big book called Traffic Secrets and
 Teachers.
 You had to do that.
 You can go for free and traffic seekers.com, discover shipping, but we'll talk about that
 a different day.
 Because today we're talking about these other things.
 The biggest thing is that that should have been a question, again, I talked about this
 earlier, that should have been a question you asked before you, you said, "How do I
 find the right audience for product and mental launch?"
 You did it out of order.
 The order needs to be, "I need to find the audience first and figure out what they want
 and create a product for them."
 Okay?
 So if you listen back to what I talked about, maybe 10 minutes ago or so, that's what I'd
 be looking at is, "What is the, where's the audience first?"
 Okay?
 So I'm like, "You got to figure out, you got to get a step forward on traffic seekers.
 Who's my dream customer?"
 The question number two is, "Where are they actually congregating?
 I need to go find those people."
 So I get, I figure out who they are, where they congregating.
 And then I go to those congregations and say, "What are the things they're complaining
 about?
 What are the problems they have?
 What are the frustrations?
 How can I serve these people?"
 And that's how you come with your product, your ideas.
 It's like looking at what, the congregations of your dream customers, what are their fears
 and complaints, their problems, the things they need more help with.
 We need to build click funnels because I'm in tons of entrepreneurial groups and everyone's
 frustrated about how hard it was to build a funnel.
 "Oh, we should just build this up for the big funnel."
 It's like, "Boom!"
 I did.
 It was handy on a silver platter.
 I'm not a genius.
 People are like, "R
 you suck at telling your story.
 You don't know how to tell a message.
 You don't know how to get something."
 So I was like, "Hey, book number two."
 They want to learn to tell a story.
 They'll be like, "The second book, expert seeks about how to tell their story inside
 their funnels."
 That was book number two.
 And then I listened.
 People were like, "Man, my funnels are good.
 And things are working.
 I just wish I could grow up.
 I can't scale it because I don't know how to get traffic."
 They're like, "Oh, you don't know how to get traffic?
 Oh, I don't know how to get traffic.
 They need to write a book about it."
 It's not me reinventing the wheel.
 I'm not a genius.
 It's like, "Oh, Russell's so smart.
 You're so good."
 No, none of that.
 I just listened.
 Who's my dream customer?
 Where are they congregating?
 And I insert myself in these congregations and I listen.
 I listen to the podcast.
 I'm in the Facebook group.
 I'm in the blogs and listening to find out exactly what they want.
 Ryan said, "Have you ever had breakthrough advertising?"
 Great question.
 All right.
 Nice one from Shanna Smith Scott.
 He's a better user.
 Oh, that question is asked twice.
 So we're good there.
 All right.
 We're moving on to the Instagram.
 Instagram, we got some questions from you.
 I've got a couple.
 So, Instagram number one from @luisdecarmejo.
 Probably pronounced that wrong.
 Sorry in advance.
 What are some tools you use to find your dream customers?
 So my big secret is any market that I enter into, I am already, like I am the dream customer.
 Right?
 Like if I'm going to build a business, it's like, I'm working things I'm already passionate
 about.
 So I don't know for me, I'm passionate about marketing.
 Right?
 So I'm already in all the marketing circles.
 Right?
 I'm already reading marketing blogs and I'm listening to podcasts.
 I'm already there because it's a market I'm passionate about.
 Right?
 I'm into biohacking.
 So I listen to all the biohacking podcasts.
 I'm in their Facebook group.
 I'm in the see like, like if I was just going to business, like I'm already, like I am
 one of my dream customers.
 I'm already in that market.
 I would know exactly what those people need because I'm one of those people.
 And so the question is like, what are the tools you use to find your dream customers?
 It's me.
 And I'm like, where do I go right now?
 Right?
 That's the big part.
 This is something we used to do back in the day that I shared on an interview so people
 freaked out about.
 I don't know if this is still around, but there used to be a site called, I'm sure it's
 still around.
 It's called Stumbled Upon.
 And I used to sit in my bed at night and then stumbled upon, you can put in keywords of
 the stuff that you're interested in and you click the button called Stumbled and it would
 find different sites that you might be interested in.
 And so that's how I would find like, here, like where are the sites of my dream customers
 are on?
 I sit in my bed and just click on the Stumbled Button.
 It's like, oh, there's a blog.
 I never seen this blog before.
 Let me follow it.
 Oh, there's someone's email list.
 I kept clicking through.
 I just find these random sites that have used my topic.
 And from there, I started, I met a ton of my dream partners from that.
 So it's just got a cool little sneaky thing you can use to go find where your customers
 are hiding now.
 Next is your own question from Brandon R. Wall.
 I was going to start a business, but then the economy crashed.
 Can I still be profitable out of the gate or should I wait for when people are more likely
 to spend money?
 They're buying different things though.
 Perry Belcher, when my buddy is here on survival life, this is the busiest his business has
 ever been.
 The toilet paper people, the hand sanitizing, there's money there.
 It's understanding what are people buying now.
 I'm not like, I'm going to wait for people to buy again.
 No, no, no.
 People are still buying.
 So understand that.
 What are they buying?
 That's where you insert yourself.
 What are they buying?
 Don't believe in this conception they're not buying now.
 They are.
 Now is the best time to start a business.
 People are spending, and they're not spending like, right now, they're hoarding their money because
 they're not spending on, and when a movie's or restaurant's they've got money and they're
 blowing online.
 Okay, our business is up right over the last two weeks.
 A lot of businesses are up over the last two weeks.
 Okay?
 So now is the perfect time.
 Just make sure you pick a business like buy what people or sell what people are buying,
 right?
 Find people buying and sell that.
 That's a big secret.
 Find people are buying and sell that.
 Next one is from @ReadPretty.
 How do you present offers in a time when everyone is financially impacted?
 Great question.
 How do you present offers the right way?
 I talked about this in a couple of Facebook lives this week, but I'll share it here as
 well.
 In the first secret of traffic, secret book, I talk about when you find a dream customer,
 you have to understand that people are going to come to you because they're moving in
 one of two directions, right?
 They're either coming to you because they're trying to move towards pleasure or they're
 trying to move away from pain.
 Okay?
 And what's interesting is over the last eight to ten years we've been in a great economic
 time.
 Most people bought your products or services because they were interested in moving towards
 pleasure, right?
 So they bought because they wanted to get six pack abs.
 They wanted to get a nice house, nice car.
 They wanted to be ripped.
 But whatever the product service you sold, they were trying to buy a product service because
 it was going to move them towards pleasure.
 Okay?
 Two or three weeks ago, everything shifted.
 Wherever got it into a state of pain, right?
 And the companies are going to succeed at the ones who look at that and say, okay, right
 now everyone's in a state of pain.
 How do I transition my product, my service instead of being something that moves you
 towards pleasure, but it gets you out of pain.
 The product doesn't have to change, but the marketing of the product does change.
 Does that make sense?
 You got to hear your goal is to shift so you can pull people and get them out of pain.
 But you understand that that's the big secret.
 That's the big key.
 I was talking to Dean Grassi, you'll see about this.
 Dean, you know, this amazing guy during the last recession, he had an infomercial teach
 people how to make money in real estate.
 And Dean at the time is like one of like 50 people who had real estate infomercials.
 And then 2008 hit boom, market crashes boom, no one's buying houses anymore.
 And they went from 50 infomercial dudes to 40, 30, 10, 12, and all of a sudden there was
 just one.
 His name was Dean.
 And Dean for the next like three years ran infomercial success for three years.
 And everyone else is like infomercials don't work anymore.
 No one's buying real estate.
 The markets crash.
 Like, yet Dean, not only did he keep doing it, he succeeded and he thrived.
 He has best years during this whole crash.
 And I asked him, I was like, what's the difference?
 Like, how come everyone else just got destroyed?
 And you didn't?
 And he said because every other infomercial was telling people, it was selling them towards
 pleasure.
 He's like, I changed my infomercial.
 I made a new one.
 And my infomercial was showing how my product, my service is a life preserver in times of economic
 uncertainty.
 I help people get out of pain.
 Boom.
 Same product.
 Different marketing message.
 50, 40 out of the people didn't get it and they got destroyed and demolished and Dean
 survived and thrived.
 Okay.
 So understand that like, how did the product and service that you sell, how can you repackage
 it in a way where it's getting people out of pain as opposed to moving them towards pleasure.
 And in about two years from now when the economy rebounds things shift back like they
 always do, that's when you transition message again.
 Now, now people are out of pain.
 Now how do I transition to moving towards pleasure?
 And that's when you'll see the huge lesson growth in your companies.
 All right.
 That's it from Instagram.
 You guys ready?
 We're going to link in.
 Here we go.
 Linked in.
 Mike Wohlpert.
 I've been concentrating on what's next living in the moment and long range vision.
 Wait, I've been concentrating on what's next living in the moment and long range vision
 aren't so useful right now.
 What can we do next to get ready for the recovery and the emerging new world of business?
 We all kind of need to do something.
 Let me hear your take on that.
 All right, Mike.
 Great question.
 I was listening to Simon Sinek this morning talk to his team about stuff and the videos
 and kind of floating around so you can probably find online.
 But it was interesting you were talking to his team.
 He's like, this isn't new.
 He's like, this stuff happens all the time.
 Obviously the corona thing was faster than we thought and more severe than we thought.
 But this happens all the time, right?
 Where things get demolished.
 And we start understanding it's not that money disappears.
 I think there's this false conception like, oh, the money's gone.
 We're all screwed and say, no, no, no.
 Money's still there.
 Right?
 In fact, there's going to be more.
 There's going to be something like $2 trillion.
 I don't know.
 I don't want to use the news.
 I heard $2 trillion in the economy.
 So the more money's getting dumped into here, right?
 So there's money.
 It's not disappearing.
 The money's there.
 You have to understand more in a time of wealth transfer, right?
 Wealth is going to be transferring to people, different people.
 And so to understand that, we're going to get that money transferred to them and those
 who don't are going to lose their money and it's going to be transferred away from them.
 And so I think it's still planning for the long term.
 It's not that we need to stop thinking about what's next and planning for all those kind
 of things.
 But it's understanding like right now we're in the greatest wealth transfer problem.
 Probably of all time.
 More people will become financially hugely rich during the next couple of years than ever
 before in history, right?
 You look at all the biggest companies that are the biggest companies today, the brands
 today, they came out during the Great Depression.
 The big tech companies and all about today all came out during the last recession, right?
 This is the time to be growing.
 This is the best time to be planning and strategy.
 What's next?
 How can I serve people right now?
 But you've got to shift.
 It's not like how do I do the thing I did before better.
 The shift is in what is the new thing I'm going to be doing?
 How do I serve people in this new world?
 Because the world's changed and it's not going back, right?
 We literally were about to close it on an office space.
 I think they were trying to sell to us for like $15 to $20 a square feet.
 And the guy came back last week and said, "I'll give $2 to $5 a square feet," right?
 Nope, not worth it, right?
 Like a lot of businesses are done.
 Now we're working home.
 This is actually great.
 Like, "Why do we have all these offices?
 I can cut my end cut million dollars a year off my budget by getting it all to the offices.
 I don't need an internet.
 We can do these things, right?
 It's not how do we get back to where things work.
 It's like looking at the world shifted sweet.
 Now how do I prepare myself?
 How do I create products and businesses in this new economy?"
 Right?
 That's the shift we guys are making.
 Next, I'm going to link this from Joel.
 I said, "I'm a student graduating May 2nd of ceremony anymore.
 I haven't been able to find any jobs for then.
 All of my leads have dried up, so it looks like I'm going to be starting my own business.
 Congratulations!
 This is great for you.
 I have a model set.
 I've been building and optimizing LinkedIn profiles for individuals and digital job search.
 This is something I've done as a freelancer for a while, but I haven't taken it full
 time before."
 All right.
 I make good news for you guys.
 A lot of you guys could have been way more successful, but the problem was you were super
 comfortable.
 Yeah, I just said it.
 You've been really comfortable.
 You had a good job.
 You're like, "Hey, you guys read the book, the book good to great."
 If not, he starts the book saying that good is the enemy to great.
 Most people don't have a great marriage because they got a good marriage.
 Most people don't have a great business.
 They got a good business.
 Most people don't have a great life because they got a good life.
 All right?
 I think for the last decade, for a lot of you guys, it's been good.
 So you're like, "Yeah."
 And right now, you just got good taken away from you.
 Right?
 And now, it's like, "You've got to do something."
 The pain just got amplified.
 You have pressure.
 You've got leverage now to do something amazing.
 As crappy as it is for a lot of people, I started talking about bankruptcy.
 A lot of people even go with the bankruptcy.
 It sucks.
 But guess what?
 It's going to be enough pain now, enough leverage to actually create something.
 Because good just got taken away.
 If you want to create something great, now you got leverage to actually do it.
 So for you, congratulations, Joel and Pumphrey.
 I'm so glad that your job is all dried.
 Guess what?
 You're going to have your center next 30 years of life miserable doing something else.
 And now, you got to offer your not into something good to do something great.
 And now is the best time in the world.
 Like sharpen your sauce, sharpen your skills, do LinkedIn pages for people is amazing.
 Become the best in the freaking world of that.
 Become the...
 So anybody on planet earth is like, "I need a LinkedIn page."
 Like, "Well, she got a hired Joel.
 He's the best in the world."
 Like, that's what you got to be looking at.
 Don't be like, "I want to be good at this."
 I want to be like, "No, become great.
 This is your window.
 This is your chance."
 Okay?
 You have been given such a huge gift that you don't even know right now.
 And you're freaking out thinking it's a curse, but it is not.
 It is a gift for all of us who are listening.
 For anybody who will pick it up, it is a gift.
 And they say in the scriptures, many are called and few are chosen, right?
 We've all been called.
 You've all heard of it, but very few are chosen.
 Why are they not chosen?
 Because they don't pick it up.
 So my challenge to you guys all to Joel, but for everybody's listening is it's time to
 pick it up.
 Okay?
 You've been too comfortable for too long.
 This is the greatest thing that happens to you.
 It's forcing you to get leverage on yourself.
 For forcing you to finally read the book, to finally figure out ClickFunnels.
 It's been insane the last two weeks.
 We used to get 15,000 people a day signing the ClickFunnels.
 Right now we're over 30,000 people a day.
 Twice as many people to log in every day and I'm like, "Alright, I've had this account
 for years.
 I've been paying the bills.
 I haven't logged in yet."
 And like, "Now I gotta find the login."
 Right?
 Okay, now we got some leverage.
 We got some pain.
 And so the best thing for entrepreneurs is pain.
 When we turn up that pain, it gets us to work.
 So you've been comfortable too long.
 So look at this as a blessing because it is.
 Alright.
 Let's see.
 Where are we at?
 Wait, is that the end?
 What?
 Are you all from Twitter, Facebook, Instagram?
 What do you think?
 Holy moly, we did it you guys.
 I just like to argue today.
 Was that fun?
 Alright, I want to do something.
 You guys have a cool fight this real quick.
 I started with this quote, but I want to read it one more time just because I think it's
 what I just want to end capital with this.
 I've read it like 10 times.
 I've read it twice to you guys right now.
 I'm going to read it one more time and then we're going to rap for the days.
 That sounds cool.
 Alright.
 So again, this is a quote from CS Lewis in 1948.
 You're talking about the A-bomb.
 I'm going to replace A-bomb with coronavirus.
 This is my closing thoughts for you guys.
 I want you to hear it.
 I want you to feel it.
 I want you guys to understand it.
 And I don't want to break free from all the fear and start moving forward.
 If you need more of this, you guys start back from the very beginning.
 I shared some stuff very beginning talking about looking at the worst case scenario and
 understanding and becoming okay with it.
 All the things you need to break your fear so you can move forward.
 If you missed it, start back over when we get done off the live and go listen to that
 part of gang so it'll help you.
 But this is a quote from CS Lewis during the 1948 in the middle of the A-bomb scare.
 Everyone's freaked out.
 Everyone's frozen at home.
 It's not leaving because they don't want to get blown up by A-bomb.
 And this is what the man, CS Lewis said.
 I'm going to replace A-bomb with coronavirus so that it's more applicable to all of us.
 I'm going to liken this to you so you understand it for yourself.
 In one way, we think a great deal too much of the coronavirus.
 How are we supposed to live in a viral age?
 I'm intended to say, why as you would have lived in the 16th century when the plague
 visited London almost every year or as you would have lived in the Viking age when the
 raiders from Scandinavia might land and cut your throat any night.
 Or indeed, as you already live in an age of cancer, an age of syphilis, an age of paralysis,
 an age of air rates, an age of run rate accidents, an age of motor accidents.
 In other words, do not let us begin by exaggerating the novelty of our situation.
 Let me say that again.
 Do not let us begin by exaggerating the novelty of our situation.
 Believe me dear sir or madam, you and all of them of you love were already sentenced
 to death before the coronavirus was ever invented.
 And quite a high percentage of us are going to die in unpleasant ways.
 We had indeed one very great advantage over our ancestors and aesthetics.
 But we have that still.
 It is perfectly ridiculous to go about whimpering and drawing long faces because the scientists
 have added one more chance of painful and premature death to a world which already bristled
 with such chances in which death itself was not a chance at all.
 But certainly this is the first point to be made and the first action to be taken is
 to pull ourselves together.
 If we're going to be destroyed by the coronavirus, let that virus come when it comes, find us
 doing sensible and human things, praying, working, teaching, reading, listening to music,
 baiting the children, playing tennis, chatting with our friends, over pying in a game of
 darts, not holding together like frightened sheep and thinking about the virus.
 They may break our bodies.
 Microbe can do that, but they will not dominate our minds.
 Oh, so good.
 See us, Lewis, you are the man.
 Anyway, thanks you guys.
 I appreciate hopefully this helped today.
 I had a good time.
 If you missed anything, definitely start back at the beginning.
 I talked at the very beginning about some stuff I think is really powerful about understanding
 the worst case scenario, becoming okay with it so it'll unlock the fears so you can move
 forward because some of you guys right now are locked in fear.
 If we don't break that, you're going to crumble underneath the pressure of it.
 It's not a time to be fearful.
 It's time to be okay with the worst case scenario.
 Look at the face, be like, "I'm in.
 Let's go and start running."
 Again, if you missed that, when this video ends, you can go back to the very beginning,
 push play and start going through it.
 I think you guys are going to be hanging out today.
 I appreciate you all.
 I'm going to go play with my kids.
 We're going to go do some fun stuff for the next 25 hours until they pass out, which
 I'm excited for.
 I got the energy for it.
 So, I think you guys appreciate you all and have an amazing weekend.
 Bye, everybody.
 Hey, everybody.
 This is Russell again, and really quick, I wanted to invite you to join arguably the
 best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community.
 It is a challenge we call the One Funnel Way Challenge.
 Everyone in their business and their life, they're one fun away from something.
 Some of you guys are one fun away from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one fun away from getting more impact.
 Some of you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level.
 We created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business, this challenge is going to help you understand
 the strategy, help you understand the tactics, help you understand all the things you need
 to be successful with your funnel.
 So, I recommend you do right now.
 Stop everything.
 Pause this audio.
 Go online and go to OneFunnelWay.com.
 That's OneFunnelWay.com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days, so go get started right now.
 OneFunnelWay.com.
 [MUSIC]
