 Hey, good morning. Welcome back everybody
 We've got some more Q&A's from the econ versus experts smackdown today for the marketing series podcast and today's question is one
 I think a lot of you guys are probably wondering right
 I guess if you created a product and it's you're trying to sell you're trying to sell it not no one's buying no one's buying like
 Like when do you when do you quit right?
 We're always talking I don't be a quitter don't be quitter
 But is there a time to quit is there a time to keep going like how does it work?
 So the question is how long do you stick with the product is not working before you pivot try something different?
 This is a great question from the smackdown and I think you guys will enjoy the answer and hopefully you learn a ton
 From this from both Allison and I so with that said I'm queuing up the theme song and then we come back
 You're gonna find out how long do you actually stick with the product?
 It's not working and if it's not working do you just give up or there's other things you can do like maybe I'm maybe I'm close
 Maybe like an inch away from success, you know
 And so that's kind of with this episode and this question is all about hope you enjoy it and I will see you guys soon
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right next question is from Denise Smith
 She says how long should I stick with a product or strategy that is not working before I should pivot to a different product?
 What are some things you do when a product isn't working for for you before you move on?
 Oh, that's a really good question. So good. That's a good one
 August of my thoughts and then I'm gonna open up to that I find out more what your product is but
 This is the there's two sides of this right?
 I've seen people who have a product that they want to create their passion
 Whether obsessed with it and then they created it and wasn't with the market wanted and they kept trying and trying and trying to
 Point where they end up losing everything like I literally had a friend when I first got started
 He'd written this book
 The ebook and it wasn't a very good ebook and the top it wasn't good
 And he spent two years trying to sell trying to sell trying to sell and I asked him like why you try something else
 He's like I invested so much time and energy into this
 I can't try anything else and he never made success and I haven't seen him now in a decade and a half
 But there's other side to where the click phones like we built click phones
 We launched it and it was like crickets and then I did it again and again and again and it's been three or four
 And like the sixth time is one of like it caught and started taking off
 And so there's kind of that fine line of like is this this thing a dud?
 Marlon Sanders if you guys know Marlon, he's one of the original OGC had a whole presentation
 He did one time about dead ducks don't quack. He's like if you have a dead duck
 He doesn't quack like you need to like let it go
 But you have to find out is there dead duck or is it just duck that I haven't like hasn't learned how to quack yet, right?
 And so that's kind of the the the question and so I be curious to know I don't think I added you do
 I'm curious to know like what the product is and where kind of you are in the timeline because that might help us to give you a
 Very specific feedback as opposed to like, you know, so I switched products
 and I
 Big geek here
 I switched products because I spent a year and a half doing exactly what your friend did and I put something out in the market that
 I thought young people would need it was are you ready green entrepreneur?
 Millennials don't want us to tell them how to get organized and I could say they need it and my husband kept saying
 But they don't want it but they need it
 So much time and that was my problem is I spent a lot of time and energy there and a lot of money and I have not pivoted
 I've started actually completely I've gone into the health system like Tracy did this morning
 I'm going in and I'm now teaching because that my real passion is teaching
 Women my age post post-menowatt post mental calls of women
 How to lose weight the healthy way without being without crazy diets and everything else and that's where my cash is
 So my question is I have that and I will continuously show up on that because I'm crazy
 But as I have products how long would I like it?
 And I'm just building it like just started this week
 So if I put a cookbook out there how long do I try to keep selling the cookbook before I just say well no one wants this
 And obviously this time I'm going to use to ask them I think I'm asking before I just do but so that's my thing
 It's how long do you keep that necessary to do a program
 But products within the program if they don't work
 Well, we and by the way my husband and I'm just gonna be a geek here
 I was I was trying to figure out my husband's like you always say do what was a special esper so
 So one thing to think about too is
 Like you said that the product didn't work
 But the interesting thing is the product actually is fine. It's the positioning of the product
 So if you're gonna go back to that first business my guess is you were trying to think again
 You're telling them what they you're trying to sell them what they
 What they need even out what they wanted so I was the same thing with quick fun
 I was trying to sell an issue like what they knew like you guys need this and
 Like but that wasn't the messaging that they wanted
 I had a position differently for them to be like oh I think I need that like I or excuse my vice versa
 I want that like I want that right but it wasn't me changing the entire product
 It was changing the positioning and I've had multiple products where I've launched it and it bombed
 In fact David Fry is a close friend of mine. He had a very interesting one. He had it was actually similar market
 he was trying to teach students how to
 How to get good grades like you get in good colleges
 He's tried targeting students forever and messaging them towards students and for years tried and finding just about to give up on it
 And then he realized he's like the kids aren't the ones who care about getting a grades
 I'm gonna call just the parents
 So we took the same product didn't change the product at all just changed the sales letter the messaging from hey as a kid
 You can get your grades like hey, how would you like your kid to get better grades?
 How'd you like to get in the search?
 Speaking the whole copy spoke to the parents and how the thing was gonna help and he shifted that shift to the ad shift to the
 Targeting and boom the whole thing blew up
 So a lot of times the product's not doesn't have to restart. It's just the positioning. How do we position this?
 Right if you think about this like the way even this program like there's there's things that people want like you guys want
 Right, but there's all things you need and so it's like we talk about the things that you guys want
 But then we're fulfilling also we give you the stuff that you want
 But we're also giving you stuff that you need right?
 It's like your parents just to like give you ice cream if you eat your vegetables like or whatever your your things like and so marketing's all about that
 Like we want to deliver exactly what people need because they were educators were trainers like we love that
 But what do they want?
 We got a sugar coat and position away
 They chose off with the parts that they want and then we can give them what they want
 But then like really serve them with what they what they actually need
 You know it's fascinating
 They mean does this program to CCX alone?
 It's like yes, everyone wants the fun
 It's gonna hit in the marketing done it up
 But like what most people actually need is the mindset stuff and so we're giving what you guys want you're coming
 You're gonna do channels funnels econ funnels, da da da da da da da but man we have momentum coaches because what you actually need is
 This like that's what people actually are keeping away, right?
 And so we're sugar coating and we're positioning away that we get people in so that'd be my my take on the old business
 And if that one's done
 I'm fine with that like you moving on to this other one
 But just the same thing's gonna be true with this one is understanding that like hey because you're gonna be passionate about this
 All stuff you need like you need to go on diet. No one's gonna die
 You got to eat healthy and all honesty healthy
 So it's like hey, how do we how do we position this in a way that's exciting?
 Like this is what they actually are wanting and then we can still give them everything they need but we're we're
 You know we're positioning a way that that gets them gets them excited to go on and buy otherwise
 They're not gonna buy it and did you guys just see what happened there?
 Like I was kind of looking on the outsider. You have this amazing product
 We saw it we see it right and you're like I'm just ready to trash it and Russell's like
 I don't know just tweak it a little bit instead of sending selling to the
 The millennials or the kids or whatever sell to the parents right just a little little tweak all this hard work that you've done
 All the money that you've spent
 That's awesome. You just switch it just a little bit
 That's what happens on these hot seats and the two CCX program and some people are just like
 I'm just gonna get to do this anymore. They want to ditch it and we're like no no
 That's still really good. That's still really good
 You just have to change the positioning of who you're selling it to so that was fun
 Awesome, thank you and tell your husband I
 So good
 Now all right now all your hot seats every day if the rest of our lives is way better than anything else
 That's awesome
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in
 The future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost twenty thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter calm. Not only you can get the twenty thousand dollar gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
