 Hey, what's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast
 Today I want to share with something that's almost like a part two from podcast a couple days ago. I
 Shared everybody how I am
 Doing some of my traffic secrets. I'm not publishing every day. I'm out working my way on tons of platforms
 And a lot of people said oh of course that's you Russell
 But does it work for other people so that's what we're talking about today
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right my friends so
 There's this weird thing and you if you don't have it yet you'll find it when you start trying to teach educate people and it's a frustrating thing because
 all the time
 When you share something that you did or you're doing or whatever
 People always think because you are you that you are superhuman despite the fact that you are very human by the fact that I'm very human in fact
 It's it's interesting because
 You know I
 It's just funny because like I'm like the most normal person of all time like well you're Russell Brunson so boo
 I'm like what does that even mean like I Russell Brunson's means that I've been doing it
 I've just been following the process. I believe I got not skeptical
 I don't think I want if this is I gotta just do it and I just do it and keep on doing it and so
 It's that you know the last episode I talked about how I'm literally practicing their preach
 I said go and work your way and then now that my book is launched. I'm working my way and I'm doing you know
 More podcasts interviews in the last week than most people do in their entire lifetime
 And it wasn't hard and I go it's not hard because you're Russell
 I'm saying no you don't understand you're missing the point. So I found an example one of my friends named Eric Lofelm and and
 He January of this year he posted something I was like January 1st and and
 Anyway, I was doing a group. I was doing a
 presentation for my ClickFunnels Collective group is our highest level coaching clients and I did a big presentation
 So I'm not gonna share all of it
 But there's one slide I want to share because I think
 Hopefully it'll get the the wheels and heads spinning like oh my gosh. It's not just Russell. It's for everybody including me
 That's the goal. So if you say this is for me
 Including me then I've done my my job for this this episode
 So Eric Lofelm on January 2nd this year. He said gave speech number one of 2020 shooting for 550 speeches this year and
 I was like that's pretty cool and then
 The next the next picture I showed was on January 4th
 He said my goal this year is to do 550 speeches. So far I have been posting my year-to-day results
 I have I've had two people reach out to me to book me. Yay. No speeches today
 I'm at seven for the year so far a few people might have asked me what my definition of a speech is here
 It is I taught a talk that reaches two or more people
 This is so that's his definition of speech is a talk that reaches two or more people
 He said this includes the following guest speakers a guest speaker to sales meeting delivering a seminar being on a podcast delivering a webinar
 delivering a keynote or corporate training
 And so if you want me to talk let me know okay, so that's his goal. He said my goal is do 550
 speeches this year and his goal the
 Definition of the speech is when talking to two people or more at a time. Okay, so that's January 4th then January 6th
 He said I'm in I'm all in on my goal for 2020 here
 There's also today delivered five speeches had nine coaching calls booked two speeches created four pieces of content delivered one
 Sales presentation added two new members my team my speech goal this year is 550 for the year
 I'm at 12 speeches so far year to date and January 8th. He says three speeches today so far reached
 18 speeches so far year today and then January 9th three speeches today 22 speeches year today 550 speeches is my goal
 January 13th six speeches today 32 years today 550 for the goal and then January 14th eight speeches today and
 Then 40 speeches month today and then January 15th three speeches today 43 speeches today
 January 16th gave five speeches today 48 year today then January 17 to speeches today 50 year today
 And then January 20th five speeches today 55 years a day and then January 21st
 7 speeches 62 years a day and keeps going right January 23rd three more speeches 68 year today
 January 22nd three more speeches 65 year today January 24th
 Six speeches today 74 year today January 27th. I keep going good through January as you can see four speeches today 78 year today
 And then that's January so the first 30 days. He had 78 speeches year to date
 Okay, and then goes on in the presentation
 I showed then I showed February and I went all the way through March and by the last slide ahead March
 He had 202 by March 19th. Okay, I'm certain this because
 What Eric did and what I think all of us need to be doing and I'm doing so I'm I'm already on the bandwagon
 You know and
 Let me step back. I always talk about how like you should be publishing every day, right?
 And publishing is your publishing to your existing audience, right?
 You're posting a YouTube video day or a podcast today or a blog post today like that should be happening no matter what
 But I think that the thing that I've kind of done as the disservice is is
 Step one is your publishing stuff a step number two you have to promote what you're publishing
 So how do I promote that we have to get it out in front of new people so they can come into your world, right?
 So Eric's doing is he's going out each day
 And he's doing a presentation somewhere to get people to come back into his world so they can see what he's publishing on his own in his own
 World, right? He's going out and and and so
 If you think about that like that's that's the thing like you're giving these speeches these presentations or these interviews
 Where everyone to call them to get people to come back into your world come back into your funnels
 So that way you can get them to join your list right or follow you on YouTube or Instagram or subscribe to your podcast
 Whatever it is and then you can do your daily publishing. So it's kind of a two-step fault
 You're publishing daily right to build the relationship with your audience
 But then you're out there to giving presentations to other people's audiences to get those people like a magnet into
 Into your into your world onto your list into your your thing, right? I mean think about this right now like we
 With a traffic seekers launch I've probably done
 I don't know 40 let's say 40 you know, it's maybe more maybe less 40 interviews from those 40 interviews
 We've sold 30,000 copies of the book more than that now, but around 30,000 copies, right?
 And obviously other things like we emailed our own list
 You know, we were buying ads and stuff like that
 But a lot of it like I would say my my guess is at least a third of those sales have come from me going out there and talking
 other people's other people's platforms giving speeches giving presentations doing interviews
 Things that to get people back into my world and if it wasn't for that
 It was just me on my own list like I don't think I would have got past 10,000 books sold to my own customer list
 Right and so two-thirds of these sales have come from you know paid ads
 Which is probably a third of it and then me going out there and doing these things is the other third working my way and giving presentations giving speeches and so
 I want to share like so that again, it's it's back up with what I just said earlier, but second off is someone else Eric Lofopp who's
 You know, he's been doing sales training for a long time and he's set a goal
 I'm gonna go out every single day this year and try to give speech his goal is 550 speeches. That's more than one a day
 I think as I was reading some of his other Facebook posts. It was interesting
 He was talking about like, you know, at first was really hard and they started giving momentum
 He's like man every time I do a speech
 I get three other people ask me to do a speech and then I did that speech
 I get two other people and then it just starts growing and snowballing and so even when I told people on my Facebook page
 I'm doing a speech. I'm doing 550 speeches this year. He's like when I told people my goal
 He's like then people started messaging me and like oh do you want to do speech to my people and like yeah sure, right?
 I think part of this also is coming back to what we keep talking about which is your dream 100 like get your dream 100
 And then go these people and say look like I want to do a presentation
 I do a presentation for you today and start getting those people and pulling them back in so
 Anyway, I hope it helps because I want you just thinking about that not just I'm publishing every day
 But I'm going out and I'm giving presentations speeches whatever our column to get people from these other other people's fallings into my world
 I'm promoting my own content and promoting my squeeze page and promoting my stuff. I'm working my way in
 That was ways you can call I call it working your way in
 Eric calls like doing speeches. It's the same thing that's going out there to people who don't know who you are giving
 Presentations and then pulling them back into your world. Okay, and this is the way you can go out. You're basically I mean
 Right now in this this crazy economy is funny because everyone's so scared to sell
 I'm seeing people who are scared to death. I think they're gonna offend someone by selling them like look
 Look at it differently. Look at it. You're going out to serve you go into these to these different congregations
 You give your presentation you're serving you're allowing people to come back to learn more and from there
 They opt into your to your to your squeeze page or the registering for your webinar there subscribing to your podcast or following on YouTube
 Whatever it is you're giving your serving egg in the time right now people need it
 You're gonna go out there with your voice and serve and get people in and then after they're in now
 You have a chance to continue to serve them help them and then from there you can sell them your products your services
 But because you led with service you led with giving a presentation pulling them back giving them daily content like all the things
 We've been talking about for forever
 Now when you ask for the sell it's like man this guy gives so much this girl gives me so much like yes
 I'm willing to give them money. I'm not mad about I'm happy about it like it's personally serving their face off
 Yes, I will definitely invest my money with them versus somebody else. So anyway, just a just a fun way to look at it
 So if you get nothing else from this
 In fact, you know what I'm gonna tell you a story
 So when I was I remember back in the day, this is probably a decade ago
 Article marketing was the thing I used for articles post my article directories would drive traffic to you
 And I remember because when I learned that and it doesn't work today
 So at least not like it used to so don't quote me like this is a traffic secret
 It's not but it was like a loophole that we had for a while in the search engines
 And so we built a team where we were publishing 10 20 30 articles a day
 Right if I get traffic articles, I need as many articles as possible and memorize it's master my meeting and
 This guy gone stage. He's talking about getting traffic and and he's like I'm trying everything
 I tried article mark and tried everything and I asked him I said how many articles a day do you publish?
 He looked at me said
 Based on the way you asked that question. I know I'm doing it wrong. I go. What do you mean?
 He's like I've published two and I'm like ever he's like yeah
 He's like I was doing article market published two articles and I didn't get in traffic
 I said that's the problem. I said you know the question again is how many articles a day are you publishing?
 Okay, so my question for you is like if you're like I tried to get interviews and in any made leads remain traffic from you
 The question bank well, how many how many podcasts a day are you on?
 Okay, that shifted that shift perspective for you
 I'm glad that Eric Lofolm that he didn't send you say my goals to sell 300 use 365 presentations
 That's meant I got to one a day. He said 550 right which is more than that so means I need to do more than one a day
 Okay, and also when you do that it's like ah your brain starts looking for opportunities
 How do I do it? How do I you know after each presentation man?
 I need I need more presentations
 Maybe I at the end of my presentation if anyone wants me to a presentation like this to your list or to your company
 Let me know and then also an open up another door in another door
 But when you ask a different question
 You get away different answers. So how many?
 Podcasts how many interviews how many speeches did you give today? That's my question for you. All right with that said appreciate you guys
 Hopefully you got something from this keep pushing now
 It's time to serve people are luating for you go out there and talk and share and serve and if you do that they will come to you
 They will follow you there everybody right now silently begging to be led for jay brand said and they are looking for you
 So don't be quiet be loud right now. It's the time they're waiting for you. Thanks so much you guys. I appreciate you
 And I'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job
 Some you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand this strategy
 Help you understand the tactics hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side
 You go online and go to one funnel way calm
 That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge there's a challenge starting in the next few days
 So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
