 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to marketing series podcast today. I am
 Coming to you from inside of my wrestling room and I want to talk about
 Something that I think will get a lot of you guys started very very quickly
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing series
 All right, everybody so
 So let's have wrestling practice this morning
 But I woke up super early the day before and so I got super tired last night
 I passed out before I could text the guy who comes and wrestles with me
 To let him know we're gonna Russell so I'll come this morning and there's a text from him late at night saying we're wrestling and then
 Yeah, he is already
 Apparently he stayed up late last night and then slept in this morning
 So I'm in the wrestling room right now just to lift by myself and usually I'm hidden here with people. This was kind of weird
 This is my little sanctuary those who haven't watched our YouTube channel at all, you know that my house is kind of like my
 My compound we've kind of made this place kind of crazy. So I have my own wrestling room. I have
 And eventually other really crazy things, but it's like my sanctuary is a wrestler
 I always wanted something like this and it's just the coolest thing in the world and this
 External garage in my backyard. So I'm out there right now singing the rest of my ads. I just got on working out and
 was just thinking about something that I
 think I
 Think in fact, I'm gonna challenge all of you guys to do this
 all I'm throwing out a challenge because
 I was just thinking like if I was to start from scratch right now and maybe I don't know why it's actually
 I didn't know why it's in my head
 Today's about podcasted about
 Just really quickly you know finding two people to partner with who do other hard aspects of your business and then you just do the third one
 and
 Anyway, I think there's my working on a project right now that we're going live in like two months
 It's very focused towards beginners like hey if you were to start over from scratch
 What would you do so that thought and that question's been going through my head a lot
 Which is probably why these ideas keep coming up. So hopefully some of you guys benefit from them, but I
 Was thinking about this so if I'm lacking live
 Earlier this year, I did six presentations right and so for each presentation. I had to figure out a hook and a story
 and then teach a concept that was interesting right and
 So if you look at my presentations my very first presentation was like how to go from 0 to million million to 10 to 100
 So I was my first
 The first presentation right then the second presentation I gave
 Was all about go
 Was the second presentation the second one was funnel audibles so it was like
 No, excuse me the second one was conversation domination how to dominate the conversation so that when somebody pulls up their phone look at Facebook Instagram YouTube
 Pinterest wherever they're looking at like you you dominate that conversation you're everywhere right so conversation nomination
 number three was funnel audibles
 Number four was a 12 month millionaire and
 Number five and I came over top of head anyway, I had six
 and so for each of those like
 It was a presentation right and I tried to figure out like a sexy hook on each one like why would this be interesting to people like
 Why is not the same thing that you see on Instagram or Facebook a million times right log on Facebook and everyone's like
 My three-week masterclass on how to run Facebook ads, you know, it's just like everyone's thing is the same
 It's like how do you figure out a hook that's that's truly unique in
 Marketplaces that are flooded and most marketplaces that are worth being interflutted right so
 For me just like trying to figure out that hook and I spent you know a couple months before the event trying to figure out
 These different hooks and what would be most intriguing and exciting and I would like I would I would I would think of an idea
 And I'd go run it by Dave and call up people in the office like hey, what do you got this?
 I thought oh, that's cool. Then I'm like crap that was wrong. They're like holy crap
 I want to hear that presentation and I'm like alright cool. That's that's the right title
 And so it was just me kind of organically doing that right and so for you ever marketer
 And that's the first thing I do is pretend like you're gonna be speaking at funnel hacking live or whatever
 You know, let's say you're in in fitness
 Maybe it's paleo hacks like whatever the big event is right?
 Maybe you give me a TED talk or something but like envision yourself like I'm gonna be on stage giving a presentation on my topic
 And like you have to make this the sexiest the most unique most intriguing interesting thing
 Right you need a good title and a good hook of like a conversation nomination. That's a good title, right?
 And the hook is like how
 Basically hook was like TV back in 1963 was three channels ABC NBC and CBS and so people like Tony Robbins who won dominate the entire
 You know all media just had to be buying ads on those three channels. That's what Tony Robbins became Tony Robbins
 today
 You know, it's different
 TV got fragmented and I was like a thousand cable channels and so it gets harder to be successful whereas today our phone is the TV of
 1960s and the place where people are like 99% of the time is like YouTube Facebook Instagram
 So the question is how do we how do we have we dominate the conversation so that we are all we are all present in all those channels
 All the times when people open up any of those apps on the phone all they see is us
 so that's kind of that's kind of the the premise of
 That presentation hook in the story, right?
 And then I go to teach how to do blah, okay?
 Now this this type of presentation in your mind specifically
 This is not like a perfect webinar. I'm trying to break faults police
 Not kind of stuff like this time specifically teach me how to do something
 So I went through and showed you how to dominate the conversation each of the different platforms how they work together and explain the whole thing
 Right, so that was the that was the presentation. I think it was 60 or maybe 90 minutes long
 Now for you guys again, I'm what you do the same thing you're giving a TED talk you speak a funnel I can like speak at your event thing
 What is your thing? What's the what's the unique title for it? That's super intriguing
 What's the hook and the story that makes it's like really interesting then what's the how to teach people to get that result?
 You're promising them okay, and for all of you as you should have
 That or should be able to figure that out if not like that should that is your homework
 Congratulations stop surfing YouTube listen to podcast. It's time to figure that out pretend like you're given presentation
 Pretend like I just asked you speak a flocking live and you got to get on stage in like a week and give that presentation
 It's got to be sexy. It's got to have a good hook
 It's got a good story and you got to teach a really cool how to okay
 so for me I'm looking at the six presentations I get fun hacking live and
 Four of those presentations
 Maybe three probably three three of those presentations are really good. I could build an entire business off of that presentation, okay?
 so
 In fact paying June who spoke at fun hacking live he has were there he gave a presentation
 Called content multiplier and that was the that was the title right sexy title content multiplier his hook was like how I spend
 Three days per quarter with my camera
 That records all the content for all my social media channels at once and then and then he showed okay
 I spent three days as a recorder and then from there boom this we do and show you chop up the content moving around do all the
 the stuff right content multiplier, so
 That was his presentation now. He actually since then went
 And given I'm talking about he built an entire business around it
 He took his presentation and his slides and he made a little booklet made a free-plus shipping offer they upsell as you
 Video training course going to more death I exactly had to do it and they upsell as you from there done for you service
 Where they give you all the templates that you need to be able to actually do it right
 So you build a whole entire business off of this off of this one singular presentation
 Okay, if I was to do that for conversation domination I could do the same thing
 I could take my presentation make that you know put it on a CD or on a thumb drive or I could
 You know put the slides out and put it into a book get it transcribed make it a nice book
 There's a ton of ways I could turn that one title that one presentation into a really cool front-end offer
 You can be free-plus shipping it could be $27. It could be
 $97 whatever right
 then
 After that then there could be an in-depth training where seven meters doing an hour long presentation
 I'm going through in two days or three days like going in depth in that process and showing people behind this
 It's exactly how I do it and number three. I could have a done for you service
 On the back where I just do it for people fun a lot of both okay same thing
 I could take my presentation make a free-plus shipping book out of it or put it on put the presentation on it on DVD or mp3 player
 I've been upsell all of the templates we use to begin our our
 Our fun a lot of holes like today we build up funnels here's the templates we use these these are controls
 Control is the winning template. I'll give you all my controls. You can start from there
 And then on the back end I could I could do a high-end service for five grand a month
 I did the fun ottables for you you run the traffic we log in and we tell you what to change
 You come back to make those changes and we go back and forth and we do these audibles and that could be a service we sell okay
 We're not the presentations anyway for all my presentations
 I could build an entire business easily off of that thing and so some of you guys who are stuck like I don't know
 What to sell Russell? I don't know what to do. I haven't found my voice yet
 I haven't got but like all the different million excuses I hear all the time
 This is where you should start at like let's do something amazing make an amazing presentation
 I did my presentation. I didn't have this ugly PowerPoint slides a hired designer said this is called conversation nomination
 He make a really cool like design for this new little brand
 I'm launching and they did they designed a really cool thing like if you saw the presentation
 conversation nomination is really old TV that had like the TV channels on it and it was awesome if you look at
 how I did a
 Fun ottables was like this little clipboard
 Showing the lines and arrows and it was like a little funnel like football thing where they're calling ottables
 It was cool design right and then I gave the presentation so I got the video of the presentation
 I have my slides I gave you a transcribe and boom there's my friend end and now I'm really rockin
 I could launch six more mini businesses off my six presentations tomorrow
 I guess how fast it is so for you guys do the same thing, okay?
 This is your homework you need to make an hour-long presentation teaching the crap out of the thing you do
 Okay, and figure out exactly what that is but you got again. Don't just be coming to teach you how to do Facebook ads
 I'm gonna teach you how to lose weight because that's what everybody like that's the non sexy version that people won't give you money for
 What's the sexy version? What's the hook? Okay? What's the hook that makes sure isn't treating or interesting? Okay?
 If you go back a few episodes of the hook story offer episode I did here on marketing secrets podcast
 Listen that again. Hope you get ideas and get the wheels and heads spinning about hooks story offer
 Okay, so this so you just need a really good title
 That's the hook and then the story and then from there you can actually teach the how to behind it and I recommend what you do is go and
 You get the get the title get something to design some sweet looking slides
 It's just a title slide
 that has like the name of your thing and then like a little tiny logo you can finish slides and then make a presentation that you're
 gonna give for an hour okay, and
 And then that's gonna be your first product and then you're gonna open up if you're on if you're on a PC
 You use Camtasia if you're on a Mac you use screen flow or if
 Both those technologies are too difficult, which they're not they're super easy
 You your iPhone out and record yourself giving that presentation teaching that thing for an hour now you have
 You have everything you need to
 To create an amazing little business like overnight a million dollar your business done that fast, okay?
 The presentation is your front end you know free plus shipping is super low ticket. It's whatever that is
 Then your first upsell is like okay now. I'm gonna go deep dive with you for an extended training
 We get a membership site that goes through you know me showing you behind this is exactly how we do everything and like boom
 And then number three is done for you service where you do this process or piece of the process done with you
 Maybe we do part of it with them for really expensive
 And that's it you can do anything. I have a friend right now
 Monica Tanner who interviewed me for her podcast. He's a similar really close to us and
 I'm gonna actually tell her to go listen to sound because you have a listen to marketing podcast before but she should do this
 She wrote this little PDF teaching people how to like have a screen free summer
 Like she should take that PDF she should turn it into PowerPoint slides do a presentation for teaching it
 Make that a really low ticket free plus shipping or a I'll put it on you put it the video on mp3 player or something
 $7 you get a PDF version or something really inexpensive or say k boom go get go
 You know get this get this
 My presentation on how to do a screen free summer boom right and then the upsell now is like okay now now you understand
 You know the wise and how's and all that kind of stuff
 I'm gonna go deep and I'm gonna record myself in my own home showing you how we did this and then you upsell for
 $197 or for $97 or whatever it is is doing a deep dive course showing it
 so you actually show
 Behind the scenes a practical application of how you did that thing you talked about on the front and offer and
 Video tell self showing like going deep into all different things going to your house and like showing how
 How you set the things up how you how you help your kids how you give them to cope?
 Here's the the games you do instead. Here's like you also to keep them bored so they're not bored during the summer
 Here's the you know all the cool stuff that's like
 Since I was like yeah, you're right. I do need your screen free summer, but my kids are gonna drive crazy therefore
 I must give them screens right like do a deep dive course for 10 hours or whatever it is going through all that stuff and showing that
 Right and the back and then it's done for you traversers like look all get on the phone with you and your entire family
 We'll spend two hours on the phone and we'll you all hope you guys implement this inside your house
 You know throw face-time on your phone with walk around the house with you
 I'll set things up will show you what to do how to do it and boom for a thousand bucks or two thousand bucks
 You can do it done for you version where we actually help you implement this side house
 Okay, let's say you're doing a food thing and you're in the weight loss space industry, right?
 It's like how does this work for me?
 It's like a figure out a really cool hook. Okay, everyone's doing keto
 Yeah, everyone's doing that everything's different things like what's your hook? Okay, my hook could be
 The five is doing this maybe it's like how a how a wrestler who's cut over?
 3500 pounds in the last 10 years
 discovered
 The one secret
 That
 La that actually does something something out of life
 I'm not the weight loss industry. I'm not dead the burrito diet. I saw a guy
 The burrito diet like here's our lost 20 pounds eat nothing burritos like what boom?
 There's your free-play shipping a presentation showing how you do nothing but burrito diets, right?
 And then the upsells like okay, so so just burrito diet showed how to do burritos
 But the one thing about burritos is after you do like 10 of them you get really bored to the same thing
 So I'm gonna show you guys my 200 favorite burrito recipes on top of them
 I show you how to eat when you go home and how you do bubble and whatever it is right and it done for you services like look
 We'll get on I'll get on Skype with you or I get on FaceTime with you for an hour
 We'll go to grocery store
 I'm gonna buy all this stuff and show you how to make it
 We'll actually do cooking with Russell and we're gonna cook the stuff with you with your family that way you can experience it
 Make sure you cook it right
 I'll show you how much to put in and it'll be literally like having me as a chef in your corner coming through my phone
 Okay, anyway, those are horrible examples off top of my head
 But conceptually you guys get it like one presentation can and should build your entire business
 So it's time to create that one presentation stop what you're doing right now pauses the podcast
 stop goofing around on Facebook and
 Instagram and the you tubes and
 Let's make a presentation. Let's teach something really really amazing the keys though for starting again
 You have a really good hook really good story great presentation
 That's your front end product up sells thing gonna be you going deep training how to do it and then the second up
 So it's gonna be done for you service where we actually do that thing for them or with them
 Alright, you have your assignment. I expect to not hear back from you until your presentations done
 Thanks so much for listening you guys and I will talk to you on the next episode of the marketing secrets podcast
 Oh BTW if you got a few minutes, please go to iTunes rate and review
 Love to hear back from you guys some guys know
 We had to launch a new channel because I we got the iTunes slap and so our new channel doesn't have any make comments
 So if you love this podcast, please go and let me in the world know
 Some of you guys may be listening to us on our old channel if so, please come over go to iTunes search for marketing secrets
 Resubscribe to the new channel because the old channel will be fading out here in the very near future
 That said thanks you guys for everything and I will talk soon
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called
 Dot-com secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back fast startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
