 So, the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 What's up everybody?
 I want to welcome you to today, the very first day of the official Marketing Secrets podcast.
 I am so insanely excited.
 This is something, I've honestly wanted to change this for a long time.
 So for those who were just tuning in for the first time ever, for the last, I don't
 know now, four or five years, my podcast has been called Marketing Your Car, which I
 record while I'm in my car.
 It's been really, really nice.
 I've always liked it.
 I had the idea almost 15 years ago, a problem about the domain, maybe less, maybe 12.
 And then that's where my podcast first came out and then I didn't launch the podcast.
 And then a few years later, I finally did launch a podcast and I was like, "Oh, and I
 had a friend Paul Colgan who's one of the podcast's dudes and he had this guy read a
 jingle for me." It was kind of a cheesy jingle.
 If you listen to episodes one through a hundred or so, you heard it over and over and over
 again.
 But I was launching it so I was like, "I'm just going to do it and we're just going to
 use that one because why not?
 I got nothing else."
 So that's how the whole thing began and the first hundred episodes had that cheesy song.
 And as well as my car driving the office every single day.
 And then in that time, a lot of stuff's happened.
 We had this idea for ClickFunnels, we launched it and I documented a lot of that story behind
 the scenes, which was kind of fun.
 And how it basically went from zero to a million to 10 million to 30 million to, I don't know
 up to now, but it's a lot.
 In fact, I think this year will pass to $100 million collected through ClickFunnels since
 it began two and a half years ago, which is pretty exciting for me and for everybody.
 And you guys have been, had a chance to kind of see that whole progression and documentation
 of that, which is cool.
 And then, again, after my episode at 100, everyone kept telling me how much they hated
 the theme song.
 So, but I didn't have another one, so I just really quickly changed it by myself, which
 was kind of annoying.
 I changed it just to make it better, but it's still kind of, I didn't really love it.
 So episode like 100, maybe 250 was another one.
 And then at that time, we were launching Funnel Hacker TV, which is our online reality
 show, which by the way, if you're not listening, go to funnelhacker.tv and you can watch all
 the episodes.
 It's something I'm really proud of.
 Anyway, so I tried to match the theme song to that one and it kind of was okay, but wasn't
 as good.
 Anyway, so I've had a long time and desire to change it, even though like right now we're
 in the top 10 podcast in business all the time, and it's called Mark in your car, but
 still people are like, oh, you're that marketing your car thing, right?
 Like, yeah, but it's bigger than that.
 It's awesome.
 So anyway, a little while ago, John Reese, I saw on Facebook posted, he was selling marketing
 secrets.com and I was like, oh, that is it.
 I was like, what, that is the name of the podcast.
 That's because I can't rebrand something stupid.
 If I'm gonna rebrand it, I'll be something amazing.
 And then when I saw that, I was like, that's it.
 So we were able to get a domain name and now we're branding it.
 And then last week, I wrote a pitch for the intro and then I loved it.
 And then Steven, and then we recorded our sound booth and Steven went to audio editing
 and then I had Brandon make some video trailers and bumpers for it.
 And now it's all done and they're really, really cool.
 In fact, you should probably heard it today.
 If you're listening, if you're on YouTube, we're all supposed to be on YouTube.
 And in fact, I'm videotaping this right now.
 I've actually on my rear room here.
 I hooked my camera.
 It's kind of like Jimmy rigged, hooked on there.
 So now I'm gonna have video and audio version of each one just because I thought it would
 be kind of cool.
 So that's what we're doing.
 But anyway, it's turned out really good and I'm proud of it.
 Now a couple things, if you listen to the intro, you know, this one thing is I kind of
 made fun of as I often do.
 People that take on money in their business.
 That's what I actually want to talk about on today.
 Secret number one.
 So I've been listening to a lot of Gary Vaynerchuk lately and it's interesting because he's always
 talking about all these businesses and entrepreneurs and you've taken capital and what to do and
 what not to do.
 And then last night it was funny because he actually even said himself, he's like, I
 never took on money in my business.
 I made money.
 And it's funny.
 I've had other people who tried to convince me to take on money and then as I talked to
 them later, they're like, well, I would never do my own company.
 I'm like, exactly.
 So the interesting thing is I feel like people that take on money are cheating.
 I have a potentially going to be doing a keynote at a big famous university later on this year.
 I'm not sure it hasn't been finalized.
 I'm gonna kind of hold off the details until it is.
 But I just started writing a presentation because I got so excited.
 If I write a book number four, which I think I might, this will be the topic of the book
 probably unless I change it.
 I don't know.
 This is making a book number for us.
 So let's you only have two books right now.
 So we've got dot com secrets was book number one and expert secrets, which launched ended
 last night.
 We are almost 50,000 books sold.
 We'll probably pass that today, which is insane, especially when you put it in perspective,
 like New York Times, but most people sell about 10,000 copies to get our New York Times
 best selling list.
 We're 50,000 and we're not in the New York Times list.
 Why?
 Because they're punks, to be completely honest.
 They're reporting stuff, so I'll jacked up.
 I tried to get on the list with dot com secrets book and we sold three times more than we
 needed to and we still think on the list.
 So they're against people like me, people who like to sell books, weird New York Times
 best sell anyway, whatever.
 In fact, you go to rustlebrunson.com the first post.
 I'm kind of documenting my journey from zero to a million books there.
 And I tell the story about New York Times there.
 I digress.
 So book number three, if I decide to try a third book, which I think I will, I think
 this will be the trilogy and then the series will be done, but we have dot com secrets,
 expert secrets.
 And then I recently bought traffic secrets dot com from John Rees.
 And that'll probably be the third book in the trilogy and then it'll be done.
 And then from a separate standpoint, I wonder why to book about this.
 And I get this to be the keynote speech I give at this famous university if I'm able
 to.
 So the title is going to be stopped cheating.
 Stop cheating.
 And it's going to be like how we went from zero to $100 million and two, and you don't
 know exactly the dates going to be.
 We haven't crossed yet, but two, two years, 200 days, nine hours, whatever it is, $300 million,
 without taking on venture capitalists, adventure cash.
 Because I think that taking our cash is cheating.
 They think about this.
 If you were in a bodybuilding competition and everyone's competing, working their butts
 off, and then you came in and shot up steroids into your arms and your veins and your everything
 and you went out there, they would disqualify you for cheating.
 If you're in the Olympics and everyone's competing as athletes, they're all working hard, lifting
 ways, training, and you come in and you're doped up on steroids, you're in blood doping,
 all these other things, guess what they're going to do?
 They're going to kick you out for cheating.
 So that is the equivalent of what I feel taking venture capitalists.
 You're an entrepreneur, you're out there trying to build a company, and if you go and you just
 get a bunch of cash, then guess what you didn't do?
 You didn't freaking build a company.
 You cheated.
 Somebody gave you steroids.
 That's not real.
 It's not legitimate.
 It's all fake.
 I want you to understand that.
 It's a big deal.
 I have friends who play the lottery.
 I have friends who play the lottery.
 I think it's the cool thing and then I, you know, sometimes I win the lottery and then
 I'll be rich and famous like, you know, I'm like, you will never be rich and famous.
 Do you want to know why?
 Because if you win the lottery, you cheated.
 Nobody cares.
 That story is not interesting.
 Like you didn't earn it.
 You didn't deserve it.
 Like just because you got it does not mean it's actually yours.
 You cheated.
 And so that's cheating, right?
 And so the same way you don't win the lottery, the same way you don't do steroids, the same
 way you don't do all these kinds of things is the same way you should be taking on venture
 capital cash for your company.
 You should build a freaking company.
 You should bootstrap.
 You should do it the right way.
 And anyway, there's my rant for the day.
 And anyone who's trying to think otherwise is just stupid.
 Like, and a couple of reasons why, because number one, you're taking out money, right?
 So it means you're cheating.
 So anything you actually accomplish doesn't really count.
 That's my opinion.
 Number two, if you decide to take our money, it's not real.
 Can look at some of my competitors.
 One of them took on like 43 million bucks in funding.
 Everyone's taking on over $100 million in funding, something like that.
 If you look at both of those right now, can the people take on 43 million, like the venture
 capitalists, what do they want?
 They're not just giving you money because they think it's the cool thing to do.
 They want their money back and a bunch more.
 We had a bunch of VCs try to give us money and they all want like a 10 x return of them
 like five to eight years.
 Okay.
 So they give you 43 million.
 They want $430 million back.
 That's insane.
 That is insane.
 Like, I don't even know what to do.
 And so as soon as you write you that check, it's sitting in your pocket and now you have
 to stress about that knowing you owe someone $430 million until you pay that back.
 Like, anyway, it's ridiculous.
 It's the stupidest way I've ever heard to grow a business.
 Okay.
 The reaper always comes just like in like someday it's going to catch up to you.
 Always does this karma.
 So if you're trying to cheat to grow a company, that's it.
 So that's what I talked about in the intro of this podcast.
 A lot of people understanding like we build companies smart intelligently.
 That's the whole reason why we have funnels.
 The first venture capitalists who try to give us money and they must not listen to the
 podcast because I tease them a lot.
 But anyway, we're we're we have five or six now they've come in and tried to to give money
 for ClickFunnels.
 They're all all of them say the same thing like, you guys like unicorn.
 We don't understand it.
 We just want to give you guys a little lumpy piece of that.
 And and I keep trying to help.
 I'm trying to like understand like, okay, so if I give you if you give me 50 million
 bucks, what I have to give you back and they're like, oh, well, you know, you know, we're
 going to do this.
 I know you're going to do what I have to give you back because this is a this is a
 debt, right?
 You're just giving 50 million bucks to be nice.
 Like what we expect, you know, 10 X on our money in the next eight to 10 years, whatever
 that is.
 Okay.
 So I know you $500 million.
 Second, I cash that check every night.
 I'm stressing and thinking about how much money I owe you.
 I don't know about you.
 That's not a game I want to play.
 Anyway, so I'm sitting at lunch with these guys and they're trying to figure things out.
 And one of the questions was like, how much money does the cost for you to acquire customer,
 which is a very good question.
 Right?
 That's what they want to know.
 It's a good question for all of us.
 And if you watch Shark Tank, they always ask, what's your cost to acquire a customer?
 And so I kind of smile and as I'm explaining, because I know I'm not going to get it.
 In fact, I did an episode of Mark in your car a while ago called how to confuse the
 VCs.
 It was all about, right?
 And I was like, okay, well, we were spending about $120 to get a free trial and click funnels.
 And they're like, oh, cool.
 Okay.
 That's the number we can work with.
 It falls into the acceptable, whatever.
 Like if we give you, you know, $50 million, now you can acquire block customers, whatever
 that is, right?
 And I was like, okay, well, that's cool.
 No, but like we actually turned off those ads.
 And they're like, what, why, why did you turn it off?
 And I was like, okay, let me explain to you how funnels work, right?
 Which is our world.
 Okay.
 Me and you understand that they don't.
 Like I showed her, I said, look, right now we create front end funnels, things that get
 somebody into our world that it doctorates them into the things they need to understand
 to be actually be able to actually use our tool.
 And then we offer them a tool and we're actually profitable acquiring that customer up front.
 So for example, the expert secrets book launch, right?
 So we just sold almost 50,000 copies of the book in the last 30 days from those 50,000
 copies.
 We ended up, I don't know the exact numbers, but it was like 1.4, almost $1.5 million collected
 cash into our pocket to get 50,000 new buyers and like 120,000 opt-ins.
 Okay.
 So I got all those leads.
 We got cash into our pocket.
 And now this week we're doing training and stuff to introduce them into click funnels.
 So these 50,000 new buyers, I'll be like, Oh, here's the thing called click funnels,
 but I already got $1.5 million in cash to collect those customers.
 Get in pay 1.5 million to get them.
 Okay, if I was going to spend 50,000, if I was going to try to acquire 50,000 customers
 at, let's just say 10 bucks a piece.
 Is that right?
 Yeah, five, it cost me half a million dollars.
 But instead we got paid $1.5 million to collect those customers.
 Now we have them and that's just the customers.
 That's not counting the opt-ins like 120,000 new opt-ins came in.
 So those are not people that we can also sell in the click phones because they didn't buy
 the book doesn't mean they're not going to buy click funnels or other products and services,
 right?
 They're paid upfront.
 I try to explain it.
 So look, the way it works in our business is we have these different front end offers.
 So we come through and they buy the thing and we're profitable.
 So we've cost us $10 to $12 to acquire a book customer, but on average, we make, I think
 the average cart value before affiliates went crazy and jacked up our average cart value.
 But when it was like, it was stable, we average about $34 per book.
 So $12 and $34 out, so we were making $22 cash on every single customer that we brought
 into our world.
 That cash went into our pocket and I went to customer, I came in and I used to click funnels.
 And I explained that to him four or five times.
 The guy was like, I don't get it.
 So, and after four or five times, I think like the light bulb went off his head.
 He said, if that's true, if that really happens, he said that would change business today as
 we know it.
 And I kind of smiled, I said, I know that's what we're doing, that's what we're talking
 about.
 That's why we're unicorn, not because I'm smarter than anybody else because I understand front
 end funnels.
 If you read the first dot com secrets book, that's all I talked about.
 The person who can spend the most money to acquire a customer wins.
 Done.
 That's it.
 I can spend more money than lead pages to acquire a customer.
 I can spend more money than infusion soft.
 I can spend more money than all of my competitors could job you.
 Like anybody you may look at as a competitor, I cannot spend every single one of them, every
 one of them.
 There's not one person in my market that cannot spend me.
 And that's why we're destroying everybody else right now.
 Do you understand that?
 Like that is the key.
 So understanding front end funnels is the key to mastering this.
 So read the dot com secrets book.
 It'll help you understand this whole concept of whoever can spend the most money to acquire
 a customer wins.
 Now, if you know that, then you got to know a couple of things.
 Okay, well, how does a funnel work?
 How does a value ladder work?
 How do all these pieces tie in together?
 Okay, now if you understand those pieces, you're like, okay, cool.
 So I have a front end funnel that brings in customers profitily.
 And I've got a value ladder that sends them up through the different things I'm trying
 to do ultimately to whatever my main goal is.
 Now, after I'm sending people up to my main goal, then the second book, which is almost,
 I think a prequel, but the expert seekers book is now, how do you communicate with that
 audience?
 Okay, how do you tell stories?
 How do you sell?
 How do you convert?
 How do you do all those pieces?
 How do you make so all these pages in the funnel actually work?
 Because there's a whole bunch of people with crappy funnels out there that aren't
 profitable.
 Okay, there are so many people who are kind of understanding our world a little bit.
 I'm seeing some of these companies trying things out down there, putting up often funnels
 and things and, oh, some of them are so painful.
 I saw one from one of our confusing competitors and it was like, download our free white paper
 about blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and then the opt-in form had like 30 fields.
 And I'm just like, you guys are so stupid.
 Nobody wants a white paper.
 That's not sexy.
 Guess what's sexy?
 Free book, free script, but like, like, you've got to find something and crank up the sexy
 on it if you want people to give you money for it.
 Like, it's not, it has expert secrets about how you position yourself in the right way.
 How do you make things desirable?
 How do you create desire and belief in somebody's mind?
 Like, those are all the pieces you have to understand.
 And so it's funny while they call click funnels a unicorn, it's nothing magic, you guys.
 It's the stuff we talk about in the books, okay?
 And you have the books.
 They're there.
 Doc on Secrets, expert secrets, like, that's the stuff.
 If you've been listening to this podcast over the last couple of years, or if he's got
 an interview today, that's fine.
 Go back and listen.
 Like, all these things are foundational principles.
 We're tying in there, but it's all stuff you can do.
 Okay.
 So if I can say anything else, it's this.
 Don't cheat.
 You don't need to cheat.
 Okay.
 You can be successful without taking on venture capital, without taking on money, without
 taking on funding, without needing any of that crap.
 You don't need to have $100,000 to start your company.
 All you have to have is a brain between your ears, ability to read two books, read them
 both, and understand some core principles and then create a good offer.
 That's it.
 It's really not that hard.
 And I don't know what else I can do.
 I've been trying for years to make this simpler and simpler and simpler.
 Between the Doc on Secrets and the Expert Secrets book, it's simple.
 And I don't want you to understand that.
 And hopefully this gives you guys some ideas and tools to be able to use.
 All right.
 So with that said, I'm at the office now.
 This podcast is probably a little longer than normal.
 Usually they're about five to 10 minutes long.
 I have no idea how long I've gone on this one.
 The plan moving forward with marketing secrets podcast is this.
 It's each day I'm going to give you guys a secret, like one marketing secret that you
 can use.
 And if you understand it, it always down upon the same foundation that we started on episode
 number one here.
 The foundation is simple.
 Whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins.
 That is how you beat your competitors.
 That is how you beat the venture capitalists.
 That's how you can grow your company.
 It's like, that's the foundation of everything.
 You understand that becomes easy.
 And yeah, you can go out there and you can do social media and build a big following and
 all those things organically.
 But it takes time, it takes effort, it takes stamina, it takes a lot of those kind of things.
 It's been fun because I haven't, you know, I'm very Gary Vaynerchuk.
 Very, very gaynerchuk.
 Gary Vaynerchuk recently.
 I really enjoy him.
 I like him a lot.
 He's got some really, really good things.
 I think that what he does in his business is probably better than what he says.
 Like, I think the right now he's the best in the world at like conversation domination,
 have to dominate all the different platforms and be relevant all of my love watching and
 studying and doing that.
 And we're modeling a lot of that from him.
 But you know, he's got this one, one of his books is what's the jab, jab, jab, right
 hook.
 And it's all about like, you need to be jabbing, jabbing, jabbing and then eventually you're
 going to do a big right hook.
 And I kind of agree with that.
 Like, I agree putting out content and putting out good stuff.
 I'm doing those things as well, but at the same time, like for that to really work, you've
 got to be really, really, I mean, really good.
 It takes a long time and consistent effort over and over and over again, you know.
 And for a lot of us, that's hard to do.
 And someone asked me about that.
 I said, Russell, you're philosophy is so different than Gary.
 He's like, he's talking about jab, jab, jab, right hook.
 And I said, well, you know, the difference is that I'm a wrestler is if you've ever
 seen a wrestler in a boxer in a fight, I've never seen a boxer win.
 But ever, the boxers always lose to the wrestlers and the jits you guys.
 I'm like, in wrestling jitsu, what do we do different?
 We look at the guy instead of like jabbing, jabbing, jabbing, jabbing, jabbing, we look
 at him, we look for vulnerability and boom, we power double, take him down and we choke
 him out.
 Okay.
 And much rather have power double, take him down, choke him out than jab, jab, jab, right
 hook.
 Okay.
 Now there's times to jab and things like those things are good, but I want you to understand
 like, like, this concept of winning and scaling and growth quickly is about the concept I
 mentioned like 10 times.
 Whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins and how do you do that?
 You don't do that by jabbing forever.
 Like, for a lot of you guys, you're going to try to build a bit of Instagram following
 of, you know, 100,000 people.
 It doesn't take time and energy and money.
 In fact, my Instagram account got shut down this morning.
 So you don't have to do all the work, it can disappear anyway, which is insane.
 And so it comes down to focusing on creating a really good funnel.
 You can drive paid money into, to acquire customer for free or profitably or at least
 break even and then send them up the value ladder.
 That's the game you guys.
 That's the game we're playing.
 So with that said, I'm in the office, I'm going to get to work.
 Hope you guys enjoyed marketing secrets.
 Number one, if you like this podcast, please go rate it on iTunes.
 Please tell your friends and family members, everyone you know, share it and appreciate
 you guys.
 And we'll talk to you as all again tomorrow.
 Bye everybody.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow
 our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.Funnelhacker.tv.
 (upbeat music)
