 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to marketing seekers podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everyone it's late at night
 I suppose to go to bed like two hours ago such to get early, but no my kids decided even those Martin Luther King
 Day and they had no school all day they can do the homework tell like right now, so I'm up getting them
 There's a homework so anyway
 I thought I'd take a quick break while they're doing their stuff to come talk to you guys
 It's been a little bit and I got something really fun to share with you today. So today I chance to go to the office
 which was really fun because
 We've got this flow and this rhythm happening now with the systems and the agency and all this stuff
 And it's just exciting and it's a lot of fun. So it's really excited to go in there today and then
 I had much my tasks. I need to do and one of them. I'm right working on
 the sales
 like an explainer video
 So explainer videos like this little cartoon videos kind of explain what you do in a short period of time, right?
 And I don't want to brag. I'll say I'm probably
 I think I'm probably the best
 explainer video script writer on planet earth if not I'm gonna take that credit for myself
 Because I wrote the Riplin ones that did 1.5 million cuffs or
 members in
 Like six weeks in the company never went anywhere
 There's a proven ones that build a half a billion dollar company this year alone in the last three years off one video
 Obviously, there's a lot of us that happening is an amazing team and I'm not taking all credit
 But explainer video was mine
 So proud of that click phones once and I'm super good. I've done anyway, so probably done two dozen explainer videos
 and
 I'm sure really proud of them because I think they've all turned out really good and done amazing things
 And when you write for them, it's different because it's like it's a right in a way that'd be fun to be animated be interesting
 Be engaging like all those kind of things so
 But was interesting so I was writing this one so we have a new
 Part of click funnels coming out called action edX MD and that's all I'm gonna tell you guys right now
 And today basically I needed to get the video script done
 So they explain your video guys could start animating sketching and getting it all done in time for the fun
 I can love it because I'm gonna be showing the video there when we release all of our new
 Awesomeness that I can't tell you about right now, but it's gonna be so amazing
 because my goal is get every all you guys to start using action X hundred percent and I think we have
 Let's check just like 10 to 12,000 people who are who are
 On the full Edison suite who are getting who use it have action X
 But there's still the 40 whatever thousand customers that aren't using it yet
 So it's like how I get everybody to use it because it's like it's awesome
 So the biggest thing just make it simple or better easier more awesome
 And so that's what we're doing a big sprint right now from the dev site to get all done in live by a
 Fondocking live so those who are fondocking live will get first access to this
 Amazingness and everything so make sure for my king live if you're not you're missing out because it could be six months or so
 Before we released everybody else so if you want to get the features early go to funnel hacking live comm get your tickets
 Before they are also that which they should be sold out this month. In fact, we're gonna be pushed starting tomorrow. So
 Anyway, I digress so I'm sharing this because I've had a lot of people in fact
 I've had a lot of companies since then like come to me like here
 I'll write me an explainer video give you equity will give you percentages and blah blah blah blah
 Because that's kind of what prove it done and obviously it worked too well for them and for us and for everyone
 And so but I've just told people no because I just obviously I've got a lot happening in my life right now
 I'm time to write explainer video scripts for people
 but my own stuff obviously still important so I was like how do I write this thing and it's funny because
 The thought that came with me heavy fire I wish I'd write in this and was what is the hook?
 What's the big idea those who were fun?
 I came live last time her Todd Brown came and spoke on that idea like the big idea the big hook and as I was like
 Sitting there with my blank sheet of paper little cursor blinking them to try to figure this out
 I was like, what's the hook? What's the hook? Like what like I know the product is I know the differentiation points and I was
 Exciting like I you know, but like what's the hook like you have to the right hook and I think
 I
 think and I'm gonna
 I'm gonna talk about Todd Brown for a while and because I love Todd. I respect him. I think he's amazing
 I think that what I've gotten I think I've done a good job getting our funnel community and our marketing community
 Understanding like funnels and things like that
 I think that we've gotten better understanding structure and funnels and like how and where and like front and funnels versus the back and funnels and
 You know how to like do the perfect webinar like all these cool things
 But I look at Todd like Todd and what he studies what he kind of geeks out on and he hangs out all the agorogies
 And they're always talking about the big hook the big idea like what's that what's that thing that drives the rest of it?
 I don't talk about that a lot publicly
 Probably because it's like not something that I can it's hard to reverse engineer and say okay
 Here's the pattern. Here's how it works like the pattern of the hook is like it's the opposite of a pattern. It's like it's like what is
 Yeah, it's like most of I teach is like here's the pattern where's the hook is
 like
 The least pattern anything ever right? It's not that it's the opposite of the pattern
 It's like the pattern interrupt it becomes the hook right and so I never talk a lot about it
 But when I'm doing my own stuff, I do it like if you watch my webinars
 You watch my like all the stuff that I do like I'm doing it all the time and I sat there today for probably two and a half three hours
 With the blank sheet of paper that little blinking cursor that you just want to like just you wish you could delete it
 But it's everything's deleted that's all that's left is that little blinking cursor like mocking you the whole time right?
 And my whole thought was like what's the big idea?
 What's the big idea and I was like asking him right in my company. Okay, we know what action XMT is like
 What's the big idea? What's the big hook like what like why should people care?
 and
 It took a while I said two and a half three hours before I was like
 Got it. This is like got it then like in my head like the story just flows
 Cuz I know like some visualizing like
 Taking people on the journey and like the process and the story and how it fits together and how we illustrate this and like those things come fast
 But man that hook is the hardest thing I've had webinars
 I've spent two days in front of whiteboard trying to figure out like the headline the hook the like what's the thing that gets somebody into the webinar?
 And I think that I've probably done disservice inside of the funnel hacker community where I don't talk enough about that because again
 I don't know how to reverse engineer and teach it, but it is the key
 You know, I'm so grateful for Todd Brown talking about that so much because he's what it talks about it the most
 And I wish that you know we talked about more in the community
 Maybe this is this podcast is the first time me kind of bringing out but I was thinking about that like
 Like what's the big hook like why should someone care about your thing? You're selling like what is that like? What's the big reason? What's the big
 Yeah, like what's that what's the big idea that you have and so look at like look at the big campaigns that
 That you've seen around you right every market. There's big things happening right?
 I'll get when we launch click funnels like I tried a bunch of different messaging and funnels
 But like the funnel workers webinar funnel the process was I talked about this before like having a webinar and then on the thank you
 Page having the trial like that was the process work
 But the hook was this concept of funnel hacking right if that was the big idea that got people to be like oh my gosh
 I understand it right like that was a big idea that drove click funnels
 and
 and
 You know think about that thinking about the markets you're in if you guys in financial markets like look at a Gora
 What they've done like some of the biggest campaigns like?
 When when Obama ran for second term is the the what's called the end of America?
 Like that was the big idea that drove like this huge thing
 You know the recently that there's probably been 8,000 crypto offers that have come out right but Gores when it did
 I think it did $30 million in their webinar or something like that in in like a two-week period of time
 But like what was the big what was the big the big idea?
 What was the big hook that they had like there was something there?
 I studied it
 I don't know if you did but you should have if not means you're not listening to funnel hacking like look at these people that are making insane
 amounts of money and like reverse engineering the campaigns from everything like not just
 You know a lot of people in funnel hacking is just like oh they had a landing page and upsell page down
 So pages as price points like that. That's the beginning of funnel hacking but it goes deeper
 It's like what was like? I don't know about you
 I get every webinar every video sells like everything that I that I look at I get transcribed so I can like read it
 Like what was the hook like why did this work like?
 What's the big idea that they were doing that made this separate because like man if there's 800 crypto webinars like why
 Do one do 30 million and all the rest do like you know even the big ones you million like what's there's something different here?
 What's the big idea that they led with?
 Look it the weight loss industry look it, you know prove it
 How why did prove it blow up like they hit keto at a time that was right right Dave Ashbury blow up because he had you know
 He took this he took the Atkins diet
 I mean it's not the same but he took the Atkins diet and his big idea was this thing was like butter in your coffee boom that big idea putting butter in
 Coffee it was just the ketogenic diet, right? That's not it wasn't this new thing, but he was like butter in your coffee boom
 Bowl proof is born right like what's the big idea for your business?
 I can't tell you that I can't revert I can't like doodle something that shows you here's how to find your big idea
 Maybe I can't I just don't know how to do right now
 Because it again. It's not a pattern is the opposite of a pattern so look at the pattern was everyone doing in your market to explain or to sell your thing
 And what's the opposite of that like how do you break the pattern? How do you?
 Have your big idea so that when somebody hears it it smacks inside the head and they're like oh my gosh like that
 That's brilliant. That's the thing right
 And so yeah, I think my point of this podcast is just to get you guys to think about that because
 That's what I did today. I sat in front of a blinking cursor for three hours thinking
 What could it be what could it be like?
 You know I looked at all my competitors right I'm looking at I'm not gonna
 spoil action is empty is but looking at auto responders and other things that like how do they pitch it like because however
 else is pitching is the pattern like no, what's the opposite of that like how do I?
 How do I make it the opposite so that it becomes this interesting idea?
 And so I hope that helps I hope this if nothing else it gets you to sit there from a blinking cursor
 Like I had to do today and just think like what's my hook? What's my big idea?
 Like why should people care like why?
 Why am I gonna invest the time and energy it takes to make this video or this webinar or this whatever
 And why is someone gonna take time energy to watch it?
 And why are they excited to run and find their wallet and pull their money out and give it to me like it?
 There's a big idea behind that that drives it and I don't think most of the spending of time do it like figuring that out and
 When you get it right
 Man like you see it. Halbert Gary Halbert said one idea properly exploited is worth more than a hundred lifetimes of good work of hard work
 And I believe that like I've seen that in my own life. I've seen tons of our
 upper slice like one idea when you exploit a properly is worth
 Under lifetimes of hard work. So like what is that idea? Like it's that's what is this the big idea the big hook the big like
 What is that thing for you? So if you listen Todd Brown listen to his stuff on the big idea
 I think it's fantastic. He did a whole presentation last year's fun walking live about it
 But just get the get that in your head spinning when you're looking at advertising your funnel hacking people like like what's their big idea?
 What's the big hook? What's the thing?
 That drives this campaign because when you find it you identify it
 It'll help you get better figuring out where your own as well your own are as well
 So hopefully helps hope it gives you some good ideas and gives you something to think on
 That's like uh, I'm good these kids homework finish like going to bed
 It'll be a bit of lifting weights soon. I'm trying to enter this dull chin before funnel hacking live, which is
 um
 Yeah pain
 I wish you could just sleep it off. That'd be way better. Anyway, I appreciate you guys have an amazing day and we'll talk to you soon. Bye
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets.com
 And book number two is called dot com secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 ( We had the chance to be good)
