 Hey, what's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and I want to welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast and
 Today I want to jump in here really quick because obviously there's so much craziness happening in the world around us
 and I wanted to give you guys a plan and a process and
 My thoughts on kind of the best places to focus on and what to be doing
 During this during this this season and I've no idea if season is gonna be a week a month 10 months a year
 Five-year, I don't know, but I do know that it is a season if we've noticed anything over the history of all time
 You know since man began till now
 Everything is cyclical their seasons and so we're in a season in it'll end
 But there's things you can be doing right now to prepare for the harvest and so I
 Just finished a Facebook live a little bit ago
 I've been doing these Facebook lives and I'm reading parts of the traffic seekers book
 But at the very beginning in the very end I talked about a concept of the my nyana principle
 And how to shift it and make it work for you. So with that said I'm gonna queue up the theme song
 We come back you can hear parts my Facebook live
 You heard the first part which is the beginning I'm gonna have my brother cut out the middle part where I'm actually reading the book
 Because that's outside the context of this podcast and what I want to share and then
 I'm gonna share at the end of it as well. So might be a little repetitive to hear
 part of the message twice, but I think that's okay right now. I want to drill something here by us because
 It's the difference between you coming out on the other side of this hugely successful and you struggling
 I've been telling everybody I've since said this over and over again like this whole process written right now
 Reminds me so much of the movie for scump if you guys haven't seen it
 You should go watch it this weekend with your with your with your families, but in for scump when he
 You know when they were the they were trying to become shrimpers and they were out there
 And they were getting their butts cake losing everybody and then this huge storm came and everybody both
 You know put their boats up and and their boats got destroyed during the storm
 But if you remember the scene with force gump and lieutenant dad out there in the middle of the storm going crazy
 And the storm is you know
 They were staying on the boat having so much fun keeping alive and when the storm ended when the season ended when it shifted
 They were the only boat standing all the other boats have been destroyed in the in the storm and
 They went on to build up this billion dollar company bubble gum shrimp factory, right?
 Anyway, it's a fictional story, but the concept is true those who whether the storm will come out on the side of the stronger
 Ever so what can you be doing now? What should you be doing today this weekend next week?
 To make sure that when this season passes when the storm subsides that you
 You're on the safe side of it and so with that said we're going theme song when I come back
 I'll share you guys part of my face the collab from today. Thanks so much
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 We said our click funnels meeting and yesterday the highest number of people logging to click funnels ever
 It's like more than double what happens on a normal day, which means this is literally like the season of funnel building
 Okay, yes, you're home. You got the chance right now to finally create
 There's always this excuse like I can't build a funnel because of this because of this I'm too busy
 I got this like a blah blah blah blah blah. There's always like like for some reason people always have this we call the money on a principle like
 Oh tomorrow money on tomorrow. I'll do it tomorrow. I'll do it. Okay, well, I want to do
 I want to suggest something for you guys right now, okay
 I want you to take this money on a principle most of us have like all do the work tomorrow
 I'll do the thing tomorrow. I'll do like tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow
 I want you to do this as an exercise. It's really fun. Okay
 What you're gonna do is the thing that you know you need to be doing that you normally put off till money on it
 I want you to stop and I want you to do that today
 Okay, and then the stressing that you were planning on doing today
 I'm stressing out about the coronavirus about food about toilet paper out whatever you're stressing it out
 I want you take that stress when you take that stress and we stress about it money on it. Yes, we're just shifting
 This is an easy shift. Okay, we're taking we're taking the stuff right now that we're normally worried about
 Okay, and we're shifting it to money on it and the stuff that we normally are gonna do to money on
 I like the stuff that's actually important about building our life building our business building our family
 We're gonna ship to hell today. Okay, it's just shifting the money on a principle. Okay. The US can do that
 It's gonna be amazing for you. Okay, because number one you're not gonna be stressed out because you're me stressing
 I know I'm time right now. I'm busy building funnels tomorrow
 I worry about the stress and then today you can get back to work
 Okay, and what's cool about that if you do it if you do it today
 Can see me all of Friday all today to build the work to build a crate build a read bill
 Let's study be able to learn. Whatever the thing is that you've been procrastinating you we have a chance to finally do it today
 Okay, and all the stress you've been like they sitting on for last week you'll move to tomorrow you make oh all about tomorrow
 I get all right, and then I should have like will you survive today?
 Is your family gonna be okay? You got food for today sweet. We're about tomorrow
 Let's get back to work and then what's gonna be cool is tomorrow
 I'm gonna suggest you the same thing move it till my nyana and get back to work
 Okay, so there you go
 There's a minor principle in a way to actually serve you as opposed to hurting you
 But again, we had more than double as many people blogging and cliffbones yesterday that we've ever had
 Okay, which means it's the season right now
 It's a season to build funnels season to build hope season to start preparing and building your foundation because this season is gonna pass
 Okay, and the people who let the who who who aren't like frozen by fear in the season
 Okay, when they come out of it, they're gonna have a chance to be able to go and create and do some amazing things
 So I want to make sure you guys aren't freezing during the season of fear
 Okay, we're done tomorrow my nyana right now get back to work folks
 So if you can control things you can create these you can do because the season will end
 And I don't know if it's gonna be two weeks from now two months from now two years from now
 It does not matter
 Okay, it's gonna end and the people who have been preparing during the season who have been planning the seeds right now
 With the ones who reparvest so now is having plant seeds
 So what that means in two things number one if you haven't got a traffic seekers
 But get go and get it. This is the seeds you need to get to go to master traffic number two this right here is funnel flicks
 Okay, now funnel flicks is an amazing tool. I have licensed. I think there's 2,600 videos in now
 Okay, all of the courses I learned from as I was learning this game
 I went to all those people as like your courses were the best that I ever went through can I
 License them from you and I paid them a small fortune
 I think over a million dollars so far in licensing fees because I wanted to be Netflix for entrepreneurs
 So we entered the streaming wars we launched funnel flicks and it's live and right now
 We have a really cool thing for this weekend. It's called the funnel flicks premiere week
 We go to funnel flicks calm right now
 You and you put your email address in there and you get these four videos one two three four
 I think each day unlocks one so you'll get this one immediately the first one is Frank her and if you're not Frank her
 And this he's one of the oh geez of internet marketing. We had him speak a funnel hiking live
 We didn't tell anybody he was coming it was top secret and then in the middle
 We had this whole funnel flicks presentation
 We had him come down and like bang on the thing and it opened up and Frank came out and delivered a message
 It was insanely good and people
 People went nuts. It was like stand the ovation screaming
 like
 It was as closely like what a rock star would feel like in our world is like if you can imagine that like imagine your biggest rock star
 Coming out and like all the people like I'll flip it
 That's what happened and we captured it for you and you can go watch that presentation right now
 Well, not right now wait till this is over then watch it this weekend and then if you like Frank stuff
 I licensed every I think almost like 13 or 14 Frank's courses
 Almost everything's ever published is also in funnel flicks now
 So if you funnel flicks member you can geek out and break this weekend and get excited
 It's all in there from like anyway all his best stuffs in there, which is exciting
 So right now everyone's stressing out right because of all the economic turmoil
 And so what I'm gonna do is I want you to take that stress and wait to stress about it money on tomorrow
 So take that and bake tomorrow. We're about today. I'm focusing on planning seeds for my future
 Okay, start planning seeds planning seeds of like reading book creating fun
 It's building stuff making videos publishing whatever your seeds are start planning those seeds ASAP
 Okay, because harvest is coming, but if you don't plant now you're gonna be screwed when the harvest comes
 So start planning your seeds right now. Okay, and take all the stress of the coronavirus or whatever you're stressing out
 Put it like tomorrow money on it. We'll worry about that and then all of you know
 Maybe tomorrow, which is the planning of the CJ all planned tomorrow. I'm gonna study tomorrow
 I'll build a funnel tomorrow make a video tomorrow. I'll publish tomorrow
 It's time to stop and take that to today moving that forward and we're gonna do it right now. That's not good
 That's the game plan you guys. I appreciate you all these for hanging out. This has been a fun week so far
 Hopefully you're enjoying the time with your family and your loved ones
 Make sure to prepare yourself you guys we don't know what's gonna happen
 But the best way thing you can be possibly doing right now is planning seeds for tomorrow
 The harvest will come if you've not planted during the season of planting you're gonna be in trouble. So now is the time
 I appreciate you guys. Thanks for everything
 Go your book travesties calm then funnel flicks calm got some fun and have a great weekend. Thanks everybody
 We'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 So you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel no matter where you are in your business
 This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy. Hope you understand the tactics
 Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side. Yo go
 Online and go to one funnel away calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
