 Hey everybody, it's Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing secrets podcast. I'm walking right now with Barb Miller
 Hey, man. Good. How are you guys? Do you know awesome? We're sure you guys have some cool stuff here after the intro
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so we're out here
 it's freezing cold out here this cold
 so and
 bars but in a circle out for year and a half and
 I want to talk to you about him because he's talking some cool stuff and I think it'll help you guys as well. So
 It's harder to walk and talk
 I'm never in the hole. It's gonna throw up another level here going on. I love it
 Okay, so I'm gonna embarrass barks is you know, I'm gonna ask I just turn the camera on
 But he runs first off some background flows in our own. There's a couple businesses. What are the core thing you run?
 so we have an Amazon business we have a makeup school and
 Russell tries to keep me as focused as possible on those two things
 The other ones he refuses to tell me about cuz I'll tease him forever exactly anyway, okay, so someone talked about so
 We hung out when was it went to Dallas?
 Well, that's been a year ago
 So a year ago went down there because we were working at beauty school and we filmed an episode of fun on our TV
 Which actually is an episode. I don't know if you knew that I didn't know that. Oh cool
 The end of the last one said now next week it had little
 Collected it was after the credits. So anyway, so the next episode is gonna be showing that whole story
 Yeah, shows me wearing skinny jeans and a bunch of other things
 Which was amazing by the way
 skinny jeans anyway
 So what I think was interesting why I love bar so much why I just wrote my big keys check to come kick my butt is because
 after that
 You've always been in fashion, but I was like your thing. Yeah, it was right. Okay
 bar you should be doing fashion for people and then he like got intense and obsessed and like in it and just like
 Was awesome, and he'd basically last a fun like live dressed me dressed half the circle much other people then fast-forward now
 Man 70 months. Mm-hmm since last year since that fun I can live
 When was it you decided that you were gonna get ripped and shredded and everything?
 Well, so my son was leaving on an LDS mission and so I've been racing bikes for the last seven years and
 I've just always wanted fitness because a lot of people think it's easy to be fit all the time
 And I'm here to tell you that and don't tell my family this but my mom's obese my sister's obese
 My dad's obese, you know, I know it runs in my family
 So I'm probably taking away too long here
 But what I'm saying is is that my son I want to spend time with him before he was leaving it now the house
 And that was a year ago and so I decided that I was gonna start lifting and then
 I grussels gonna tell you I'm afraid that I'm an extremist
 so
 Which is actually the moral of the story. This is a good thing not a bad thing. Yeah, so I get super
 Extreme into things and that's why I hired Russell really for inner circle to be honest with you
 We'll get into that but but anyway, so I couldn't take it anymore
 And I went after the best coach in the world in my space
 Which is physique and bodybuilding and I hired him so I fly to California
 Every month for a full week and I lived with him and then I fly home
 implemented all and then I fly back and do more and did my first show in California with him
 Did my second show in Boise and the first show I won an overall and
 40 plus category and took second in the 35 plus category, so I was super super stoked
 Blessed but put all the hard work in the motion made it happen
 Awesome, okay batteries about to down my phone and we're gonna finish this because I still haven't got to point what I want to share with you guys
 All right, we'll be right back all right battery died, but now we got it back
 So you missed our walk. It was really fun. It was amazing when four miles is awesome
 So I don't remember exactly where we left off
 But if somewhere between why respect bar and why you get to listen to what he's gonna say right now
 So my question for him or not my question my observation more so and then loving your thoughts on it's just
 And like the bad-ass can die again now. We may back to the phone in a second here, but
 It's basically like when you go into something, you don't dabble like some people in life they dabble like oh, I'm gonna do this
 I'm gonna do this you're like I'm gonna get fit and so then you went I don't camera if you talked about this
 Not but you went and hired away lifting coach. Listen to different state
 You fly up there once once one week a month work out with them come back and then and then you sent it for for
 Bodybuilding competitions all sorts of stuff wasn't just like I'm in his shape
 And then you different tooth days and you quit like most people do including this guy right here sometimes
 You went insanely all in so I think that that is cool and people should learn from that. Thanks
 So one thing I'll just say this thanks
 I'm gonna say but the camera's on so I'll say this and I'm a talker
 All right that one died as well. We're back again on the new phone
 Yeah
 So you guys get the honor and the privilege to see Tony at his event coming up
 Which was why we're getting fit
 But on that note I learned this from Tony Robbins and he said if the pain doesn't outweigh the pleasure
 You'll never be successful and at the time
 I was like are you kidding me and I really didn't understand it and then he made it really clear
 He said that if you want to quit smoking or you want anything in life that if you'll make something so painful
 That you you have to get there like you'll have to accomplish it was for example
 If I wrote a check for a half a million dollars and let's say I was super wealthy like Russell
 I wrote a check for an enormous amount of money to a charity that I absolutely
 Detested and if I failed at that then XYZ could cash that check right that pain
 Without weighing me ever getting there. So the pain of me getting on stage and
 Not looking my very best was enough to just like I would give up anything
 I never cheated on my diet or anything one time because I knew that if I failed I
 Just couldn't live with myself. You embarrass the speedo on stage. Yeah, totally. I wish I went on a speedo
 But and actually by the way when I started this process
 He's like what's the thing that's gonna cause you the most pain?
 I was like honestly if I ever had a gun stage to speedo like the black tan that would work
 So like if I don't hit my goals you guys will see me on stage
 Yes, you're Russell doing an event and and and that's the thing if I give you any advice the same advice Tony did
 So when I commit to something I always tie it
 To what's the consequence and I shouldn't be teaching us to Russell because now he's gonna do this crap to me
 Yeah, this is this is a horrible podcast
 Don't listen to this again, but anyway the moral story is is you've got to put something there that helps you not just get there
 But you're gonna make it because if you don't this consequence is extreme for you
 And if you'll do that like if you say you're gonna have a funnel every week and you don't accomplish that
 You need to have something so serious that there's just no way you're gonna fail doing that
 And that's what I've learned in my life to push me to that next level and that's why I did it awesome
 So I've seen one dude twice and two different things right now and it's super inspiring
 In fact, it was like a year ago when you came to work out by place first time with Anthony here
 You know you're I mean you were just like cut here some stuff and then here today
 He was like taking the show like and Russell do this do this sounds like dang
 It's a different part in less than a year, which is insane and cool
 But it's because you go all in and you know dabble and it's it's also like you said, you know
 It's like emerging yourself and it's the same thing you teach that the more you don't have to be only a few steps ahead of everybody else to be
 Successful, but if you totally merge and it's the same thing Tony Robbins preaches and you're the best at it like
 Russell commits to like things that you should never commit to I mean it's serious
 My wife you do you mean this yeah, but it's the same thing
 I'm doing he puts himself through so much pain that if he doesn't get it done
 He knows you'll never accomplish it if he doesn't do it
 Just like taking this challenge on right now. He does not have time to get ripped for funnel hacking like let's be clear
 But we're out here at 10 o'clock at night
 How many other people are sitting doing something else and while we're doing it we're creating a podcast
 I mean he utilizes time like crazy
 It's insane, but he does the exact same thing. He's complimenting me for it
 But it's the same model. He runs every single day of his life. So learn from that. You'll be super successful
 There you go guys right here first. So thanks bar for hanging out man
 And for the walk and for the workout and for I gotta swip out on just a second all the fat out of me
 Dude, I'm gonna be so ripped. It's gonna be amazing
 And if not you'll see me to speed up which will be the worst thing ever so
 It's all prey
 Everybody soon send him really clean food nothing for the holidays
 This guy's gonna be gone by FHL anyway, so if you're not gonna be taking shake on a fun like a like calm
 Bart you're gonna be there right hanging out for sure
 So when you're there grab him and pay him to help get you dressed nice and get you fit
 It'll be awesome. So there we guys appreciate you all. Thank you man hanging out. See you guys later. Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes
 Reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [MUSIC]
