 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to marketing and seekers podcast right now. I'm driving the car with
 What's your name?
 And we're gonna tell you guys something really cool
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so me and Nora just took the kids to school and dropped them off and
 It's really fun. So Nora dries with us most mornings and we take the kids to junior high and I don't know about you
 But school wasn't my favorite thing
 It was really hard and I didn't enjoy it very much, right? And so I've got this really special like five-minute
 Drive every day to take my kids to school and during that five-minute drive
 I realized that they're about to enter into probably the most miserable depressing place on earth
 I shouldn't say I'll out but come on now those guys who've been through school, which is all of us
 It's not like Disneyland, right? It's not like a funnel hacking lab event
 It's not something exciting where you're motivated, inspired and ready to change the world
 Usually you go and you're like waiting for the bell the rings
 You can see your friends for two minutes before you go back into class again, right?
 And so I figure I gotta get my kids the best chance to enter into school every single day in the most peak state possible
 So what we do in case anyone who drives down this road with me is wondering in fact
 I had a friend the other day she said that she said sometimes I pass you guys you're driving to school and it looks like you guys
 Are having a disco party?
 Which makes you want to get a disco ball ball in the Jeep
 But basically we crank up the music so today we listen to Bohemian Rhapsody and we start headbanging, huh Nora
 And Nora is accused of headbanging when it gets to the like the awesome party
 You're headbanging kicking your feet and we're all going crazy and we're laughing and we're singing and we're trying to like and
 My goal is to get them in the best state possible
 So when they step out of the Jeep and go into the school
 They are starting at like the peak excitement for the day and hopefully that'll last all the way till wrestling practice at 3 30 so
 Anyway, the reason we want to show up to you guys is because
 Music is powerful. No, I'm not a big fan of like listening to music all the time. I think a lot of people waste their lives
 Just listening to music. We could be listening to podcast and learning and all sorts of stuff in fact
 I read somewhere out
 I'm gonna miss quote the facts
 But it was like the average person who listens to music all day makes like
 $50,000 a year and the average person since podcast all day is like 150,000 years
 So you'll like three extra income just by listening to podcasts as opposed to music
 But there is a time and a place for music and I think that the best time and place for music
 I mean and I feel bad shouldn't say because like I do love music
 I listen to a lot
 But the time that it's most efficient is before you are about to do something music has this magical powerful effect to change your state
 Right, I listen to a sad song
 You can be sad instantly listen to happy song you'd be happy instantly like a pump up song
 Like whatever it is like music has the ability to change your state and shift your state faster than I think anything else
 Out there outside of maybe a hardcore drugs
 I don't know but I've never done that so I don't know sure but other than that music like number two for
 Radically shifting your state. Yeah, Nora
 I don't know
 Nor's wondering why they turn there's a waterfall in the under a neighborhood in its turn. It's because it's too cold now nor's
 Anyway, and so with my kids when I'm trying to get them to peak state of excitement and energy and like
 Everything before they step through the doors of school
 We use music and we use fun exciting high-energy music so we find our favorite things
 We have in fact whoever's driving in the Jeep and they sit in the front seat gets to be the DJ for the day
 And they just get to pick the song they want typically it's usually like a greatest showman song
 Like the other sides one of their favorites or it's Bohemian rap city or it's
 Black IPs or something that's like gets them into like high state high excited high energy
 And we head bang and we sing and we like have so much fun
 So the second they get out their energy levels super high
 Like watching puppet shows her favorite thing to do is to go to YouTube much puppet shows, huh?
 Anyway, I use it at the same time that I'm driving to the office
 And she sleeps in mommy's bed you just leave a nor's bed
 Anyway, I use music also like when I know I'm tired or like
 Warn out like I don't want to do this thing like lifting weights this morning
 I didn't want to do this we come in and we turn on the right music get you the right state to be able to handle it
 When I'm the days. I'm going to the office and I'm like, I don't want to be here. I'm tired
 I use music to shift my state. I'm days more like I know, you know, I need the extra
 Boost of energy or
 Excitement or motivation or whatever I use music to shift my state and give me into that thing so I can get out of myself what I need
 And so that's how I use music strategically and so for you guys
 I just want you thinking about that like when you're about to enter something. Oh
 Okay, you're nor singing
 That makes me happy
 If you had church a lot of times to the same thing like use music to shift you in the state to be able to feel the spirit
 I you you shift music to be able to like dominate the day anyway
 So my message for you yesterday is make different music tracks. I use Spotify
 It's the easiest I make Spotify tracks that get me into the different states that I need if I want to be in a romantic state
 I've got a Spotify track. I want to be in a high energy state. I got a I got a track
 I want to be in a thoughtful state of mode motivational
 A meditative state we use music to yourselves in the states quickly
 So use music to shift your state to be able to accomplish what you guys need to use. So there you go
 That's in a moments home nor singing. I'm gonna go sing the rest of the song with her
 Appreciate you guys and we'll talk to you all soon
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [MUSIC]
