 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson and welcome to an insanely late night
 Marketing secrets podcast. So I am here for those who are watching this on TV
 I am in the car over there. You can see is Nora
 it is
 Late insanely late in fact in one minute. It'll be midnight here and we're gonna take you guys on a very special
 marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so I hope you guys are doing amazing
 So right now in my little baby, Nora and I are on a mission. It's a secret mission to get her
 Hopefully fall asleep
 We started weaning her off the bottle about a week ago before family vacation
 So that's so much nicer to have not have to have bottles on this trip. That was the good idea on Nora
 But what we didn't think about was the fact that
 She's insane and now she won't go to bed at all and so she won't take naps since her naps happen where she finally passes out
 So today basically we go back to the lake we're on a family vacation. I run on Lake and
 Look at time and then
 and then
 She would fall asleep and we're driving back forth finally like I went to go to sort of buy something for dinner
 So I am going back to pass out and she slept for like three hours
 She was so be and then she woke up in actual back to bed. So this is the second night in real last night was also out driving until
 That midnight actually 1230 she felt asleep last night. So it's 12 o'clock right now
 Hopefully in less than 30 minutes. She will be asleep
 but I am
 Invocation having a good time and if you listen to my last marketing secrets podcast I talked about how
 Vacations can be so it can be really tough for entrepreneurs because they're not
 It's like we're moving there's no momentum. We're kind of just stuck in this spot and so that's somewhere that I definitely feel and
 As much funification is it's like also hard to make some like
 Like you got stuff to do people that people see places you go and
 And actually it was interesting as I was packing the carbon I was about to leave
 You know between like hiking stuff in and out to the car and everything I was
 Just checking Facebook and it's interesting. There was a friend who I don't think I've seen him
 I think I last time we talked on it was like in elementary school. I remember six grades kind of funny story
 Six great. We were like moving these big huge boxes and I remember he had this big huge box and he dropped it
 I don't know why I vividly remember this and I remember saying he was super embarrassed
 He dropped his box stuff and he was saying someday this is gonna be one thing that people remember me by by
 Remember that one day you dropped this look you a huge box and I remember thinking that was really really interesting and now
 Like 30 years later and I think I remember that day. It's kind of funny
 But anyway, they got I remember he was in junior high within high school
 But he was a basketball player as a wrestler
 So we didn't really cross the path the law
 But I knew who wasn't you know group in elementary school, you know, I was having respect for him and everything and
 When the book of faces came out Zuckerberg
 It was kind of fun to go back in you start like remembering high school high and elementary school friends and people wrestling and all those
 aspects your life is your adding on Facebook, you know
 And so he was my name is popped up years ago
 And you know I had it and then hadn't thought much more about it and every once I saw like post from him
 So I kind of knew a little bit. He was doing but not a lot just kind of knew that
 He shifted, you know his job or business was career a couple times and
 And it just make you having a lot of success
 And
 I remember some like it was like last Christmas or something posted something really negative and I was just like I felt bad for him
 It's also one of the things that
 It's one of those weird things when I first started my business and started learning about
 entrepreneurship and started learning how to sell things and like all this world became
 Open to me. I remember at first I wanted to kind of share
 With everybody and I did I tried to share my friends my family members people at church my
 My everybody bumped into I was so excited. I might try to tell this this thing like that I learned how you know
 And I was so excited. I was sharing every single person and was so mind-blowing me as most people just
 Like oh cool. Yeah, it's nice. I know you understand. It's not just nice like
 Still you know that it was so frustrating
 But it's just funny because like that was like I always tried to change
 Everybody and save them and help them because I thought like that was what I was supposed to do and
 After a couple years that I realized that most of people actually know the people I ever tried to help ever did anything
 But then it was just it was really depressing to me
 So that's when I shifted back and I started doing the business for a long time
 And I think I got into coaching because I wanted to share it and it was cool to start coaching people because it was like people that would come
 Or people who was their idea first and he had me to learn how to do it and like those people I could know and I can like hope
 And I can change because they had the desire first right and so
 It's because I've I've been very cautious in the last three decade in my life going out of a way to talk to people about the stuff
 Unless they raised the hand first right and so I saw him last December say something. I was just like ah
 So I'm like my spot to say anything so I'm saying thing and then
 Hey, as we were as we were leaving
 I was just going to Facebook to get a pack of the cars and you know
 So I'm sneaking out it's you know do what you do with phones
 I look in phone real quick
 I see this post for him and it was it's long post is again kind of negative thing
 he was talking about what she was struggling and like try to make money and like all these things and I
 Think he said this last year to me $25,000 all that and that was when he made the entire year and
 He was really struggling and and he was trying to like better things for his family and for his life and for his wife and for like all these things
 We just couldn't figure it out. It was just frustrated and he was kind of benty
 Hey, do Nora
 She's so cute back there. Anyway
 She felt the sleep soon
 anyway, and and I felt for him and I was just like do I say something do I not and
 For whatever reason I decided to come reach out to him
 I was just like hey man like the problem
 I'm like we're talking like 20 plus years. I don't even remember who I am
 but like the problem is like you're not focusing the right thing and
 He wrote and I was like I was like I can help you but like
 Say that guy don't want to kind of intrude like something on my business, but I can help you
 I can't know what's wrong like it's an easy fix. I was like in the last, you know year and half two years
 We've helped
 I've been a coach over 200 almost 200 people now to become a millionaire and you know
 Thousands tens of thousands of people to make hundred thousand dollars in in more than a year
 So it's like I know the game like I know I know what takes when it doesn't take and and all those kind of things
 I was like I say no, I don't want to be like guy who's like
 It's like and I said something like that and then my next post was like
 I'm just gonna need it. I was like and I'm not trying to pitch you on some dental
 I'm like that's not my I honestly just like if you want help I can help you said no what's wrong
 And he was like really is like yeah, why not I want to I want to know and so
 And so I kind of told my I told them a couple things and I said that if you
 If you do those things and all those I'll record a podcast for you while my trip
 Kind of going into more detail and so last like three days. I keep thinking about that. I'm excited
 So that's what I'm actually doing right now
 And I hope it's benefit for all of you guys
 Because I think for most people that are stuck like it's it's not something that's unique to you
 It's it's not
 But all times you think like our situation is unique and it's not as a pattern
 It's pattern happens over and over and over again and the key like breaking patterns is recognizing him and then like realizing what the correct pattern is
 And then replacing it so it's like it's it's it's not hard. It's just
 It's hard because it's the first time most people have gone through personally and so it's like
 Anyway, so that's kind of the context and so I just want to share it kind of this message is really for him
 I'm not gonna go super specific
 But I think it'll be helpful for everybody and I know that
 Typical people I talked to in this podcast are people who are entrepreneurs already and this is kind of
 He gets for someone who's on that line between like
 Like the job maybe and the entrepreneur like that line, right?
 Where it's like, you know, I'm an entrepreneur running this way, but you're struggling of the job thing and you're kind of in between
 That's what this
 Podcast is for it's like I hope kind of helps. All right, so with that said I'm gonna jump into this
 So the first thing
 That I kind of told him this message. I said all right first thing is you're focusing on the wrong thing
 He's like well, I'm been focusing on like perfecting my craft and just kind of some some perspective. He's
 The industry he's going into is like film so we try to do movies and videos and all that kind of stuff, right?
 So he's like one I'm focusing on I'm getting better at my craft and I'm also doing a lot of networking
 It's like, okay. Yes, so you were completely focusing on the wrong two things
 You're focusing on things. Hope you get better your thing, but as like you have shift your focus to making money
 and that's that's a weird concept because like
 Something like I remember the first time I had that epiphany of like I need to learn how to make money
 I was in school and I'm learning all this crap and I'm looking at this stuff. I'm studying and I was like
 I'm not actually learning how to make money. I still remember like one of my biggest gripes with college
 I took two
 Smesters of accounting and two semesters of finance and they never once taught you how to do your own taxes
 Which is insane insane school sucks. Anyway, throw that out there for those who were wondering my thoughts about the whole thing
 But it's crazy like the fact that they don't teach you that thing, right?
 And I rise seem like I'm not learning how to make money here in school and I started studying like how to make money was interesting
 how
 How different it was right like it's not it's not what you're learning in school and now fast forward I think it's been
 Man, see it'll be my 15 year anniversary
 Like a month from now and we got married at the year left to school. So like 14 years or whatever
 I've been
 Graduated from school. So kind of looking back on it now from this
 Side sorry that wait for stop sign. There's no stop light. There's no stuff like stuff
 In the words still awake
 Anyway, so as a
 As looking at now from this lens looking back
 It's interesting like
 Like a lot of times we want something right like I remember growing up
 You always hear your parents people say like hey, you got to get a good job
 So you can or you got to go to school so you get good education so you can make good money, right?
 Yeah, like we all hear that like that's like a thing that
 Parents say a lot right and so we assume that like those two things coincide like good job good education equals
 more money
 But not necessarily like now they look at it again from from my perspective, you know
 15 year 14 15 years later
 It's interesting so I was thinking about this a lot of last year today's especially like if you want if you want look at like the structure of how
 People make money because because there's definitely
 Like there's places you make money those places you don't and most places were focusing on like when he said like
 I'm focusing getting better my skills and networking like he's focusing on something that's good
 But it's not making money
 and so I'm gonna start the top so
 The top is like a pure entrepreneur right so top of a business say like a hierarchy chart
 I said boom the top is like the entrepreneur who starts the business right and
 typically
 At least the entrepreneurs I like to work with their entrepreneurs who are passionate about something
 But they're mostly passionate not just about that thing but a passion about getting that thing out to people right?
 That's what defines an entrepreneur
 Okay, if you if any of you guys read the emith by Michael Gerber. He talks about
 You know what happens with a lot of people is that a thing through entrepreneurs
 I like they they get a job at a bakery shop and start baking cakes
 They see the dude who owns a bakery shop and they're like this guy's an idiot
 I can do better than him and then what Michael Gerber says that they have an entrepreneurial seizure
 And then they they think I'm I'm smart this person
 I'm gonna start my own bakery so they start their own bakery
 We said the problem is that they're not an actual entrepreneur their technician so there's somebody who's in the business
 Who's doing it right like they're making the bread they're making the cakes they're making the stuff
 And so but they look at the entrepreneur who thinks an idiot and so they say
 They have the entrepreneurial seizure and then they decide they want to go on sure and then they'll happen to start their own business and
 They're that I can make bread better than anybody else or whatever I can make cakes and they're passionate about the thing
 And they create this business than what happens to this business it fails
 It's what it's like whatever 90 plus percent failure rate
 Of businesses is because it's it's technicians. It's people who think
 That the key is the thing okay, they think that the cake is what runs the business
 He's a passion about the cake about the creation of the cake
 They're saying like that's not the business with the business the entrepreneurs job is to be passionate about getting the cake out to as many people as possible
 That's where the money's at right and so that's why most businesses fails because it's not an actual entrepreneur running it
 It's someone who had an entrepreneurial seizure and is a technician who's trying to do that thing and thinks that they
 Should start a business because of it okay, so
 My first question for you for everyone listening this is like are you the entrepreneur?
 I know the good news is we go deeper into this. Oh Calediers across across the path
 There are ways to make money not as an entrepreneur in business
 But it's not where you probably think that they are a lot of people think that
 Anyway, I'm thinking for example like the doctor right like doctors make good money
 Like how many times you hear like you have to become a doctor make good money or dentist become good money, right?
 So like those those people make money make good money, but not like
 Like there's no limit to your income money, right?
 Because the doctor is a technician right they just have to be highly paid technicians law school and things go into it push like
 But they're still a technician right they're not an entrepreneur
 They have a definite cap on their income growth always and so just depending on what technician you pick
 It'll say you're going into to come to get a job like like you're capped by the earning potential of that that role you take on right?
 if you're a doctor if you're dentist if you're a
 Baker if you're a support person if you're like whatever like you're captain like whatever that that thing is which is fine
 It's just knowing that like that's where you're kind of capped at right?
 You want no cap the first spot you look as an entrepreneur, but to be an entrepreneur you have to understand it's not being passionate about
 the
 Creation of the thing it's being passionate about the selling of the thing okay
 there's big reason why I read the expert or wrote the expert secrets book and because
 Typically experts who are really passionate about their topic are also passionate about getting a topic out
 Okay by definition their entrepreneurs because they're they're trying to get the message out about that thing right?
 They own the bakery they made the cake, but they're more excited about telling people about the cake
 Like that's what makes them successful entrepreneurs typically. That's why I love working with experts
 Okay, all right, so there's the top of the
 Out no man's land now
 So that's the top of this
 I don't mean call it pyramid scheme of business
 But the entrepreneurs at the top right and and that's almost look is like the entrepreneurs person makes all the money
 They also the people have to risk all of everything right so
 Entrepreneurship is like a scary thing because like you have no or any potential at top
 But you also the one who like all the risks is on your back and for a lot of people you can't just go out there and become the entrepreneur immediately
 Especially if you have a wife and kids and things like that okay
 Because you have to have security and so like there's this huge draw with with people who are who have entrepreneurial desires
 But they also have these security needs between their families
 So it's like that's a hard thing to go and gamble and just jump about again
 I'm going to become the entrepreneur and so I understand that so a lot of times a guy entrepreneur is not the first
 The first place for people like I feel super blessed I start my entrepreneurial journey
 about how I met my wife and
 And I was able to do a lot of things because she was supporting me
 I was going to school
 We didn't have kids been have all that we didn't have this need for security at the point that I was getting started
 Which I'm so grateful for I have so much respect for those who step into the entrepreneurial role when they have all those things because it's so
 Much harder
 so it's yeah, it's always easier to start you know if you're interested in everything you don't have wife and kids and things right and
 It's that's kind of one thing so
 But that's one spot KF so again. There's different places to make money in companies though
 There's the best spot right now. Maybe not the best spot. That's one spot is the entrepreneur at the top, right?
 All right, so that's number one then
 Underneath the entrepreneur inside of an organization. There's got to be the technicians right people doing the thing right
 There's got people baking the cake so people like cleaning the teeth
 There's other people cutting the people open okay the technicians right and so technicians
 This is what school is actually like the only reason why school is actually good is because it creates technicians, right?
 So if you want to come a doctor you have to go to school if you want to be able to drill T
 Canada go to school if you want to come to Baker or if you want to become a
 Butcher Baker candlestick maker. I don't even know any profession another to your just ran by it. I want to hit a deer
 scared
 But any any profession there's like that's what schoolings for and so when you go into school you're looking at that
 You're saying okay like any major you decide to go after like there's kind of an associated salary that range that you're gonna fit into right?
 And sometimes it's big like doctors make good money
 But like you're always kept like a technician will always be kept by definition of what they are
 Okay, like you just you are like and so if you're coming into a business and you're like I'm a technician looking at this
 Like you're kept like your salary is capped. Okay, so my friend who's doing the video stuff like he's looking for jobs
 in in a business
 That are that are this the technician, right? So like
 So I can you say it is post like you make he's making me 25 thousand dollars last year
 So I will the reason why is because the need that you are fitting inside of whatever company you're trying to plug into like
 That's what they got budgeted for that
 So that's what you're able to make like you like you're capped you can't you can't go above that right?
 They should work more hours more days or find it
 You know somebody just find another company as a bigger budget. It's like that's another thing
 And that's okay, and again, there's nothing wrong with the technician just understanding like that that
 like that there's a salary
 Set for that thing. There's a budget set and like and and and that's what happens right?
 The goal of a business is not to make the technicians rich. I had a finance teacher at Boise State. It would tell you what like
 Most teachers I had in school
 We're always like like what's the job of a business like oh to create jobs and to stimulate the economy and like they always had this like
 happy-go-lucky
 Tree-hugging attitude about business, right?
 And I had this one finance teacher said the only goal of a business is to make the owners money
 That's it if the entrepreneur the owner is not making money the board of directors
 Whatever whoever running it. We're gonna make you money business dies
 Like that's the only purpose and only point of a business is to make the entrepreneur money like everyone understand that
 So you use the technician. There's no
 desire
 For anybody if you make more money than what your set salary is now
 You're gonna find entrepreneurs and like in my company a very
 Compassion towards people and I love what they do and I like to create things out ceilings for people and like having incentive plans
 But for the most part like like you're you're kind of like as a technician
 You're in that that range
 So you understand like if you're going to school like that's the earning range are gonna be in are you okay with that?
 If you are then cool go for it like and that's that's awesome
 But don't complain later when you come back like I'm not making what I want
 It's like well you picked a profession you picked your technician you picked this piece and that's all it's worth
 It doesn't matter how much school you went to how much time and effort you put into it like like that's what that
 Task is worth to the entrepreneur so you understand that okay
 So technicians but they're essential to a business and they need to be there and that's what colleges and universities and programs are all created to
 To create those people and those people are important
 But again, that's kind of the pros and the cons of that guys look at this flip it over
 Jesus sleep whoo-hoo
 1219 so it's a good sign
 It's podcast might have me three hours long. No, she's asleep
 Otherwise could have been a really long one anyway. All right, so there you go entrepreneur unlimited potential tons of risk
 and
 The the role the reason why entrepreneurs success was because they're passionate about the selling of the thing getting the message out
 Not just the message right not just a passion about baking cakes
 The passion I get cakes and as many people's mouths as possible because they're obsessed with the end product right?
 That's the difference. Okay, there's not first number two level down in this pyramid is the technicians who are the ones doing the jobs to make this whole thing happen
 Super essential but have huge earning caps
 Depending on what technician role you pick depends on your earning cap cap. There's one more spot and
 This is the spot on everybody understand because this is
 The other spot inside of a company where you have no earning potential
 Excuse me. It's the wrong. You have no earnings ceiling. You have unlimited earning potential scratch
 That could have been really bad mess up the whole thing you have unlimited earning potential
 literally the sky is the limit and
 That last piece
 So we have entrepreneurs and technicians and then the third are the rain makers
 There are people that make it rain. They're people that bring
 leads and money
 Into the business they're the rain makers now entrepreneurs love rain makers
 Why because they make it rain?
 Do you understand that like?
 Like that's the secret sauce now most technicians don't understand that
 Because all they know is like I went to school to learn this thing to do this task and they do it and they go in there
 They do it. Okay, but the person that that they get rewarded the most outside of the entrepreneur the company are the rain makers
 They're typically in most
 You know not I don't know most but like a lot of businesses that the I own I'm involved with
 the rain makers a lot of times are our entrepreneurs who
 Who maybe if they would have started their entrepreneur journey 10 years earlier like they would have been the entrepreneur in the business
 But for every reason they're not and it's okay because like they they can have a lot of them called
 entrepreneurs like like in the in their role in the company like they have the ability to grow and
 Expand as much as they want okay because they're a maker
 So so what do they do they make it rain they bring in they bring in?
 Customers and they make money right they bring money into the company
 So if you look at this from an outside perspective like if you're sum this up like in college terms
 It's like marketing in sales marketing bring people in sales takes their money right like that's kind of that's kind of what it is right and
 and it's funny because I
 don't know what it was even like
 like most
 Technicians like if you go to school and you tell someone you want to be a sales person what like
 like the
 Viewpoint or even like marketing. I'm in marketing or I'm in sales the technicians are the ones who are always like look down on you
 Like oh well, I'm a doctor like oh well
 I'm a like they look down on the rain makers because they think it's like it's like a sub
 I don't know whatever it is
 They think it's like not as good or not as dignified or whatever what they understand is like the rain makers make the money
 Okay, it is the most dignified most important position in the entire company without the rain makers the technician has no job
 Okay, that's someone bringing people into your business and then getting the money from those people
 There's nobody then to be a technician to you make as make cakes
 You want but some do did not bring people into the store and take their money
 They're not gonna take they're not gonna buy a cake
 Okay, it is the most important role in the business outside the entrepreneur who sets up initial risk
 To to get it going right and so even though the technicians talk down on us
 Marketing and sales people it happens to be the most important role in every single business
 Okay, you can tell when businesses are stupid when the recessions come they cut the marketing teams
 They cut their sales teams. It's insane to me. I
 Had a chance in my life to live through one of the recessions the whatever 2008 thingam or do
 And I had a bunch of friends who I can marketing jobs and they were making a rain for a company
 The company started struggling so they cut the marketing and I'm like
 You're insane. You're not
 My cup of technicians. They don't do anything like they don't cut your the blood coming into your company like
 Marketing and sales is the blood. It is the rain like the rain makers are the key. Okay, so rain makers
 They don't have a ceiling okay in most businesses nowadays
 Okay, especially if you become good at it and not like a little bit good
 They're really good. You come to company. So I can bring it on them. It leads for you guess what they're gonna
 Do they'll give you anything you want? It's all companies need they need leads. Nothing in need they need sales
 Okay, they need to take those leads and turn them into cash to turn them into money
 Okay, that's how the entrepreneur gets paid is how technicians get paid is by the rain makers
 Bringing people in taking their money like that's it
 We can try to be romantic about it
 But that is it you guys like and so if you understand like if you want to be if you want to be wealthy
 I'm talking about like making a good income as a technician because you can do that
 You gotta go to school at suds
 You want to make if you want to become wealthy become rich you want to make a lot of money
 You have to shift your focus from becoming good at being a technician
 Shifting your focus to understanding how to make a rain
 Okay, if you can make it rain in a business you are
 infinitely valuable
 Okay, it's a technician. You're only valuable as that task is to the person to the company, right?
 Okay, and they know they got a budget for it. Okay, so there you go
 So like if you were gonna come here like hey, I do video then guess what?
 They have a budget for that like cool
 We pay video guys three bucks an hour 12 bucks an hour whatever that is right 20 bucks an hour, okay
 For my friend like the companies are working for they gave a budget 25 grand
 So that's all the money you're able to get because you're a video person right you're a commodity
 That's the problem about technicians is their commodities
 You understand that like it was funny my
 I'm talking to my sister the other day
 Here at our family
 Vacation or whatever and she teaches piano lessons and I love my sister
 she's like honestly probably my top three favorite people on planet and
 Anyway, she she teaches piano and she's like I'm so busy. I can't keep up in the answer
 Well, we should double your price and she's like I can't open my prices like why not she's like a couple things first off
 Like if I don't my price to lose half my people I'm like, can we lose half your people you double the money?
 It means you get you get double the free time make the same amount of money
 Check what I can't do that because you know, that's like the set price what people charge for piano lessons where I live
 So if I raise my price, let's go to somebody else and I say because you're a commodity. I'm like like I
 like guess how much people pay for like marketing consulting advice and
 She's like, I don't know I'm like neither do I but I know that like I don't I don't look what every else charges and charges the same thing
 I charge the most I possibly can't for example the day
 We had somebody who contacted our office. They want to do a one-day console
 I was like I don't have time for one day console and they're like well how much would it would it cost?
 So I told
 Brent on my team I was like tell him it's a hundred grand
 We'll get and they can do eight hours later from the Boise and I'm going home at five o'clock
 And I would be my kids and he was like huge had laughs if you knew like they wouldn't say yes
 That right and then he went to pitch a tune he came back like five and so that he's like they said yes
 There you go. Why do I because I'm not a commodity when you are a video person your commodity when you
 Are any type of technician you are a commodity. Okay. You are a doctor
 You are still a commodity because guess what another doctor comes along and he's better than you less expensive than you whatever
 Like they can replace you with the other person because you are a commodity
 Okay, the rain makers are not commodities. I guess we have to understand okay the rain makers are unique
 Because they understand something that that that they can't just learn in school
 All right, didn't know how to get in and I in especially in school because there's no
 School that I know of yet the teachers and marketing program. It actually is good. Okay, so there you go
 So if you're in school trying to become a rain maker like you should drop out today
 If you want to be a technician stick in school, there'd be a rain maker's handling
 Okay, other than if you're in school like honestly if if you're trying to do a sport
 That's why I was in school like do that if you're trying to get
 Find a beautiful spouse like schools a great place to meet great looking women and probably good looking men
 I got no idea
 But like like that's a good spot to be a technician
 Or to be in school, but just how you find yourself then leave like it's time to go if you want to make a rain
 It's time to go. Okay, the rain makers are the ones that are not a commodity
 Okay, there's no cost associated like people don't budget that out because like I don't know like okay
 How would you like if I came to a company and like hey?
 all right, so I'm gonna build you guys a sales funnel and
 This funnel has potential to bring you unlimited leads for forever and you know make you unlimited amount of money
 Like well, how much how much does that cost and they well how much don't want to charge you for like they think they can't go in price
 Shot me like how you gonna price up a Russell Brunson charges a hundred grand for a day like
 How do you price up that go to somebody else ask Gary Vee like what do you cost and he'll give you his price
 But like he's in teach way different than I am like if you want what I got like I'm the only do this got it
 Right, so you got to pay me like what I what I want to charge you for like I'm not a commodity
 Okay, see if you're a great salesperson like you're not a commodity right
 Like great salespeople are rare. So if you're an amazing salesperson you walk into any corner
 They say look hamier leads, and I just want 20% of everything you know eat what I kill
 I'm gonna take 20% right kill and there's no business on earth that I know that if you walked in and said look
 Don't pay me pennies give me all your leads or 20% of what I kill
 Almost all of them will say yes to that
 Okay, because you're a rainmaker and so you have no ceiling just go kill a whole bunch of stuff and you get you get your cut
 Right same thing with the with the person that's making a rain is bringing the leads in the door
 Okay, and so a lot of times I go rustle on the video guy or Russell. I'm whatever
 I'm not I don't I don't know how to make it rain like I'm a
 Like right now I'm basically I'm a technician like I'm plugged into this technician thing. I said look you got to start study
 Not how to become a technician like you got to become good at your craft
 Okay, I agree with that like you had to come assess with it
 But you have to become good at understanding how to make money
 Okay, the study of making money is the key
 Okay, so how do I make money? We'll understand you like if you're a video person doing videos commodity
 But if I can understand it use video to bring in the leads
 Changes things because now I'm not a commodity
 Okay, I've got a friend
 Who charges a hundred thousand dollars to make you a video plus 10% of any money I video ever makes you
 Okay, no technically he's no better than anybody else
 In fact, I've got friends who are you he's a lot worse a video than most people
 But he knows how to check that video and how to turn into cash and bring in customers
 Hey, you know, I didn't use it to make it rain. All right, and for the answer in my world
 I've got some tools. I hope you've learned how to take whatever
 Technician skills that you have learn how to make it rain. Okay, so I told my friend
 I gave us some advice. I said we have on all records this podcast
 You got to do some things for me first the first thing you need to do is go back to this podcast
 Which initially was called marketing in your card first hundred episodes. There's a really cheesy jingle next 200 episodes
 There's a less cheesy jingle still a little cheesy and then recently we transformed into the marketing singers podcast
 Which I really like that name and the new jingle is freaking amazing
 So he has agreed so we got that we've got that one
 I
 Said go and listen to every episode. So I want to go through all of them
 And I said wait what's gonna happen is you're gonna immerse yourself and how to become a rainmaker
 And I said you're gonna learn a bunch of random crap and none of us can tie together
 But it's gonna get your mind immersed in this this this mindset
 Okay, and if you don't like me or my voice like you can go find somebody else
 but find someone who's obsessed with marketing itself and like
 Rain the stuff that people pay unlimited money for and start immersing yourself like listening to it all day every single day
 So your mind is just wrapped into the concepts okay?
 I said with with geeking out and like go and eat my podcast your minds get into it
 But you're not gonna have like a blueprint right you're just gonna have like all these thoughts of starting to go through your head
 It's kind of like all over the place and don't be like a path
 But it'll be immersion right and immersion is the key like you gotta get your mind so like as you
 I mean Tony Robbins talks about this a lot and I'm a big believer in pretty much everything Tony says
 Because he's a giant and he's got stage presence like nobody else and he's amazing in like a billion other reasons right
 But Tony's the man any time he like emerged if I learn something don't dabble like there's dabblers out there
 All over the place who dabble okay?
 And my guess is the things in your life that you struggle at are things you dabbled with and things are like you
 Excel at are things you immerse yourself in right?
 That's just how it works right and so if you want to learn how to make it rain you got to immerse yourself in
 Just the concepts of people that are making it rain okay, so for two I told my friend
 I said there's two books together read and I shipped them out to him so first book is expert secrets
 Okay, now in this business, there's two sides. It's business. There's the art and the science
 Okay, the art is
 like how to like the art release kind of like
 the the selling in this and like the
 Messaging and the positioning and all those kind of things the storytelling and that kind of piece right that's the art
 So I said read the expert secrets book first because that's the art and the second read the dot-com secrets books
 That's the science okay. It's the art and the science to making a rain
 Okay, and so when you read both those books you can learn like this two different perspectives
 You'll fill in the book like ones are very much like here's the structure of how like the science of this a dot-com
 Secrets book the science how this game is played and then expert secrets is the art okay now
 What a lot of people think is like I took a master all this and you don't okay, especially if you are someone who would love to be an
 entrepreneur, but you're whatever reason you're able to you
 I mean entrepreneur the company said I'm gonna go into a company I'm gonna be from an entrepreneur for a company and
 Then look at that. It's okay. I don't even know all this stuff
 I gotta understand it all I gotta understand the art and the science and then with that I gotta fit
 Where does my skill set fit into that?
 Okay, so my friend that's that's doing video stuff like you have a skill set that
 In the right hands is worth a lot of money in the wrong hands. This were 25 grand a year
 Okay, you find a company that's growing you find the right the right company the right person to plug into to come and say look
 I want to make a rain for you. Okay, Brandon Fisher who started doing video stuff for us two and a half three years ago
 He came in and said look and I met him and and you know my brother's video stuff for me and like
 Like we didn't really need another video person, but he came in to me
 He was like hey like I want to learn what you're doing all those two videos stuff for free for you
 I'm like alright, so we started doing video stuff for free and
 and
 And did some just some amazing stuff and started and like started capturing stories for me and like he captured
 Liz Benny's story of her telling her her her experience with inner circle like basically like he
 He wasn't even coming to me as a video guy came to me
 It's like I can capture the story that's gonna make your company look a million times better
 So you can make it rain and capture the story of Liz Benny
 We took that video put it on the website start driving traffic to it in that Liz Benny video
 I haven't I can track it today that they just probably made me I
 Don't know I would say at least two million dollars and I'm born okay that video helped me to make it rain
 So that video asked that to me wasn't worth twenty five thousand dollars a year
 It was a heck of a lot more because it helped me to be able to create customers and convert those customers to get money from those customers, right?
 Okay
 But he didn't come to me as I'm gonna be a video guy he came to me like let me serve you first
 Okay, the best thing about rain makers is if you're good at what you do
 Which is why it's important. I was talking about earlier
 I can say important to get really good at your craft right like that is important I become obsessed
 Like literally become so obsessed with what you do you become the best in robot
 Right or at least the best that that person's ever met right like become obsessed with it like that's important
 The second thing is like is like figuring out how to use your skill to make it rain become obsessed with that that connection piece
 Like that's the missing key right because then you come in to whenever you own a company and then you come to company and don't come in
 I try to negotiate a huge fee for a couple reasons number one
 You try to negotiate a huge fee the first thing you're gonna do is you're locking yourself in as a technician
 Okay technicians get paid a salary
 Okay, understand that like and so soon you negotiate and you lock yourself in and then you're there you come in the other way
 It's look I'm gonna work for freedom to make it rain and then I just want a piece of what I think what I bring to you
 Okay, you bring it that way and you come in and you help make it rain
 There's completely different J-ram when the greatest marketing strategic
 minds of all time
 His whole thing you come to come me so I'm gonna come in I'll work for free
 I want 20% of the increase come to a company you have 40 50 40 50 60 100 million dollars in a company
 Just a 20% increase like that's what rainmakers do that's what sells people you like you are creating opportunity
 You're creating money for them to take a percentage what you create and that's the key you guys
 That's the key had to be an entrepreneur and sign an organization and have no have no limit
 Okay, guess who they don't fire in a company
 Person that makes it rain you come to the company and you make it rain
 That's it like you write your own paycheck from that point forward, okay?
 So how do you get number one immerse yourself in how to in this stuff in the marketing and sales?
 Okay, immerse yourself. I would recommend do it to the podcast because that's I think
 I'm obsessed. I'm obsessed with podcasts. It's the best way to have it ring your mind all the time
 I say you start at episode number one of my podcast click play and go until you're done
 And then a lot of you guys start over and again. This is not for my own ego partially
 All right, partially for you go, but mostly is for you guys, okay?
 And again if some reason I talk too fast or I'm annoying or whatever
 I don't care plug into somebody plug in the grandcardo owner Gary Vaynerchuk or plug into John Lee doom
 I don't care find some Pat Flynn whoever you resonate with plug in and go and don't unplug like every single day like all your free time
 You're driving you're walking your bathroom breaks. You should be listening to podcasts like constantly, okay?
 That's gonna give you the immersion because the emergency only way for you to get the connections if I go
 This connects to this and like you'll start seeing this big picture number two is then you need a strategy and a blueprint
 Okay, so for each of you guys there's two books. I've written I put my heart and my soul. I've read thousands of books
 So it's like hundreds of millions of hours of the stuff to be able to figure out like what actually work
 I put it into a book you can read in like a day
 So read the expert secrets book number one and then read the dot-com secrets book
 I actually see you the art
 Dot-com secrets into science, okay
 Then you look at what your skill set is and where does that plug into the art and science?
 You don't do everything to figure out what you are good at okay, and then what I recommend doing this kind of next step of it is like
 Those who gone through my certified partner programming certified people to build sales funnels
 The ones that are the most successful the ones that realize that they're not the best at everything
 Henry
 Kaminsky one of my buddies he was the inner circle for a look for for last year
 He talked about when he first came in he was he was a graphic designer
 He's like I'm a graphic designer. He's like I came in and he's like I kind of come back
 He didn't say it this way, but it was like similar like he understood like art and science Kate
 He's like I'm really good at graphics
 I don't know if other stuff so he starts studying and learning it and you realize like look there's pieces to this
 Like if you read dot-com secrets and experts secretly realize like there's there's pieces right and you can go and become expert all of it
 Or what he said he days like I built a Voltron team and some guys if you're if you're if you're young
 You know Voltron is you go Google it or you may remember power Rangers might be a better one for you guys
 Anyway, there's different versions of the Voltron basically they were like these five and same the power Rangers same storyline
 Probably same everything, but there's five people each other own superpower
 Right and went out there. They were really good
 And then like there'd be some big bad get always come and they couldn't defeat him individually said to
 To group together become Voltron and and all five pieces came together
 And then they can go and they fight and then they can come and they could they can win right and so Henry
 He's like I had a he said I was a good designer, but I'm bad. I'm bad at strategy
 So I had to bring a straight I had to find this strategy person to partner with so we partnered with
 With a strategy guy Dave our son on and he's like I need someone who gets a good selling
 So they partnered with sales person part of three or four people and they built this team's Voltron team and went out there
 With a lesson a year Henry made over a million dollars for this little company, right?
 Because he understood the art he understood like we're rainmakers and I'm good this piece of it
 But I need a couple people together so we can really make a rain
 I need someone to drive traffic something to do the sales so they can do these things that are all do the art
 Yeah, and you did that so for you guys and for my friend looking this like after you understand the art and the science
 You've immersed yourself so you're learning all these kind of things right
 Then you buy the expert secrets and dot-com secrets book and you read both of those now
 You understand the art and the science of how to make it rain now. You're looking back sick into where do I fit in this?
 Where like what am I passionate about like my good the storytelling part?
 I'm I good at the funnels my good at this like I figure out those pieces and then you can go to companies and
 Look at that say look like I'm really good this piece
 I can bring the thing to you okay or find a part of my two people come in and say look like we can come and do this thing
 Okay, I'm good example that you guys and I
 I don't normally share these kind of numbers, but I want to just to just kind of help right
 So some of you guys have seen the Harmon Brothers videos
 Some of you guys know that we are about to launch our Harmon Brothers video
 It's really sad for but they did squatty potty, poopery
 chat books fiber fix whole bunch of great videos right and
 And they make these these videos and they're good right really good. They go viral and they're amazing
 But if you look at the whole thing like actually they said back so
 I
 Wanted to hire them to do video for me
 So I messaged them two days after they'd actually message me which is kind of funny and they had this funnel the fiber fix
 Funnel they said the video went viral, but then the funnels and converting and they wanted my help
 And I was like funny. I just wanted to email you to see if you do video for us and as I we got a phone to kind of talk
 Through it and I was like in both of us rain makers right like they're they look at us like our videos make your rain
 We know what we know what they're worth and so I was like well how much does it cost to create a video?
 And I was like I was thinking maybe 50 60 grand or whatever and you know the very straight face
 He's like well we charge $500,000 a front plus 20% of ad spent I was like boohah
 What and it looks to be strange like he didn't say this in so many words
 But the words of this episode he said you know we know how to make it rain
 so that's what we're worth and that's what we charge and
 You know a few months later I wrote him a check and now they're gonna make it rain for us right and same thing
 They came to me it's the fire fix money like hey
 We want you to fill this funnel house to the cost like we can hire someone and most funnel stores 10 grand
 But you know for me it's quarter million bucks. He's like whoa. Why are you so expensive?
 I was like why not I make a rain
 Okay, and so then they did their deal right like because because it worked right and so and then as I as I went with the
 Horror Brothers when we did the video I could spend the most amazing experience
 I can't we show you guys the hole behind the scenes video there's some clips on funnel architecture TV
 You can see a little bits of it here and there but like it's amazing like
 It's not like two brothers who do this whole thing right like it's these guys who started in business and then
 When their their process is really cool like when when we hired them basically said okay
 We're new writing retreat and they found three amazing writers to write three different scripts for us
 We go this cabin and they had three writers come each writer reads their script each script was like insanely amazing
 Right, but three different comedic scripts and these guys again are our writers. They hired their their sketch comedy writers
 They show up three and then they came back and said okay, which three like the three which like the best
 It's what people like the best and they said okay, so all three guys
 And then when took close three this is this cabin went back and all three went and then they
 They took the best script and they took all the jokes and we've known the best jokes and wrote new script
 We came back short to the skin it was even more funny and they went back and forth and back and forth for two days to
 wait the script then after we had the script approved then they went and
 Then they said okay for the script to happen
 We have to have props so they hired someone to build stages
 They needed videos they hired video people and they did this they they hired all these people to make this amazing thing
 And I last weekend went and filmed it and then hopefully we're about them
 You know a little ways away from launching it
 But again with them it wasn't just them like they had built the Voltron team of people who could go and execute to make it rain
 Okay, so you have to start understanding that like like again come back to where we start like hierarchy of business right?
 There's the entrepreneur the entrepreneurs there they are obsessed with getting the message out about their thing not about the thing
 About getting the thing into other people's hands. That's that's that's why I love entrepreneurs because they're they're tied in this whole marketing thing
 They good entrepreneurs obsessed with the marketing and selling of the thing okay
 They are like the ultimate rainmaker
 Okay, and number two is the technicians who do the thing which are essential to the business, but again you've got a cap
 right
 But there's and your commodity so understand that you're there's a cap in your commodity, but you're in there right and you're gonna have a good
 typically secure
 Financial thing like all those kind of things like you get security you get things like that, but you're not gonna have like
 Unlimited income and then you have the rainmakers
 Okay, and so for you guys looking it's understanding of what a rainmaker does and what it is and and how the process works
 And figuring out how to take your skill your superpower and
 monetize yourself make you unique make yourself rare making some people pay you half a million dollars
 If you make them a three-minute video that crazy
 Okay, so pays me a quarter million bucks right now to make them a funnel
 Okay for me not nothing that takes me that wrong
 I just know what order the pages need to go and what messages in each page
 You know how to make a rain I'm obsessed with the thing for over a decade
 Okay, so if you guys it's like it's time to become obsessed become obsessed in your own company and if you're in the entrepreneur
 Your company listening to this okay become obsessed. Okay, you've got to be the lead rainmaker
 Okay, finally technicians plug in the right people and I can always say find eight players not be eight players
 3200 times more effective than the B players find eight player technicians pay them well
 Because you don't want to go find other technicians like plug in the best technicians you can find
 Okay, and then go find rainmakers and if you try to like cap rainmakers, they will leave you
 We'll understand that so you as an entrepreneur like find rainmakers and give them the ability to have unlimited ceilings in their income if they do that
 Again our rainmakers just an entrepreneur who whatever reason
 Life circumstances isn't able to go out on the order to do it
 Which is totally cool is nothing wrong that like wasn't for all the entrepreneurs my business like our company is like
 99% entrepreneurs like wasn't for my entrepreneurs
 We would not be whoever we are today, okay, and I try to like create our businesses in ways that people can grow and have you know
 Have unlimited earning potential
 And so like that's that's that's the key and the free is listening who who that's you and and you're maybe your second
 Intimition role or your or or you want more or you're in this this thing where you like you want to be an entrepreneur
 but you can't whatever like this this is where to focus on learning how to make a rain and
 and
 Then building team around you finding people find other find the other pieces and and networking not so much like find jobs
 Networking to find people to help you to be able to make it rain as soon as you have team
 Soon as you personally or your team can do that you go to any business on planet earth and write your own paycheck
 Okay, and then it comes down like picking the right businesses
 That's a whole another lecture for a whole other day
 But you know you because I've seen some funnel consultants who go in the mail and they get paid
 $1,000 to build a funnel other guys who paid a hundred grand the only difference is who they're who they're pitching to
 right if somebody if somebody is is and it's interesting I was
 And I'm not privy to share the details, but the harm of other campaigns, right?
 Like you look at them one of them was purple mattress, which is a thousand our mattress like
 Because every sale makes them a thousand dollars. That's been one of the most successful campaigns
 Chad books is an amazing probably the most viral video they have but each cell doesn't bring in you know that the
 Value to each customer is a lot less than so it's harder to pay to bring it's harder to continue to make that one rain
 and so for it is safe all you guys like like um if the the customer the client that you're working for if they're if their average
 Customer value is you know 30 bucks like working for a restaurant like you're making 30 bucks
 It's not good because we're for company where each customer's worth $25,000
 It's a lot easier just by what you want to charge people stuff like that. So all right well, it's late
 It's almost one. I gotta be having like six hours to go to the water park
 I'm in today's podcast
 I hope that helps you kind of look at how
 business works and
 Understanding that for you to be successful and make money you have to understand how to make money
 You got to learn how to make money. Don't just learn at your skill
 Because if you said you become a technician, which is fine if that's where you're happy with but if you really want
 Financial freedom and wealth and no limits and no ceiling you want to be able to grow
 Comes down to studying money and understand how it works understanding
 The marketing and the sales getting people in the door and getting their money from them is the most valuable or any business
 I don't care what the hoydy-twenty doctors tell you I don't care what you know all the people in school and colleges
 I get some most dignified most important role in in business. It wasn't for it like business would stop the economy would stop
 And so it's it's figuring out how to plug in your skill set into that piece of business because that's where the money's made
 when you're part of the people making the money it gives you the ability to have a percentage of that and
 Yeah, so hope it helps. So my friend is listening and everyone's listening once again
 immersion
 Get the blueprint
 Figure out where your your unique abilities and unique talents can plug in to that blueprint to make it rain
 For a company when you do that
 Yeah, we need a whole bunch more. So hope that helps you guys. Hope that helps buddy
 I'll go see your name cuz you know, but I appreciate you and hopefully hey guys someday again and
 Everybody else have a good night. Talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm seekers
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [Applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
