 Hey everybody this Russell Brunson and welcome you back to the marketing secrets podcast today's episode is one
 I'm really excited for it's a question. I've gotten a lot over the last 10 years
 Ever since I first started talking about business and started telling people they need to create products and sell them online
 And how much fun it is and how and they always ask them like what should I do?
 So I find you know, how do I find a market?
 I said you'll find something you're passionate about and talk about that and what always was strange to me
 So many people asked me like well Russell, how do I find my passion?
 I'm like what like for me that that concept never made any sense
 And so that's why I want to dive into that a little bit more in this episode because I think I may have found an answer
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody I got a little excited intro started to just jump into my thought
 I gotta stop we need the theme song or what's the point of a podcast, right?
 So I'm back and I want to talk about how to develop your passion. This is something that
 so many people asked about some people they'll like they they want to get into business and then they
 Naturally want to know like what business they should be in I say do what you're passionate about like what fires you up
 What gets you excited?
 Like what I first started learning this business. I was wrestling at time
 I wanted to build the wrestling company teaching wrestling and showing wrestling stuff and some wrestling shoes and singles because that's always passionate about right as
 I started getting into marketing and business I became passionate about this I started like geeking out
 I could think about was the marketing of things and selling of things and so that became my business
 And I think for most of you guys if you really want to have the business that's worthwhile that you're gonna love not just in the short term
 But in the long term is the one that you are the most passionate about so the question I get those like like well
 I'm not passionate about anything
 We're also like how do I find I'm passionate about like what what's the process and?
 For me, I just I think I was born with just like this weird thing where I'm excited about everything all the time
 So it's like a blessing and a curse it's a blessing because I like I already know like if click phones wasn't here
 Would be next business. I know exactly what I do next and exactly what I do next
 I have like an order of the things I'm excited about it's like I know for myself
 I very easily exactly what I do know what I do it and so because that that question is always hard for me
 I'm like I don't understand I doesn't compute in my brain
 and then a couple days ago I saw a
 Instagram post by Tom Billeboo
 Who is the founder of Quest bar Quest nutrition, which was recently?
 Valuated over a billion dollars. He sold a whole bunch of it and anyway super cool dude had a chance to hang out with him
 Earlier this year and just ton of respect for him and following him and he's got a podcast called impact theory
 Which is amazing and he's probably like the most quotable guy in the world our friend Natalie Hotsen if you guys been following Natalie at all
 Her whole house is like covered in Tom Billeboo quotes. She writes my life
 He's everything says is like just amazing. So anyway, with that said he posted some on Instagram
 And I was like oh yes, this is it
 I took a snapshot of it and right I'm looking at snapshot because it was like an actual blueprint for how to find a passion
 I think is is what so many people are missing
 So if you were in that spot, we were like I just am not passionate
 I don't know what I'm passionate or like what do I do?
 This Instagram post from Tom is amazing
 So I'm gonna read it and we're gonna talk about it
 And so I appreciate Tom helping us out with the content for today
 So his post that how to develop passion and goes through five things number one
 Go experiment with a ton of stuff. Okay, if you don't really passion out like that's
 Probably because you're not trying enough things like go do a bunch of things like just go randomly try tons of stuff
 Right try bowling try basketball try running try playing games or reading books or even more books
 Try to listen to podcasts like just experiment the ton of stuff
 So you find stuff that like starts peeking your interest that's number one go experiment numbers with a ton of stuff number two
 Identify things that spark your interest. Okay, so as you're going through this thing where you're just trying a whole bunch of stuff
 What are the things that peak your interest? What is it like? Oh, that was cool. I want to learn more about that
 What do you get deeper into like what are the things like when you're scrolling the Instagram stop you and you're like?
 Oh, I want to learn more about that and you start searching and start geeking out on it, right?
 So number one go experiment time stuff number two identify the things that spark your interest and number three is
 Engaged deeply with those things so things that spark your interest now. It's time not just to get surface level but go deep into it
 Okay, so you go deep into something when you start going and like okay
 What are the other books other podcasts the other things the other places?
 I can go and study and learn this more who are the mentors who are the people like the more you go?
 The the the deeper you go typically what's gonna happen one of two things you start going deep either you lose interest or
 You go deep and starts getting more and more exciting, right? I know with
 With me in in a college when I decided I wanted to sell software online
 I thought I'm gonna do that so I it
 It sparked an interest in me, right?
 So I shifted my major to computer formation systems and I started studying it I started going to class in the first day
 I like I was like this is amazing and I started getting deeper into it deeper into it like four days in
 I was like I don't know what they're talking about anymore
 Okay, so I started going deep and it just it didn't keep resonance like I can't build software
 I guess not it didn't engage with me, but I know that touch started trying to go deep, right?
 So some people just never go deep so you have to start going deep and start
 Engaging with those things to find out which ones like really stick which ones are gonna have a huge impact with you, right?
 So start geeking out. Okay now in our world today
 It's so easy like literally going by all the books listen to the podcast like as much as you can on those topics
 I remember when I first learned about NLP
 Neural logistics programming my first or that concept I was like oh this is cool
 I started dabbling I started geeking out and then I literally went on a binge and went on Amazon about every book
 They had the word NLP in the title or description. I went to iTunes and I googled ever like Google I tuned
 I searched for every podcast about NLP. I started
 Youtubing it and within like a week and a half. I had everything ever created on NLP
 In my office or on my desk or my computer does listening to it studying it mastering it and within a very short period time
 It became something that like I would actually love to go and create courses on NLP and how they relate back to sales and sales phones
 Maybe I will someday but I got deeply passionate and I went deep. Okay, so number three is engaged deeply with those things number four
 As you engage if it goes from interest to true fascination go down the path of gaining mastery
 Yes
 I'm talking right now as you're engaging as you're going deeper you're looking for
 What things are going to shift?
 Into a true fascination and then after you have that then it moves you step number five which you wrote fascination plus mastery equals passion
 Ooh
 Fascination plus mastery equals passion
 So you're fascinated by something and then you start geeking out and going deep on it until you become a master of it
 And that is your passion. Okay, so for any of us think passion is just gonna bubble to the top and just like oh
 I'm passionate about the thing it doesn't typically work that way
 Okay, they got your kids your kids are young and do a whole bunch of things right my kids trying a whole bunch of different sports and activities and schooling and
 New friends and they're just like experimenting with some tons of stuff right then number two
 They identify the things that spark their interest right number three the deeply engage with those things
 They go deep and start figuring out
 Number four as they engage if it goes from interest to true fascination
 Then they go down the path of gaining mastery and refine fascination plus mastery equals passion
 Ah so good Tom you are the man. Thank you for sharing out with us today
 I hope that helps any of you guys who are trying to figure it out now you got a path and a framework and it's not difficult
 It's pretty simple right
 So I'm gonna read this one more time just you guys have it for those who are taking notes
 Or those from the car who just need repetition okay because those things that if you're struggling with it
 Like I don't want you to miss it. Okay, so number one go experiment with a ton of stuff number two identify
 I think that sparks your interest number three engage deeply with those things number four as you engage if it goes from
 Interest to true fascination go down the path of gaining mastery and number five fascination plus mastery equals passion
 That is where you're gonna find your passion. All right. I got one more cool quote. I want to share with you guys also from Tom's Instagram today
 And this one
 It's actually today that I'm recording this a smartly with the king day
 So I know it'll be a week or two pass up by typing it's have a chance to listen to it
 But this is a quote from Martin Luther King, which is so good. He said whatever your life's work is do it
 Well, a man should do his job so well that the living the dead and the unborn could do no could do it no better
 Oh, that is good. Oh, that's good. Okay, so that comes back to this whole
 Fascination plus masjake master your craft becomes so good at it
 Like what Martin Luther King said whatever your life's work is do it well a man should do his job so well
 That the living the dead and the unborn could do it no better
 And so for me, I think that's what is it funnels? What is it for you?
 Alright guys, appreciate listening
 Hopefully this will help you on your path to figure out your passion because I promise you if your business if your business is built
 Upon things you're passionate about you'll have a way more excitement when we're joy way more fulfillment as you were changing lives
 The people you're sure that you're serving if something you're not passionate about you're not gonna care as much about that about the people about anything
 So become passionate become obsessed. I remember I was watching the dry bar comedy club interview the aunt
 Andrew Warner for mixture. She did with me
 About two months ago
 I was watching the replays of just kind of getting into it
 And it was funny because he's talking about business that you can build anything and then he's like you picked funnels
 And you're so passionate about funnels and you know, all these people excited like like wife funnels like that's like the most boring thing in the world
 And I was like I know but for me it was fascinating, right?
 And it's funny because for the first decade of me
 Doing this like I would learn about these things I go to these business conferences and like half people in the audience
 They're sound asleep and like no one's like that excited. I'm like, oh like you guys not getting this like this is the most amazing thing in the world
 I'd be freaking out and you know as I've kind of built my platform
 I was like, you know, I want to make this cool
 I want to make funnels and direct response marketing these things that are geeky nerdy subjects that typically, you know
 Are exciting on make this exciting because it is exciting and so for me, it's like
 I look at this path, you know, it was like
 I engaged and I got true fascination and then I mastered it myself
 And then my passion is like sharing so the people, right?
 That's why we book click phones
 We have these books and the courses and the podcast and everything because we're so passionate about it and the passion
 creates excitement and desire and other people and if I can do that right then other people come to us and come to me and
 Come into our our world because I see the passion
 They see master day, see those things and we can make them fascinated as well. And so
 When you are extremely passionate about something
 It's way more likely the others around you will be as well. So
 All right, I'm gonna bounce. I gotta get back to work on my slides the 10x event is like a week and half away
 A lot of work to do appreciate you guys listening in if you enjoy this podcast
 Please take a picture of it and share it on instagram and facebook tag me and also use the hashtag marketing secrets
 And um, I would love to see that see your comments. Thanks everybody. Appreciate you all and we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called dot com secrets
 And you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back sass startup company in the world
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
