 So, the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 I'm here on my house today about to head out to my son's kindergarten graduation, which
 is pretty exciting.
 So, it was cute we were talking about last night and he was like, "What's graduation
 means?"
 So, we got to explain that.
 But I'm super excited about heading out and it's one of the cool things like the one
 downside we're doing the podcast was also the video.
 So, those of you who are listening to iTunes, if you're going to marketing seekers.com,
 there's also a video version of these.
 But I used to just do them on my phone all the time, which was a lot easier and I could
 do more often.
 So, I had a bunch of things in my mind I wanted to share with you guys that I had a chance
 to tell right now.
 So, I got a few minutes wanted to kind of just hang out with all my marketing secrets
 people.
 So, a couple things.
 One thing is, if you listened to last week's episode or the last episode I didn't talk
 about faith and like, "Hey, I have faith first in a mentor, in a business, in a product,
 in all those kind of things."
 Because otherwise everyone would do it right.
 It takes away all the joy and the excitement and the fun and the all those things disappear.
 And there's a book, a lot of my Mormon friends know it's called Faith Proceeds the Miracle.
 And without getting into the content of the book, just the title is right.
 Think about that.
 Faith proceeds the miracle.
 Like, you want to miracle.
 You want to launch a business.
 You want to change the world.
 You want to do whatever.
 It starts with faith.
 Faith in yourself.
 Process, faith in it all.
 So anyway, I'll leave that there.
 Alright, so today what I want to talk about, if you've listened to me talk recently, we're
 talking about how the transition is from going from zero to a million dollars a year, a million
 to ten and ten to a hundred.
 And it's interesting like the different mindset tweaks and the creativity switch.
 Like, go from zero to millions all about figuring out your what and your how.
 What is it you're selling and how are you selling it?
 As soon as you feel that out, you just easy to get to a million bucks.
 Then million to ten is all about figuring out acquisition funnels to get people in,
 ascension funnels to send people up and monetization funnels.
 Okay, and that's like the next phase in the process.
 And the third phase is traffic.
 Like how do you convert cold traffic to more traffic, things like that.
 And our jobs entrepreneurs shift our creativity from like figuring out what in the house.
 And you feel that?
 I know it's transitioning our creativity to the front and the back end and the ascension
 funnels.
 And you feel that out and get those things in place and it's transitioning to our creativity
 and traffic and lead generation.
 So it's cool is that in our company, like the first two phases are done, right?
 And it's fun because like the two comic club coaching, which we launched a little while
 ago, is all about folks like any people from zero to a million, right?
 The what and how.
 And then in circles about about the second phase, which is going from seven to eight figures,
 which is all about figuring out the acquisition, ascension and monetization funnels.
 And then the next phase is where my next group of people, I think about opening another group
 called the inner inner circle.
 Anyway, I don't know what it is.
 It'll be really, really, obviously a lot more expensive, but the goal of that one is
 going to be like traffic and creativity and traffic.
 And that's working right now.
 It's my focus is like thinking about this.
 In fact, all weekend long, I started geeking on SEO again, which I swore I would never
 do.
 I hate SEO, right?
 But as I started thinking about this, like, you know, SEO, like I've had times in our
 company where we were at number one for like work at home and internet marketing and internet
 marketing strategies, all these really cool keywords.
 But we did like the gray hat way.
 Shades of gray.
 I don't know.
 There's there's black hat stuff that we didn't really do.
 There's gray hat we definitely did.
 And then there's white hat that like was too annoying because I was like, ah, takes too
 long.
 But it's weekend.
 I started kind of re-geeking out on it and thinking about and looking at like the white
 hat strategies and like, I always hate them because they seem so slow and organic and
 like, you know, like SEO supposed to be.
 But then I realized that that it doesn't have to be slow and organic.
 It just has to, you need to get the right things from the right people.
 And it was funny because I was geeking out studying and learning all sorts of stuff.
 Like I had this weird impression where I was just like, the way to rank the like SEO,
 the way to rank an SEO is it's the same principle.
 Like we talk about this inside of fill your funnel course to talk about it and the extra
 secrets.
 But I talk about over and over again is the concept of the dream 100, right?
 The dream 100 is key.
 Like, uh, check homes I learned before use that cell advertising in magazines and also
 he used it to get his screenplay written and published in Hollywood, right?
 I'd use it to generate affiliates.
 Um, but the dream 100 is also the key to SEO ranking.
 Dream 100 is also the key to Instagram influencers and, and it's the key to YouTube.
 Like all these traffic strategies, like the dream 100 is the key.
 And some of you guys like Russell notes, not like it's all about whatever, right?
 Like back linking in keywords, but think about this.
 So, um, we hired Neil Patel to, uh, come do a training with us.
 Uh, we pay him 20 grand to come hang out for the day and kind of just, uh, look at our
 stuff and give us a feedback on the SEO side.
 He said basically like blog every single day and you need to get links from like the best
 sites, like Forbes and Inc and things like that.
 And then a data service was like 20 or 30 grand a month.
 I can't remember where they were just getting some links from these high quality sites.
 And, um, and first to like magic to me, like I don't know how to get a link from Forbes.
 It doesn't make sense to me.
 Uh, then I started working with Andrew O'Brien who does, uh, our PR stuff.
 And that's what he was doing is getting links from all these sites.
 Like we got, we've been written in Forbes a couple of times now and entrepreneur, we're
 in, we're getting these links back and we're seeing rankings.
 And what's interesting though is I've been interviewed by these different writers in
 different sites.
 Like I realize like there's just people just like all of us, right?
 And the dream 100 works on people.
 So let's just say like I wanted to get ranked for whatever.
 Um, instead of me going back and doing all the black hat link building, all that crap
 we used to do back in the day, it was really fun and automated and it was really fun, what
 can I, but instead of doing that, like what if you just built like here's the dream 100
 list of the people sites I'd want my link on or I want to try an article about me or
 let's say you go to Huffington Post and like here's the dream 100 right because Huffington
 Post Fox news, like all these things, there's tons of writers, right?
 So like we make a dream 100 list of the writers who ran on sites and we focus on the dream
 100 towards them to get them to write about us, right?
 And let's say there's, let's say there's 100 writers and say I do the dream 100 strategy
 at the top 10 or top 20, you know, it doesn't have to be 100 people, but like top 20 writers
 on Huffington Post or on Forbes or whatever.
 And we, we market to those people and build relationships with those people and all the
 stuff we talk about in the dream 100 and I get those people the right articles.
 Now as I get 10, 20, 30 articles written from Forbes, Inc.
 entrepreneur, like that'll rank me for most major keywords, right?
 Who are the sites that are already ranking for our keywords?
 Dream 100 of those people and like figure out how to get on those pages.
 This is, I don't know what's called, but like, let's say you type in internet marketing,
 you know, I might not be able to get ranked number one internet marketing, but who are
 those top 10 people with stream 100 of those people and find, become friends with them
 and maybe I can get a banner on their site or a pop up or email number one in their email
 sequence or, you know, a million other things like there's so many ways to do it.
 The dream 100 is the key.
 Like it's interesting.
 It's key in there and say YouTube, let's say you want to dominate YouTube.
 It's like, okay, who are the dream, who's my dream 100 there that already have my visitors
 and eyeballs?
 What can I do to get to them?
 Like a good example, JP Sears, who I love his videos.
 He's like one of our dream 100.
 We met him, we paid him a little money, come to our event, we made a video with him.
 He shared that video that we made of him telling his thing on his page and got a half
 million views.
 Half million people from one person on my dream 100 on a Facebook and YouTube channel.
 Like that's it.
 And it just makes you think like, like where does this, I mean, it works everywhere, Instagram.
 I want to be a dominant Instagram.
 I'm going to dominate Twitter.
 I want to dominate wherever you're at.
 Like who are the people already dominating?
 Dream 100 on build relationships, rapport, buying ads, all those kinds of things.
 It's interesting.
 So we have a traffic meeting a little later on today and this is the topic of the traffic
 meeting with my internal team is dream 100 and when we do an SEO and YouTube are too
 big, and basically YouTube is because we're trying to, SEO started because we're trying
 SEO do better SEO for our videos and then it's kind of like you got a weekend on it.
 So I don't know about you, I'm a big fan of immersion.
 This is my learning stuff.
 I get excited about something.
 Then like I go deep, really, really fast and like don't sleep for like three or four
 days, which is what I did this weekend at SEO.
 I was just like studying all the best people, going deep, right?
 What's relevant?
 What's not today?
 Like how it's changed?
 Like what's the game?
 What are the news tools?
 Trying to get really cool.
 One is immersion number two from these finding mentors.
 I found two or three people that really get SEO that I'm going to be mentoring me.
 That's the game.
 Immersion mentorship domination dream 100.
 Anyway, so for you guys, again, some of you guys aren't going to care SEO or Instagram
 or whatever it is, but think about the channel you want to dominate and that's the plan.
 Build a dream 100 list, immerse yourself for a weekend and just geek out, figure out the
 strategy to get to lay the land and find a mentor or two and go deep.
 So those who are in our failure funnel course, by the way, this is what you're getting access
 to.
 So this first month, we already know Facebook, I think, is good if not better than anybody.
 So John, who's my partner on, he's going to be, he's doing all the Facebook training.
 So that's this first module and module two are going deep into YouTube, which will be
 next month.
 We're going, we're geeking out on the next, my guess is month after I have SEO because
 I'm kind of geeking out on it, whatever I'm geeking out on at the time is what we'll
 be bringing all the failure funnel people in onto.
 So it's exciting.
 So those who got into failure funnel at the fun, hiking live event, you're welcome.
 It's gonna be so much fun.
 And those who aren't, well, probably you're open that up in next month or two for those
 who haven't, but I mean, it's all thinking about this, get your creativity and like,
 how can we create them to get traffic?
 Like what are different ways?
 You will notice over the next three months, three months, there's two big focuses that
 I have in my company.
 One is acquisition and number two is retention.
 So we have a really cool retention strategy we're building out.
 It has to do with nude squirrels.
 That's all you get right now.
 It's awesome.
 And then acquisition, you're gonna see a whole bunch of stuff from infomercials to viral
 websites to viral videos to social like, anyway, I hope you guys are watching what I'm doing
 because there's a lot of cool stuff happening.
 It was interesting.
 I was telling our team this yesterday, a lot of the strategy we're doing now are things
 that we did 10 years ago that nobody does anymore.
 And just glad I've been around that long.
 Like I remember it.
 We had success with these viral sites we used to do back in the day.
 Like I'd get 100,000, 200,000 members within like two or three weeks.
 And they're amazing.
 And we're gonna do it again.
 You guys are gonna love it.
 So you'll see it, but watch it and model it.
 Because this is Russell, folks who have creativity on traffic and like, what's gonna happen?
 And so if you're watching close and taking notes, you'll see what's happening.
 Because right now ClickFunnels is the 750th most visited website in the world.
 And it's actually way more than that.
 But if you're using custom domains, then obviously it doesn't count towards traffic.
 So that's just people, it's us driving traffic ClickFunnels and people using ClickFunnels
 in their sub domain.
 I would say if we were to take all traffic coming through ClickFunnels, probably the
 top 300 most visited websites in the world.
 So we're about to crank up the heat a lot.
 So it's exciting.
 Anyway, that's like obvious today.
 I just want you guys thinking about this traffic, creativity, how do you folks who are creativity
 on traffic.
 If you don't know how to do that, then just watch me and start modeling what I'm doing
 over the next few months because you'll see a lot of it hitting hard the next three months.
 Because that's my next phase.
 Anyway, that's what I got you guys.
 I appreciate you all.
 If you're listening on iTunes, please leave me a review.
 I would appreciate it.
 Even if your reviews like Russell talks too fast, that's cool.
 But please leave a review.
 If you are marking cigarettes.com, watching this video anywhere else, please share the
 video.
 It helps me to keep wanting to do these and spending time with you guys.
 I appreciate you all.
 Thanks so much for everything and we'll talk to you soon.
 Bye.
 Want more marketing secrets?
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets.
 You can get a free copy at ExpertSecrets.com.
 Book number two is called .com Secrets.
 You can get your free copy at .comsecrets.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest
 growing non-VC backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 (audience applauds)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
