 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing series podcast
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing series
 All right everybody, so I'm not in a podcast for the while and the main reason is that
 Breathe it out. I apologize. I'm coughing
 But I must get some messages out. I had a really cool Christmas episode
 I wanted to do and I just I was literally dying so I couldn't
 But I still think I'm gonna do it as a New Year's episode instead, but
 Anyway, that's kind of that's yeah, basically what happened is New Year's Eve. We were getting
 It's on my brother and
 Brad and his family came over for
 For dinner and rightfully showed up. I started filming really kind of like I say my legs hurt stuff
 So I took some medicine and that's where it began and I've had since then it's been six days now
 fever of
 103 104 degrees constantly since then
 which means I've been forced to be in bed and
 Have an eating anything so lost 15 pounds in the last
 Since then so one positive of everything else they didn't have to cardio to lose weight
 So I was pretty sweet, but I've been eating anything yet in a week
 I'm still hungry. So I'm just gonna keep riding. It's all I tell my body tells me I put tongue Greek in
 but
 Anyway, so I'm feeling a little better today. My cough is harder today. So that's only things kind of like
 Herden, but I just too excited right now about where I'm about to go to someone to share with you guys because and it's funny
 I had this weird fear about sharing this and you guys and I don't know why I
 Think I might know why
 So some of the backstory of this beat is I actually
 My dad bought me the book rich dadboard and actually
 Before I got there for a sad poor dad book my dad always told me that you should try to pay off your house first
 It was like
 Climmer he paid his house off his all excited. He's like yeah, you always would be your house off
 Like that's just one thing you should want to do
 I did an episode on this probably three or four months ago about paying your house off first like and
 the reasoning was like
 Because it gives you that the security of your house been paid off gives you the ability to go up there and risk as an entrepreneur
 Which you know what to make like crazy risk sometimes? It's hard though
 If you to risk things where I can't get my family to lose their house
 I could you know like that's the weird fear there and so
 And so anyway, my dad got me the rich dad poor dad book
 I read that and we're talking about assets investments
 And I was like you'd be a moron to pay your house off
 Why would you ever do that doesn't make any sense and ever ask my dad that I was like why would you like doesn't make any sense dad?
 Like all of my just sitting there and you said you know what it may be sitting there
 I may not be the smartest investment in the world. Why do you be dumb investment?
 I tell you what you sleep better than I know me this paid off knowing that
 No matter what you risk as an entrepreneur you're not gonna lose that new house your family always have the house to be in
 And so after that point I always wanted to pay off my house and I remember I
 remember my
 The first house to be my wife and I bought we lived me for 10 or 11 years
 And it wasn't crazy house was a nice house and I was gonna pay it off, but
 Just never was able to and
 Towards the end. I knew I wanted to buy another house. I just didn't put a lot of money into that
 Then we bought this new house
 Three years ago, it's kind of crazy house
 And I was like gang like so my gold initiative. I want to pay it off within a year buying it
 And I was not able to but it was kind of crazy. It wasn't only it was a real goals kind of like oh yeah
 I told people that's kind of cool
 and
 Then the second year went by and I I taken a big whack down on the house
 We also build a pool house that summer and a couple of things, but we
 But we hadn't paid it off. It's the last Christmas time last New Year's
 My sense New Year's resolutions and I had two New Year's resolutions
 One was to get past the main constraint outside of ClickFunnels to cover my monthly living expenses
 Which is less than 20 grand a month. It's like I think something that covers 20 grand a month
 And I could live for free if the business disappeared and the second thing is
 The second thing would be to pay off my house
 And so that was my goal a year ago and then after that's when we had this if you go back in time to listen to the podcast like storming and flooding
 our house flooded like craziness and then we
 Rehab the whole house took eight months and then we
 Build a huge crazy soccer field all sorts of things that I still paid a lot of money towards the house trying to get trying to get paid off
 But I mean it's a big it was eleven thousand square foot house on five acres. It's a big house, right?
 and
 Anyway last week I messaged my accountant or see
 CFO I'm gonna call him. He's awesome. I messed him
 I was like hey Clint like can I have my house off this year? Is that possible and he's all get back to you
 So he got back to a little while. He's like yep, you want to be fine. I'm like are you serious?
 So I just on my death been went in the office and I picked up
 This piece paper here with this check inside and it is literally
 The paperwork to go pay off my house and I'm driving to the bank right now to meet my wife over there
 I pay my house off right now, and it's gonna be gone and now I'll never like I don't even know
 I'm kind of freaking out and I'm excited and it's gonna be the coolest thing ever so
 I don't give in this is kind of anything ever the cool thing
 I'm picking up my parents tonight at 1139 picking up the airport. I'm so excited to my dad say dad guess what?
 So there you go. That's kind of fun exciting to share with you guys. All right, so I do have a message today that
 It's pertinent to everybody so
 Last thing that I've been trying to do from my deathbed this last week or two before the end of the year
 Was basically is to figure out where are the weaknesses in my business?
 How do I fortify against those weaknesses Ken?
 It's not weeks like for me. It wasn't like
 It's not weaknesses like in people maybe a couple places like we need different people or the right people or things like that
 But there's just there's just holes there's gaps in the business things you're not you don't pay attention to because of whatever your personality type is
 You don't see you notice right?
 It's what I'm trying to identify those and then and then figure out what those things are like where where places that you could be destroyed, right?
 Like legally you legally compliant on everything are you?
 You know are you doing this right and like things about that like like where are the gaps you have in your business?
 You could you could literally get destroyed if you're not careful
 There's a in the good old Book of Mormon. I'm gonna show you guys another story from there
 But it's important there was a fact if you've read the expert seekers book
 I talked about a guy named Captain Moroni and this was I believe it's actually him telling the story. I might be wrong
 But basically he was he was protecting
 he was protecting the
 the this his his city right and
 And in most places they have like this where the armies are at but between like where all their strong guards were
 at these weaknesses and
 And so Captain Moroni was like hey, we need to fortify our weak spots and
 He said because you know even even our especially our enemies
 They know our weak spots are out like they know how to destroy them we just strengthen them
 And so he went and he started fortifying putting armies and people and like
 stuff in place for tech through weak places and
 They did that and then when the armies came to try to storm them and try to try to get them shut down
 they weren't able to because
 Because
 Because they fortified the weaknesses and strengthened them and so for me that's been our really our goal flask of weeks
 Just say okay, where where are we weak like where could we be in trouble?
 Like where what things we've done stupidly that we just didn't pay attention to things that we as entrepreneurs are running so fast
 a million miles a minute we don't think about
 The little thing here the thing there like what are the pieces we're missing where where are the holes?
 We need to fortify and then we're actively fortifying those things those pieces and like getting the people in place or the structure the systems or the
 legal docs or like whatever those things are try to fortify ourselves and
 That's kind of a lot of share with you guys say I think that is
 Important for all of us to look at I don't like credit. You can bank somewhere right around here
 I don't know where exactly it's at so I'm gonna pay this thing all there sweet
 Anyway, so that's what I share with you guys a chart thing to throw things a lot times us entrepreneurs
 We get so obsessed with the marking the sale of our thing
 Which is obviously the most important part that we forget about like the protection of that thing so
 That's my recommendation is is to spend some time this holiday season
 Think about to protect your things
 You don't ever lose it to some things that are stupid
 They want to join your business should should not be successful as if the market doesn't want your product or service like that
 That makes sense all the other reasons are stupid and they come from us not protecting ourselves
 so that said protect yourselves fortify ourselves against those holes those gaps and
 Thanks everybody and we'll talk to you as all again soon
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 behind-the-scenes reality TV show at
 www.Funnelhacker.tv
 me.
