 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Markman Seeker's podcast.
 Today, I want to talk about the secret to increasing the perceived value of whatever it
 is you're selling.
 I'm going to tell you guys a story about how somebody did this to me this weekend and
 it was amazing.
 Here we go.
 So, the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Markman Seeker's.
 All right, so I'm going to give you some backstory.
 What gives me is no that I'm mildly obsessed with books, books are the coolest, like seriously
 come on now.
 And so, my office I'm in now is swelling with books.
 Like we have big bookshelves but there's like no room left at all.
 So, I decided to start a project where we're going to build a library, like a huge library
 in the lot next to our office so I can have more books.
 So I think my office right now has, I think we do the math, there's like a little under
 10,000 books right now and the new office will hold, the library will hold like 60,000
 books which is crazy.
 And I'm going to have different sections and like one section that's going to be just
 about business, one on personal development, one on health, one on religion, like just
 the different topics that I'm passionate about, right?
 And so, and then in there I'll have all the books that matter on all those topics and
 it's going to be amazing.
 But on top of that, I might be kind of a collector of old books because old books are the coolest
 thing ever.
 And so, in each section, for the religion section, for example, it'll be a big white
 glass bulletproof case that has these old religious books in there.
 And then same thing with personal development.
 I'm looking at this, lots of success at the Napoleon Hill, we're all way back in the day.
 That's so cool.
 Anyway, that would be on display under these bulletproof glass and a bunch of the cool
 things.
 So, anyway, there's kind of the frame to wear a mat, right?
 And so, anyway, there's this guy who messaged me this week and was like, "Hey, I'm one of
 the top, or not one of them.
 I'm the top rare Mormon book collectors in the world."
 And he's like, "I'm in Utah right now and I can come and show you some of the things
 I have and start telling all the stuff he has."
 I'm like, "Heck yeah dude, if you want to drive up here, I'll look at it."
 He's not thinking that I'm going to purchase anything.
 So, anyway, so the guy drives up and he has these cases and brings them out and he's got
 all these old, insanely cool, amazing books, right?
 Now, again, I can't tell you all the details because, anyway, some things don't make any
 logical sense, but I'll give you the basic gist.
 So, to me, I actually bought a first edition book of Mormon back in the day, which is one
 of my prized possessions.
 And he had like five first editions.
 And mine's like a good one.
 These are insane, like the highest quality in the world, right?
 And so, when he brought him, I'm like, "I'm going to look at these things, but I already
 have one.
 I don't need another one.
 There's no way I'm going to do it, right?"
 And he tells us ahead of time, he says, "You know, I'm not the best sales person in
 the world, but once I show you these books, I'm going to tell you a story behind each
 of them."
 I'm like, "Okay."
 And so, one at a time, he pulls out the book and you see it.
 And he goes, "Oh, cool.
 Yeah, I have one like that."
 And then he starts telling you the story behind it.
 Like, "Let me tell you how I found this.
 This is where I got it.
 This is what it looks like.
 This is why it's so cool.
 This is like, look at this.
 Look at the inscription.
 Look at the thing here.
 Look at the thing and start showing you all the pieces about it.
 Where it's in like 10 minutes, like, "Oh my gosh.
 Like I want that so bad, right?"
 And then he shows the first book and he's like, "Here's the second book and pulls it
 out and tells the story behind that and how he found it and how, you know, why it's so
 cool and the intricacies and why this one's different and why it's so important and why
 very few people have it and like the scarcity of it, right?
 Like, the second book is the second edition printing of the Book of Mormon.
 It was so cool.
 And he's like, "Just, you know, there's only 25 of these on the planet Earth right now
 that we know of and this one is the best quality one."
 And like, shows that and I'm like, "That's so cool."
 You know, but still my head, I'm like, "I'm not here to buy anything."
 And they shows the third one and the fourth one and the fifth one.
 They shows this other one and they decide just going through book after book, all these
 things.
 And as he did it, he didn't just like, "Oh, here's the book."
 Like, show it to me.
 He told me the story about each one.
 And what's interesting is as he told the story, the story, as you guys know, if you've
 been following me for any amount of time, the story increases the perceived value of
 the thing, right?
 And so by hearing each the story, he went from like, "Oh yeah, that's a book."
 Like, there's no book to like, "Oh, there's no book that's pretty cool."
 And he was like, "Oh my gosh, I really want this old book."
 And by the end, it's like, "I have to have this at all costs.
 Like this needs to be my library.
 Otherwise what's the point of building a library?
 I should just burn it to the ground, right?"
 And so it was just fascinating.
 And this was like one of my interesting takeaways.
 Because I asked this guy, he finds these things, collects them in the cells.
 And I said, "Is this hard for you to sell these after you find them?
 And you know the stories?"
 And he told me something interesting.
 He said, "I've regretted every book I've sold."
 He's like, "But this is what I do.
 This is what I've done for the last 40 years."
 And it was interesting because I was noticing myself as he told the stories how engrossed
 I got into the story of each book and how important it became to me.
 And I remember feeling this other thing where I was like, "If I don't buy this, how much
 regret I was going to have?
 Because I'm going to miss out on the story and the thing."
 And like all the stuff, you know?
 So by him telling his story, the same regret that he was having by selling this book was
 the same regret I was going to have if I didn't have the book.
 It was super fascinating, don't you think?
 And anyway, and then there's so many sales lessons.
 Like I can tell you, from this guy, he's like, "I'm a horrible salesperson."
 But then also talking about the status, right?
 As he's showing me these books and like, he's like, "There's a lot of people who have
 three but there's no one that has all five of these."
 He's like, "Maybe one or two people on this planet."
 He's like, "Ince me you'd be one of the top five rare, more book collectors on the planet
 if you had this set."
 And then this, and then you know, just like, "It's crazy."
 And you know, I come into this thing not planning on buying anything.
 I just wanted to see what he has till two hours, three hours later, writing one of the biggest
 checks in my life.
 But I share it to you because I want you to understand that is the power of story, right?
 I always tell you guys, like, if you're teaching a concept, you have to tell the story about
 how you learned or you earned it.
 If you're selling a product or a service or a thing, you have to tell the story about
 how it was created.
 The story is the thing that increases the perceived value.
 Like it literally went from like, "Here's an old book."
 Like, "Oh, sweet."
 Let me tell you the story of the book.
 And then you've got a deeper story and the meaning and all these kind of things.
 You've got a point where like, "Oh, wow, that's really cool."
 It's like, "Or do they want that?"
 To like, "If I don't have that, I'm going to lose something."
 I'm like, the fear of missing out of not having that became so big and so large that
 I was willing to do, you know, as a buyer, just something completely irrational to make
 sure that we had it, right?
 Anyway, it's just fascinating.
 It was such a cool case study to me to see these things being used on me.
 In fact, I told them at the end, I was like, "Dude, you told me two hours ago that you're
 not that good at selling."
 I'm like, "All selling is telling a story in a way that increases the perceived value
 of the thing that you're trying to sell."
 I said, "Based on that definition of selling, you're the greatest salespeople I've ever
 seen."
 Right?
 And so what you guys understand that, a lot of times we think, "Oh, we need the new sales
 trick.
 I need this technique.
 I need that."
 All these kind of things, it's like, "No, no, no."
 Like, the best salespeople, the thing that they do is they tell a story that increases
 the perceived value of the thing that they're trying to get you to desire.
 And if you desire it, then you're going to want it, right?
 To the point where if you don't have it, then you're going to feel the same regret that
 that person has giving it away, right?
 Like, "If I don't have this, what would happen tomorrow or the next day?
 How are we going to feel like all the other emotions start flooding in as well?"
 Right?
 And so that was the fascinating thing.
 So anyway, I want to show you guys for so many reasons.
 And one, I'm excited.
 I got sold.
 I love getting sold.
 It's the greatest thing in the world.
 Just the lesson.
 And that is the lesson.
 Like, how do you tell your story in a way that increases the perceived value of the
 thing you're selling?
 That's the big secret.
 That's the big aha.
 It's not becoming slick at selling or figuring out the masterful funnel or any of those things,
 right?
 It's getting good at telling the story about the thing that you're selling in a way that
 increases the perceived value so that it goes from, "Oh, it's cool."
 To a desire.
 If I don't have this thing, I'm going to regret it for the rest of my life.
 And that's the magic.
 So anyway.
 Think of that for your product.
 Think about next time you're on a Facebook Live or doing a podcast or you're trying to
 sell something or whatever it is, or your face to face with somebody or whatever.
 Right?
 What's the story?
 How did you learn it?
 How did you earn it?
 How did you create it?
 How did you find it?
 What was the thing?
 Why is it so important?
 Why is it valuable?
 How's that person's status going to be increased if they haven't?
 How's their status going to decrease if they don't have it?
 Right?
 How are they going to regret this in the future if they don't have it?
 Like, those are all these little things that are tied to the story that make it the point
 where it's like, "Oh, I have to have this thing."
 The better you get at that, the more money you're going to make.
 Anyway, that's all I got you guys.
 I hope you enjoyed it.
 Someday when this library is done, this will become part of the pilgrimage to Internet
 Marketing.
 Mecha, you'll have to come to Boise, Idaho, and come look at the library and walk through
 it and see it.
 It's going to be something magical.
 There's more things planned inside the library/event center/stuff.
 But anyway, someday, hopefully you guys have a chance to come see it.
 I'm sure that as we start building it, you guys will see the footage and the videos and
 all this stuff.
 Oh, there's so many cool things that are happening in it.
 In fact, right now, today, they're out there literally surveying the land, which is exciting.
 Anyway, so one of those things, one of those dreams will become a reality and I'm really
 excited for it.
 My plan is to build out a whole research center and start hiring people to come do research
 and finding things and searching.
 I want to be able to take -- one of my roles here is to sift through tons and tons of information
 and to find the best things and bring it back to you.
 If you look at my books, it's like me going through 10,000 books and 100,000 split tests
 and things trying to get things.
 My books are like, "Here's what I found.
 Here's the actual -- here's what actually works."
 I wanted to add a bigger scale, I want to move that and all the topics I'm inside about
 life.
 And building out research seems to go through and plow through tens of thousands of books,
 find out the core pieces, bring them back to us so we can test them, we can try them.
 And then from there, I'll be able to give you guys products and courses and books and
 training.
 Wherever the thing is to help get you guys results in your life.
 So that's kind of the next phase of my life that I'm really excited for is that, building
 the research center, building the library and then building the team to create those things.
 Anyway, many of you guys are interested.
 If you're a researcher, if you're a writer, if you're obsessed with the things I'm obsessed
 with, and I don't know, maybe we get fit, maybe somebody else put out a job application
 and see if anyone would love to spend their life living in Russell's library, just reading
 books and researching and pulling out the gems so that we can turn it into something
 that will change people's lives.
 Anywho, that's all I got for today.
 Appreciate you guys.
 Remember, selling is all about learning how to tell your story in a way to increase the
 perceived value of the thing that you're trying to sell.
 You can master that.
 You never have to work on the day in your life.
 All right, guys.
 Appreciate you all.
 Talk soon.
 Bye.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community, which means you can text me your
 questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions through text messages to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Okay?
 Now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back
 a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free
 swag, giving me away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
