 Good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast today. We are streaming from my closet
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone, all right
 I'm literally my closet now trying to pick out clothes for the day and I totally want to wear my nude squirrel shirt
 It's something I don't know what that shirt is but
 When we did the bubble soccer event and we launched the viral video
 There's the whole joke from the gold prospector about like it's like I paint nudes squirrels
 That is and so we have like painted nude squirrels in our office everywhere
 It's like this big funny joke and so we have these nude squirrel t-shirts, which are like my favorite shirt. My wife hates it
 We're watching a
 video last night from our trip to San Francisco
 I had a nude squirrel shirt on the whole time. She's like why do you wear that shirt? I hate it like oh, it's my favorite
 Anyway, so I can't really wear it because I'm gonna be hanging up her a lot today, so
 all the default something not as cool, but I'm in the closet today because
 I'm getting ready and
 I want to kill two birds of one stone and share with you something that I'm working on so
 A lot of you guys know last year spoke of the 10x event and we sold three million dollars and 90 minutes what?
 Which is crazy?
 And next I'm speaking and lat sorry this last year there were nine thousand people event this year moving forward
 they're supposed to be
 35,000 this year's event which is completely nuts yet. It is what it is so we've got
 It's gonna be insane. I'm so excited. So we got 35,000 people and I'm doing a presentation
 I actually hate to speak twice and in two presentations, but I got kind of craft it
 For for the audience to make a difference. I wanted to say in presentation every year
 So I'm trying to think like what's it gonna be and next weekend I'm speaking on my buddy's events
 I don't speak it many events anymore, but
 they're
 Super awesome people inner circle members. They it's Justin and Terry Williams some of my favorite people and
 and
 And so I speak of their event and so I'm doing them kind of rebuilding a presentation because their people are all like real estate investors
 So it's a little different markets very similar though to like grants
 To grant people the 10x events so I'm gonna be basically I'm creating this presentation
 And I'm gonna be testing it out here testing my material if you can pay attention, you know I'm talking about
 We tested my material
 It'll podcast episode about that. That's why I said that anyway
 I test my material here for what I'm beginning at the 10x event if it works well, and so that's kind of what I'm doing and so
 Yesterday we're trying to figure out title for this presentation and literally it was like I
 Think I spent eight hours just figure out the title
 So for the footage like I can't figure out my presentation
 Russell's really hard just know that even for me like I'll spend eight hours just trying to fill a title because
 That's like a hand-in-star blend slide. So I have a title and so anyway yesterday we finally figured out title
 And it was after going through a bunch of boxes with Justin and he was talking about how
 He's like real estate investors are kind of in the stone age
 He's like he's like this thing you're gonna be showing him is gonna give them all an unfair advantage
 They can like literally like come into the future before everybody else and I was like oh my gosh like that's that's the title
 It's unfair advantage like this is the unfair advantage sales funnels are the unfair advantage and so
 I started thinking through it that way. So I was echoing the bathroom. I'm walking back and forth getting things ready
 Anyways to start thinking about it from unfair advantage. I'm like, okay, that's that's the direction
 That's the hook. That's the angle what this presentation is gonna be like unfair advantage and I started going deep like okay
 What are other things are unfair advantage? What does that look like? What would be?
 Because I'm trying to find a lot of like
 analogies and like kind of like bridges like it's kind of like this it's kind like this and
 So this is how my brain works. I'm sharing this with you guys out loud because
 I'm hoping this will be helpful for you guys who are
 Trying to create your own presentations like what's the process Russell goes through so so now I know like unfair advantage
 That's that's like the that's the big thing right like I'm gonna be giving you as an unfair advantage sales funnels are the unfair advantage
 I'm sure thinking like what are stories other stories that we know about unfair advantages and the first one that popped my head was
 Back to the future right you remember back to the future
 where
 Maybe back to part two. Yeah, it was part two so part two Biff gets the time machine right and
 He sees it and so he does he goes to the story buys an allman act of all the sports scores of all the things in the future
 So he gets that and then he goes back in time and gives younger Biff the allman act that says basically
 Here's all here's the sports course in the next 50 years you can go bid all these teams and
 Become the richest man in the world right by doing
 Like gambling on him so Biff does becomes you know hugely famous because he always he is unfair advantage
 He knows he's gonna win every single game
 You know who's gonna win like from a betting standpoint like you're like you're just gonna win everything right?
 And so that's kind of how it's for Biff and so like there's a story
 I'm gonna be able to share like him give me a unfair advantage like think about this and I'm gonna tell the whole story about
 About Biff and about that and like that's kind of like what this is you didn't unfair advantage right?
 It's funny when we were doing the
 presentation for
 We did one called funnels secrets and it was it was we went through the whole database and click funnels and found all of the different
 We found all of the like what funnels working the best how they worked like and the whole presentation like breaking out
 Like here's the ones that the funnels are in the best like if you're trying to figure out what funnels build like here
 They are this is where it all the money in client-side click phones being made at these funnels
 So shared that and I was like okay, what's that like and I was kind of thinking like what's it kind of like what's it kind of like?
 And I was like oh, it's kind of like if um if if if
 Larry and Sergey the founders of Google were like open up a hey guys just you know
 This is the actual algorithm like just giving you the algorithm
 And like that's what this is like is it's me giving you the algorithm
 That's what this presentation is all about right which gives people excited and kind of hooks them
 So for you, it's like when you're doing that like first off spend eight hours
 How long I can speak on a really cool hook and the first thing is thinking like kind of likes like what what is this kind of like?
 Okay, this is kind of like Larry and Sergey giving you the source codes
 You know exactly I got a page on Google every some time that's what I'm doing today with these funnels right or
 This unfair advantage is kind of like remember back to each of our two were different back time got the all-man
 I came back bit and all the sports going to be the richest man on earth
 That's what this is kind of like I'm giving you guys this unfair advantage. We were able to go
 Where your your competitors will be there soon like eventually like maybe next year five years ten years like all your competitors will be doing this
 But you're here today and you're getting this unfair advantage of before everybody else because I think how much you can capitalize on that
 Right and so like that's what this is all about like first step figure out the presentation at the title the hook the angle
 Like what's the hook then it's like what's the kind of like bridges that make it like oh my gosh?
 This is what's this is what I've been this is like getting right
 I look at the 10x event last year ready my final bill their secrets webinar
 I started I didn't start up. I like let me show you how to build the funnel
 I talked about I had my hook and then I got me into Roger Bannister and a four minute mile
 And how the form of my was broken by him like this kind of like this like I'm gonna break the form in my offer yesterday
 So you see it's possible and you'll be able to go up there and do it inside of your market
 Right, and I shared the whole Roger Bannister story
 Up front, okay, so like that kind of like bridge that bridges this thing the very very beginning like that's that's the key
 So for me this next presentation is the unfair advantage and I'm pumped about it
 I'm gonna be thinking about a million different kind of likes it's kind like this kind of like this kind of like this
 I can weave throughout this entire presentation. So
 That is what kind of like bridges you guys. I use kind of like bridges every time I try to teach a complicated concept
 Or I show the concept people like what is he talking about?
 Oh, well, it's kind of like this and you make it simple
 You kind of like it back something they already know, but I also use kind of like bridges to
 To encourage excitement of the thing they're about to learn about right. So like here's the overarching hook like boom
 It's kind of like this and then people like oh my gosh like I see I see the future. I see what's happening
 I see how this is why it's exciting because man
 That would be cool if Biff came and gave me the almanila of all the all the sports course
 I'd be amazing right so if this is kind of like that I'm pumped. I'm excited. I'm ready to raise the future
 So all right, that's why I got you guys. I'm gonna go finish getting ready for school my little man, Aidan
 He won an award today or this week. So we're gonna assembly and seem to award for being a courteous student
 So they gave the little man. He's being very courteous. Love him
 The cletman wore pants today instead of like his normal like
 Sweat pants for everything he's a real pants, but he's a super upset
 So hopefully he will calm down and be happy because he's so cute getting a little wore it on stage. I love him
 All right. Thanks everybody and I'll talk to you soon
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called calm secrets
 And you get your free copy at calm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back sass startup company in the world
 [crowd applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
