 Hey everyone, it's Russell and welcome you to the marketing seekers podcast happening today from Pirates Code
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everyone so if you watch the video that you can kind of see I am at the most ridiculous place on earth
 You listening to this go to marketing seekers.com to actually watch the video
 But right now I'm in a place called Piratescope. We're at its mastermind group
 It is insane. If you see behind me
 these are my kids swinging on the ropes and having fun in the water and a bunch of other amazing things and
 This is pretty much the craziest place. I've ever been it's my favorite place on earth some of the back story behind Piratescope
 You know those of you watching you've seen some of the scenery of this place
 but basically
 The kind of back story is when I was when my twins which is his bone one of my twins right here
 So when he was when they were about six months old we were speaking in an event here in Las Vegas
 Which is where Piratescope was at and one of my friends has come to this place and
 Kind of told stories about how amazing it was. They tried to explain it and we and like no how cool
 He made it sound like you're like oh that sounds cool
 They know you guys are late to see it so he's like okay
 I'm gonna take you and try to find this we start driving around all over Las Vegas all over
 Boulder City trying to find this place called Piratescope, but we couldn't we couldn't find it
 Anywhere so we kind of gave up and went out to to eat at
 at
 In Boulder City and we're sitting there all of a sudden the owner of Piratescope walked out
 I'm a buddy's like that's that's that's the owner and so he walked up to him and said hey
 You don't know us, but I was you know better Piratescope and it would be super cool to
 To if you got a lot of seat and he was so cool
 They will come on up and he gave us to me suits me swam the entire day
 And I said bow in here was was only six months old so he was in diapers and we anyway with the most amazing time ever
 And if you see this place, it's basically it's on the side of this mountain. It's a private residence
 There's five houses on it. There's a water slides
 In fact, I'll take you guys up who are watching the video seeing see kind of kind of the top
 There's a kid waterslide in this really cool kid pool and then up at the top there is
 This huge water slide that's like for adults that it's crazy and it you go down to huge slide
 And then it enters into the middle of the park. There's this huge boat a pyromas you can actually jump off it
 In fact fun a lot of TV you see some videos of me jumping off it is pretty
 It's a it's pretty crazy. So anyway
 Yes, all these trains are walking around but
 I want to teach you guys a really cool lesson. So after we came I was like I want to I want to rent this like I want to
 I want to come take my family here and show everybody
 So the next year we called the guy up and right well we want to we want to rent Pirates Cove how much does that cost?
 And he was like oh, it's like $10,000 a day was like a week-long minimum minimum so
 They 70 or $80,000. I was like
 like kind of money at the time and
 But I was like oh but I really I really want to rent Pirates Cove and I was like there's got to be a way that I can rent this and like
 Show my family and my kids and like and like experience this again
 And so then you know the wheels in my head start spinning how and again this comes down to like Robert Kiyosaki 101 right poor people say
 I can't afford that rest people think how can I afford that?
 How can I afford like what do I got to do to be able to afford that?
 So I'm like thinking like well, what do I got to do to make?
 $70,000 Shrenn's place plus obviously catering and everything else I'm like well for me to do that it's gonna be
 This is cost a lot of money. I'm gonna need almost a hundred grand to do it
 And so I was like okay
 What if I found a bunch of cool people invited them to come to this thing and I stole tickets to it
 And so that was the idea
 So we did is basically went and I put out a little page and said ten people pay $10,000 and that's
 $100,000 it covers the cost of the entire mastermind group and then we can rent it and
 We'll have a really good time and I was like we'll have it for perhaps a week
 I've mashed my and then when the matchman's over we'll stop it for two or three days at the end
 Then we'll buy my friend family members and a time a bunch of employees things like that
 And that was kind of that was kind of the game plan
 So we did it and it worked and it was amazing
 So that was the first time I had a chance to experience Myers Cove
 For a whole week and since then we've done it
 I think I think this is the fourth time we've done it
 We did three years in a row and it took off like five or six four or five years
 It's because it's a lot of work as well and then this year we started doing again
 So I'm here right now with
 10 other or 10 entrepreneurs and we're just having those amazing mastermind meetings during the day when it's like
 116 degrees out here and then at night we're playing when I'm fun our kids are here. It's like it's insanely cool
 And so that's just happening at our pirate's code. So again, you want to see some of the visuals in this place
 Go to marketingseeker.com and watch the video
 But the lesson I want to tell you guys is this
 Hopefully you kind of got a little piece of the lesson but
 It comes back to the Robert Kiyosaki said right like poor people say oh, I can't afford that
 Whereas rich people are thinking how can I afford it? How can I afford that?
 Right and so I couldn't afford this place. I couldn't afford to rent it
 But I wanted to experience one other people experience so I had to start thinking outside of the box like how can I do that?
 What like what do I need to do
 To be able to afford that and all you other people to help chip in and so we can actually experience this and make this such an amazing
 Thing in fact a lot of my early joint venture partnerships came with people I invited a pirate's cove
 And I say wait you take some of the pirate's cove they think you're pretty cool afterwards which has helped
 As I've tried to build relationships and grow companies and things like that
 But for you what I want to think about is a lot of times as an entrepreneur
 And I'm not telling you should go rent pirate's cove and do something crazy like that
 But a lot of times the reason why entrepreneurs aren't successful in business is because
 Because they had this weird resource problem. I'll rustle on the resources and on the time around the money
 I don't have the talents like it's all like I don't have the resources and you have to understand that
 Entrepreneurship is not about having resources like that's
 The fallacy it's this incorrect right entrepreneurs are entrepreneurs not because they have resources because they're resourceful
 Sounds very similar, but it's different. They're resourceful. So I was resourceful. I had to think asked with the box like how can I create this thing?
 Okay, um you guys a bunch of you guys have heard my
 My rant many times about venture capitalists right like I don't feel real entrepreneurs should take vc because like
 They're coming in saying basically. Oh, I don't have the resources
 Let me go ask somebody to give me money. It's not all of resources to go and build something and by definition if you do that you're like
 You're not an entrepreneur like entrepreneurs are resourceful. They look at things to say how can I afford that?
 They'll get something to say okay. I don't have the resources like to be resourceful. I got to figure out other ways to do it
 I mean um my very first thing I I ever created um I had uh mark joiner
 He's my first mentor and
 Man with coolest people I've ever met. Here's my Ellie. She's here hanging out too. What's hi?
 Hi. You having fun?
 Yeah, I'm almost done with him. Okay, so um anyway, so he uh
 He when he kind of retired from the internet marketing coaching business he um
 He put out a
 A thing called the farewell package and he sold it and I bought it
 And um and the time I got no resources I paid a thousand bucks for this course and I was like all the money
 We had my credit card was maxed afterwards and I had no resources
 And I was like okay everything I bought from mark joiner like I needed to hire programmers and developers to build an execute and actually create that thing
 But I didn't have the resources. I'm like crap. What am I gonna do? I don't have the resources to create it
 I was like i'm an entrepreneur. Entrepreneurs are resourceful
 And so I'm okay. I'm I gotta be resourceful. What should I do? And I was like, okay, well
 I have ideas like I know if I did have money what I would do so I was like, okay
 This is what I would create if I did have money
 And then I like I I wrote it out and then I went and uh at the time
 He had this little facebook or with a facebook group his little forum with everyone who purchased his product
 I said look guys
 I bought this thing with the last money. I'm completely broke
 But I know what I would do if I had the money I would create this thing
 I like pitched everyone on this thing and they're like
 I was like the deals I broke though. I don't have any I have no resources, but I'm very resourceful
 I know you like it's the same situation
 So my question for you is how many guys like to partner up together and we we pool our resources and become resourceful and work together
 And um and I post that and I said, you know, I got a close and it cost about five thousand dollars to build this idea
 I had I got zero dollars so I need 50 of you guys to give me
 100 and we can we can create something from our resources become resourceful
 And I had like 120 hundred people who was like, I'll do it. I'm in
 I'm in I'm like, oh you'll say although I need a hundred bucks to this thing to be part of it
 I was like cool. So I collected all my I ended up I had 120 people say they wouldn't then
 As as often happens, you know, only I think 55 or something actually gave the hundred bucks
 So it's 55 5,000 500 that I suddenly had in my PayPal account
 And um and everyone caught together in this package and then when I took the money
 And I went and hired the development team and they started creating it and um and that's how I launched
 My first viral website a lot of you guys don't know that story. I don't tell it very often
 um, but it was about
 Not the resource that had zero resources
 All I had was a credit card with a thousand dollar bill on it because that's what I paid device course and zero dollars
 The time I had a job. I didn't have a job. I was wrestling. So I was making exactly zero dollars a month
 Uh zero dollars a year and my wife was making 915 hours. So that was our resources
 And then I had a thousand dollars on my credit card. I was stressing out because I'm like, I don't know how to pay a thousand dollars
 Uh, and so luckily, uh, I was resourceful and I found people got fit
 The funding from other people one part is project. We launched it
 Started building a list use that to launch the next first product and on and on and
 Here we are 15 years later. My pirates go with 10 most amazing entrepreneurs on the world
 And I'm here with my family and my friends my much my employees my partners are coming
 And I didn't pay a penny to be here and because I was resourceful. So for you
 I want you guys to understand. That's why we're entrepreneurs. We are resourceful
 You are resourceful. I'll you just stop trying to ask people for money
 To fund your idea and just start creating being resourceful
 What can I do?
 How can I get the people involved and get other people believe in my vision like me start learning how to sell people will come to you
 and they will
 And they and you can you can create cool things. So
 There is my message for tonight
 Um, those guys who watched the visuals behind me. Hopefully you have a cool little glimpse of pirate's go
 We got a couple funnel hacker tv episodes coming out that will be showing you as some of the craziness
 But hopefully you guys enjoy this and hopefully you start thinking about that in your business in your life
 It's not just businesses all aspects of life, right?
 How to be resourceful you rarely will have the resources maybe get started
 And uh if you're resourceful, you can do it. So that's what I got. I'm out here guys
 I'm gonna go get my swimsuit on. I'm gonna jump in the water. So bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
