 What's up everyone? This is Russell. Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. Today's episode
 We're talking about building a team. How do you do it? What are the pitfalls? What are the pros the cons and some of the things that I learned along the way
 Hopefully this will help you as you're building out your team to be able to do whatever it is you're trying to do in your life
 Whatever your mission whatever your goal whatever the business you're trying to build
 I hope that this episode will help you as you're thinking through it to
 Help you to build the team that's gonna get you to the finish line. So with that said, I'm gonna keep the theme song
 We come back you have a chance to listen in on a cool interview talking about how to build your team
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain
 profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up everybody welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast i'm here today with josh 40 and uh, we've been having fun today
 The last we had we're gonna record it went away. I think they've been fun. So today will be a little bit shorter episode
 um, but it's something that um
 Again, josh brings things that I don't ever really typically talk about so it's been fun to talk about some of stuff like I think about but i've never really verbally
 Shared so uh, do you want to set up what we're talking about today? Yeah for sure. Yeah, so very specifically here
 I want to focus for you specifically
 Uh, the question is well leadership and team building right? What are some of the biggest shifts?
 Around building a team and becoming a leader
 Because as someone who built a team
 Myself that failed miserably it wasn't that we hated each other, but it's just like it's chaos
 Right when you're trying to manage like six or seven different people and they're all like contract and everywhere
 And now i'm like kind of going back and rebuilding right and i'm building it right and I have like full-time people that we're bringing in and going and it's like
 Man
 The skill set of making money the skill set of being a marketer is way so totally different
 and
 Then building a team and even being like the attractive character and building a following like building a following is a completely different skill set
 Then it is of growing a team and having it, you know
 Like being a leader and things like that and so I guess like two part is number one
 Who did you have to become right and like secondly?
 What are like some of the hacks tips or I know you like secrets
 So what are some of the secrets right you use to build a team and really like sell them on the vision and like really make sure
 That they were thriving in that role cool. Um, so i'm gonna just second what you said building a team is way different than all the other things
 And I've struggled over the years. I have an amazing team as you guys know if you've seen everything
 And I wouldn't say most of us because of my own doing i'll talk about some of the stuff i've learned along the way, but
 It's a different skill set
 You know and making money is an easier skill. So I think creating a movement of people you're that are following you is different
 I always think like I always tell people like i'm such a good leader and communicator to like my my tribe and i'm not as good to my internal team
 it's it's it's interesting and so um
 A couple of things that I'll share again
 I don't have this perfect and if you ask people my team like Russell's not perfect this because i'm not but i'll show you some of the things i've learned
 Because i'm always trying to figure this out and trying to get better at it
 Um one of the biggest lessons i had is i had and I did a podcast on it was probably two or three years ago
 Um was this this realization that um I had to make a transition
 Because I was always like the all-star right like if if I was a if you look at basketball like I was the all-star like I was really good
 I could write copy. I could build a funnel. I could drive traffic. I could like I could sell from stage
 I could do all the different things. So I was like Michael Jordan out there and I'd be on stage
 I'd be doing I'd be dunking and slamming and three points like just amazing and people would tell me how grandi was and I loved it right
 And then I started building a team and started building a team
 But the problem is that as I was building the team I still thought I was Michael Jordan
 So I'd build the team and I'd be in there also like I'd have the person writing copy and they'd be going up
 You know with the ball and about to do the layup and I'm like, uh, I could actually do it better
 So I grabbed the ball from my own teammate and rip it out of their hands and I go dunk it and like, oh
 And I would get everyone cheering for me again, right or someone be coming down
 Uh, I'm trying to get these analogies
 Working but basically what's happening is that I was the all-star and that one worked and not an audio
 I didn't work. Hey, good. Yeah, and I was trying to bring in other all-stars
 But the problem is I bring these all-stars in and then as they were trying to perform
 I'm like I can do it better
 I would take the ball from them because I want to be the all-star
 And I had this realization like for me to actually build a team
 I cannot continue to be the all-star and this is hard like us especially because it's something like me
 Right like I was the achiever. I'd done all the roles because I built the company by myself initially right
 It was me doing all the roles
 So I learned all the roles like I get all the roles and so as I started trying to like bring on these different all-stars
 It was tough. It's kind of like the if you watch the all-star game
 Right or like the dream team like also you got like the best players on a team
 And then usually they're not the best playing with each other because they're all the all-stars
 They want a ball hog and and it gets really really difficult
 Right and so I had to make this this realization like if I'm gonna be successful growing a team and getting click fun
 Um, you know hundred million to a billion dollars like I can't continue to be the all-star
 I have to retire and I have to become the coach
 That's a hard transition
 Right because now you're coming back and like you're successful not now by your skill set
 But you're successful by like cultivating other people's skill sets
 And that's a different skill set to have by the way like it's it's way harder for me
 It's always been easier for me to go and like to do the thing like I'm finding that now
 I'm I'm coaching my kids wrestling, right? And I'm watching my my kids. I'm watching the team and like man
 I was such a good athlete. I got that I'd kill myself. I'd work so hard and like I was an amazing athlete
 But it's way harder for me to coach other athletes because I can't give them the desire
 I can't give them these different things and so that was difficult
 And so that's the first thing to realize is that if you're gonna start growing a team
 You have to be willing to like take your jersey off and say I'm no longer the all-star
 I am now the coach and I've got two people and that's been the hardest thing for me
 I still struggle with I still like jump back in or I'm like, yeah
 But that's the the key if you want to get a good good group of people around you
 Because otherwise if you're the one that's taking the ball from him from from the the other people on the team
 The all-stars are gonna leave you if they're not gonna stick around they want to be the all-star too
 They want the recognition they want to be like they want to be doing the thing
 So that's the first the first big shift that you got to have
 Any questions on that before I go to the comment? No, it's super good. Yeah, you're good. Okay. So the second thing is
 Is you have to be good at hiring all-stars?
 I remember when we first started building ClickFunnels Todd read an article or something
 He was talking about in the articles like there's a players B players C players different levels, right?
 But when people understand it's not like a players like, you know 100% and B players like 50% right like
 The article said that the difference between a player and a B player is like 2200% difference
 So it's like a B player you can have like one A player is gonna give you the the the output of like 50 or 100
 How many B players right and so what most of us try to do is try to come in and say, okay?
 I'm gonna like I don't want to spend as much money getting the right person
 So I'm gonna find somebody who's cheaper. I'm gonna find you know, maybe they're not gonna be a player with a B player
 But I can afford them
 And that's like this mindset that most people have I see all the time I see it in Facebook groups and ClickFunnels Facebook
 Like how do I get like how do I get a cheap funnel builder? Like
 That's the problem you're looking for a B player
 Or we find a player you get 2200 times better better thing and so
 Um, it's been interesting because we launched ClickFunnels the first time like I had a couple A players, which is why it grew right?
 We had a couple of officers we had some like Todd Dickerson
 We had like you guys know our team like like we had a player so we were able to go and into grow
 But then from there we had a higher whoever we could afford right now right now
 We're building ClickFunnels 2.0 and we're in a unique spot where it's like we don't have to just hire who we can afford like let's hire the best
 And so we're going out there trying to figure out who are the A players in each regard and it's crazy because
 I look at I look at the team that's building ClickFunnels 2.0. It's a small team where they're accomplishing it amazing
 But they're all A players right when we started like looking at rolling out ClickFunnels 2.0 in our marketing
 We started trying to bring in A players and um, they're expensive like, you know
 And so a lot of times the question is like why do I have any money? How do I how do I recruit the A players?
 Well, I recruited Todd and I was broke right A players aren't necessarily looking for money today
 The A players people who are looking for money in the future
 They're the ones who like I want to be part of a team. I want to build something cool from they I believe in and I want to be able to get paid
 Insane amounts of money over here and I'm willing to give up that for for this over here
 Okay, the right people will be willing to do that
 So as I as I come back if I was to like be building my team over for scratch right now
 Um, there's number one. I again taking off the all-stars
 I'm gonna be the coach and number two is like hey if I'm gonna be the coach
 And I'm I'm about to building the team like I'm gonna try to build the dream team
 And I'm to do that. I've got to sell them on the vision of why this is cool and like where it's gonna go and like
 What's the opportunity for them?
 Because just like you're trying to sell your customers on the opportunity of like this is like funnels or the opportunity or whatever is like
 You're selling your dream team on this is the opportunity like if you join the team
 Yeah, you're gonna get paid nothing right now or very little right now
 But this is how we're gonna structure things so that it'll be worth it for you over here
 And the right people will hear that because that's what they're looking for like if you were
 You know someday when I retire from this whole whatever I'm doing if I was ever gonna absorb again
 It's not gonna be based on money. I couldn't hear it less about money
 But someone's gonna sell me someday on the vision in fact I just saw um Sean Wayland just hired the dude who started tapping
 Yeah, I saw that and like how powerful how strong like how powerful is that the tap out dude does not need Sean's money
 He sold his company for insane amounts of money, right?
 But I'm sure Sean's like hey dude
 Here's the opportunity you got me do the scene and flip it like this is what's possible for you
 And now he's got literally like there's no better person that Sean could hire to run that company
 Yeah, you know, but I saw that when I was like oh my gosh
 Brilliant. So for all of us, we got started thinking more strategically not like
 Who can I afford for this role?
 It's like who is the person that's going to be getting a million bucks a year in five years for now
 In this role and how do I sell them on the opportunity?
 How do I create an opportunity where they can grow and they can monetize where they can make this kind of money
 And that's how you recruit the right people into your into your world who are going to help you to actually
 Actually have success. So those are the things because you get a good a player
 You don't have to be really good at managing you don't have to be really good at micro
 Yeah, all those kind of things like get the right people in place like they're they're going to do the things
 And makes you look like the all-star the the coach of the year that you are right because you got you you built the right team
 Building the team is more valuable than all the other pieces. I believe
 Yeah, like getting the right people is more important than the systems the process like those are all important
 But like if you have B players on the team, it's like you're gonna get a mediocre result
 Yeah, and then and B player you're gonna be wanting to charge if you have the processing that like we brought Todd and I
 Didn't have to like sit down Todd. Okay. How are we gonna manage the projects? How are we gonna do this like?
 Todd came in and was like all right
 I got it and he just ran and he was able to run and like all right he's
 Done like we just brought in uh this guy named Kevin Richards
 Who we brought him in to like be the cmo of click funnels and Kevin had worked for a whole bunch of really big companies doing this
 And it's crazy because like he came in and we gave him the reins. He started running and I was like
 Oh my gosh. This is way better than I was running like their structure is organization because he's done it before over and over and over again
 He's gonna come in and plug in and just and just do it and I'm watching it right now
 I'm like yeah, man
 Like he's an a player who I could hired in fact
 I've had over the last decade a whole bunch of B players to kind of do this role and no one's been able to hit it
 And it's been me and being involved so much
 We're now it's like literally the first two weeks. I was like all nervous because I'm trying to like keep my you know
 I want to make sure that everything's perfect and finally I gave him the reins
 I step back and it's like whoa, this is so much better than when I was running
 Yeah, and it's easier and less stress on me and he's loving it and it's it's just powerful. So those are the key
 Couple rapid fire questions here so that we make time
 Number one, have you ever run into challenges or how have you dealt with?
 Communication differences inside of a team because one of the things that I've noticed is like I just thought everybody would communicate like I was
 We're all part of a team and I like some people like I'm like the most expressive
 Person like when I talk like I use emojis and exclamation points and not like if I'm texting it if I'm going like my voice or ever
 And like some of my team is like
 Okay, I'm like
 Are you mad? Do you understand like you got like what do you mean? Okay?
 Like so like how have you not like do you have systems in place or do you do you typically go and just try to like find people that do that?
 Like how have you or is that something you just learn right because I'm sure like Melanie
 I mean she was with you for how long right before she you know she like I'm sure she had a very unique communication style
 And I'm sure your next assistant is probably not the same as her. Yeah, right?
 So like how have you learned like how to deal with that?
 Yeah, a couple things one is like personal profiling is huge
 In fact working on a whole project right now and there'll probably be a book and a membership side much of all based on personality profiling
 Because that's how you understand like what motivates people. How do they speak? How do they not speak? How do they understand like
 Yeah, because again Melanie and in Jenny were are very different people
 But I'm able to work with both of them because I understood their personality types
 I'm just like one of the things that would light Melanie one of the things that get Jenny excited to work and vice versa
 Right like like if you look at Melanie was a very high-ass right so very faithful and like
 You know and so like she would like die for you to be able to get something done
 Jenny on their hand has as very low s almost no s and so for her it's like man
 If I just like if she gets bored, she's gone
 So I gotta make sure that she's got 8,000 projects and she's juggling them all and the more things she's having the more successful
 She's gonna be similar to me
 Right like and so like I give her tons of projects and she thrives that she's little to juggle all these things
 Whereas if I was if I treated her like I taught Melanie she would have been here for a week and have like I'm out like this is horrible
 So understanding those kind of things like dis profiles big
 Myers Briggs is big those are my two favorites
 I'm trying to learn and master all the other ones, but those ones help a ton
 When you're hiring and also when you're when you're managing people
 Um, the other thing is this is one that helped me
 um
 I actually Julie story and actually when it taught it to me initially and I don't remember all the things
 But there's these different hats like a black hat and a green hat and a red hat and yellow hat and all the things like that
 So I'm a very green hat person. So are you put on a green hat and it's like creative ideas and we're flowing
 Oh, I'm like we get so excited about sharing stuff
 Right and there's people who have like a black hats like they're the ones who always like who they look at what
 Could go wrong. What about this? What about this? We'll take away all the fun. Oh my god
 Yeah, they're really like the white hats
 So they're always different hats those I really members like green and black because I'm green hat and like james smith's a good example of a black hat
 I love jamey one of my favorite humans in the world, but when we would do meetings together
 I literally wanted to jump out of the table and strangle him because I'm like I did I did I did
 He's like well, what's thinking about this? You think about this?
 And it's like
 Like you're sucking the life out of me
 My wife's a very black hat person as well
 So like I'm like we should eat the kids and like fire around the world and blah blah blah blah
 Like just brainstorming things that are probably never gonna happen. She's like what about this this this and like
 And so we started learning like based on this
 This is something that Julie brought those really powerful like hey, we're right now in a green hat phase
 Well Russell's gonna green hat we're talking about ideas. No one's allowed to black hat this at all
 Let's just share ideas. So then everyone's just sharing ideas
 Like we have a chance to be excited and creative and get these things out there and after it's like all the creative stuff out
 Then it's like okay now let's put a black hat on now it's black hat this now
 We can all look at it objectively like okay
 We're gonna black hat this and go through the black hat things
 And then we're gonna have a different color hat and go through those things and we go through different hats
 But they're separately they're not all happy at the same time because if it happens same time it destroys my creativity and excitement and energy
 I want to like strangle the person but like man, I need those people I need Jamie to look at this
 I'm like here's 40 ways why this isn't gonna work like oh crap
 I didn't think about that that of that but there's a like we stack the different hats as opposed to doing them all at the same time
 And making us all want to kill each other and that's so so huge for us
 Like like for me, it's huge. I always tell people like when I start brainstorming like okay green hat time
 No negative. No what ifs, let's go and then we just do that and you can see like the black hat people are like twitching and like
 Until everything's out and it's like okay black hats on what he has got and then they can go
 Signing medication over there
 We can do a whole like two-day training on that too because it's such a powerful thing
 But conceptually it's it's breaking those things up that that that way
 All right, Russell. Well in in your other life
 We'll just have an entire episode or podcast where all we do is just do deep dives the all day long
 But in this life
 We have to stick with you know constraints of where we're at. So anyway, thank you for sharing that super super helpful. I appreciate it
 No worries. Thank you, Josh. Appreciate you guys. Hopefully you enjoyed this episode
 Um as you guys are building your teams remember the principal just talked about you've got to become the coach
 Um, you've got to attract a players. You got to put them in the right spots
 Um figure out ways to make it profitable from in the long term
 Um figure out personality types you can serve them the right way
 Black hat, regaining hat, red hats, we should have episode just on the whole hat
 I have to go back to remember all the other colored hats, but um anyway
 All right, our next go around. I'll uh, I'll be like you have homework. Let's prepare for this. We'll go
 Prepare for this one. That'll be awesome. That'll be awesome. Thanks everyone for listening to us
 And we'll see you guys on the next episode
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode
 And what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also, Dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost 20 000 dollars worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsletter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the 20 000 gift you also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your millbox each and every month one from dan kenny and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsletter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
