 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 What's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to our chance every day when we get to hang out and talk about traffic
 and funnels and all of the fun things.
 Excited to be with you guys here today.
 It's actually kind of cool being able to be in this whole quarantine thing where outside
 everything looks normal and it's kind of this weird eerie feeling but then inside we
 get to hang out and be with our family, our friends.
 We go live, we share thoughts, ideas and I think this has been a really cool time for
 so many people to start sharpening their saw and start getting smarter and better about
 what they're doing and why they're doing it and how they're doing it and all kind of
 stuff.
 So I'm excited to be here with you guys today.
 We're going to be talking more about traffic secrets.
 Today we're going to be covering the third type of traffic.
 Yesterday we talked about the first two types of traffic, traffic that you control, traffic
 that you earn and then today we're talking about the third type which is traffic that
 you, you know what it is, traffic that you owe and that's the best kind of traffic.
 So we're going to be going to that here in a few seconds but while we're waiting for
 everyone to jump on and get in gear here, I want to make sure you guys know that we're
 in the middle of the traffic secrets book launch which is kind of fun.
 We've been selling books like crazy.
 This is the highest converting funnel we've done so far.
 So for my funnel hackers, if you're going through the funnel, make sure to buy slowly
 and watch the process and see what's happening, why it's happening because it's doing really,
 really well.
 You go to traffic seekers.com, this is it right here.
 There's the video.
 In fact, you watch the video.
 I'm very proud of the video.
 Hopefully you learned some stuff just from watching that.
 You can see the offers.
 You can buy the book for free.
 The Discover Shipping Handling is $9.95 shipping in the US.
 A little bit more internationally but you can go get that there.
 Scroll down and you see the sales page.
 But this is the chance to look at what I'm doing.
 You guys, I spent two years writing the book about the same amount of time brainstorming
 this funnel and getting it live and ready.
 And it is over $20,000 books sold and it's kept like a $63 average cart value which is
 insane.
 Especially knowing that a lot of you guys are my funnel hackers.
 Like I bought the book six times so I want to get everybody's bonuses.
 And so with that said, to be able to keep the average cart value that high, I would say
 the real average cart value if you get five hours of pull out duplicates and stuff is probably
 $80 plus dollars which is insane.
 Most book funnels are $20 to $30 max.
 So the funnels are awesome.
 So make sure to go watch it by slowly learning some stuff while you're doing it.
 You just go to traffic seekers.com.
 For those of you who are bored, especially bored with your kids, right here is funnelflix.com.
 And if you go to funnelflix.com, you can get a free premiere week which basically you go
 in there and you get a bunch of videos for free including the very first one which is
 from MFC right there.
 That is Sprinkern.
 I don't have you look at this.
 This is Sprinkern right here.
 He spoke to funnellik.
 Nobody knew he was coming.
 We kept it a surprise and he came out and people lost their mind.
 Frank is one of the original OGs.
 I was learning Internet marketing.
 Frank was one of the dudes teaching it.
 And you can actually go and literally go watch his presentation for like life for free.
 A bunch of other ones as well.
 Julius here.
 He's got five million followers on Instagram to watch how he does it, how he did it.
 You get that one for free.
 And me for free.
 So if you go to funnelflix.com, you get funnelflix premiere week for free.
 And if you go over here to trafficsecers.com, you get trafficsecers for free.
 So anyway, that's what's happening.
 Alright, with that said, you guys, we've got a full audience between Instagram.
 We're about 160 people.
 Facebook, we're 155ish.
 So we've got 300 people here.
 So we can start this party and get started and it should be fun.
 Lionel said, I think I found my ADD community.
 Yes.
 Welcome to the, welcome to the ADDness.
 Alright.
 Okay, so today we're talking again about trafficsecers.
 If you're driving a free copy of the book, go to trafficsecers.com.
 And this is the box set with all the books.
 So if you don't know anything about me, these are the books I've written.
 So .com Secrets is the first book.
 This is the new updated hardbound version.
 This is Expert Secrets is the second book and Traffic Secrets is the third and final book
 in the trilogy.
 And Unlock the Secrets is this amazing workbook that goes with all of these books here.
 So it's kind of fun.
 Anywho.
 Let me pull, let me pull out book number one.
 Alright, the traffic secret book.
 So here we go.
 Traffic Secrets.
 Today we're going to be going into one of the secrets.
 Let me see.
 So Brian saying, how do you get the box set?
 So the box is not for sale right now unless after you get the book, the traffic secrets
 book, the upsell may or may not be the box set.
 So this is all pre-order.
 These are on ship till May 5th.
 But the audio books are available today.
 I spent three days in the studio reading the traffic secrets book.
 The seven hour audio, you can go and get that.
 It's with the order form bump.
 You can grab that, plug it in and start listening, which is kind of cool.
 Also we've got the audio books, the .com Expert Secrets new update as well as part of the sales
 funnel.
 So if you go through the funnel, you'll see all the cool stuff.
 So you've got to go to trafficsecrets.com and slowly today goes through the funnel and
 have fun with it.
 So, Mauricio said, how is my quarantine?
 It's been good.
 We're having a good time.
 I think I'm driving my kids crazy sometimes, they're driving me crazy sometimes, but as
 a whole, we're doing really good.
 So thank you for asking.
 All right.
 Hopefully you guys are doing as well, good as well.
 My job for the next 25 minutes or so is to entertain you.
 You excited, inspire you, open your mind to how to get traffic.
 What do you do with traffic, how it all works?
 I've been doing these live on Instagram and Facebook every day for the last two weeks.
 So if you missed any of them, feel free to go back there.
 We may or may not also be launching a traffic secrets podcast that will have all the recordings
 of these two.
 So that might be live next day or so.
 I'll let you guys know.
 And then you can start listening in there as well, which would be kind of cool.
 So all right, here we go.
 Traffic secrets.
 So what we covered so far, section number one is all about your dream customer.
 A secret one, we figured out who's your dream customer.
 We talked about figuring out and understanding them at a deep level, figuring out are they
 moving towards pleasure or away from pain?
 It was interesting in this market today, I think two weeks ago, the majority of customers
 were moving towards pleasure.
 It's meant your ads, your advertising is all focused on grabbing people or trying to move
 towards pleasure.
 So last two weeks, people are in pain and they're now in a state where they're moving
 away from pain.
 And so looking at that lens, most of our advertising and marketing should be shifting from speaking
 to them moving towards pleasure to speaking, then moving away from pain.
 So there's a little hint from section number one.
 We also talked about difference between a searcher and a scroller.
 What advertising networks they're searching, people are searching, which ones are scrolling
 and how you differ into your ads and your landing pages and everything based on if
 they're searcher or scroller, the pros and cons.
 That was all secret number one.
 Number two, we talked about now, you know who they are, where are they hiding?
 Where are they congregating?
 We got to find those pockets of our dream customers.
 We can go and target them.
 We also talked about then who's already congregating, who are our dream 100?
 We built a list of our dream 100.
 After that, secret number three, we talked about hook story offer.
 How do we throw our hooks in the water to grab their attention?
 Have we tell them a story to increase the perceived value of what it is we were selling
 them and then how we make them an offer?
 And the secret number four yesterday, we talked about with your dream 100, how do you work
 your way in and how do you buy your way in?
 And that's what brings us to today.
 And today we're talking about secret number five, which is traffic that you own.
 So I'm going to jump right there.
 We're going to go through that.
 This is the best type of traffic of all the types of traffic that are out there.
 And there's so many things that I have to gloss through because this book is super huge
 and I can't just cover every, yeah, make sure you still get the book and read it because
 there's so many things that like in here, just in last chapter, I walked through five
 of our front and funnels.
 I'll show you the stats and numbers of every single funnel, how it works.
 I talked about the how much is going on traffic.
 I'm coming to ads.
 I give you very detailed numbers.
 I can't just go.
 I mean, it's like six pages of the numbers of the funnel that you can get inside the book
 and look at and say, okay, here's the, you know, here's the product, how much is sold
 for here's the order form bump.
 Here's the commissions for the percentages.
 Here's how it all worked.
 I walked through the whole, you know, I break down every funnel in great detail.
 So those are all things I can't do on a live like this.
 You get inside the book.
 Okay.
 Secret number five traffic that you own.
 So if you look at the image here, you can see here is the dream 100, right?
 So if you've done this exercise with me over the last couple of days, you have here's
 Facebook.
 Here's all the people that have already congregated my dream customers on Facebook.
 Here's Instagram.
 Instagram.
 Here's a lot of people have already congregated my dream customers on Instagram on Facebook,
 on YouTube, on Google, and like we find those people.
 So we have our dream 100 list.
 Now we're trying to figure out from yesterday, how do I work my way in and how to buy my
 way into these audiences?
 Okay.
 That's where our traffic is already at trying to work our way and buy our way into the audiences.
 And then from there, this is where this whole secret is about traffic that you own.
 So all the time when we're getting traffic, our goal is not to get traffic to sell products.
 Our goal is to get traffic where we're either getting traffic that we've earned or traffic
 we control and we're converting it into traffic that we own.
 That's the big secret.
 Okay.
 So for example, traffic that I earn, if I'm earning traffic means I'm going out and I'm
 working for it, right?
 I'm getting on podcast interviews.
 I'm doing Facebook lives with people.
 So I mean somebody to promote my product for me.
 This is stuff I'm not paying for, but I'm earning it.
 I'm putting in the time and the energy and the effort.
 Okay.
 Traffic that I control is like I go to Facebook, right?
 And I don't own Facebook ads, right?
 Mark Zuckerberg.
 He owns all that traffic on Facebook, but he allows me and you to go to him and say,
 "Hey, I want to control some of that traffic.
 I will pay you if you let me convert some of that traffic from Facebook over into my funnel."
 Okay.
 And so it's traffic you control.
 So the traffic that I earn, I'm working my way and the traffic that I control where
 I'm buying my way in.
 Now the goal of both those traffic sources is not just to sell a product.
 This is where most people get it wrong.
 This is the very short side in this of almost all entrepreneurs.
 They're like, "Oh cool.
 I got traffic on Facebook.
 I'm going to sell my product."
 You're like, "Yes, that's part of the goal."
 The bigger goal, the overarching strategy is to convert traffic that you earn and traffic
 that you control into traffic that you own.
 When you own traffic, you own your own destiny, right?
 If Facebook shut down tomorrow, I'd be okay because I have an email list of, I don't know,
 one and a half to almost 2 million people.
 So I own that traffic.
 I get any day I can wake up and be like, "I want to send traffic to this."
 And I can send an email and boom, traffic goes there.
 I want to send a new book.
 I'm like, "I want to send traffic here."
 And I, because I own that traffic, I own this ball of traffic, I can send it to this page
 or this page or that page.
 I can send it wherever I want because I own that traffic.
 So all the other things I'm doing, all the other exercises, the buying ads and working
 my way and doing podcast interviews and all those things, the only goal of those things
 is to convert the traffic that I'm controlling and that I'm buying or that I'm earning and
 I'm controlling into traffic that I own because then I control my own destiny.
 And so for me, for the last few years, I've been working on that.
 Like for the last decade and a half, I'm building my list, building my following because
 it's traffic that I own now.
 And so even if Facebook disappears, if Google goes away tomorrow, I'm still going to need
 business because I own traffic.
 And that's the mindset shift of what you guys all have me is that you need to understand
 that you want to be able to own that traffic.
 All right, so that's what this whole secret is about owning traffic.
 And when I first started understanding this, let's see, when I first started understanding
 this, it was back early in my journey.
 One of my first mentors was a guy named Mark Joy, I understand he has no mark, he's amazing.
 He was willing to keep telling me, and roughly it's focusing on building a list, building
 a list.
 Like that's the secret to internet marketing, building a list, building a list.
 And remember the time there were all these people that were doing different ways to make
 money.
 And I was so grateful that my first mentor told me, you have to build a list, you have
 to build a list because that thing has saved me now for a decade and a half.
 During the ups and the downs of the trials of my business and the safe parts of my business,
 like having a list has helped me to endure.
 The people who have email lists right now are the ones who are going to thrive during
 this whole crazy recession and depression.
 Whatever ends up happening, I don't even know what's going to happen.
 But those people are surviving because they're prepared for that, right?
 And so it's very important to understand that.
 Let's see.
 So many things I can share with you guys.
 Ah, you just get the book and read it, it's so good.
 Anyway, okay.
 I'll tell you, I'll tell you just the story that I'll read one part of it.
 So this was the day that I learned about list building.
 The day it really got sunk to my head, I was like, oh my gosh, I need an email list, right?
 In fact, I told the story yesterday with, on an interview with, with, with, with, with
 GM Edwards.
 It was kind of fun.
 All right.
 So, when I first started learning about this whole game of internet marketing, I started
 hearing people talk about email lists.
 I remember reading an article online and it was about, you know, sometimes you hear about
 the gurus and they make, you know, $30,000 in a weekend and you think it's a scam, right?
 And the guy's like, no, it's not a scam.
 Let me, let me explain how this whole thing works.
 And he explained, he said, he said, you know, the, the gurus, whatever you want to call
 them, they have an email list and maybe 10,000 people or 30 or a hundred thousand people.
 He said, all they do is send an email out to a hundred thousand people and they get,
 they say, he said, he sent an email 100,000 people and they get 10,000 people who actually
 go and sign up for the, for the thing, right?
 Or say, he sent an email 100,000 people, 10,000 people open the email, you know, 5,000 clicks
 through the thing and then, you know, 500 of those people actually buy the product and
 they'll say it's a $20 product, use made 10 grand or 30 grand or whatever the math is,
 right?
 And he's like, he's just a numbers game.
 And so he said, the, the reason why these gurus make ton of money, so they spent the last
 X amount of time building up these huge email lists, right?
 Traffic that they own.
 And when I, when I read that, I was like, oh my gosh, it was the epiphany that I was
 like, I understood it as like, I need my own email list.
 So I didn't know how to get an email list.
 So first thing I did is I jumped on Mr. Google.
 I said, how do you get an email list?
 I started searching around within, you know, a few minutes.
 I found this website and I think, I can't remember the domain exactly.
 I think it was like scan spam for email addresses.com.
 I'm like, sweet, that's what I need.
 Spam for email addresses.
 So I went and there were some DVDs where you could buy like a DVD with a hundred thousand
 email addresses, one with 500,000 or one with a million.
 And I'm like, well, if I'm going to get email lists, I want a million.
 So I spent the, like 70 bucks about a DVD with a million email addresses on it.
 I wait for it to get sent to me.
 I get this thing with 70 million email addresses.
 I'm like, I'm going to be rich.
 I'm doing the math and my head send email to a million people.
 If I get 100,000 open, 10,000 to click, 5,000 to buy the thing, times 20 dollars, like,
 oh, I'm like, I can send email, excuse me, every single day, I'm going to be rich, right?
 I'm doing the, I'm doing the math in my head.
 I'm trying to explain to my wife.
 We just got married at the time.
 I'm like, you can literally quit your job tomorrow.
 We are going to be rich.
 I figured out the secret of internet marketing, this is going to be so easy.
 And so I took this, I took this DVD.
 And back then, the way we sent emails was different.
 It wasn't like through an email otter responder.
 You had my desktop software.
 So I bought the software, put it on my desktop and I uploaded the DVD with a hundred, you
 know, with a million people's email addresses and wrote an email.
 I remember that night about to go to bed.
 And then you have to remember, this is, this is like almost 15 years ago.
 It was probably, you know, probably 16, 17 years ago.
 Anyway, so it was before we had like high speed internet, four-aid cell phones, things like
 that.
 And so if you remember at the internet back then, like usually you had one phone line
 and it was like your phone or your modem.
 So I got a crawl into my desk, unplug the phone, plug in my modem, get online.
 I remember that night, right in the email clicking send and then telling my wife, I was like,
 we'll be rich by morning.
 Like you can literally quit your job tomorrow.
 And I remember sitting and watching the email software all since like boom, one email
 sent, two email sends, three, four.
 I'm like, oh, this is amazing.
 So go to bed that night and I'm like a kid at Christmas time laying there in bed like
 thinking about it.
 Like every couple hours I get out of bed, run in, like move the mouse to get my screen
 saved off and like 600 said, 800 said, 2000 said, I'm just freaking out, right?
 So finally next morning I wake up, my wife's getting ready for work.
 I'm getting ready for school.
 I sneak back in the room with the computers out.
 I look at it and overnight we'd set like, I think we'd said 6,500 emails or something
 like that over during the night.
 And I was like, dang it, 1000 said a million overnight.
 Just going way slower than I thought.
 And then Colette was like, I need to use the phone.
 I'm like, you have to use the phone, like you don't understand, like this is, it's sending
 out like we're printing cash right now.
 We can't not use the phone.
 She's like, I have to use the phone.
 I would call someone to work.
 So I crawl into the desk.
 I go and unplug the, unplug the modem.
 I plug back in the phone and as soon as I plug in, I'm still under the desk.
 I hear the phone ring, so I get out and I pick up the phone.
 And on the other end was my internet service provider yelling at me and screaming at me
 and cursing me out, tell me how many spam people that they got in the last four or five
 hours and they're shutting me down and they're going to potentially file a lot of
 the lawsuit and all the stuff.
 And I was just like, oh crap.
 You know, and I'm totally freaked out.
 And finally the guy hangs up on me, shuts off my internet and I hang up the phone and
 I was like, who is that on the phone?
 I'm like, nobody.
 Oh, by the way, please don't quit today.
 You know, we'll just wait a couple days.
 She kind of laughs at me.
 And you know, anyway, so she goes to work.
 And that day I kind of bummed down.
 I'm like looking by wounds and I go and I put my backpack on and walk into school.
 I get to school and I'm super bummed out because I lost internet.
 I can't even check my email.
 I have no internet right now.
 I go into the computer lab at school.
 I check my emails and then I was like, I wonder if I said that thought, I wonder if
 I did, you know, if they would buy anything.
 So a lot of my PayPal account, like I did many times prior and every time I logged in
 the PayPal in the past, it was always a big zero on the top.
 How much money did you make?
 Zero dollars.
 I'm like, ah.
 And I logged in this time and guess what?
 It didn't say zero.
 The first time ever it said 70.
 And I was like, what?
 I was like, I made 70 bucks.
 Like, what I did, the way I did it apparently was illegal, but I did it.
 I made 70 bucks.
 Like, this actually works.
 And it was like, it was like the proof, the proof I needed, like this whole thing actually
 works.
 It's the whole idea of having lists works.
 I did it wrong.
 I did the, I did the wrong way, but there's got to be a right way to do this.
 And so starting on this journey of like, I have to figure out the legitimate way to
 build an email list because other people are doing it.
 I got a little taste of it.
 I made 70 bucks, um, uh, the wrong way.
 And so I got to figure out the right way.
 So I started this journey of like, I have to learn how to build lists.
 And that became my obsession for the next decade in my life.
 And still in session today, which is, um, which is, uh, you know, why we have big email
 lists because I focus on it.
 Um, uh, in fact, every single day we have a company wide meeting, uh, we call it the
 ClickFunnels Pulse meeting and one of the stats we share every single day is how many
 people joined our list yesterday.
 Like that's the number we're looking at.
 It's, it's a, uh, metric.
 It's a, a KPI in our company.
 How many people today join your list?
 It was interesting for all of you guys who are watching this.
 If you're not looking at metric daily, your list probably isn't growing.
 I've seen some people who have a business though, they'll grow a list and they get
 10,000, 20,000, 30,000 people on the list and then they stop and they're like, I got
 a list and they send emails to the list and they're making money so they're fine.
 But what happens is that list will start to atrophy over time and get smaller and smaller
 and eventually your business just disappears and dies.
 Um, your, your focus points, like you need to consistently continually always be building
 your list.
 Like that should be the number one metric you wake up every morning.
 How many people joined my list yesterday?
 How many joined yesterday?
 I'm the first time I got that.
 I wanted my friends, Dave and Smith, he told me that he said he, uh, he asked me to
 say how many people today join email list.
 I'm like, I don't know.
 You don't know that number.
 I'm like, no, I mean, people are joined.
 I don't, I don't look at that.
 And he's like, dude, what you, what you, uh, what you watch, uh, what you measure grows.
 Um, and so I was like, okay, so I'm gonna start looking at, so I started looking at,
 remember the time there's probably, I don't know, 60, 70 people today joining my list.
 And so I started watching that.
 And what's crazy is I started looking at number every single day, it started, it started
 making me upset in my head like, oh, it's only 70 people.
 And then, uh, your, your subconscious mind starts looking for ways.
 Well, how do I make this bigger?
 How do I make it bigger?
 And, uh, as I'm sitting there thinking how to make it bigger, the new ideas pop my head
 and then I'm more from 70 a day to 100 a day, to 150 a day to 500 a day to 1000 a day to
 2000 a day.
 And, uh, it became the focal point of my business.
 And so for all you guys, like, like, when you start getting this book, that's what I talk
 about, like all the things you're doing from traffic, you control, like the traffic you're
 buying the traffic that you're earning, all the goal of all that traffic is just to convert
 into traffic that you own, which is your list.
 Like your list is the key.
 That is, if you look at like, what's the biggest secret of the Russell has internet marketing,
 like your list is the key you need to be building your list.
 Like that's, that's the big aha.
 Okay.
 So you have to understand that.
 So, um, all the things I'm doing from Facebook lives to videos to podcast interviews to buying
 ads, the goal of all the things is to build my list and the key, uh, the key metric, the
 KPI look at every single day.
 And most important one of my business for me is how many people today join my list.
 Okay.
 And so all you guys need to be focusing on that.
 That's, that's the big thing.
 Um, some say what software do you use?
 I use this weird software called ClickFunnels.
 ClickFunnels builds my list.
 It does everything.
 So, um, all right.
 So, um, that's the big thing of a shan.
 Okay.
 So there's my little tangent.
 Um, can I understand?
 So traffic that you, that you own.
 Okay.
 Um, and I told you that story already.
 So again, when I'm going to do all this stuff, when I'm, when I'm buying ads, or I'm
 seeing when I'm buying ads, when I'm like doing, uh, earning, earning traffic, the goal
 both of those is to get it into traffic.
 I own, right?
 So when I'm on a podcast interview, I'm doing a podcast and I'm earning traffic.
 I'm on there and be interviewed at the end of it.
 What do I say?
 Okay.
 At the end of it, I'm like, Hey, by the way, um, I got this cool new book called traffic
 secrets.
 Go to trapsies.com to get free coffee.
 Go to trapsies.com, they click on the button, they put it in their what email address and
 what happens?
 They join my list.
 Oh, okay.
 That's the goal.
 I do the podcast and you're not just doing interview.
 I do an interview and interviews, not like that's okay.
 And yeah, I want to sell copies of the book, but go to the website, sell copies of the
 books and wait on my email list because that's the game.
 Okay.
 Um, and so that's, that's kind of, hopefully that helps you understand that.
 So I'll traffic your buying.
 I'll traffic your earnings all going into, um, one spot where you can build an email
 list because that's the secret of internet marketing.
 So if you look at these, some of you guys probably seen this, this is one of my squeeze
 pages.
 Okay.
 If you are marketing, secret.com/blackbook, this is one, this, this lead page alone is
 generated over 300,000 leads for me, 300,000 leads.
 Okay.
 Boom.
 This is one of my book funnels.
 The goal of it is to get somebody to join an email list.
 Like I'm sending people from all these places to spots and you know, every page I send somebody
 to like right now, I've sent you just, I sent you to trapsies.com.
 When you go there, guess what happens if you click on the button, you join my list.
 I say, go to funnels, click.com.
 You go there to get this free stuff, right?
 You give you this bait to go watch Frank Currant Presentation, Julius is in mind, right?
 They say four hours free videos, but what happens to watch those videos?
 You give me an email address.
 Now you join my list, right?
 So I'm doing this free, I'm working my way in right now to you guys, right?
 We'll then buy ads to this present, to this, this video, which I'll be buying my way in,
 but the goal of all of them is to get you on my email list, right?
 So I'm telling you, you got two different email lists today.
 Okay.
 That's my goal.
 I'm trying to convert all this traffic and I'm earning, right?
 I'm earning it, right?
 We've still got 160 of you guys on Instagram.
 We got 185 on Facebook.
 We'll push these things live over the next, you know, two or three weeks.
 We'll probably get, I don't know, 50 to 100,000 people to watch this video and from that,
 hopefully I'll get, I don't know, 20, 30,000 people to join my list from it, right?
 That's why I'm doing these exercises.
 Okay.
 That's why we do all this stuff.
 So hopefully you guys understand that.
 Okay.
 One more thing I'll talk about list building just to give you some metrics to make this
 really tangible for you and they'll kind of wrap it for today.
 When I got started, I had one of my friends, it was actually my filth name, I love Mike.
 I told me he said, "You should average, aren't average, you should make at least $1 per month
 per name on your email list."
 Okay.
 And I didn't realize this time, I don't know if that was high or low.
 It's actually really low.
 You should make more than that.
 But this is a really good baseline, right?
 So what that means, let's say you've got 100 people on your email list, you should
 average $1 per month per name on your email list.
 Okay.
 So I've got 100 people on email list, I should make at least 100 bucks a month from those
 people.
 I've got 1000 people on my email list, I should make 1000 bucks a month.
 I've got 50,000 people on my email list, I should make 50,000 a month and so on and
 so forth, right?
 And so for you guys who are starting a business, you're growing your company, you're like,
 how do I grow my company?
 Like, that's the big secret.
 How many people are on your email list right now?
 Okay.
 If I ask you, like, I don't know, then you don't have a business.
 You're goofing around.
 Engagement on Instagram does not count as an email list, right?
 The goal of Engagement on Instagram is to get people to go to your email list and join
 your list, right?
 Like, that's the tangible business that we're in.
 And so, I remember you told me that, I was like, okay, so I started at that point.
 It was back.
 It was my very first product called ZipBrandeur.
 I had a pop up on my list and so I started driving traffic to it.
 I remember the very first month, I got 217 people.
 Is it funny to remember some random numbers like that?
 217 people joined my email list, that very first month.
 In that month, I think it would be $300 in sales.
 I was like, okay, I was a little more than a dollar per name.
 Okay?
 And I was like, I'm gonna keep focusing.
 So I took that money that I made, I reinvested it back into more traffic.
 I got more people in and in the month number two, I had like 600 people on my list.
 In that month, I made like 800 bucks and I was like, huh, so I reinvested it back into
 ads, I kept doing it and soon I got to 2,000 people on my list.
 Then 1,500 people, then 2,000 people on my list and that number stayed pretty synced.
 When I 2,000 people on my list, I was making like a little over 2,000 a month.
 When I had 5,000 people on my list, I made 5,000 a month.
 When I had 100,000 people on my list, I made 100,000 people on my list, I made 100,000.
 Now I'm at over 1.7, 1.8 million dollars on people on my email list.
 We make more than that per month, right?
 So those numbers synced.
 And what's interesting is you get better at this game, right?
 You get better at communicating with your audience, better making offers, better telling stories,
 all this if I'm teaching you through these books, that number will go up.
 You shouldn't just make a dollar per name on email list.
 You can make $5 to $10.
 Sometimes I see local businesses where the lists are small, they only have like 800 people
 on their list, 500 people on their list.
 But because of the relationship, because they're local, they're able to make 10, 20, 30 bucks
 per name per email on their email list.
 And so that's just, I want to give you that number as a metric.
 Because if some of you are like, I need to retire, I want to work from home and I want
 to do whatever, right?
 That's the number you should be looking at, right?
 If you're saying, okay, how much, I need to make six figures a year, okay?
 If you have 10,000 people on your email list, you're averaging $1 per month per name, that's
 10 grand a month at times 12 months, that's 120,000 a year.
 So if you can focus, you get 10,000 people on your email list, based on the math, you
 should be making 120,000 bucks a year, your six figures a year, okay?
 If you're like, I need to make five grand a month to survive, cool.
 You should be focusing on building a list of 5,000 people.
 You get a list of 5,000 people, you should based on the math, if you do it okay, you should
 be making five grand a month, okay?
 If you get, you want to make, I want to make a million bucks, I want to hit two comic
 clubs, cool.
 It's just a math game, right?
 That means if you want two comic clubs, you need to focus on getting 100,000 people on
 your list, 100,000 people times 12 months is 1.2 million bucks a year, okay?
 So that's the game you guys, that's what you guys are understanding.
 The list is the secret, that's the metric, that's the thing we're all focusing on.
 So all this traffic stuff we're doing is as much fun as this, like how do you face
 big ads and Google ads and do integration marketing, how do you do growth hacking,
 how do you like all the things we're talking about, as exciting as those things are and
 they are, they're pretty amazing, the real secret, the real big aha is that all the focus
 point of that is to turn it into traffic that you actually own.
 I think tomorrow we're actually going to talk about follow up funnels.
 I'm pretty sure, yeah.
 So tomorrow we're going to talk about follow up funnels.
 So follow up funnels like, now some of my list, now what I do with them, how do you
 make a dollar per name per month Russell?
 Well you do it by the follow up funnel, this is the sequences and tomorrow we're going
 to go deep into that.
 But it gives you guys a hint just so you like, no, I was doing, and I'll show you this
 tomorrow, we'll go deep into this.
 I was looking at my front end funnels, and we did a 30 day snapshot in a window, and
 in a 30 day window for every dollar we made in one of our front end funnels, those are
 the funnels I buy ads to where I push through stuff like this, I'm buying my way, working
 my way in a 30 dollar make in that front end funnel, we made $16.49 in the next 30 days
 through the follow up funnel, these are the emails and the messages that are sent to them
 over the next 30 days.
 So that's the big secret you guys.
 So, you know, I will share that with you guys tomorrow, but I want you guys to just, if
 I do nothing else, to drill into your brain today, the traffic secret drill into your
 brain today, the most important thing to be focusing on is traffic that you own.
 How do you convert all the traffic you're earning, all the traffic you're buying into
 traffic that you own?
 Because then when the storms come and they're coming, you're feeling it right now.
 When the recession hits, when the depression hits, when Facebook gets shut down by the
 government, when whatever, like the platform you're on, like when people are huge on Vine
 and then Vine got destroyed, and then people will have podcasts, and they'll say the podcast
 disappear, like who knows what it's going to be, but as long as you're focusing all your
 efforts on one thing, traffic that you own, you'll survive the hard times.
 Okay?
 I've survived two, two collapses of the economy.
 I've survived, or excuse me, one big collapse of the economy, two collapses of my business.
 I've survived all these things because of one thing, one thing alone.
 I have my email list.
 That's the big secret.
 You guys got that?
 That's the big secret.
 So, always think about that today.
 In fact, that should be your goal right now is you get off the thing, start thinking,
 okay, how big is my email list today?
 That's the more one.
 Okay?
 Now is the time to start, okay?
 But look at how big is your email list?
 It's number one.
 Number two, how many people per day are joining it?
 Okay?
 In fact, if that's zero, then that's the next day.
 How do I get people every day to do it?
 And then number three is like, okay, how do I make that number bigger?
 Okay?
 What you measure grows.
 So, if you start measuring it, it'll grow or shrink if you're in weight loss, right?
 You probably don't want it.
 If you're measuring your waist every day, you don't want it to grow, but it'll shrink.
 But in business, you want it to grow.
 So, whatever you measure, it will grow.
 So, every single day, the number you should be looking for is how much did my list grow
 today?
 How many of these got today?
 That's what we're going to start focusing on, okay?
 Hope you guys just survive the storms and the craziness.
 That's just important.
 So, there you guys go.
 That is the traffic secret.
 For today's event this year, we had a good turnout today.
 You guys must be bored out of your minds at home during the quarantine.
 So, if you are, what I recommend doing right now, go like you can have this by time of
 hand out tomorrow, you guys can listen this entire book.
 Go to trafascicors.com.
 You can pre-order a hard-bound copy of this book.
 For free, they don't ship until May 5th, though, but the order for a bump is the audio
 book of this.
 And if you get the audio book, you can plug in your ears and you can listen to it seven
 hours of me reading the entire book word for it.
 By this time tomorrow, you can have it done and we can get back to work.
 So, that's your challenge.
 Just go do your, like, why are you sitting there and go do it?
 Like, let's go.
 Trafascicors.com.
 Get the hard-bound book.
 There's also a whole bunch of amazing video bonuses you get.
 You get a presentation from Prince EA who has over three billion views on Facebook.
 He does a presentation to get for free in there.
 Pang June talks about how he does social media.
 His presentation for me about Trafascicors.
 It's a bunch of cool stuff to get for free in there.
 You just got to go get the book for free and then get the audio books you can start
 listening to today if you want.
 Those who have been asking about how to get the whole box set, the upsell flow you can
 get the box set and the upsell flow, so that's there as well.
 And then if you guys have to, you've done that and you're like, "I need more stuff
 for us, so I want to keep geeking out.
 I want to sharpen myself on my brain to get bigger."
 Then you just go to right here at funnelflix.com.
 The ClickFunnels has entered the streaming wars.
 We are trying to destroy Disney+, Netflix and all the others.
 No, I'm just kidding.
 This is way better.
 But you guys get a free week at funnelflix.com.
 This is called the free premiere week.
 You can go there and you put an email address in ClickSmith and you can get the first four
 presentations for free.
 First one's from my man, Frank Kern, one of the original OGs in the minute of marketing.
 He's one of the dudes I was learning from when I got started.
 He did a secret presentation of funnel hacking live.
 Nobody knew who's coming and when he came out on stage they flipped out.
 Anyway, his presentation's there for free.
 You have funnelflix.com, put your email address in here and then what happens?
 You join my list.
 What Russell practices what he preaches?
 Oh, this is so crazy.
 You join my email list.
 Boom, then you watch French presentation.
 Then number two, you go right here and you watch a presentation from Julius who built
 an Instagram following five or six million people.
 He's a magician.
 His presentation was insane.
 His magic for me is awesome.
 Then over here you got a presentation from me on your value ladder which is awesome.
 Anyway, so funnelflix.com.
 So trapsies.com, get your book.
 Funnelflix.com, go geek out.
 Your free premiere week over here.
 A bunch of cool stuff.
 With that said, you guys, I appreciate you all.
 Thanks for hanging out.
 Tomorrow we'll be back.
 Tomorrow we're going to follow up funnels which will be a lot of fun and yeah, it's
 going to be fun.
 So anyway, appreciate you guys thanks for hanging out today.
 If you got any value from this, please comment down below.
 Let me know.
 If you're on Facebook, watch this, please share it.
 That'd be awesome too.
 I don't know.
 Can you share this on Instagram live?
 I don't really know how that works.
 But feel free to share this if you got any value of me in the world.
 The world of me, thanks for hanging out.
 I appreciate you all.
 We'll see you guys all again tomorrow.
 Bye.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between
 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people who
 are on the podcast.
 So I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we
 start having conversations.
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free
 swag, giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things you can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
