 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson welcome to mark nieces podcast today. We're gonna be talking about fortifying new weaknesses
 So your company continue to grow long-term
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone, hope everything's amazing
 We are getting ready for the holidays in fact this episode probably alive during Christmas maybe you know on Christmas
 I don't even know
 But last week we had our big partner meeting will all of our partners fly out to Boise
 We lock ourselves in the room for today's and we discuss the plans and the future and world domination what we're gonna do and
 Trying to figure out the whole process. What's crazy? So
 Anyway our goal for last for last year like last year when we did this our goal is like we're gonna do a hundred million
 Dollars and sales in a calendar year
 So we've done it in like I think it was like three years or something took us to get it hundred million
 We're right we want to do a hundred million in a calendar year
 So that was the big goal and actually what's crazy is as of yesterday when recording this podcast we did it
 We broke a hundred million dollars in one calendar year. Ah, it was just crazy. So
 Insane, so thank you for all your support everybody who's invested in the programs who's by uses the software who loves what we do
 We are grateful for you guys and for making it happen. So on you know now next year. It's like what's the next goal?
 What's the next phase? So we had the big meeting got everyone out here and
 It was a lot of fun
 We basically like said we lock ourselves in a room
 And we just have a big list of items we go through and then we try to prioritize and schedule and figure things out and
 Just kind of a cool thing to do every single year and but I wanted to share with you guys is how I started the meeting this year
 That's different than normal. So basically we started the meeting. I brought it when together. It's okay
 You know, we've done some amazing things this year
 We have some big goals for next year before we get into any of that
 I want to talk about all the ways that ClickFunnels could fail
 Everyone's like, oh, that's a depressing way to start the meeting
 I'm like, we're not in an depressing way
 But like if we're not aware of like where are our choke points that where could we actually get tapped out?
 If we're not aware of where our weaknesses are then
 Then it's it's like almost like a lot of people
 We don't want to look at those things
 We kind of hold a blind eye, right even not just in business spend everything in life
 Like where are my weaknesses my marriage and my family relationship with my kids like where the weaknesses?
 We typically like our brains don't like to think about the unpleasantness of things
 So we kind of block those things and we don't we don't talk about it
 We don't think about them as opposed to the opposite
 Which is like being aware of them acknowledging them and then fortifying yourself surround those things so that the problems don't happen, right?
 It's not what we kind of talk about so in every business there's things that can make your business crash
 I know because I have crashed multiple businesses in the past and hopefully I learned each time and I've tried to fortify things stronger the next time
 But for example last time I had my big business crash just me guys from maybe have heard this story before
 It was actually right about time I started this podcast, but we had a hundred and something employees and
 We had all of our merchant accounts
 We I think we had like 14 emergency accounts, but they're all with the same process their same bank
 So I thought we had like diversity because they were different process different merchant accounts
 But apparently because they're on the same bank the bank looks them as one merchant
 I even though there's like 14 of them and so when that bank said they didn't like us anymore
 They shut down the merchant account, but they shut down all of our merchant accounts and lost 14 of them and with this huge business
 Was growing everything was doing amazing, but that one like that one thing that chokehold
 Was able to like really quickly like someone just pinch that and the whole company basically went under
 You know, I let go 80 people in in a weekend
 It was horrible and it's all because of that one thing and so I started thinking in like what are the one of the things inside
 ClickFunnels that if they were to go wrong
 Could destroy this amazing thing that we built, you know
 It's one of them again is like merchant accounts like are we diversified?
 Do we have backups if stripe shut us down?
 What would we do what would be the process would be the you know like what can we other things we need to ensure that we don't like
 What are our charge back rates? What are our refund rates? Like what what's high? What's low?
 What are we need to be and like just just figuring out all those things because the last thing to roll what happened is
 Lose my merchant account and I lose click funnels, right?
 And then everybody who we've been serving now we screw them over because they lose that piece, right?
 This is the things keep me up at night by the way
 So that was the first one we talked about what happens if FSC didn't like how we sold something like oh my gosh
 Like that could be another choice my FSC came in and said we don't like how you sell your stuff
 We could be shut down so we're like what do we do?
 So it's like okay, let's go in this hired FTC where to go through every single page every single funnel and give us feedback
 We'll make changes the copy was with our webinar presentation like things that aren't compliant. Let's change those things. Let's look at
 You know all sorts of things join the BBB you know joining there's another pro
 Anyway other organization trying to join that you know whatever we can do to like protect ourselves from anything bad like that
 Happening so make sure that we are squeaky clean at all aspects there, right?
 And then like what happens if our servers are going down what happens if it's we're looking at all the all the possible things that could go wrong
 And then instead of like trying to turn a blind eye to him and not think about him
 We try to like face them straight on that. Okay. Here's the weaknesses
 What do we need to do?
 How do we fortify what are all the things we can do to protect ourselves and protect our customers and the people we're serving and it's it's those things
 and so I
 Share with you guys because first off so you're aware that I am doing everything my power to
 To continue a solid
 Foundation for all of you guys
 I want to make sure you have a place to build your your businesses on and your legacy on and we want to make sure we're here
 For a thousand years, right?
 So hopefully it gives you guys some comfort there, but second off
 I think you should all be looking at your business as well if you only have one merchant account
 That's kind of scary if you only have one traffic source. That's scary
 If all your ads come to Facebook what happens if Zuckerberg decides to change how ads work or everything's coming from Google
 What if the algorithm changes again?
 What if like just being super aware what I have a business partnership
 And I'm like what if my partner I don't get along with what could happen there?
 What happens if you know and like all the what ifs and looking at those things and figuring out how do we fortify against us?
 Right same thing could be true in your marriage
 Right? What are the points like something bad like if something bad happened your marriage?
 Like what are those things? It's like okay be aware of those things then how do we fortify against that right?
 Like when Clint and I first got married and for sure this business I started hiring people
 One of the very first things that we kind of sat down and said is like okay like I'm not gonna go to lunch with
 a single female like that's just something I will never do and that's just like a stronghold like even if it's like
 There's someone I'm not attracted to or the someone the way different
 I it's just a rule like I don't go to lunch by myself with a female like it's just it's just you just don't do it right because
 Who knows what could happen what people could think it happened or whatever it doesn't even matter
 It's just I'm fortifying myself against against potential problems, right?
 And so we set up these fortifications ahead of time and then you won't have the issues and so
 Now that we're in the season of planning and preparing and thing figure things out
 I just challenge you guys to look at your weaknesses and fortify yourselves around it
 You know
 If I was to go to to war against a cup another country
 I'd be looking the same thing like where are we we get where we can land on sea like like where are they strong or where we
 We get like how do we how do we fortify it ourselves so that when if the tax come there
 More prepared for them and we can we can withstand the blows so
 Anyway, there you go you guys. There's less than for today
 It's not gonna be the most fun conversation
 But I promise you it's a lot more fun than the conversation
 You have afterwards when your merchants accounts get shut down or when Zuckerberg shuts down your traffic or when you know
 The F2C finds your phone was not compliant or when
 Whatever whatever your thing might be and so I just want to encourage all yes to what we did and really look at those weaknesses
 Focus on them figure out how to fortify them
 As you're making your plans for for the upcoming year because doubling your company or tripling your company
 Whatever your your lofty exciting goals are which are fun
 All that fun just appears quickly if you're not careful
 So hope to help somebody out there
 I know it's a big thing for us this year as they're trying to figure how to go from a million or from a hundred million to a billion
 Which I don't think is a is a 12-month goal
 But I think it is a 10-year goal, you know
 How do we make sure fortified so that when we 10x where right now we can handle and support it and we're prepared for it?
 Yeah, so hope the help she guys
 With that said I appreciate you all. Thank you so much for hanging out on the podcast if you've learned anything or if you
 Enjoy this please take a screenshot on your phone
 You just click the buttons boom take a screenshot go to Instagram Facebook wherever your social app post and say
 The number one thing your base takeaway you got from this episode
 Please tag me in except love to see that and and then if you hashtag marketing secrets
 In the post as well that'd be awesome and yeah, it's been fun watching more and more of you guys
 Taking snapshots and posting your big takeaway from the episodes means a lot to me and I love it
 And so please keep doing it plus helps other people find out about our podcast and hopefully I can help serve more people
 So with that said thanks you guys when we'll talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called comm secrets and you get your free copy at comm secrets calm
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world.
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
