 Hey everyone, it's Russell Brunson. I'm here today with Branko Peters on the marketing
 secrets podcast.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get
 our products and our services and the things that we believe in out of the world and yet
 still remain profitable? That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 So everyone I got a really special podcast for you. I'm so excited for it. Right now
 we are where we at? Quai. Quai, Quai, Quai, Quai. This is our been our backyard for
 the last week and we're heading home tomorrow which is kind of sad. But I wanted to get
 Brent in here to help you guys out because obviously in the Marketing Secrets podcast
 I talk a lot about the marketing stuff and Brent has been out for over a decade. How
 long is it exactly? 11 years. In the July. 11 years. Dang that's crazy. So that's when
 we started because we, because anyone else was here when you first got started officially.
 Anybody who's here now? Brittany was here after you. Brittany came in after, I don't
 think anybody else who was here before I started to still here. So Brent's been the longest
 long-term person. It's the Doral Navy. Doral in Romania. We got Romanian. Yep.
 Our backlight is kind of lit. This is hard to see us. But Brent's been around forever
 and done tons of different roles. And right now he runs the entire operations of ClickFunnels.
 And so I wanted to kind of have him talk about some of the stuff because it's a big
 part of growing and scaling company that we don't talk about a lot. But first, do you
 want to talk about your backster like, as far as like getting into this whole thing?
 It's kind of a funny story. How backster do you want? We should move here to the couch
 so we can see a little better. So I met Brent at church initially. Do you want to pull?
 Yeah. So I plan these things on. And I want to give you first impressions about like
 what we, like this whole business thing. When you got introduced to it. I know a lot of
 people go through that, especially with spouses or friends or potential employees or partners
 who they don't know this world at all. It's kind of weird at first. Yeah. I had no idea.
 I was at, I met Russell's kind of through a church function and, and definitely nobody
 did. When I kind of thought I'd made money on the internet, I thought I was like, I mean,
 I initially thought like eBay, he sounds like an eBay or, you know, I had no idea. I really
 couldn't understand. And so he had some of the business partners and friends that he
 would kind of work with him at the time. And I kind of pulled those guys apart and I was
 like, asked those guys to, what does he really do? And, and one of them, one of our friends,
 my mutual friends, you know, he knew that I didn't understand. And so I, I talked, talked
 to my wife, and she said, I don't know what the rest of this Russell Brunson guy is doing,
 but it is freaking crazy. Like I knew like my, our friend was sharing constant numbers
 that Russell is doing. He was still in university. I was going to school as well. And he was
 making more money than my parents combined income was and they, more money than they,
 they'd ever made. So I was like, I gotta find out what this guy is doing. So like any
 friend, we invited him as wife over dinner on a Sunday afternoon and I just kind of started
 asking him really carefully, you know, what are you doing? What exactly is this? And,
 and he just kind of started sharing kind of what he was up to, what he was, what he's
 doing. And, and, you know, obviously he doesn't, doesn't brag about what he was doing. The
 success he was having, but he's having tremendous success. And so I, after they left, you know,
 we had a good dinner and visited and then they left. And like, I couldn't sleep like
 three days. My, my head was just like spinning. I ruined him. He did. He did. I was screwed
 at that point. Um, you know, after, after that happened, I, yeah, I could not, I couldn't
 fathom the success. But what was most important there is, is the value that he was providing
 the world. That's cool. And was that before after all of our kids, the, so we had twins
 and they had their, their first son like week before. Yeah. Because I kind of thought
 before after. Yeah. So we, we met you before, you know, we've been friends a little while.
 And then, um, I think that, yeah, I think we had our kids and then you guys move kind
 of fairly up. Yeah. I remember is, um, so when we had our twins, we were in an NSCU
 for like two weeks, basically. So we just ran a hotel room in the hospital and just hung
 out there and just goofed off. And, uh, I remember he was coming and like, do we need
 to go to work or why you didn't, he thought I was going to go, I, yeah, I, I told my
 wife, I'm like, we got to take dinners over there or something. We got to help him because
 they're in the hospital with these twins and they can't leave and he can't work because
 he's in the hospital. And just a little bit, you know, the internet was working. No clue.
 Anyway, so that was fun. So then a little while later, um, then we're going to start
 to come work for us initially with affiliate management. Um, for the first how many years
 you got for a long time. Yeah, really for like eight, nine years. I mean, rough. Well,
 you know, the hats were always going to be moved, but there's a small company, you do
 a lot of everything. Yeah. So yeah, probably eight years, really, really kind of focus
 on the business development and affiliate management and partners and stuff like that.
 And, um, December knows, um, I know, I recently, um, on the podcast had, um, the presentation
 I gave from a finicking live, I won funnel away about stories and I talked about Brent
 in that maybe crying in the middle of my presentation was kind of embarrassing, but
 you were here for like the goods and the bads. Like when we went from like, like five employees
 up to like a hundred and back down to like five and like all the stress up and down.
 I'm curious, honestly, why you didn't leave when everything collapsed and crashed. Yeah.
 It's a good question. Uh, you know, I don't know the answer. Yeah. You're going to get
 me really vulnerable. So, you know, working with, with, you know, an entrepreneur, especially
 with Russell, I mean, you know, where the heart is and, and, you know, there was a
 game of point where he was trying to help too many people. And, you know, he was employing
 a lot of friends and family and people he, that he wanted to provide opportunities for.
 And that was great to a certain point, but there was a point there where, you know, business
 changed a little bit evolved and, and we were needing to make some changes with it. And
 those changes wouldn't allow him to continue supporting everybody who was supporting. And
 that was very difficult for him. And, and my wife, my wife and I, you know, because we,
 we cared and loved Russell and their family and, and we, you know, we came to point where
 I, I, I didn't want to be a burden. I didn't want to be, I didn't, I knew that he was stressed
 and worry about taking care of people. And I had a conversation with my wife. I just
 said, like, I'd rather keep our friendship than having to feel stressed about supporting,
 you know, having opportunity for me to, to be working there. So, one day I kind of came
 into your office and he's kind of a real chat. And I, I said some things that just,
 I just, I was, I wanted him to understand, you know, how important what he was doing
 was. And I, and also I wanted him to understand that I was okay to leave. Like, I don't want
 him to feel like he needed to provide for me. Like I, I would be fine to figure things
 out. I just want to make sure he was okay. Because it was the point where you were helping
 so many people that, you know, really one hiccup, you could have lost everything. You
 were, you were refunding everything. All your savings is going back into the company. And
 at some point you just can't keep doing that.
 Yeah. They got really scary. But somehow we pulled it around.
 I mean, obviously you, you had to make some, you had to make some tough, tough, you know,
 phone calls and, and decisions there that, I mean, absolutely changed the, the company
 at that point. And, you know, basically like, I mean, we had 100 some employees. We let,
 we had all these wrestlers working for me. So we let go. The wrestling team, we had
 to downsize and fire. Yeah, it was, and we shrunk from like 20,000 square for billion
 to 2000. And then anyway, it was, it was rocky and scary. But he gave us the ability to like
 refocus and refigure things out. Remember, we had a couple trips where like trying to
 figure out, who are the people that are solving success in our market? We jumped in a plane,
 we were traveling to different people's offices. We spent time with Ryan Dyson, Perry Belcher,
 trying to figure out what they were doing with flow, the rich chef, and they were doing
 just people who are friends and just kind of at this time to figure out like what's actually
 working today and how do we shift our business model and change everything. And it's funny
 how much pain that was in that time. But then we flew to London. Yeah.
 And then like how, how, how important it was for like the transition that what became
 ClickFunnels and everything else. Yeah. So anyway, so anyway, so many fun stories we
 talk about forever, but we don't have time for all those things. So what, what I want
 to talk about today though is, so probably about two years ago, probably a year into
 the business when we first started growing like we're, it's, it's funny. I got a message
 today from Alex Sharf and he's like, I messaged him something and he was like, you sound so
 calm, pop half because we're hearing Hawaii probably. But he was like, he's like, I don't
 know any other person running $100 million your company that's as relaxed and like, and
 is able to respond to people and like, anyway, but we first started like we didn't know what
 we're doing. Like it was just kind of like, we don't have to sell stuff. We started selling
 ClickFunnels started growing and all of a sudden like all sorts of new headaches came
 up with that like from a software standpoint, Todd and then we brought in Ryan and like
 they had to deal with infrastructure ups and downs and like right now I think, I think
 if you were, excuse me, I think like based on like Alexa record number 700 most visited
 website in the world, but that's not getting anybody's custom domain. Take it with custom
 domains. We're probably the top 500 websites in the world. There's not many humans on earth
 that have ever dealt with like that kind of scaling and infrastructure and like Todd
 never done it. Ryan never done it. They're figuring this stuff along the way and we're
 hiring consultants then on the marketing side we're trying to grow and then like all
 these things and as everything was growing, like one thing that we didn't have in place
 was like any of like the internal like company business stuff like we were gonna sell people
 and get coders, but we had to do that and it was funny because you never had experienced
 that either though. No really no. And we had this time where internally there were like
 that everything was shaking and then it's a basically Brent and we're gonna take you from
 the management, you're gonna run this role and didn't know what to expect if there's
 gonna work or there's not gonna work and he was able to step into this thing and just
 has turned this, has really like simplified like I've had zero stress about that part
 of the business since you took it over and from that time went from my 20 employees
 to now I don't even work to now. 135. She's a boy, he's a contractor so we've got a few
 different folks but lots of people and so I love this talk just I mean first you step
 in that role and it was probably disorganized and stuff like what were your thoughts would
 you have to go and figure out and would you have to learn to be able to turn it into
 what it is now? I think the big thing you know is Russell's vision for the company we
 worked together long enough that I knew where he wanted to go. I mean we even just inherently
 just kind of knew and the big thing about Russell is his ability to build strength and
 stuff with good people and so that was the first part is evaluating who do we have currently
 you know are they in the right seat on the bus is a big part of that too and some of
 that you know we kind of tested different things and something's worked and something didn't
 work very well. We brought people and we started the phone stuff a little bit with a click
 start program and some of those guys were better than others and then we've evolved
 that program but the big thing about us obviously support and we had we had I mean
 when you guys initially started hiring some support team members those guys were rock stars
 and a lot of those guys have been are still with us today and they've evolved even in
 their positions with the company because of their commitment and their love of click
 funnels you know I love when I get to interview and talk to people and when they when those
 individuals say I love click funnels like that that is the coolest compliment that we can
 get is is when we've got people who want to raise their hand they want to work with us
 because they love click funnels they love the mission they love the ability to help
 people and and so you know I think the biggest challenge was was you know how do we how do
 we grow with it because the marketing side sales side was growing so fast that you know
 we you know it's important we that we're providing or taking care of our users and helping them
 have the best experience possible and also click funnels isn't just some easy push button
 software I mean there's it is easy to use once you understand it but there's a lot of
 different parts of it and and understand marketing is a big part of it so we need to bring on
 people who could understand click files who understood marketing and also understood Russell's
 style and the way you're taking everything yeah it's crazy because yeah I think when you
 took over the role that it wasn't just a support but that was a big piece of it honestly
 because probably what it does in support people at the time yeah there's probably yeah six
 to ten well I got ten ten or so yeah the way to take that it's been funny because like
 one of the the Christians of here sometimes about click phones is like all supports not
 live live all the time and it's it's funny that I can you know Aweber's live and say yeah
 Aweber has been growing for 20 years they probably get four new signups a day like click
 funnels right now it's been a while since I've looked at the stats but it's anywhere between
 like 500 to 1000 signups a day every single day they're coming to click phones trying
 to learn this huge platform that runs your entire company and it's like how do we stay
 in front of that like you know and like our goal is eventually to get the point where
 it's real time supporters close to that as possible but like there's no one else in our
 spaces have had to deal with that they've grown companies that fast most big companies
 like striping is they don't have any support at all because they're like we we can't so
 therefore we don't yeah this is like but we just need to have that support and education
 stuff like that in place and I think what you did initially I know that Ryan was part
 of this Ryan Montgomery helps that's initially too but like just for those who have support
 teams or maybe you have three or four people in that in starting a scale something like
 you kind of broke people into teams you want to talk about some of that initial stuff that
 you guys did there to make you have to make the scaling side of support easier yes we
 moved over so we were you know we moved over to intercom and so that allowed us to do you
 know like live support so it wasn't initially right live but people could submit conversations
 we respond to them and that's we used to start and we've grown and that our response time
 that's what we kind of gauge our success our response time now there's a lot of software
 companies who offer like live support and all of support from like eight to five or something
 you know our sessions turned out to be really 24 hours we've got team members all around
 the world and so you know we initially started we actually had kind of international team
 and then we had more domestic teams but you know as we realized as we continue to scale
 and grow and we had more and more people international we've got international folks
 on every team we've got domestic folks on every team so they can kind of work that
 schedule out as needed but you know as we came in and we saw the amount of conversations
 that we had I mean these guys are answering like eight to nine thousand conversations
 a week you know our sport team it is crazy and our billing support is like unreal you
 know we've got a team of billing support team members and most of them are in our office
 we have few individuals who aren't but you know the big part of it was again having
 leadership in those positions so every support team we have has a team lead who is is is
 our the person that we reach out to that we help with training and they now can pass
 the message and all the training on to their their other team members how many so many
 teams we have right now so in technical support teams we have eight technical support teams
 we have one billing support team we've got one team that focuses on some different other
 partners we have that we work with in the past we've got a team that helps with our
 click start program so that's a program people can sign up with and it allows them to be
 able to get some help on the initial setup and we've got a team lead who helps run that
 team cool I think what's cool about this for any
 of us who are scaling like what would have been like in fact this is what happened first
 is we're scaling there's one person charged and I like ten people underneath them and
 then we're trying to grow and everything's growing and like that person couldn't handle
 like anymore growth it's hard to have more than like eight to ten like people you report
 you get bigger nag it's stressful it's really hard so Brendan came in it's okay the people
 that we have their rock stars make each of those team lead and let's put employees underneath
 each of those things and the team lead can train the employees make sure they're doing
 good and he's only got to deal with the eight or ten team leads deal with them and then
 they are working with the individual people it gives us like a communication channel to
 get through and now he's not having 90 you know direct reports back to me just as the
 eight things like that another cool thing we did recently is the train because the other
 big thing that we have and some of you guys will have some similar something similar to
 your businesses is you know like someone's saying about like our fashion competitors there's
 a competitor who has software that has pages that generates leads and like their software
 does one thing is like one button you click and that's it and it's like very very simple
 click phones it's like we're building your landing pages your funnel is your shopping
 cart your affiliate platform your autoresponders there's like the eight thousand things and so
 for us we can't hire someone and boys at home they can you know your support person
 for click phones like there's such a learning curve they've done so you can be able to do
 that so a couple things number one is that most of our hires come for people that are
 members of our software which is a big thing for you guys to think in inner circle this
 comes up all the time like where do I find rock stars I'm like I guarantee your rockstar
 your dream for is there's already a customer of your product right now like look to your
 internal customer base for your rock stars because they're gonna know your product they're
 gonna be passionate they're gonna care more than just so many pull off the street that's
 like number one the number two then is we needed how do we train these people I think
 initially each team leader's just trained their people right yeah but they were getting
 bogged down in the training not being able to support and manage stuff like that so talk
 about the new team that's the training team right yeah well you know a big part of this
 help mark mark came up and mark you know is helping work he does a lot more work directly
 with the team leads there's no mark banger he's killing he's off yeah he does you know
 he still kind of bounces customer education and helps with support management so so mark
 him in and then we you know we had the idea yeah recognizing we brought new people on
 they'd kind of if initially they would slow down the rest of the team and so we had we
 pulled another team lead out we pulled Andrew out Andrew Newman and he now his focus is
 just training so as we bring new team members on he's focusing on those guys as we look
 at as he doesn't have maybe anybody currently to teach he's reaching out to people who've
 been on team who maybe lack you know knowledge about backpack or action edicts and then he's
 he's we're pulling those guys out he's doing training with those guys so we can get everybody
 up to this the same level same to you yeah that's cool we did some of that back when we
 had our big call center before the big crash of what you're doing away the crash of what
 I could be had 60 sales guys and prom sending we hired ourselves without the street and
 we've got to train them so we had a training team so every sales guy come in they go through
 a two week training or Robbie Summers was one that managed that and then the ones that
 were good we then put them on the floor under another team and ones that suck we would
 just get rid of them that's kind of same thought here is like let's bring people and
 have someone who's dedicated to training them when they're ready then put them on a
 team so you start running with the everybody's supposed to pull people back so anyway just
 crazy like all these anyway these are all the things that we're learning as we're growing
 and scaling along the way someday we're gonna write a book about this whole journey and this
 whole experience because I think a lot of times companies are built where like there's a
 new idea at a higher venture capitalist they bring in a management team they bring it out
 all stuff and then they can build a company where us was like raw passion and that's what's
 like growing this whole thing and kept it kept to the flow so anyway it's been a fun ride
 so far it's been it's been an unbelievable ride I'm dead it's a lot of fun so I appreciate
 all your work and help in everything you do and hopefully this gives some of you guys
 ideas as you're growing either support teams or development team your management or one
 of those things are and you look at also I had someone I was Andrew Warner from a mixture
 G that they interview me and he was like how are you able to write books and and run a
 software company and do coaching and well I always different things and same thing is
 come at Brent mentioned earlier like I've got really good surrounding myself with with
 amazing people where I feel like it's almost like there's parts of the company that people
 are running like you're running all the operational stuff so I don't have to worry about that
 like hiring the firing the finding of people like Brent does that so I just talked to Brent
 and then all the people stuff is taking care of Todd and Ryan run the whole development
 team like and so like they like Todd's run that I talked to Todd all the time but like
 it's just happening and I don't have to stress about that and then I'm kind of run the marketing
 team and you know Dave's running you know this day and this is John's there's probably
 five or six people that I that I really deal with directly inside the company and I'm able
 to do the part that I love the most and the best stat and I think that I think a lot of
 us entrepreneurs and most of the people that are in those those positions all get profit
 share and equity in the company and I think one of my big mistakes I made when I first
 got started was like I was so protective like this is my you know like I wanted I wanted
 so much control over everything that I like stifle everything whereas then I was able
 to give up control as they would bring rock stars in people that have skill sets that I
 don't and now because they have they have stake in the game like I don't have to worry
 about every decision every single thing like I trust Brent he makes a thousand decisions
 a day that I never even questioned or think about because I trust him to be with Todd
 and say like like they they know like they they do that because I was willing and able
 to do that so I think a lot of you guys if you're struggling at growth you don't have
 the ideas like you're not gonna bring on venture capitalists and destroy your soul and you want
 to grow something it's like the opposite of that is like bring on really smart people
 and give them a stake in the game and then it's kind of like Chad Holmes used to tell me
 said that in his company everyone was based on a percentage of sales it was no salary
 based people he said it's cool about that it's like big months every gets big checks
 small months every gets small checks but everyone's in it together and I think that
 building teams that way is better than bringing a bunch of money and hiring the right people
 it's hiring the best people it's like hiring the right people and giving them incentive
 to where they can they can grow and do whatever they want in fact I'm sure one thing this is
 cool I'm not sure this probably can anyway so this was
 we have these accounts most marketers or most entrepreneurs only can count but we have these
 accounts and every year I have to go to the county meeting and they would always talk
 about like all the stuff to do to try to lower your anyway super annoying and it was like
 the worst meeting of my year just straight like I lose all motivation momentum for the
 entire week so I was so stressed out and I remember driving home from those so pissed
 off at the accountants for trying to ruin my happiness in life and I remember in this
 podcast I have to go find it I was like my goal is I want not only am I gonna max out
 my tax bracket I'm gonna have everyone I know around me all my partners all the people that
 are pushing this I want I want to max out their tax bracket as well and we're talking
 about this earlier on this trip here in Hawaii like there's probably half a dozen or so
 people on our team now who have maxed out their tax bracket because of this whole concept
 we're talking about and that is like the coolest feeling in the entire world so it's
 pretty awesome it's pretty amazing so there you go cover Uncle Sam there you go anyway
 that's all I got you everything else would add no I just it's it's such a just a again
 I said it's unbelievable it truly is every day and it's how cool it is to come and work
 with people friends and and you know good people that it's just a positive positive place
 in our company culture is a big deal for you know you you drive that and it's been you
 know really fun to see people come into our office or you just come into our business
 or space and and to feel that sense that even those who work remote and we've got a lot
 of team members who work remote and most of them yeah most of them are and it can kind
 of lonely road out there but yeah you know we do things to try to help them feel the
 feel love and Russell was then swag people and just unexpected things that just make
 you feel the love and and help them know that we appreciate them that's a big deal so here's
 question for those who may want to join the ClickFunks team what's the have they you know
 I mean we got a link on ClickFunnels at the bottom ClickFunnels at the careers but we're
 always looking if you I mean if someone out there is is passionate you want to build
 it to find a place with us hit me up they can hit me up on Facebook hit me up email
 Brent at click files.com to send me email cool I could direct you where to go and you know
 we have applications up yeah yeah it's awesome well thanks man so that's a little bit of
 behind the scenes how the HR the growth the internal stuff what we're doing how we're
 doing it again we're just learning all this stuff along the way someday when I had a book
 about it what it's all done because the lessons that we've learned along with everything cool
 so hopefully this gave you guys a couple ideas and things as you're growing of scaling
 your teams and that's all I got so thanks everybody thank you Brent absolutely thanks
 guys bye.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow
 our company if so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at
 www.funnelhacker.tv
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
