 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Bronson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast.
 First off, hope you're awesome. Second off, I got some gold to share with you guys today.
 This is a question people will be asking you out because a lot of you know that in the last, I don't know, 12 months,
 I've bought in half a dozen companies and a whole bunch more are coming.
 And people can be asking what and why and how and all the things. So that's what this episode is all about.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in
 out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Bronson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Okay, so obviously this is something that we could and probably should go really, really deep on.
 This could be a three day seminar. It could be a 17,000 day challenge. It could be a book.
 This could be a lot of other things. But I've been talking about it just like my inner circle meetings and
 masterminds and unlock secrets a little bit here and there. And every time I talk about it, people's eyes light up
 and they're so excited. And they have so many questions. And then when I tell them a couple of the big gems, they don't believe me.
 So I want to blow your mind a little bit. You've cited it. So as you probably know, we're moving into a really interesting economy.
 And it's going to be really scary for a lot of people and really good for other people.
 Those who are prepared, you shall not fear, right? And hopefully you've been preparing for as long as you've been hanging out with me
 and listening to me and talking to me and seeing podcasts and books.
 I've been doing my best to prepare all you guys for the last almost two decades now.
 But specifically, really heavily over the last eight or nine years as QuickTholes has been around.
 We've been trying very, very, to the best of my abilities to give you guys the understanding and the skill sets
 to be able to write your own paychecks, to be able to drive traffic, to be able to understand funnels and offers and strategy and all that kind of stuff.
 And so I hope you've been geeking out. I hope you've been studying. Hope you're not applying.
 Because now is the time when those skill sets are being called into play.
 The people who understand these principles will be the ones who, over the next three to five years, will build a solid foundation
 and will literally be the ones who control the internet.
 Afterwards, I don't have to say it more nicely than that, but it's true.
 Right now, businesses are going on sale at a huge discount.
 Most business owners don't have the chops for this economy.
 And so because of that, it's shifting things are changing.
 People are either wanting to get a business, selling their business, shutting their businesses down, or some variation of all those kind of things.
 And to be able to get businesses at a very, very low and expensive rate.
 A lot of times they're literally free.
 And so let me explain that a little bit more.
 Most people in most of the markets that we're in have businesses that aren't sellable to traditional buyers.
 So they have a business that they think is worth 10 million or 50 million or whatever.
 And they try to sell it to a traditional business and most people don't want to buy.
 And so the deals and the offers that are there for you are coming and realizing that they don't have a sellable business in the world.
 You know, out to the market.
 But because of that, it opens up these huge opportunities for you.
 So for example, some of the businesses we've had a chance to acquire or we are acquiring right now, these businesses can get bought on the open market.
 And so we're able to come in and say, "Okay, we know you don't have the ability to get purchased here, but I want to buy the business from you.
 But I want you to finance the business for me."
 So we do what's called seller financing.
 And it's similar to back in the day Robert Allen had a book called "No Money Down."
 You could buy houses with no money down.
 That was always confusing to me.
 I didn't study enough to know, but there was this weird thing where someone's going to have the house.
 But the business is really cool.
 I can literally buy a business.
 Let's say I come in and I'm going to buy a business for $10 million.
 But I'm not going to give you any cash right now.
 But I will pay you $100,000 a month for the next five years or whatever the math ends up being on that.
 There are so many people that will take that deal right now because first off they want to sell the business.
 They want to get out of the business.
 They want the risk, all the fear, all that kind of stuff.
 So I can buy the business for almost nothing.
 And now if I understand these core principles that you understand that I understand that we've been teaching you guys on,
 you can take a business and very quickly get it into cash flow.
 So a good example is Dan Kennedy's business.
 We bought that.
 And I'm not going to discuss the price when we spent all that kind of stuff, but I will say this.
 You guys would be shocked at how inexpensive it was.
 And then most of that purchase was financed.
 So that means is we bought the company.
 I put some money down to get the company so they handed the reins over to me.
 And then I had all the assets.
 I had the content.
 I had the customer list.
 I had the email list.
 I had all the stuff.
 From that, what did I do?
 I created a nearest as a splopper.
 Most of you guys know this.
 If you went to knowbsletter.com, you saw the ears of splopper.
 We took that.
 We put a month together.
 We both newsletter launched this offer.
 $97 a month newsletter.
 And we added like 4 or 5,000 people to the subscriber base.
 And then the cash flow from those customers now paid off the rest of the bill.
 Right?
 It paid off the business.
 And now, guess what?
 Only business.
 Free and clear.
 And it didn't cost me any money.
 The business produced the money.
 We're working another deal right now that we're buying that literally is coming with this huge customer,
 huge email list.
 And after we finish the transaction and we get the business over, we put money down, but
 then we're financing the rest of the business.
 And I would say within 30 to 60 days, we'll have created an offer that we launched to that
 customer list that will then cover the entire financing of the rest of the business.
 So it doesn't cost me anything after that.
 Because I understand structure and offers and funnels and upsells and downsells and cross sells and continuity
 and how to drive traffic and how to write emails and how to structure a thing and how to, you know,
 all the different things you guys have been learning, we can do it really quickly.
 There's another company right now that we are acquiring.
 It's a software company.
 It's like insanely cool.
 And same deal.
 We got the, we got the, this one we got completely for free.
 We are acquiring the company for free.
 It doesn't cost me anything.
 And then we have to start paying monthly on it, I think 30 or 60 days after we close.
 In that 38 window, I will take the customer list.
 I will create an Ears This Pull Offer.
 I will send an email to that customer list making an Ears This Pull Offer.
 The profits from the Ears This Pull Offer will then cover all the monthly payments to the impact of the business.
 So the business literally doesn't cost me anything.
 Are you guys getting this?
 This is making sense to you.
 So what I want you to start to do, and this is going to be something for those who have put in the time and effort
 who understand these core principles.
 But start looking in your market, start looking at your competitors,
 looking at other people and just realize right now that there are so many insanely good offers.
 When I first announced that we bought Dan Kennedy's company, I cannot tell you how many people with huge businesses
 came to me saying, "We've got mine, we've got mine."
 Many of them just saying, "Just take it over and pay me a monthly fee, pay me a royalty."
 I'd literally rather you have it.
 Okay, most of the people in your market, they aren't really business owners.
 They don't have teams that have these things.
 They're content creators.
 They created content.
 They have a list.
 They have ideas, but most of them don't want to run a business.
 They just want to do the content.
 You can come in really easily and structure.
 You're like, "Hey, I will run the business.
 You give me your business.
 You give me your customers.
 You do everything.
 I'm going to do this.
 You now are in charge of just this piece.
 You do the content.
 We'll pay you 20% royalty or whatever that is.
 And they will literally give you the business to have you take that piece over.
 Okay, so I just want you to start thinking strategically because right now there's a lot of them out there.
 And over the next 12 months, 36 months, there's going to be even more.
 And so now I just have to start looking at those opportunities and those deals and start finding them and start negotiating them
 and start contacting the people who have complementary products or even competitive products or people who are in issues you would like to get into.
 Look for those things and start seeking them out.
 So anyway, I can't talk more about it right now because we're in the middle of most of these deals.
 But I would love someday the future to go deeper into this.
 Maybe we'll do a course or a challenge or something kind of showing you guys.
 I know there's been a lot of people teaching some of this business stuff.
 And anyway, I just wanted to throw some of my ideas in this right now.
 We're kind of in the middle of it.
 And having some fun with it, right?
 Where literally we're able to pick up companies basically for free because we know the basic fundamentals of customerless, email marketing,
 offer creation, funnels, all the things you guys have been learning and studying and understanding.
 So I hope this helps get you guys excited and just helps open your eyes to what is actually possible.
 On top of that, keep your eyes open and you'll start seeing all the fun, exciting acquisitions and things we'll be doing over the next few weeks, months and years.
 And yeah, ride this wave over the next couple of years until we're out of this chaos in this recession.
 Because those guys who are prepared, this could be, you know, for some of you guys, the greatest, I mean, it's like buying real estate at pennies on the dollar right now,
 holding two or three years and watching explode.
 I have a neighbor who, when the last recession hit, he had cash and so he went and 2008, whenever else was selling and crashing,
 he went and bought a whole bunch of land out by where I live and he sat off for two or three years and then market turned,
 ever started building out here and he made hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars by having holding this land.
 And he was able to hold it for two or three years and then when people started building on it, boom.
 Yeah, insane amounts of money.
 That's the same opportunity I think that we're in right now is looking out there, buying or acquiring or controlling these,
 these businesses and assets that are struggling right now.
 Right now, the market's weird.
 App prices are jacked up.
 All sorts of weird things are happening.
 You know, there's, there's, it's just this uncertain time from so many different things, supply chain issues, all that kind of stuff.
 And just like understanding that, okay, that gives you the ability to walk in and get things for free or really close to free.
 And then learning these skills, that's understanding the stuff we've been learning and teaching you for the last, you know,
 however long and mastering so you can put it in place to get the business to pay for itself and then hold it for the next year,
 two years, three years to the market.
 It's changes and also now you're sitting with this ass of the fourth, you know, in the case of my friend with the land, hundreds of millions of dollars.
 In the cases of the businesses I'm acquiring, I think they will also be worth that much as well.
 So anyway, it's exciting.
 I just wanted to put that thought in your mind as you guys are.
 Yeah, as you're sitting around, brainstorming, thinking, plotting and scheming and all the things we do as entrepreneurs.
 So hope that helps. Thanks so much and we'll talk to you soon.
 [music]
 Thank you for listening to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook, Instagram,
 or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future.
 That'll help me to know what to create for you.
 Also, Dan Kennedy and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever, designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time.
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe.
 You can get this gift from Dan and from me right now at nobsletter.com.
 Not only you can get the $20,000 gift, you also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters that will be hand delivered by the moment,
 two-year mailbox each and every month, one from Dan Kennedy and one from me.
 Leave this gift and your subscription, go to nobsletter.com right now.
 (upbeat music)
