 Good morning.
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today, we're going to be sharing you guys another clip from the Marketing Secrets Live
 Show.
 If you're not on the Live Show, make sure you go to clubhousewithrustle.com and register
 that way.
 You can be on the Live Ones next time.
 But this episode, I talked about something that I struggle with back and forth in my
 head.
 I don't know if you guys do as well, but if you do, this will hopefully be a conversation
 will make it fun for you.
 I'm talking about charity.
 Like, obviously, we know that when we do charity, we shouldn't be flaunting.
 At the same time, when we do talk about charity, it inspires other people to do it.
 So what's the balance?
 What's the right?
 What's wrong?
 What should we do?
 What should we not be doing?
 Open up this conversation.
 I don't know the answers.
 I'm just going to share some of my thoughts.
 At the end of this episode, Myron Golden jumped on and dropped some of his thoughts, which
 were like pure gold.
 And so anyway, with that said, I hope you guys enjoyed this episode.
 We'll keep theme song and we'll be right back.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Okay, with that said, I'm going to jump into the thing that has been in my mind a lot lately.
 And this is something that I don't know the answer to.
 So I'm just going to kind of go down a path that and who knows where ends up, but hopefully
 you guys thinking.
 So what I want to talk about is charity and using charity in our business and our marketing
 and how these things all fit together.
 Because I have an internal dilemma with some of this sometimes on a couple of different
 sides.
 So I'll stay back.
 I remember and I tried to find the story last night.
 I looked at five or six books and I couldn't find it unfortunately.
 But the gist of the story was there was this man, right?
 And he was super charitable and he had a lot of money and did all the things.
 And he donated money to this thing and so they named a building after him.
 They donated money to this thing and so they named a thing after him.
 And they did all these different things, right?
 And he had been super charitable his whole life and he ended up dying, going up to heaven.
 And he sent it out to God and God's like, yeah, well, you did these things, but like,
 you know, you got your name on a building.
 You didn't do anything truly charitable.
 You were doing these things because you were trying to get something in return, right?
 And I remember reading that back and it's almost 20 years ago.
 I read that and I wish I could have found the actual story, but having that feeling of
 like, okay, like I'm going to do charity or give or whatever.
 I got to be, I got to be very careful about that, right?
 And then like last night when I was doing my research, I find the things I want to talk
 about, I actually found a really cool scripture that it's been in my head a lot.
 And I want to share this because this is going to get some context to what I want to
 just put out there in the world for you guys.
 And it's Matthew chapter six.
 It's the first couple of verses here.
 And in this is Jesus giving a sermon on the Mount and which you can't read the sermon on
 the Mount.
 Come on now, like probably the greatest presentation of all time, right?
 And this is the way you say, say, take heed that you do not, excuse me, take heed that
 you do not your alms before men did be seen of others.
 Otherwise you have no reward of your father, which is in heaven.
 Therefore, when thou doest thine alms do not sound of trumpet before thee as the hypocrites
 do in the synagogues and in the streets that they may have glory of men, very layest into
 you, they have their reward.
 But when thou does alms, let not thy left hand know what their right hand doeth.
 And so man, I hear that and I was like, oh, like this is scary because, you know, I think
 about the things we do inside of our business that are charitable, right?
 We village impact, we donated tons of money there.
 We built schools and gone to Kenya.
 We done those things.
 But then I come back and I share it like telling everybody about, right?
 We're operation underground railroad.
 We've raised millions of dollars.
 We've helped save children and it's like, and I have this like dilemma.
 I'm curious if you guys have had that dilemma in your head as well.
 Like, okay, I want to do good.
 Right?
 But if we talk about it, then, you know, the, the core right here, like, very layest into
 you, then you have your reward.
 Like if I talk about people like, oh, good job, you're doing these charitable things.
 Like that, like your reward is the praise of man, right?
 And so you have it there.
 But then same time, like if, if we don't talk about the things we're doing, then like
 nobody else does it.
 Like the fact that we did the, you know, with the operation of the gun road, or we did the
 documentary, we shared it funnel hacking libraries, the million dollars, year one, we did it again,
 year number two, we, we talked about these things.
 We showed the good that's happening.
 What happens is inspires other people.
 I watch it because we did the OUR document and raised a million dollars in funnel hacking
 live Orlando.
 After that, there were probably a dozen or so people in the ClickFunnels community who
 went and took, went with Tim Ballard, took him to his events or took him to their events.
 They showed the documentary and then they raised hundreds of thousands of dollars all
 their events.
 And then from there, it kind of just spiraled out and all of a sudden, like the message got
 bigger and more people shared it.
 And so for me, I have this, this internal conflict, right?
 Where it's just like, man, I want, I want the blessings of, of, of charity.
 But also like if I'm going out there and just, and being charity, because it's going to increase
 my conversion rates or get people's like me more, whatever, then I keep having this thing
 going through my head where Christ literally says like, very less into you.
 They have the reward.
 Like Russell, you have your reward.
 And so I have this, this conundrum.
 And so I wanted to bring up to you guys just to, for you to think it through it as well,
 right?
 And I'm going to tell you kind of how in my mind, I've come to settle it and I feel comfortable
 about it and just wanted to, to put this out there.
 Because I think a lot of you guys either do charity, you want to charity and you have this,
 same, the same apprehension.
 Like what do we do?
 What do we not do?
 Right?
 And I remember actually, man, when was it?
 Two or three months ago, I had a chance to go out to Tony Robbins.
 We did a little mastermind group for all the people who are top 10 in his, in his, the
 product launch they did.
 And so we had a chance to go in the, we're in this little, on his stage in a little room
 with everyone who was the top affiliate.
 So we just had a chance to ask Tony a question.
 And, and I'm not going to tell you my question was yet.
 We were doing a whole vlog about it.
 In fact, Fono Hacking Live will show you part of that vlog because what he shared with
 me and what we talked about was insane.
 And you guys are going to love it, but I can't ruin the surprise yet.
 So I can't tell you that.
 One thing he said during that, during this interaction, I can't remember who, whose question
 was or something, but he said he struggled with same thing as well.
 He's like, he's like, I didn't want to like publicly talk about the charity things I was
 doing.
 But he's like, but when I did, I found out other people got involved and other people got
 inspired and then it grew and did more things outside of just, just me.
 Right?
 So that was one thing that Tony talked about.
 And you look at Tony, he talks about charities, right?
 Like Tony is the number one donor for OUR as well as like a dozen other charities, right?
 He feeds billion people a year and like all these things.
 And he talks about those things.
 And I think I've struggled with that in the past too.
 Like, he's talking about these things like he shouldn't be doing that because like that's
 his reward is people thinking he's cool, right?
 And, and I have this, this conundrum.
 The other thing is interesting.
 I thought about this a lot when I, when I read Atlas Shrugged and some of you guys heard
 me and Josh Forty did like a four or five hour long podcast episode about Atlas Shrugged.
 If you haven't read that book, man, as a producer, as an entrepreneur, you should read it.
 It'll, it'll, it'll, it'll be inspiring for you.
 But it was talking about in that book, I can't remember where or what or maybe it was the
 thought I had, but talking about even like, you know, like when I go downtown Boise and
 I see people that are, that are homeless, they're sitting there, right?
 And we, and we give them money or buy them food or something.
 I'm still getting a reward at that, right?
 Like I, I give somebody money and I feel good about myself.
 I'm like, oh my gosh, like, like I got value from that person, right?
 Like even somebody who's begging when you, when you transact, you give them money, you
 give them food, you give them a home, you give them something like, like the feeling you
 get, you're still getting value out of that, right?
 So it's like no matter what you do, I feel like I'm getting a reward ahead of time.
 So there's the conundrum in my head.
 So I kind of set the stage for that.
 And I want to step back and just kind of tell you guys how in my mind I justify things.
 And I think about things and hopefully it'll help any of you guys who are struggling with
 this or have thought about this or now maybe you're going to start thinking about this.
 Okay.
 So for me, um, that there's, in my mind, there's different ways that, that we can all serve,
 right?
 In different ways that I serve, there are things like the two big charities that we support
 inside of ClickFunnels are Village Impact and it's, um, and Operation Underground Railroad.
 In fact, some of you guys, if you've been to Funnel Hack, like you heard me talk about
 this before, but we have a nonprofit called Liberate and Educate.
 And, um, and the reason why is because if you look at what we do as a company, like ClickFunnels,
 our mission, right, is literally to liberate and educate entrepreneurs.
 Like we liberate them by giving them software and tools and make them free, right?
 And then we educate them.
 So they have the education.
 They need to be able to do it, right?
 Dan, for example, insanely talented person and he was struggling, came back, read Doc
 Um Secrets.
 He got the education, right?
 They use ClickFunnels.
 He's liberating him to learn programming.
 We liberated, educated him, and boom, he's talked about like 25 million, four years later,
 right?
 We liberate and educate entrepreneurs.
 And so that's been kind of our mission from, from day number one.
 But then we came back and, you know, the first few Funnel Hackin lives, our focus was
 focusing on Village Impact, which is a charity that Stu McLaren and his wife started.
 Uh, and I've had a chance to go to Kenya three or four times.
 We build schools out there and, and that was always like a thing that we did.
 And then Funnel Hackin live Orlando's when we introduced Operation Underground Railroad.
 And I remember after, after FHL Orlando, which was about years, I think it was 2018 or something,
 we were in Kenya and I was sitting there, uh, hanging out with the kids.
 We were doing the, doing the service stuff and I was sitting there, um, and I was like,
 man, there's two amazing charities.
 Like how do we, like how do we tie these things into the ClickFunnels mission better?
 And literally as I'm sitting there, the, the phrase that entered my head was liberate
 and educate.
 And at first I was like, yeah, that's what we do for entrepreneurs.
 And I was like, oh my gosh, that's how these two things tie into our charity for, for ClickFunnels.
 We liberate children from sex slavery through Operation Underground Railroad.
 And then we educate children through Village Impact.
 And I was like, Liberate and Educate and like, oh my gosh, our social mission is the same
 as our public mission.
 Um, and so I became thinking and again, we created nonprofit and like, and this is our
 thing, right?
 But for me, I look at this Liberate, Educate this mission, right?
 Like, uh, we're trying to do these things and I, I try to make it as public as possible.
 Knowing full well that I don't believe that I'm going to get rewards in heaven or whatever.
 Like my reward from Liberate and Educate is that it, it, it brings our community together,
 right?
 People see the fact that, that we're giving and we're sharing and it gets other people
 to give and share and very public, we're very vocal and very big about that, right?
 And in my head, um, I, I fully believe that like, again, very late I say to you, they
 have the reward.
 Like I have my reward.
 My reward coming from that is I get to see the, the children.
 I get to see the impact.
 I get to see our community get involved.
 I get to see these things.
 And that's my reward, right?
 Like, and maybe somebody will be reward and having sweet like bonus points, but I'm not
 expecting anything from that at all, right?
 Because it's very public.
 And so for me, it's like, I'm able to look at the description and say, okay, I'm literally
 doing my alms before men and then being seen of others.
 I'm doing it because I want to inspire them and I want to have that, like, I want to have
 that impact.
 And so I'm looking at that as like, these are my charitable missions that like my reward
 is the benefit that the other people getting involved and I get that feeling and like,
 that's my reward, right?
 But because I like, I also like, I don't want to get to heaven someday and the Lord
 being like, Hey, this is the deal.
 Like you, your name's on a building here.
 You got this thing over here.
 Like, yeah, like you did good stuff, but you did it with it with an ulterior motive.
 Like I understand like I have ulterior motives in my charitable that everybody can see, right?
 And so for me, I'm like, I have to have charity in a way that people can't see otherwise,
 you know, and like, I don't know, for those who are Christian or believe in God or you
 whatever, like this is probably something that weighs on your mind, at least it does
 for me.
 And so, and if not, that's really cool.
 You should still worry about it too, because it's important whether you believe in it or
 not, but I'll leave that for another discussion for another day.
 But what I wanted to just kind of think about is like, there's things that we have to do
 privately as well.
 And so I'm not going to talk about those things, but I do things privately that I don't talk
 about.
 I don't share nobody ever sees because those are the things that I'm trying to do to be
 actual charitable.
 I almost look at these other things aren't really charity because I'm getting so much
 value out of them personally that it's not really a charitable contribution, right?
 I'm doing them because it feels good because I'm inspiring others because I'm saving children
 because these things are happening.
 And that's my reward.
 And I'm cool with that.
 And I think there's other things that we do that are private that no one hears me talk
 about.
 I'm not ever going to share.
 I'm not even going to give you a list of what those things could be because I don't
 want, and I want to make sure no one knows, but I want for all you guys listening to,
 to at least as you're, as you're thinking about this in your business and in your life,
 like, like I feel like it's okay to share things as long as you understand, like that's
 the purpose.
 That's the value you're getting in return is the fact you're able to share and you're
 able to do those things.
 And I would recommend having stuff private that you don't talk about, that you don't share
 that you keep to yourself because, you know, Jesus told us on the Sermon on the Mount,
 that that's what we should do.
 And so I believe that's very important as well.
 And so anyway, that was my, the podcast episode I wanted to share publicly today because it's
 better my mind.
 I've wanted to do a podcast about this for, man, probably five or six months.
 I keep thinking about it.
 And then yesterday they asked me if they, if I wanted a topic ideas for this podcast episode,
 I'm like, you know what, I'm going to just dive into it because it'll force me to actually
 do have a nervous to talk about it.
 But I think it's valuable and I think it's important, especially for anyone who's like
 me who's thinking about these things and trying to figure out like, man, how do I consolidate
 these things?
 How do I, how do I tie these things together?
 Because I want to give, I want to be chair to, I want to, I want to inspire other people
 to do as well.
 But I also don't want to be in heaven someday and he's like, hey, you had your reward.
 You're good to go.
 You know, I want, I want to be able to have both sides of the coin.
 And so that's kind of how I have, I don't know if rationalization is right word, but
 how I, in my mind, it makes sense to me and why, and why I'm going to be as loud as possible
 about our social mission, that I liberate and educate me because I'm getting my reward.
 It's okay.
 And, and I want those things to go, I want to inspire.
 I want to get you guys to be doing those things as well.
 The one thing Tony told me, in fact, if you watched the funnel hacking live sales video
 for, it's the after movie.
 So it was the Orlando, it was the Orlando funnel hacking live that we, that Tony told
 this to me, but then we showed it was the sales video for, for the first Nashville event.
 So if you go to funnel hacking live.com and scroll down, all the sales videos that we
 call them the, the, the after, the after movies are down there, like lower down the page because
 they're still going to want to be, you know, I want everyone to be able to see them.
 If you just go down and scroll to one, we see the footage from more, for more Orlando,
 but the end of the video, sales video ends and then it comes back and there's this little
 moment that Tony and I had behind stage.
 It was really, really cool.
 And Dan happened to capture.
 So it's the end of the sales video.
 And what Tony said, he's like, he's like, not only, he's like, not only a prodigy forgiving,
 because that's, that's, that's cool.
 He's like, but you're aspiring this entire group of people to become givers as well.
 He's like, that's what it's really all about.
 And so for me, the Liberty Education mission is all about inspiring you guys to be givers
 and to, to try to, to share your means, right?
 Like making money is awesome.
 Like sweet.
 We can buy houses and boats and cars and all these kinds of things, but you know, when
 I'll send them, like those things don't matter as much as like, what are we doing with that?
 Like the, what kind of like, how are we trying to change the world with it?
 I'm a big believer in that.
 Some people may not be, but I think it's, it's essential.
 And so anyway, that's my goal with Liberty Education, inspire you guys to be givers.
 And then this podcast episode is to help you understand, like it's okay to talk about
 those things, but man, I would recommend doing things privately as well because, yeah, because
 I, that day when, when we come to, you know, when our lives over, when we have that chance,
 I want to make sure that he doesn't say you had to reward.
 I want him to say, man, like that, I wasn't expecting that.
 And that'd be special for me.
 So that's the podcast episode.
 Hey Russell.
 Yeah, Byron, do you mind, do you mind if I, do you mind if I chime in on that just a smidge?
 I would love to.
 I think I can add, I think I can add a little bit of value to what you just said.
 I think, I think everything you said was phenomenal.
 But in the context and according to the meaning of the words, I think the word you were looking
 for was how do I reconcile these things?
 Yes.
 Right.
 So perfect.
 Yeah.
 And so the way you reconcile them is you have to know when you're studying Bible verse, you
 have to do keyword studies.
 And, and I know this isn't a Bible study, but when you understand that the keyword and
 that verse that you mentioned is that, that's the keyword that make sure that when you give
 your arms, you don't do it, that you may be seen of men.
 In other words, the motive that you have should not be, there's nothing wrong with people
 seeing you give.
 There's nothing wrong with you telling people that you're giving.
 If you're telling them to give that you gave and to inspire them to give as long as your
 primary motivation for the giving is not that people see you and think you're awesome.
 That's the, that's the actual interpretation of what it means when it's when Jesus said,
 don't give your arms that you may be seen of men.
 So I think what you've done with OUR is phenomenal.
 I've been, you know, I just, I think thousands of people have been contributing to OUR because
 of your example and because you put it out there, but your motivation wasn't that people
 would think you're cool.
 Right.
 So, so I think that's, I think that's the key to understanding and reconciling.
 How do I give and inspire people to give without making me the big deal?
 So that's all I wanted to share.
 Oh, it was amazing.
 Myron, you're the best.
 Thank you for sharing that.
 And yeah, that was amazing.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Okay.
 Now the phone number you need to text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back
 a message where you can add me to your phone and then we can start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free
 swag, giving me away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 Just want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
