 So, the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 What's up everybody, this is Russell and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Well, I'm in my car.
 This is the Flashback from podcast earlier.
 Anyway, I'm doing this right now because, well first off, I hung out with Justin Williams
 last week and yelled at me saying, "You used to podcast every single week and now that
 are like three to four times a week, but now you're out in your car.
 You're out doing very often."
 So, I was like, "Crap, it's right.
 Now, I'm driving me my haircut today because it's huge and I figured out how to mount
 this thing on my car so I can do it while driving.
 So, nobody yells at me.
 This is what actually happened.
 I had all bunch of you guys.
 I was doing the podcast with the camera.
 When I did marketing a car with just my phone, nobody ever yelled at me but they saw me on
 video.
 I got yelled at by everybody so I stopped doing it that way.
 But now let's mount it up.
 I can just drive and talk and I even pay attention to you guys.
 So, no yelling at me.
 All right, that's the deal.
 All right.
 So, that said, today's a cool day for a couple of reasons.
 Number one, it's my daughter's 10-year-old birthday which is insanely cool.
 And so, this morning, I'm actually flying out today so this morning I had a chance to
 go and actually take her out to breakfast.
 And so, her breakfast of choice was IHOP.
 And I was like, "Come on, we think you waffle me up, right?
 He's like really cool places."
 And she's like, "No, I'm on IHOP."
 And I was like, "Anyways, we're driving there.
 It's funny."
 I'm like, "Two kinds of people like IHOP, Ellie."
 She's like, "Well, who are they?"
 I'm like, "Grandma's and little kids."
 And I was like, "Watch when we get their Herman grandmas are there."
 So, we got in there and we counted and we were like, I don't know, like, 13 or 14 grandmas
 in there and then me and her.
 So, I was like, "That's it.
 Anyway, it's kind of funny."
 So, anyway, that was really fun.
 And then she did a birthday party so I went racing.
 We got her bike this morning and then we went to the birthday party.
 And then I'm actually having a haircut because I'm about to fly out to Utah because I had
 two cool things happen in Utah.
 Number one is the Herman Brothers are making our viral video and they actually started
 filming it today.
 And to be completely honest, it's kind of killing me.
 I wish I was there.
 I want to be watching it.
 I couldn't today.
 So, I'm flying down there tomorrow, catching behind the scenes footage and all that kind
 of stuff for our funnel hacker TV show.
 So, we find out and they're just going to be really cool.
 And the second cool thing is I'm actually going to meeting with Timothy Ballard, who
 is the dude who runs Operation Underground Railroad, which is, I guess this is a charity
 or an organization, I don't know exactly what it is, but they help save kids who have
 been abducted and put into sex slavery.
 And so, we're going to be helping build funnels and helping grow that home mission.
 So, I'm really, it's a passion project that I'm really excited for.
 So, that's what's happening on this trip.
 So, if you watch the funnel hacker TV, you'll see behind the scenes and that stuff.
 If not, go to funnel hacker.tv and go hang out with us over there too.
 There's a lot of fun stuff happening.
 So, all right, my message is all for you guys today.
 And this is something that I don't know why more people don't think about this, but
 it's important.
 So, we went to IHOP today.
 As you know, as you now know, and my daughter ordered the pancake with the fluffies and
 the sprinkles, there's sprinkles on it and bacon and egg, right?
 Her cost is like three bucks or something like that.
 And then I go and I ordered scrambled eggs, side of bacon, side of avocado, except it's
 in my macros for all you healthy nerds.
 And so, our bill was like 12 bucks, you know?
 And I look at the server and the server's running around.
 Like grabbing our stuff and hitting us and grabbing water and grabbing A1 because I
 opened A1 on eggs.
 If you haven't tried it yet, it's insanely good.
 I did it one time because I had bacon and eggs.
 Or excuse me, steak and eggs.
 I put A1 on the steak and some of it's spilling eggs.
 That way I was like, this is an egg topping not for steak.
 So, if you haven't had steak and or A1 on your eggs, just grab a little egg yet.
 You should totally try it.
 It's amazing.
 Anyway, I digress.
 So, um, what was I going to fizz-hol-thing?
 Oh yeah, so the server's running out of frantic.
 I get the bill at the end of it.
 And I look at it and it's like, what, 1243 or something.
 And I was like, alright, so as someone who tips, and I'm a good tip person, I didn't
 tip him that much.
 I left a lot more money than that.
 But if I was to say, okay, well 10% of that means you're in a buck, what, 25?
 Dollar 25 was what he made from me for all his efforts.
 Or if I do 15%, it's like, what, two bucks?
 Like 30%, like three?
 And so, that's what most people do, like, especially like the grandma's at the right
 hop.
 Like they have their little calculators out.
 They're figuring out, dude, okay.
 I owe them a dollar to 13.
 They give you exactly the tip.
 But if you're, you know, if you're a bad, they're going to give you 5%, if you're okay, you get
 10, if you're great, you get 15.
 But that's how it works.
 And I'm looking at this, and the server was a young dude, and I'm like, yeah, like, he's
 kill himself for this little thing, right?
 And I was just in the office before I headed to get my haircut, which now I'm sucking traffic,
 my haircut's in three minutes, and I missed it.
 I'm going to go crazy.
 Um, anyway, so, uh, I was just talking to them.
 I was like, look, if that dude, instead of getting a job at IHOP, where the average ticket
 is like 12 bucks, if you're doing the same work, but got a job at a steakhouse or sushi
 place where the average ticket's like 50 or 100 bucks, you do the exact same amount of
 work and you get way more money, right?
 Because it's just people tip off of a percentage.
 So if my bill is 12 bucks, you're getting a dollar 20, it's 10%, right?
 If it's 112 bucks, you're getting $10, whatever that is, or whatever that is, or that, right?
 By doing the exact same amount of effort.
 So the moral of the story is like, if you're serving tables, like go and sell more expensive
 stuff because you're getting paid a percentage of the, the, of the ticket price, right?
 So you got to sell the most expensive thing.
 That's why, um, as a Mormon, like when I go and I go to restaurants and they always, uh,
 they always try to sell you alcohol, right?
 Because alcohol is huge, huge profit margins, big ticket, and they get you to buy a lot
 more stuff.
 And so we never buy the alcohol.
 And so they, and those other Mormons are out there know that like, if you're a nice restaurant
 and you know, or alcohol, they don't treat you as good because they're like, ah, crap.
 So I always tell people when they ask me, they ask, you know, what do you want to drink?
 I'm like, oh, we don't drink, but don't worry.
 We tip really, really good.
 Because I want them to know, because I don't want them to be like, treat me like crap because
 I didn't drink because my ticket price is going to be smaller, right?
 Like good servers understand that.
 And so I, I warn them ahead of time, like I'm a really, really good tipper.
 Like I tip 30, 40, 50%, sometimes 100%.
 Like I'm a great tipper.
 As long as you treat me good, if you treat me bad, like, I'm still a good tipper, but
 like I'm a great tipper if you treat me good, right?
 And so, anyway, so, so kind of the, the thought is like for, if you're serving tables is like,
 you got to be selling the highest ticket thing.
 And if I was serving tables again, which only job I've ever had for real serving tables,
 I really, really liked it, right?
 But it's all about like that, like ticket price, right?
 So like if I was a server today, I would, I would have people order dessert at first,
 because most of the end of the, end of the million are hungry anymore, right?
 You're not hungry anymore, you're not going to buy dessert.
 And so then I might take a price, went down, so my tip just shrunk.
 So I'd be going ahead to time, like look, you know, a lot of people in the middle, they're,
 they're full or whatever, like I'm going to give you 10% discount if you order your
 dessert first.
 And I would do that because we'd increase my ticket price, right?
 Because everyone wants to go in, but when you're, when you're offered it, it's hard to
 eat it because you're typically so full, right?
 Number two, think about all of garden start doing this a little while ago, and it was
 brilliant.
 After you get an eating, they say, hey, what would you like to order for tomorrow?
 And they had a second meal, so you order a second meal to take home and eat the next
 day.
 Like now you just doubled your ticket price because you need to sell them two meals instead
 of one.
 Like if I was serving tables today, it's the first thing I would be doing is, or as offering
 dessert, then I'd take their meal, and then at the end of the meal, I'd be like, that
 was good, huh?
 How'd you like, I know you guys aren't going to come back tomorrow, but if you want, you
 can order off menu right now.
 I'll go package up and then you can have the tomorrow as well.
 And I don't know what percentage would take it, but I know there's a big percentage to
 take the second meal.
 And so now I just doubled my ticket price and the tip of me based on the ticket price,
 not on what I ate while I was sitting there.
 And so I'd be thinking like increase value, increase value, how can I increase my ticket,
 right?
 So that's the five serving tables again.
 Now obviously I'm not serving tables, I'm serving entrepreneurs and a lot of them, but
 guess what I'm thinking, the same thing.
 It's the same stuff, right?
 I know I get paid based on a percentage of what our growth is.
 Like as the entrepreneur and the company, the way that I make my money, I do have a salary
 because I think you legally have to do that.
 I don't know how that works, so you can do all the W2s and all that techy nerdy, tech
 stuff.
 But then the rest of my payment comes from a percentage of profit share, right?
 So the more profit, the more I get to share.
 So I'm always thinking like, well, how can I increase my profit share?
 How can I decrease costs?
 How can I increase the ticket values?
 How can I sell more expensive stuff?
 How can I sell more things?
 And that's what my mindset is because I know that I get paid a percentage of what I get
 people to consume.
 So I need to get people to consume, right?
 Same way you do if you're a restaurant.
 And what's interesting is a lot of times, speaking to you right now, probably, most of
 us we undervalue what we do, right?
 We try to be like the discount leader because that's what we're used to doing.
 And so like a lot of times like we put our own pricing values on other people.
 So like, oh, I'm going to pay $1,000 for this.
 You don't sell for $1,000.
 It's like, no, you aren't just going to be like, that's worth that to somebody else.
 Like, don't try to discount your prices.
 And so a lot of times that's what we do is we try to discount our prices, which I like
 lower ticket.
 And so like we're trying to like go back to iHop and sell even though we know that the
 money that we make as entrepreneurs is based on the ticket price, right?
 So the big, the ticket price, the bigger, bigger money you make.
 I've said this before, I'll say to get a debt candidate once told me that he said, he said
 that there's no strategic advantage of being the second, the second lowest price leader
 in your market, right?
 So if you can't be Walmart, there's no strategic advantage of being like, hey, Walmart's
 the cheapest, we're number two, we're the second cheapest.
 Because then you're like, look, in India, there's no strategic advantage whatsoever.
 But there is a huge strategic advantage of being like, I am the most expensive guy in
 the market.
 Okay, so if you can't be the lowest, then be the most.
 Don't be the dudes in the middle because there's no like, it just doesn't work that way.
 So I want you to think about that, okay?
 Because you're an entrepreneur, you're just like a server.
 You're serving customers, you're serving audiences and you get paid based on the ticket
 price of what people are spending.
 That's why the funnel is important.
 Okay, if I just sold people my free book and that was it, I guess what I would be right
 now, I'd be broke.
 Okay, I did a Facebook live yesterday showing the three funnels we had inside of our book
 launch.
 Now, when all of a sudden, I'm going to book launch is over, we did over $3 million in
 collected revenue.
 Now obviously it wasn't NEP that was collected gross.
 Well, it's funny because I look at all these people who do this big huge product launches,
 like two, three, $5,000 product launches and most of them are happy to make a million to
 $3 million.
 And I'm like, we did the same thing and we were giving away a free book.
 Okay, how?
 It's because I'm just like the server, right?
 Like I offered to tie off for dessert first and I had upsells, I offered them a second
 meal.
 I did all these kind of things because I'm trying to increase the ticket price because
 that's how I get fed as an entrepreneur.
 Plus gives me the ability to serve that audience better.
 Okay, the waiter that brings you, lets you order to dessert ahead of time.
 So you still get it.
 The server lets you order food and take it home.
 He's serving you with a higher level.
 That's why he gets paid more.
 He knows how to increase the ticket price.
 He's able to first off make the restaurant more revenue, but second off, he gives you
 a better experience.
 You got to have great meal twice.
 Your wife doesn't cook tomorrow or whatever that might be or maybe it's you cooking, whatever.
 But it all comes down to that.
 So anyway, that's the moral of today's story.
 I hope that helps some of you guys, or some of you guys are like all freaking out, trying
 to be the cheapest possible person and it doesn't always work that way.
 Obviously you got to look at what the market will bear, but it, like I said, is way better.
 Typically, it can be the most expensive than the cheapest.
 So there you go.
 All right, I'm here.
 I'm here.
 I'm here.
 I'm in my hair, can I'm only four minutes late.
 Hopefully she can't see my appointment because I got to get rid of the same afraid of jumping
 on the plane.
 I'm going to be super embarrassed.
 So thanks everybody for listening.
 If you would like to see the video version of this, go to marketingsecrets.com and you
 can watch the videos there.
 Or if you're watching the video version, go over to iTunes, subscribe to the podcast,
 and you can get like 360 or 70 episodes now.
 So come hang out with us there.
 A lot of fun stuff happening, a lot of things you missed.
 I want to make sure you get it.
 So that said, thanks everybody and we'll talk to you soon.
 Bye.
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets and you can get a free copy at expertsecrets.com.
 And book number two is called .comsecrets and you can get your free copy at .comsecrets.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest
 growing non-VC backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 (upbeat music)
