 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson I want to welcome you to a very special episode of the marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody
 Today was Thanksgiving and I literally it's 10 to 10 I just shot just dropped my twin boys off at my brother's house
 And what's crazy is when I'm done recording this podcast
 I will then email to my brother
 He will edit it and somehow magically get on iTunes and then his wife Rochelle will then take it and transcribe it and put the
 Transcents are there for you as well and she posted transcripts on marketing secrets calm
 And they do that every single episode for you guys and so I'm grateful for them on this amazing Thanksgiving
 And
 Yeah, so I thought I would just share that she has no other process works people always ask me
 How do you podcast and the answers? I don't know I literally my phone at I click record and I started sharing what's on my mind
 and so I have some on my mind today and
 Actually have so many things and you part of me want to do the episode right just like wrote down everything
 I'm thankful for and I just haven't done that yet because there's a lot of things and I was gonna go over with you guys
 Maybe I'll still do that. I don't know and I had other things I want to talk about and
 But there's one message that just came pretty loud today and I thought that it would be it would be fun to share with you guys
 so
 And the reason why I kind of came to my mind was I was taking my kids back to the hotel
 We're in Utah now my parents live here
 And so we're thanksgiving with my parents now we're staying like in hotel close to the house and
 We had all the kids over the hotel swimming and having you know fun
 And I was driving them back drive some of my kids my parents house someone to my brother's house is dropping kids off
 at you know cousins houses everywhere and
 I was driving my one of my cousins and she's a gymnast. She's an amazing gymnast and it was interesting because
 she worked at she worked out at a gym for most of her old career and then
 She kind of hit a sticking point where she wasn't getting you know
 further than she wanted to get and she couldn't get past that sticking point and
 Some of her friends had gone to this other gym and they had some really good coaching
 a really good coaching staff there and so
 And the coaches there helped get past these plateaus and really helped and if she went back to her coach
 I was like hey
 I want to go to another gym to get you know help me get past these plateaus so I can continue to progress
 It was crazy and this is where the lessons can come from for all of you guys
 But what's crazy is the coach instead of being like yeah, I care about you as an athlete you should the coach
 To that person was like start yelling and screaming and I kicked her out kicked her little sister out
 Never one out of the gym because she wanted to get help from other coaches. It's crazy to me
 and
 something
 And then sorry the moral the good part of the story is she's gone to the gym and and all of her numbers and all her things
 have gone up because this new coaching staff's able to help her and
 It's funny the other day on
 On Facebook somebody posted something and they tagged me on it. They were talking about like who your favorite marketers and some said sorry Russell
 Unfortunately my favorite marketer now Stephen Larson and they tagged me as if it was like
 To apologize to me and I thought it was so funny and I remember I messaged back to that person
 I was like look my like my only goal in this whole game is to get my
 My clients my students my people whatever you want to call them a result like that's it
 And I don't care how you get the result right like I think there's a lot of times when we get stuck in the ego of ourselves
 And we're like so worried about like they must have success through my program or through the way that I do things
 It's like no no if you actually care about your student
 You actually care about their will be like if you actually like want them to succeed
 You're not gonna sit back and like and want them to only like go through your path
 And I post I was like I was like that's amazing like I don't care if you get it through me or through Stephen
 Like Stephen's amazing human like he's got gifts. He's got talents
 He's got abilities that I don't have and if you can get the result you're looking through him
 Like that like I'm more pumped than you are like I I honestly just want to serve at this point in my life
 Like I don't care and if someone else can serve better than me to a certain person or certain audience like that's amazing
 Let them please serve
 That's why I bring amazing people the fun I can lie people can out teach me in certain topics because if I just want people
 To get the result that's all that matters to me, right? I think that's how good coaches should be
 I remember growing up. I had a really really really good high school coach
 He was Steve Odern and I'm super grateful to stay for him for a couple reasons one. He was amazing coach
 But number two he was never
 He never cared if I went and got coaching from other places
 Like during the off scene
 I did freestyle at a freestyle club and I had coaches there and then I did
 Greco places that went to other high schools and other places and he was always okay because he didn't he wasn't tied into his ego of
 I must be Russell's coach. I must be the only person to steal his knowledge in his head
 He was like no Russell wants to be the best
 And so I'm gonna allow him to be the best and he allowed me to go out there and be coached by tons of other people and for that
 It's nothing else outside the fact he wasn't amazing coach as well
 But his willingness to do that is rare like there's so we have so much ego tied in this this thing of us
 it's gotta be us it's gotta be us and
 And I just wanted to share that because I see that happening a lot in the coaching world
 Right, we're all coaching people in different aspects of their life
 We're helping with health or weight loss or fitness or finances or whatever it is you do right all of different products or services
 But sometimes we get too caught up in in that in that piece of it
 That you want to be the one that's distilling all information and knowledge to your person and I think that that's a tragedy
 because none of us are
 Amazing at everything right?
 It's it's interesting. We had a Bart Miller who's a close friend and he's a guy who makes me look good at all of our events
 gets me all dressed and I
 Pay much of my take me shopping to look to look you know not in my t-shirt and jeans like I would showed my events and
 Kim Bart is got a successful e-commerce business as well. He's in my inner circle
 He pays me to be my inner circle and stuff by that and and
 He asked me he's like hey
 I'm thinking about getting some help with the e-commerce sent my business
 What do you think I should do and I was like oh if I was your hire as your as your fire stone?
 He's like really? Oh my god. Totally. He's like well
 Okay, so we call things like well king introduced me to Ezra
 I'm like heck yeah
 My answer is the man so I introduce him to Ezra bar bar as your you guys should work together
 I want 10% of everything making the future just kidding go to your thing have some fun
 ever get you know everyone blow up their businesses and so they went off that thing and I and Bart told me later you said that
 Ezra was so confused like I don't know why Russell told you to sign up for my coaching like you're his student and
 You know, why would he why would he recommend me and stuff like that? It's like cuz for me. I don't care
 I don't care if people get results like I just want people to get results. I've seen I've had people close to me inside my business
 Who were like you know cuz if you look at the two comic club ex coaching program, I brought in a lot of coaches this year
 I brought in
 Julie story and I brought in
 Alex Sharf and Steven Larson like all these amazing coaches John Parks James for like people who are legitimately amazing what they do and
 It's funny because a lot of people have come the program and they've gone through it
 And I know a lot of people have signed up for Alex Sharf and time coaching after my program, right?
 That's they've gone through a lot of our stuff
 They've gone through Alex's stuff. They're induced him through my program the device a flater and
 I have people who like, you know, Alex is just taking people from your program and signing up
 I'm not like freaking out and I'm and I stop him like look look look
 I
 Don't care how they get the result
 I just want them to get the result if they get that through us
 That is a huge honor and I'm grateful and I'm glad that we could be a little piece of their journey
 But like if Alex can serve them at this level of their business or this piece of the business different than I can like
 Like why not? I don't have one coach. I have tons of coaches, right?
 It's funny because I've heard people who I've got coaching with before tell other people that like Russell Brunson learned everything that he learned for me
 And I smile because I learned a lot from them and I'm grateful for them
 And I don't usually say stuff but I'm like now I have tons of coaches
 And it's like every coach has got something they're amazing at right like I have some gifts and abilities there's things
 I can do inside of a business. They're really really good and I think
 You know and I'm proud of what I can do and that's a piece
 I'm really really good at but there's other pieces of the business that I'm not good at and I don't want to be good at
 I don't even want to like people ask those questions like you should hire someone who focuses on that
 They've I pay you to coach me
 I'm like you pay me to coach you on this piece
 I'm the man at but someone else is the man at that piece or someone else is the woman at that piece
 and you just find the right people the coach you mentioned you're along the way and
 Anyway, the reason why I'm on this whole rant is kind of just want to share with you guys is
 Don't think that your client is your client, right?
 That's the biggest problem we have and then we get this scarcity mindset like all my person and like if they're
 Anybody else's books or listening to you like they're like they're gonna leave me
 It's like don't like if they leave you that's okay
 Like your job is not to like protect them your job is to give them your piece the thing that you're good at give them that piece
 Right it's people come to me
 I give them peace and I'm really good at I plug that thing in and I keep trying to like
 Develop my piece and get better at it and share more of it and like and I want to keep developing myself as a human
 But I am not offended when something goes and gets coaching for somebody else
 In fact, I'm grateful for because the nose that that piece is gonna get them closer and closer there and result
 So we stop thinking of your customers your customer
 Rise it this this is a human who's in them who's in the market that I'm in and they're trying to get a result
 And I feel like my thing is the best
 I'm gonna serve them the highest level I can but sometimes serving them the highest level possible
 It's to allow them to get coaching from different people at the same time, right?
 I look at my amazing cousin. I guess she's my niece. I
 Look at her. She's an amazing gymnast that that coach and I'm like, yeah, like you should get some coach
 Just helping that coach and this coach like instead of like destroying this relationship with her and with their family
 Instead it could have been this amazing thing where he opens up the door to say well
 I know this person this person like here's my role that so here's other people you could bring into your world
 They could help you in this piece and this piece and this piece and they could all grow them together and then guess what's fascinating
 This is the coolest thing that original coach the coach that opened up the doors and allowed her to go other places
 Would have been the one that got all the credit
 Okay, that's what's interesting to me. I look a lot of people
 I've helped me in business and they go off to other coaches and get other pieces in other places, but I
 Like and I'm so grateful for this most of them they come back and they give me credit, right?
 They rustle helped me to grow my business
 It's like Russell gave me this piece but I got this piece from this coach and this piece from this coach
 But because I was the one who like who like helped them and serve them selflessly and allowed them to go and learn for the people
 For whatever reason the credit still comes back to you
 So you it's crazy because like that coach my my niece's coach wants the significance
 Right so because they try to hold this in keep the significance and because that he lost his significance
 Whereas like when you open it up and you allow you try to serve people your best and don't be offended
 If they come where they go and just do your thing
 That's when you get the significance you're actually seeking for it's been funny. Yeah, Dave Woodward and I have had this conversation
 four or five times
 In the last like two or three weeks it's kind of crazy actually about this fascination of like
 These people I know who at one time in their life were very significant, right?
 They had the significance from what they do and then as time has gone by they become less relevant and they lost their significance
 And so they try and they fight and they clean trying to get significance
 And they do it in the in this way where they feel like they're gonna be feel more significant because of this and like all these things
 They're trying to do in the reality is the more they do it the more distances themselves from people and the more they lose their
 significance and look at me there's a time in my career where I was very significant driven as well
 I was like seeking after and trying to get the recognition
 I want to be on stage or on people cheering my name and all this kind of stuff
 I was fighting for it tooth and nail and it was hard to get and
 And I got some of it which is why I kept you know that you get that and that fuel that drives you on for a while
 But I remember a couple years into this business. I got like I got over it
 I was like I was like that's not as cool as I thought I was gonna be right and so I was like
 You know, I'm not gonna worry about significance anymore
 And I remember it was like a mental shift me. I was like, I'm gonna start thinking about me and start thinking about my customer
 Right and for me. I was like when I started really transitioning from from like how do I serve Russell's ego to how do I serve my customer?
 And it was this weird shift and and I stopped seeking for significance
 Right, I started seeking as a servant. How can I serve? How can I impact? How can I how can I contribute to other people?
 And that's where my shift became and then the most fascinating thing happened when I made that shift mentally
 I get more significance now that I can handle like today was Thanksgiving. I probably
 conservatively would say
 between email text
 voxer
 Instagram Facebook
 There's the platforms. I see directly on my phone between those channels. I say conservative today
 There's well over a hundred and something people
 thanking me for what I do so many I can't even respond I feel guilty. I can't even respond back to all of them
 I would have missed my whole family on Thanksgiving and
 And then like I open Facebook and like I can't open Facebook. I've seen like 10 people talking about
 Quick funnels about what we're doing and then and like just these things like I can I go to events and
 And I get asked because of huge events now like all this craziness that I'm not seeking for but it comes to me now
 Like when I stopped seeking significance. I got more significance. I can even handle
 Like so much like I just want to hide sometimes
 I don't know how to get rid of it because it's just like it keeps coming
 But I can't stop serving because I like I got addicted to that
 And I just want to tell these people who are seeking after significance that when you stop seeking significance
 You start serving you'll get more significance than you ever dream of and it doesn't seem right. It seems backwards
 Doesn't make any logical sense, but it's happened for me and the people in my herd in my tribe in my
 In my influence
 I'm able to to communicate with who listens that and they believe it and they shift they find the same thing and it's fascinating
 Okay, most entrepreneurs and so if you're in the spot don't don't feel bad most of us get in this business because we want significance
 Right, we got a chip on our shoulder somebody said something bad about someone didn't believe in us
 You know we were the dumb kid in school like there was all these reasons
 And so we get in this business because we got a chip on our shoulder and want significance
 And then we start fighting for me start fighting for it initially
 It's okay. It's what gives us that initial drive and motivation that we need to get off our butts and like change something right
 But the problem is that some people get the hit of significance and they keep in the and they keep going after like a drug
 And go from next hit the next hit the next hit and next hit and um and it's it's it's it's I don't know
 It's it's weird. Um, but you can't like it's it's hard to get that direction
 You get a little hits of it, but it goes away hit and it goes away hit and it goes away. It's almost like it's fake. It's like
 It's like a hollow significance. I don't know but when you make that shift
 To service contribution the significance will come
 More than you get a randal. Um, it's almost like it's it's tough now sometimes
 Um, I love it. I like I'm not gonna lie it feels amazing
 Um, but it's just it's interesting. So for you if you're listening to this
 Um, look at the spectrum like are you seeking significance? So don't feel bad. It's okay. It's how all this got here
 Um, but the fastest way to get significance is not actually seeking after it. It's not by positioning and posturing yourself
 It's not by all those things. It's by
 finding your people and serving and sometimes serving means letting them go sometimes it means helping find other coaches. That means being okay
 if
 You know somebody else helps them with something that you know like like
 What is best for the person you're serving? That's to be the thought in your head constantly
 What is the best this person i'm trying to serve? What is the best for them? Not what's the best for you?
 What's the best for them?
 Okay, and if you think about that it'll change everything. So anyway, I hope that helps
 um
 Anyway, I'm back for hotel. I'm now going to finish this podcast when I finish it. I'll do all of them
 I'm gonna say the title. I'll end it and I'll um email it to my brother and in like a week or two to be live on
 on um on iTunes and I said his beautiful wife will transcribe and she'll post it on marketing secrets the podcast or the blog
 marketingseers.com and that's kind of this whole podcast and thing works. So it's a lot of fun
 Hope you guys enjoyed tonight. I hope you guys had a great Thanksgiving no matter where you're at around the world
 um and just remember that shifting from
 from significance to
 um contribution will will change your life and it'll change the life so the people you have the
 the um the opportunity to serve. So
 All right, with that said appreciate you all
 Um, I'm getting messages from my wife and my brother and my sister asking where I'm at so I better go in
 See what's up. Um, with my ideas all soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
