 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson and welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today
 This is gonna be kind of a continuation of last episode. I did a little bit of rant
 Today I want to talk about how to be coached
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so I know that when I stepped into this role of
 marketing
 Nerd
 Chief marketing nerd at ClickFunnels the person who is coaching other entrepreneurs and how to market I forget sometimes it like I
 Grew up being coached a lot like in wrestling and other sports and then some aspects of my life when I got into this business
 Start hiring coaches. I hired
 Relationship coaches for a Clinton I hired business coaches. I hired personality coaches
 Perversion the velvet coach like I just I'm a little obsessive compulsive when it comes to hiring coaches
 Because I've seen the value of having a coach and I forgot about
 The the pattern that most people go through and I'm sure went through as well
 but
 What happens is and again because I think we come in this world sometimes and I try coach people and it's interesting because
 They've never been coached before and so or or not to the level
 where they like they they thrive off it and like and
 Obsessed about it and like and desire it right I
 You know
 Most of the the people that I know that are really really successful
 Have coaches and they love it and they thrive off of like the feedback and they like they get some feedback and they're like yes
 And they just run with it because they're so excited that you know
 I paid for this feedback. I got up in this person. I trust and I just I run with it
 I think a lot of times people that haven't been obsessed about it or they haven't been in that you know
 super high-level coaching before I'm the kind of go through a pattern and
 And so I'm gonna talk about that pattern because I think a lot of people get this and I saw it sort of last couple days
 From the the podcast that I did put out
 And first off like I just want to say with any any podcasts I'm putting out I
 The only reason why I I publish something is because I know that it's not one person struggling with it
 Because there's a lot of people struggling if it was one person that wouldn't I wouldn't publish a whole episode about it
 When there's when it's a pattern that a lot of people struggling that's gonna make it up so come like I
 Don't want to just serve one person on a server thousand or five thousand or ten thousand
 I'm really I can I can reach with my voice and so you know the lesson from the last podcast episode about
 Extreme ownership and about publishing and being consistent like it wasn't advice for one person
 I was advised for thousands of people who are struggling so I'm kind of put that out there number two is ending with this like
 This is specifically because I saw the reaction from one person
 But this is this is coaching for everybody otherwise I wouldn't put it out there right?
 I wouldn't waste my time or your time or anybody's time, but
 Anyway, so what typically happens when somebody is is newer to being coach or whatever is the first thing like a coach says
 Hey, you need to change this first. There's denial and there's like that grief
 It is like grief suffering right of whatever there's like the different the different love layers of what happens right like first first you
 First you grieve and then you then you're angry and then you like there's this whole process right?
 It's kind of the same thing with coaching and those is like
 I first are working on entrepreneurs or somebody and I'm like, okay, this is what you got to do
 And I give like like like harsh feedback like like it's not working right. This is how to how to change the very first thing
 Typically is like people get their feelings hurt and it's like oh like like you're attacking me
 I'm like no, no, no, you know something like you hired me to your coach like this is like literally you paid me to do this thing for you
 Like there's nothing personal here like I got it. There's no personality
 It's just like you paid me to look at you find the flaws and try to fix them
 And so I'm doing that and the first the first phase of
 Someone who's new to the coaching is that just like oh my gosh like you're attacking like no no no
 I'm not attacking you paid me for this like like you asked me to to look at your your problems and to fix them and so
 and
 And that's the first phase and I think a lot people go through that where there's like oh my gosh
 You kind of personally attacked me in fact my guess is for any of you guys who listen to this podcast or any of mine where I say
 something that kind of
 They kind of irks you where you're just like oh like you get angry or frustrated or whatever
 That's why right it's because you're out of alignment with what you're supposed to be doing and when I you hear it
 It's like oh like I've said that before another episode like like if you're upset by this episode is probably for you
 Right like because that's the first the first phase and they just kind of like that that right?
 And so that's the first phase then the second phase then people come back and they start trying to rationalize what they did like no
 No, no like what I kind of did it
 I'm doing this and like and they come back to this rationalization of like of
 You know like I'm doing it
 Just it's not it's not working or whatever right and they come back to that trying to like again take the blame off of them
 Which comes back to the whole extreme ownership thing I talked about in the last podcast
 I'm so it's like they try to take the blame off themselves because it doesn't feel good right doesn't feel good
 Someone's coaching you and telling you and pointing out like you did this wrong. This is the step
 This is where you need to tweak and we need to change and so they try to take ownership off themselves and come back
 And they go well no, I did that it's just there's some other external thing besides me that's causing this problem
 right and that's the second phase of this of people being coach and
 Then from there it usually splits off in one or two directions one direction
 Is the people end up saying screw you coach and then they just walk away and that's where the relationship ends or the second side
 Is they they humble themselves and like oh my gosh. I did pay you for this advice
 I am you are my coach. I do trust you therefore I will succumb to your you know your your ideas and do what you said
 And that's kind of the the other tier and so that's kind of the the process
 I see people as they go through coaching is like number one is there
 It's like embarrassing for them to take a personal number two then they get defensive and like no like I am doing it kind of just not right
 But I you know I'm doing my best, you know
 And number three is one of two directions one is screw you coach
 I hope you die or or to like succumbing to the advice saying you know what I did pay for this
 You're probably right. Let me just go and do it
 And that's when they take
 Extreme ownership and actually do the thing and so that's kind of the path and I forget because you know right now
 I'm coaching my boys wrestling team
 I see right now with the kids where they come out there and they do a move and I'm like ah you did it wrong and they're like like
 Like coach why did you know like you told me I did it wrong for everybody
 I'm like yeah because I'm not trying to just teach you and try to teach everybody the team because you weren't the only person
 They're wrong. I just swatted you and I pointed it out. I'm showing it so the entire team can learn this this process together
 Right, that's the first thing then they come back and then the second phase and the kid is like no
 I did you coach. Look I did right here. Here's the move. I did it
 I'm like it technically you did it, but you did it wrong
 That's why I'm pointing this out like your elbow was in the wrong position your feet your foot workers like you did the move
 You just did it wrong. You didn't pay attention
 That's why we're breaking it down and then the third phase is like screw you coach
 I'm gonna do it this way because that's the way I did or okay coach
 So how did that work like like like break walk me through it again?
 Then so my elbow was up my my feet were in the wrong position right and that person's coachable
 That's the person takes extreme ownership and they're coachable and I can help them
 They become better wrestler right and something's true in business like the same the same process
 And so as I as I posted up to last a couple days ago. I saw the pattern right it came back and said, you know
 Feelings were hurt then defensive and then now that person who's listening is probably this crossroads is like screw you Russell
 I hope you die or oh my gosh
 I'm gonna take extreme ownership and figure out how to listen with 100% accurate
 And you know, it's up to that person decide what they want to do and it's up to you honestly
 Like I said the more you get coached and the more you're open to it and the more willing you are the faster you skip to other phases
 Like I'm a spot now when I hire something to coach me like I want that pain like I'd paying for this pain like so
 I'm not gonna I can get defensive. I'm not gonna try to show like oh, yeah, I cut you know
 I did do that like I'm just gonna stop shut up and listen and be like okay
 How can I be coached like what did I do wrong this person obviously knows something different?
 There's they're looking at from outside perspective. They care about me. I put there. I put my trust in them
 Therefore, I'm going to trust them and I'm gonna listen
 And so for you the faster you can get to that point
 And skip the other ones the faster you're gonna be successful. It's coming back and saying look this is not personal
 So I'm not gonna get defensive about it, right?
 I'm not gonna try to justify how I kind of did it instead. I'm gonna listen back. You know what?
 I'm paying for this person this person's gone down this path. Maybe from this outside perspective
 There's something differently than I am because I'm so close to it and then
 You know obviously not saying screw you I'm just gonna walk away, but saying okay
 I'm gonna listen with exactness
 I'm gonna cut everything else I'm doing and just focus on the words you said and not take a personal time and say I'm gonna
 Do this and do it perfectly just like you said?
 Okay, when I got better and better wrestling with my dad and I would go seek out coaches would drive all around the state of Utah
 To where we found out they're good coaches. Hey, there's a good coach up in this city or this area
 We would drive there and I would wrestle with the coach
 And they would watch me
 I showed him filming me and stuff like that and then they would just rip me apart and I remember at first it was hard
 I'm like, oh like no, no, no, no, I
 Eventually I was like I'm paying like what we came this way to learn from this dude
 I'm just gonna shut up and listen and I'm gonna take every word of advice and we're gonna go back and we're gonna practice it
 You know if I don't agree with it necessarily doesn't mean I'm right
 Right, you know if I disagree something I can disagree something be completely wrong and I'm paying for this person for their advice
 Therefore I will listen to it. I'll be grateful for it. I'm just gonna do it and
 I remember man. I remember it was
 Probably junior year in high school, which was the year where my state my state title and remember my my coach
 It was great Williams. He's my freestyle Greco coach at the time
 He's now the coach at UVU
 But anyway, I remember him I came off a match and and I won
 But I didn't wrestle I mean
 I thought it was so great because I want so you know my head's like on the greatest personal world
 He pulled me side. He said Russell you suck at level-changing
 I'm like what he means like you need to do this and kind of showed me this thing
 I was like okay
 And so again, I didn't take a person like okay
 I'm gonna try that some next match one out there and
 He told me these level-changing so I started doing level-changing and I did it
 I beat the next guy and I came off and I was still in my great looking me
 He said you know why he's like he's like you are not the best athlete on this team
 It's like what screw you coach? It's like everybody's like no you're not the best athlete on teams like but you know what
 You've got that that most of the other people don't
 And I'm like no what he's like you're coachable. I tell you to do something and then you do it
 That's it
 That's the big secret you guys. That's why for the last
 You know decade and a half
 I've been in this business and the prior decade that I was in I was an athlete
 I
 Sought out coaching and when the coaches said something I shut up and I listened and did they said I put my own ego aside
 I put away everything else and if I wasn't successful again
 I was me taking extreme ownership like okay, I lost or I'd I'd won but I didn't do as well as I wanted to
 It says my fault. What does the coach have to say and I listen and I would do it
 Okay, like that's the big that's the big secret the people that struggle are the ones who they seek for coaching
 they get it and they go through these phases of like
 Defensiveness and embarrass like all the coach called me out for everybody like no like
 You're paying the person to do that like what an honor like how lucky are you that of all the people that?
 They could have been there like you were the one that got the drag coaching
 You're the one that got the customized personalized coaching like in a wrestling room when there's 50 year
 You know 100 athletes the room the coach calls you out and stops everybody show
 You know how it calls you and like okay look at Brunson shot. What are you wrong? What's the reason like where's this?
 You know like yeah, it can be embarrassing, but it's like same time like oh my gosh like I got personal attention from this person
 I figure exactly everyone else is learning in generalities. I'm learning specifically like this was the mistake
 I made and how here's how to fix it in the angles. I need to shift it to make it and so
 Anyway, I just want to put this out there for all of you guys because you're all here
 Like if you listen to this podcast or if you're just following me any aspect you're getting coached by me right?
 Directly or indirectly and as you hear things there are gonna be some things that cut a little bit there like oh that that sucks
 But again if if it hurts means I'm probably speaking directly to you like that's that's um
 That's that's the number one number two the faster you can get to just saying you know what I'm gonna go and do that thing
 Begin faster the the more coachable you can become
 Which my definition of coach ability is just is getting past those first two or three tiers and just listening and
 With the exactness doing what the coach says
 That's when you have success. That's when I went from being an okay wrestler to being a state champ to being all American to these things
 Right business was the same thing
 When I had my pride on the line I was I was seeking for coaching in my business people telling me it's like oh no
 I'm not do this way and I do this way like I always have like my own way to do things
 But when I shut up and start listening and said you know what maybe this person knows more maybe they care about me
 Maybe they're maybe I'm paying them to my coach and they just do it the exact way that they said that's what I'm having success
 And so especially as you haven't been through intense coaching, you know through athletics or other things and you're not used to that like become coachable
 Get through get get past the ego. That's gonna be painful get past the defensiveness get past the screw you
 I hope you die coach and get as quick as possible to like okay. This is a learning lesson this person cares about me
 They're doing this because they want me to be successful. What can I get from them?
 I mean let me all these other feelings that are getting away from my success
 Let me get rid of these feelings and folks on the message at hand. What do they say?
 How can I do it coach tells me any level change? All I do is I level change the next match?
 That's it and then what did my coach say and Russell?
 You're so coachable because I just listen and I would do they say so that's that's the lesson I
 Hope this is for I hope everybody who who needs this right now is listening
 I hope this is good in any aspect of your life and the other thing I'd say on top of that is like seek out coaching
 Right like klett and I hired Stacy and Paul Martina
 We went to their relationship event why we have an amazing marriage, but we wanted better
 So we saw coaching and we're going out there and I went together and then cluck went last week by herself for three days
 You know for more like and like we're seeking after coaching still in every aspect of life even the aspects were doing good
 because
 Good is the enemy to great right so
 Anyway, I hope that helps. I just want you guys to be successful like seriously. I don't need to keep doing this
 Like I'm I'm set the only thing I keep talking there's gonna keep showing up through millions
 I wake up in the morning and go the office is because I actually care about you guys
 I'm not doing this to be a jerk
 I'm doing this because I want you to be successful
 And so I keep sharing the things I found to be successful and and sometimes it's not gonna be comfortable
 That's okay. It's not supposed to be
 If it was comfortable everybody would be millionaires walking down the street having a good time
 So it's to be hard. It's just to be painful like that's how you earn this stuff
 you go through the process you go through the pain and
 And the reward when you stick through it when you humble yourself when you listen when you follow the process
 is you have success in the business and so
 get past the the ego and the feelings and the and those things as quick as possible and become coachable listen
 Follow with the exactness do what your coach says trust them believe in them because you already asked the free that help
 So when you get it don't don't shy away from it. Don't run from it embrace it
 With both hands and and run with it and be grateful that
 You had the opportunity to get the personalized stuff most people don't get that all the time. So anyway, hope that helps
 I appreciate you all thanks for listening
 Now go out there have success. That's all I really want life
 Let's go crush it go get a two-com a couple where I want to have you award on stage a fun-lacking live
 Which by the way if you're on tickets yet, they are selling fast that we're announcing speakers
 We've sold out five years in a row and we'll still out again this year
 so go get your tickets if you haven't yet funnel hacking lab calm and
 Get around some of the most amazing entrepreneurs the world. We all want to coach you
 We're there for you want you to be successful and now we're dedicating tons of our time and effort and money
 This event will cost me over three million dollars out of my own pocket to put it on for you
 You know pay a thousand bucks for tickets show up. So I'm putting my money wearing out this or make sure you are successful
 And I'm investing a lot in you
 So now you got to vessel back on yourself to show up get to the event where we can change your life
 So if you don't ever take you go to fun hacking lab calm with that said appreciate you all. Thank you
 and
 Listen to your coaches. They care about you. They're not here for their health. They're here for years
 So pay attention do this a and if you do you'll be successful. Thanks so much for everything. Yes, and we'll talk soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm seekers
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
