 So, the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 It's going to take me a while to use to saying "Marking Secrets" as opposed to "Marking
 Your Car".
 I'm glad we're here.
 Glad we're hanging out.
 I hope you guys enjoyed episode number one yesterday.
 A lot of crazy stuff has been happening over here.
 As you know, we finished...
 We're still the last week of our book launch.
 I've kind of moved on to the next funnel in the process, which is fun.
 We just passed 50,000 books officially sold on 51,000 this morning, which is cool.
 This evening, it's night time here.
 I'm actually at the office, I'm out in the car like normal.
 It's been really cool.
 Then this week we're doing what we call a seven day launch.
 It's a new process I learned from Brendan Bouchard.
 Try it out.
 It's the first time we've done it.
 It's fun.
 I've been funnel hacking him.
 He's done it just three or four times.
 He's done it just three or four times.
 He's got swipe files and a whole bunch of things.
 We're testing it out.
 Number one happened today, so we saw that.
 We basically sent out promotions for it.
 Basically, I sat in the conference room and taught and trained for three hours live.
 In three hours, next three days, two more days in a row.
 Three days in a row.
 Then tomorrow, actually, we've been doing a presentation.
 I'll be selling our two comical coaching.
 If I execute right, hopefully, it's holding me well.
 People will...
 Good stuff lapping.
 We'll see how details all pan out.
 It's a really cool way.
 It's a cool way to sell something but also give insane amounts of value on the way.
 Build tons of rest of the process to get people to love you more, which is what marketing
 is all about.
 It's fun.
 I'm excited for it.
 If you guys are not watching it, if you go to expertsmasterclass.com, you see the process
 in action.
 What I want to talk to you about now is I've been totally geeking out on Gary Vaynerchuk
 last few days.
 A couple of reasons why.
 I think the biggest reason why is I'm noticing that especially as we did, it was launched
 in the book, we did a whole bunch of virtual books where I started doing Facebook Lives,
 all these different people's audiences.
 It was interesting because some people's audiences were really bad, a lot more than
 I thought, and some audiences were insanely good.
 I started watching that.
 Who are the people that are doing this game right?
 I started looking at that and just trying to get a really clear picture.
 It's interesting because I've seen there's people that are good at different channels.
 I've seen people get Instagram, some people get it YouTube, some people get it Facebook,
 some people get it different channels.
 The only person I see who's good at all of them consistently across the board is Gary
 Vaynerchuk.
 I've been watching him not just from a learning but from a watching standpoint, what he's
 doing every single platform.
 God, he's the only person I can see I can find.
 It's just really dialing on all of them.
 I know it's happening in their markets.
 I just don't follow the other markets where he's got it working in all cylinders and
 all these different spaces.
 Again Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, podcast.
 Anyway, across the core channels he's there.
 I did a podcast a couple weeks ago about this, about how he mentioned one of the things
 I listened to that your phone right here is the equivalent of the TV in the 1950s.
 There were only three or four channels back then and the people who were on those channels
 dominated.
 Today is the same thing right now.
 Your phone has got three or four apps that people use to get all their social communication.
 It's like that's the majority, like 90% of everything happening on your cell phone outside
 of games is happening there.
 It's interesting.
 As I've learned about him and watching him as he's dominating each of these channels,
 I'm like, "God, how can I do that?"
 It's funny I had a lot of people like Russell.
 I cannot keep up with your content.
 I don't know how you're doing it.
 You're doing podcasts and YouTube and Facebook lives and this and that and all these different
 things.
 It's because I'm trying the same thing.
 I want to be so in every single channel like wherever you go you're seeing it.
 I want to be relevant because it's been initially the last of the probably year and after years
 or so, so many of my friends who focused on the market we've been doing for the last
 10 years have become irrelevant.
 It's like trying to do Facebook lives with all these, their audiences.
 I was like, "Dang, they're not relevant."
 It's interesting.
 If you ask me my opinion before this weekend, I've been thinking a lot about this and this
 is the big mind shift.
 I hope that this gives you a mind shift because it totally gave me one.
 I don't want to, as I tell you this, I don't want anyone to discount.
 I'll be like, "Oh, email marketing is dead because that's not what I'm saying."
 Any stretch of imagination, email is still hyper-hyper important and will continue to
 be important because it's a lot of reasons.
 When I got started, my first mentor, Mark Joyner was like, "Build the list, build the
 list, build the list."
 I focused on that and it saved my book list of over a million entrepreneurs and it's
 been the good times and the bad times during the good times it helps amplify things.
 The bad times help save your butt, save me from bankruptcy twice that I can remember
 and probably more.
 But it's like that was the key, right?
 It's just giving you this, your own distribution channel where you can get messages out to
 people.
 I would say for the last, I don't know what email was invented, but from then until probably
 the last year or so, it was the most important thing.
 Again, I'm nervous looking at this podcast that I don't want to be like, "Cool, I don't
 want to write email anymore."
 No, you have to focus on email.
 If you read the, I don't have it in here in front of me, .com/seekersbook, I had an
 accomplishment today.
 If you read the .com/seekersbook, I talk about those three types of traffic.
 Traffic you control, traffic you don't control and there's traffic you own, right?
 Traffic you control, like Zuckerberg owns Facebook, right?
 He owns Facebook traffic and he owns it, but I can go buy an ad, I can control, I can
 send it somewhere.
 Same thing like YouTube's owned by some, like people own these channels, so I don't
 own that traffic, but I can control, I can buy it out and push it somewhere.
 When I push in the ads, I want to push it somewhere where traffic transitions from traffic that
 I'm controlling into traffic that I own.
 So, for me, for the last 10 years, it's 100% like send all that traffic to an email list
 because then they join your email list and you, they're on your list now and you've got
 them.
 I still believe that, like, don't, again, don't, don't think I'm taking away email.
 I'm not, it's still the key, like, it's still the best way I think to transition from traffic
 you own to traffic you don't know.
 And then there's traffic you don't control, right?
 And that's like SEO, PR, all sorts of stuff's happening, but we had a blog, or we had an
 article today actually posted, if you guys haven't written Forbes, in fact, I'm trying
 to find the headline really quick.
 It was, it made me feel really good.
 In fact, I sent to my parents and they all excited, which made me even more happy.
 So the title of the headline was, "This entrepreneur built a $360 million SaaS business, it was
 entirely self-funded."
 There you go, there's the headline for all of the, those who are watching the video feed
 over on YouTube, right?
 And so, it was awesome, right?
 But like, the article happened and I can't control stuff, traffic's coming from different
 places and I can't control that.
 So it's like, oh, like, so I need to send my capture, hopefully I'm capturing it and
 putting it in places where I can get an email and then I can control that traffic and I
 can send it places, right?
 Okay, so there's, like, there's my beliefs, like the core, the foundation doesn't have
 changed.
 Like it's still traffic you control, traffic you don't control, all siphoning into some
 types of traffic that you do control.
 You know, control doesn't only mean an email list though.
 I still think email is one of the best and there's a lot of, because you have an email,
 I can send an email and directly it goes to people, okay?
 But here's the negative side email, okay?
 You send an email, it goes to somebody and then it dies.
 Send an email, go to somebody dies, okay?
 So the channel is powerful but that's the downside.
 Then you've got all these, you know, filters and promotion tabs, all the crap that you're
 always fighting against as well.
 And so, like, it becomes less and less effective.
 But I say, like, let's say I send an email to my list, right?
 Of over a million entrepreneurs that come through our list, I don't know exactly, there's
 that number count today, like who are amateur active.
 It's not a million, it's close to that.
 If you look at, when I send an email out, you know, I might get, I don't know, 30 to
 40,000 people to open the email and from that I might get 10,000 clicks, which is a
 good email.
 In fact, I should probably look at the exact number just for a while, but something like
 that, like, if I got 10,000 clicks on the email, like, that's awesome.
 I remember acting day like Michael, if I get between three and 5,000 clicks per email,
 I was like, "Oh, celebrating," right?
 Which is awesome.
 I want to put some things in perspective because that's still, like, still good.
 But understanding the power of emails, like, click a button, it goes in the inbox and
 I can get clicks fast.
 But the downsides is there and then it disappears and the lifespan of that is very, very short.
 It's finite.
 It lasts a few hours and then it's buried and then it's gone, right?
 Now, I want to put this perspective.
 If you go back and look at the book launch for experts' secrets we just finished, I
 did a whole bunch of Facebook lives and from that, we'll find the stats here in front of
 me, because I'm still watching that at the office.
 I don't have my...
 Let's see if I can find...
 All right, so let's see here on Skype.
 So I'll pull this up.
 And this is as of, like, a week and a half ago, so it's even more now, but it's kind of
 cool.
 All right, so from the Facebook lives that we did, our reach was 5,679,718 people.
 So that's the equivalent of an open-rated email, right?
 Some people saw me in the feed.
 They opened the email, whatever, and they saw that.
 And it's not as good as an email open for granted.
 I'll take that.
 But 5.6 million people saw my face in the news feed.
 We need to read somewhere about the book.
 Crazy.
 I don't know how much...
 I'd have to be on CNN like five or six times as my guests because I have many people
 to see it like those are flipping channels, right?
 Then from that, 3.15 million people actually clicked play or just have to watch some of
 the video.
 Over 3 million people watched it, right?
 From that, we got 40,000 reactions, people clicking on a like or a dislike or a thumb
 or whatever.
 And 3,696 shared it.
 Okay?
 It's interesting.
 I was looking at that like, and the cool thing is like all those assets we created are
 there forever.
 Like, we're running ads to all of them that are so profitable consistently.
 And they're running and they're running and like the lifespan of these is a long time,
 six months, a year.
 They can go on for forever.
 I'm putting videos on YouTube now.
 If you've been watching funnelhacker.tv, I'm posting these videos.
 It was cool as like the video has put there, but then it has this long tell like episode
 one of Funhacker TV got, it's up to like 14 or 15,000 views.
 Okay?
 Number two is like at 13,000.
 Number three, and it's like they're all getting, but the thing is like they're there, then
 they keep growing, keep growing.
 I mean episode one of Funhacker TV, my guests in the next year or two years, that thing's
 going to have, I don't know, a million, million, half, two million views on it.
 I do videos on Facebook that got multiple millions of views.
 Like for me, you get a million clicks on email.
 Ask me to take me an entire year to get a million clicks, right?
 And so start thinking like, and then they're all different, right?
 Every channel is different.
 You got email, you got Facebook lives, you got YouTube's, you got Instagram, I'm learning
 all these platforms and trying to really understand them.
 But what I'm seeing is like if I use my email a little differently than I have been using,
 I'm using my email in the past to sell.
 I still think you should use it to sell, but differently.
 And I'm not sure exactly.
 I'm going to give you some of my brainstorms off top of my head.
 I don't know how it's going to all pan out.
 But I feel like in the past we do is we would have long email sequences pushing them people
 through a funnel and all sorts of things.
 But I feel like I want to shorten that.
 And we were talking about here internally in the office called like 48 hour funnels,
 where it's like someone comes in and we have urgency and scarcity quick.
 There's 48 hours from the time the opt-in to the time that offer expires and we use deadline
 funnels with quick funnels beginning and done.
 And then it's over.
 And then from there, I push them back into our, and if you've read the experts or the
 dotcom seekers book, I have my soap opera sign, I have my soap opera sequences and my
 sign.
 So my soap opera is in the past.
 We're long sequences pushing them throughout a funnel.
 But I'm going to compress that to like a weekend marathon, like a 48 hour marathon
 instead of a soap opera sequence, right?
 So kind of like two to three emails really quick when they opt in specific to that thing
 and then we dump back to our sign fell list.
 And my sign fell list, the goal of that in my mind right now, and again, I'm quite perfected
 as figured out.
 But what's been going on is the goal of email now for me outside of the 48 hours to, um,
 to convert and cause urgency and scarcity and open and close it and offer is to promote
 content.
 Cause then she's like, if I post a video on YouTube and I post there, nothing's like,
 it kind of sits there, right?
 And I can buy some ads and slow, but if I start it and I start with a big momentum, it'll
 grow quickly.
 Like today when we did, um, I did a three hour training, we were on Facebook and we were
 on YouTube.
 And so I promoted on a face, uh, Facebook messenger.
 I promoted people to the live Facebook email.
 I promoted people to the Google version and we had, um, over 3000 people watching live
 the entire three hours.
 That was people who actually watched it like full time.
 Then it lost people up and down.
 But I would say, you know, when all of a sudden that from now we had like five or six hundred
 shares, um, like thousands and thousands of clicks.
 And I'm looking like if I use my email as a tool to amplify a video and then when the
 video is done, when the video comes and there's like, you know, there's 3000, 4000 views and
 there's 200 comments, then Google or YouTube or whoever's like, oh crap, this video is
 awesome or Facebook saying this video is awesome and they're going to rank it higher.
 The more views happen and this thing get email, if I were to send email, I would have hit
 there and then it would disappear within within within two to three hours is gone.
 Like the, the clicks of stuff are gone from that email.
 But if I push it to content, to boost it to my most hyperactive people who are on my list
 who love me, we push them there and then they, they start watching viewing and sharing and
 then it boosts everything else and I get all this organic traffic.
 You know, it changes that three, 1000, 5000, 10,000 clicks max into hundreds of thousands
 to millions of views.
 And it's like, now I'm looking at emails like an amplification thing.
 It's like amplified in these pre sell ads.
 Like you look at, I keep going back to Doccom, Seeker's book.
 I should probably, if you haven't read it, I go read it, but in the Doccom, Seeker's book,
 I talk all about, um, like the phases of funnel, like the pre phrase, the P, the, the pre frame
 before I hit the funnel is like the most important parts.
 All these videos are pre frames.
 It's like, I'm taking a pre frame, amplifying, I'm ramping it up.
 And then it's going viral or semi viral, or we call it paid viral, forced viral, we, you
 know, makes it, we can pay at we put ads behind it and it can grow that way.
 But it's taking that email, it would have been three or 4000 clicks and turning it into
 300,000 clicks.
 And it's really, really fascinating.
 Same thing with many chat, which is the new Facebook messenger.
 Um, when we first got, I, I struggled like, how do I use this?
 I was like, push people to offer.
 It was kind of confusing.
 And when I found now it's working so good, it's like I'm building this list.
 I think we've like 15 or 16,000 people on our many chat lists.
 It's like an email list, but it's through Facebook messenger.
 What we're doing is every time we face the glides and push it within that fast, we get
 500 to 1000 people to show up to any Facebook live.
 Like it's insane.
 Like I, I log into the, to the boss, they start Facebook live, go, they all come.
 And within, like I said, within minutes, we have 500,000 people who are live, which then
 people see a Facebook live with 500 to 1000 people on it.
 And they start watching and starts growing into the snowballs and everything.
 So I'm looking at this whole thing differently now where it's like email and messenger are
 tools to amplify the content where I'm going to take this, take this, this asset, this
 pre-frame video that I'm creating and I'm putting out there and changing it from 300
 or 400 views I would have gotten or you have three or 4000 clicks I've gotten into 30,000,
 50,000, 100,000 or more.
 And it's, it's getting me excited.
 So again, I'm experimenting with this, but I think it's funny because this is the first
 time I think in my entire career now of 14 plus years, I've had a directional shift.
 And I've viewed email different.
 And I think it's better.
 It's interesting.
 So anyway, I just encourage, I just wanted to open this thought process for you guys as
 well.
 To think about something, I'm thinking about it.
 I think that we shall be thinking about it.
 I think there's something interesting there that's going to be big.
 And so watch what I'm doing.
 Again, I always say this like listen, I'm saying, because I'm never going to hold anything
 back to me as I'm doing that.
 But watch what I'm doing because I'm doing it consistently and I'm trying it.
 And if I keep doing it, it means it's working.
 If I stop and I'm like, I guess it didn't work.
 But I think that's the key.
 Yeah.
 So I started studying each of these different platforms and understanding them.
 Instagram is the same way I'm looking at Instagram.
 I'm like, I'm so quite figured out.
 In fact, I got my account canceled yesterday and I got it back last night.
 It's not a little paranoid about it.
 But at the same time, there's a really cool thing about Instagram where you have the ability
 to build the relationship and build rapport with the attractive character.
 It's kind of snap-telling, easier to build because I can post videos.
 Now that it's a really cool thing coming out called swipe up.
 And I don't have it yet in my account, but I've seen a lot of people having it and we're
 trying to get it in our Instagram account.
 So what's happening is I can be doing these, I still call them Snapchat because I can just
 Snapchat for a year.
 But whatever they call them in Instagram where I can go and I can make these videos, right?
 So the videos I'm telling the story, I'm telling a story throughout the days.
 I'm like, I'm here, I'm doing this and I'm kind of like a mini version of what we do
 on funnelhacker.tv.
 But I'm doing, I'm telling this story and as I'm telling the story, I'm throwing it
 out like I'm like, hey, I just recorded a podcast.
 You want to hear it, swipe up and they swipe up and it immediately takes them to whatever
 you are, all you want.
 And like, that is magic.
 So I think that's the, like, I think Instagram is similar in my mind to Facebook Messenger
 and email and I don't have names for you or haven't figured out like a system that's
 the goal of those platforms are to, like, to build rapport with the attractive character
 and then to amplify content.
 And the content are pre-frame bridges which push people into, into funnels.
 And if you start looking at that way, I think there's something new and exciting and yeah.
 So there you go guys.
 We're what?
 I'm 17 minutes.
 You should get longer now than I'm on my car.
 Sorry about that.
 But hopefully it gets your, the wheels here at Spinning because that's the direction I'm
 thinking and focusing on and I think it's going to be where things are starting to transition
 to.
 So hope that helps.
 Thanks so much you guys for hanging out.
 If you're not subscribed yet, go to marketing seekers.com and subscribe on iTunes and leave
 your feedback.
 We'd love to hear it.
 And if you, if you are new to this and you want to catch up on like the last five years
 of this podcast, it used to be called marketing in your car.
 You can mark in your car.com in the first like 250 episodes.
 You can get on a free MP3 player and just get you caught up on all the cool stuff we've
 been talking about behind your back.
 And now you're part of it and I can let you in on the big secrets.
 So with that said, thanks you guys.
 Appreciate you and we'll talk to you guys all again soon.
 Bye.
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so, then go get your copies of my two best selling books.
 Book number one is called expert secrets.
 And you can get a free copy at expertseekers.com.
 And book number two is called dot com secrets.
 And you can get your free copy at dot comseekers.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest
 growing non-VC backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 (audience applauds)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
