 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everybody this is Russell.
 Welcome back to our fun hangout time in quarantine every single day.
 I am trying to set up for sitting in different spots so I can actually sit in a chair today
 because the last two weeks I've been sitting on the floor and my legs are burning.
 So we're hanging out a little differently.
 Hopefully this still works and you guys can all hear me.
 And right now we're live on Facebook and Instagram and I'm excited to be hanging out
 with you guys today.
 So it is Friday.
 We are a couple weeks into this whole crazy quarantine now.
 I think I told you as a boy as he officially got locked down a couple days ago.
 Which is good for you guys.
 I mean we all get to hang out more often here and we're going to start sharing more things
 from the books.
 And I'm curious how many of you guys have had a chance to listen to the entire audiobook.
 I know that the New Traffic Secrets book doesn't actually ship till May 5th but the audiobook
 is available.
 I sat in the theater studio actually for seven days.
 It took me three days to read the Traffic Secrets book, two days to read the Doc Lumps
 Secrets and two days to read the Extra Secrets book.
 The audiobook is done on all three of the new updated versions.
 But here's how many of you guys actually had a chance to listen to the whole thing.
 I know a bunch of you guys are like I'm going to buy it.
 I'm going to get the audiobook.
 I'm going to listen to the whole thing before tomorrow.
 So hopefully a bunch of you guys had a chance to listen to it.
 Which would be really fun.
 So alright Chris Baiden said me.
 Alright so good.
 If not, it's time to like what are you guys doing?
 Like we're sitting around doing nothing anyway.
 Might as well be listening and sharpening your sauce.
 You're going to be sharpening your mind and getting prepared for what's coming next.
 So Austin said Russell, BJJ wrestling.
 Come on now.
 Wrestling is the greatest sport of all time.
 But BJJ is number two.
 So it is good.
 Alright you guys decide for today.
 I'm going to read some more in the book.
 In fact we are finishing up section number one today here at Side Traffic Secrets.
 I'm going to open this thing up.
 And those of you who know this is the box set.
 This is the trilogy.
 This is and it's funny I said this to Liz Beni, a picture.
 I'm like this is the trilogy and she's like Russell.
 There's four books.
 The trilogy only has three.
 And I was like, crap.
 Well Mike, this is the trilogy and this is the workbook that goes with the trilogy.
 So there's four books in a trilogy.
 I don't know.
 I just trilogy sounds cooler.
 So there you go.
 And check that.
 If you see the book, can you see the box set?
 It's really cool.
 It says the Secrets trilogy by Russell Brunson.
 On the back it's got the dot com secrets is the framework.
 Expert secrets is the fire.
 Traffic secrets is the fuel.
 And then unlock secrets is your playbook.
 And this side is quote, I don't feel it might be backwards for you guys, it says you're
 just one funnel way.
 And then a quote from Garrett White says, the life you want, the marriage you want and
 the family want are going to be fueled by the businesses you build.
 And so that's kind of what's in the box set.
 All right.
 Let's open this up.
 We're going back in traffic secrets.
 And we've been doing this every single day now for almost two weeks, which has been a
 lot of fun for me.
 And we're almost today and today we're going to finish up talking about the first section
 of the book, which is which is going to be cool.
 So we've covered a lot of stuff.
 So section number one in the book is all about, in fact, if you look at the title section
 number one, it's called your dream customer.
 It's really understanding and mastering your customer.
 Where are they at?
 How do we find them?
 How do we get help?
 Hold them.
 One of the hooks, the stories, the offers, you grab their attention, pull them into your
 world, who's already congregated.
 How do we follow up with like people with those people like all the things we've been
 caught talking about.
 And so secret number seven is infiltrating the dream 100.
 How do you do that?
 It's going to be really fun.
 And then in the next week we'll get into section number two, the book, which is called
 Feel Your Funnel.
 This is where we started breaking out of different networks.
 We're going to Facebook, Instagram, Google, YouTube, podcasting, and a bunch of other
 ones I'll show you guys.
 A pattern of how we dominate all of those.
 But what we understand, the pattern, what's cool about it is it'll give you the ability
 to dominate anything because you can use this process to dominate TikToks, Twitch, the
 new platforms coming out next week.
 Xavier said I'm throwing my wallet on the screen.
 It's amazing.
 I love it.
 I love it.
 All right.
 So we're going to dream 100.
 So infiltrating your dream 100.
 How do you get into those people?
 This is a question a lot of people have because I've been talking about dream 100 pretty consistently
 now for a decade telling people like build your dream 100.
 Go find those people.
 Network with them.
 Get build relationships.
 Get them promote you.
 Things like that.
 And it's funny because some people hear me say that and they don't do anything about
 it.
 That's the majority of people.
 Some people hear me.
 They build the dream 100 and start contacting them but they never get in with them.
 They never ask them to do anything.
 They just kind of they kind of start the exercise.
 They don't actually finish it.
 And so this is going to help you guys understand how to finish this exercise.
 How do you take this dream 100 and how do you infiltrate it?
 How do you build relationships?
 How do you get in with them?
 So secret number seven we're on page 104.
 Those who are following along in your books which haven't been shipped yet.
 The ship may fit though so you should be getting them about a month from now.
 You guys will all start getting your books.
 If you don't have your book yet or the audiobook you can go get a free copy at trafficseekers.com.
 You just got to cover the shipping which is not that much money.
 I think it's like it's under 10 bucks in the US and a little more international.
 But you go trafficseekers.com you can get those you can get it.
 There's a bunch of amazing videos that you get immediately as bonuses.
 Plus the order form bump is the audiobook.
 So if you want to listen to it this weekend you can go upgrade your order and get the
 audiobook and you can listen to me reading this title to you.
 And yeah it's kind of fun.
 Alright so infiltrating the dream 100.
 So I'll tell you guys a story that I tell in the book.
 How do you guys remember the Arsenio Hall show?
 How many guys are old enough?
 Old enough?
 I turned 40 this year.
 So old enough to remember the Arsenio Hall show.
 He's the late night.
 That's Arsenio Hall right?
 Now I remember when I was growing up my parents would not let me watch the Arsenio Hall show
 for whatever reason.
 I think it was late night.
 But my friends parents like his him watch all the time.
 So you'd always talk about it and like he's always doing that thing.
 And so I remember like he would tell me stories and like I was like wanted to watch but
 never did to one night we had to sleep over his house.
 And I got to watch the Arsenio Hall show.
 And it was so cool because people run out and he was just like whoo whoo whoo and everyone's
 excited and they're interviewing people and they're funny people.
 It was just like this really cool thing.
 And what's interesting is I started doing actually this was really funny.
 After we saw that that became like our thing.
 Like that was the Arsenio Hall thing but that became our thing.
 We were playing basketball and making it.
 We'd dunk on someone.
 And they were like whoo whoo whoo.
 We'd play football and catch a touchdown.
 And they were like whoo whoo whoo.
 It became all of our things right?
 Oh someone said that their aunt worked on the show.
 How cool is that?
 Alright so Arsenio Hall show like at the peak of it in fact in June 1922 or 1992 Bill Clinton
 who was running for president at the time came on the Arsenio Hall show played the saxophone.
 He played song "Heartboard Break Hotel" and what many people said that one of the main
 the main reason why President Clinton won the election is because the people who watched
 Arsenio Hall show they said it was built as a popularity among minority and younger voters
 which is one of the main not one of the major reasons why he won the election which is very
 interesting right?
 Anyway so then two years after that Arsenio Hall show gets cancelled right and then how
 many has have heard of Arsenio Hall since then?
 No it has right disappeared off the face of the planet.
 What happened?
 Intel a couple of years ago.
 In 2012 I came to 2012 that was really 10 years ago.
 I don't know what you were in right now in quarantine time I don't remember what you
 were in.
 Anyway 2012 we're watching Celebrity Apprentice because that's what we do and all of a sudden
 Arsenio Hall is one of the contestants on Celebrity Apprentice which were like this is
 amazing right?
 So we're watching this whole thing and there was something interesting that happened so
 they do different fundraisers on Celebrity Apprentice things are happening and then one
 of the episodes was a fundraiser and so all the contestants jump on the phone calling
 all their friends and when they know and they're trying to raise money right and every single
 one of the celebrities get on the phone and raise money some raise like you know 30 grand
 some raise hundreds of thousands like everyone's got different levels of it a couple of people
 raise like half a million or something.
 Everybody raised money except for one contestant can you guess which contestant that was?
 The only contestant who raised zero not even a penny was Arsenio Hall and you see the
 scene of him he's on the phone with his address book he's calling the calm person after person
 after person nobody will return his call he's like why is nobody returning my calls and
 then the very end they tally up and he's the only one that doesn't get any money and they
 show this little clip of him in like the boardroom whatever talking to the camera and he's all
 frustrating and he looks at it and he says you know what he said when I had my own show
 everybody returned my call.
 Okay and most people miss that but for me it rang in my head like a bell.
 When Arsenio Hall had a show he had a platform he was able to call anyone on earth including
 Bill Clinton who was currently running for president and said do you want me to show
 man and the next day Bill Clinton is on a show playing saxophone right he loses his
 show loses his platform no one returns his call.
 People ask me how in the world did you get in with Tony Robbins and Dean Graziosi and
 all these people and I would love to think that the reason why I got in with all these
 guys is because I'm so nice or charismatic or anything my hair cuts cool or whatever right
 and as much as I wish that was the truth I know I'm fully aware that the reason why
 I was able to get into my dream 100 is because the thing that I have to offer them is my
 platform that is what I have to offer people.
 So when I met Tony I'm like hey Tony I've got a whole bunch of entrepreneurs that follow
 me can I interview you can I get to know you can I do you know I'm at Dean hey Dean
 I would help promote you hey Dean you want to be on my show hey and you can name out all
 the people my dream 100 I've never tried to get my platform is the thing that I have
 to offer my dream 100 it's the tangible thing that I own that I control that it provides
 value to people who are three or four five levels above me right and so for you the question
 is like you're building this dream 100 and then how are you going to approach them like
 hey hey dream 100 can you do the thing for me can you do this thing like they're going
 to say no right they have enough things happening in their lives the thing you have to offer
 them is your platform but you've got to have a platform right and so that's this whole
 secret I'm 17 about building out your platform so what does your platform look like well for
 everyone's gonna be different some of you guys in fact I'm gonna do a poll right here
 how many guys right now who are listening to this how many guys you love to write like
 I love writing if I could just write all day I'd be the happiest person in the world okay
 if you are someone who loves to write the platform you need to be building you need to
 be starting a blog you should be writing how many guys are like writing sounds like the
 worst thing on planet earth I do not want to write ever but I love to talk right okay maybe
 for you you should be starting a podcast like that's the platform you love talking and speaking
 like that's your thing I mean it's like I like writing podcasting yeah but I love being on
 video I want people to see my face I want to see my excitement oh this is amazing for
 those of you as you should be starting a video channel a vlog a YouTube channel or Instagram
 or Facebook like like somewhere like you got to find the spot that you're the most comfortable
 okay because you're not comfortable you're not gonna be consistent with it that's number
 one figuring out like what you're like where you want to build your platform out right and
 then you've got to start actually growing it okay and I have a whole bunch of stuff here
 I wish I could read all of it to you starting page 112 like how do you find your voice
 because when you first start your own show it's scary right like how do you know how to talk
 like you listen to the first 40 plus episodes of my podcast like they were really bad I
 was shy and awkward and nervous and people like Russell you seem like such a natural communicator
 how do you become so natural at it I became natural because I published 800 episodes of
 my podcast consistently three to five times a week every single day for the last eight
 years okay and I've been on Facebook live hundreds of times and I've been on tons of other
 like I sound natural because I've done it a lot I found my voice and I continue to try
 to develop and make it better but it's consistency okay before any of you guys saw me up here
 talking to you it was a decade of you putting in the time and the effort of publishing and
 finding my voice and doing it over and over and over again and so what I want to recommend
 for all of you guys is you need to pick a platform whatever one it is especially now
 especially during times when everyone's stressing out this is your choice your shot your chance
 to step up as the leader that your people are looking for and start talking start sharing
 start giving faith and hope in a brighter future for your people now is the time so I'm
 challenging to figure out are you if you if you're a writer you're starting a blog if
 you and I would recommend going to like medium.com starting a blog there if you're a speaker
 you're gonna start a podcast if you like video you're gonna start a video blog and I don't
 care if it's on Facebook live YouTube live I don't go pick a platform and stick with it
 and then I challenge you to publish every single day for the next year starting today
 not my nana starting today I want you to publish every single day for an entire year okay and
 first I don't have something to talk about for an entire year I get it okay but what's
 magic is you start speaking more things will come to you okay as you open up your mouth
 the Lord will bless you with more ideas more inspiration more things as you share as you
 give as you helping other people more stuff will come to you so it's very important to
 understand that okay so you got to publish every single day for least a year and this
 the reason why we do this is a couple things number one at first you are going to be very
 very bad okay so you need to start publishing to be able to find your voice this is the
 big part of it if you don't start publishing now you will never find your voice the reason
 I'm good today is because eight years ago I started publishing every single day okay so
 you start publishing to find your voice and your first like oh but no one's listening
 to me like that's good because you suck right now so so can't no one's listening to you
 you shouldn't worry about it now is the time to find your voice and learn how to actually
 speak and figure out people actually want here number two so number one is for you to
 find your voice number two is you have to you have to publish long enough for people to
 find you okay number one you're finding your voice number two it's you publishing long enough
 for them to find you and there's a really cool blog post that my buddy Nathan Barry wrote
 on his blog it's called endure long enough to get noticed I'm going to read it because
 it's one of the most powerful things I could possibly share for you guys he said how many
 great TV shows have you discovered in season three or later I started watching Game of
 Thrones after they'd released five seasons Pat Flynn had released at least a hundred episodes
 of his podcast before I even knew it existed I discovered hardcore history years after Dan
 Carlin started producing it this is such a common experience there's so much content
 being produced we can't possibly discover it all so instead we wait for the best content
 to flow to the surface after time if step number one in building an audience is to create
 great content step number two is endure long enough to get it noticed Seth Godin is very
 generous with this time and will appear almost any relevant podcast but you have to have recorded
 at least a hundred episodes first his filter is creators who have shown they are willing
 to show up consistently for a long time oh oh this is so good you guys get this alright
 so step number one you're doing this publishing every day for a year on your chosen platform
 I don't care what it is okay number one reason is for you to find your voice at first no one's
 gonna be listening and you're gonna suck at it and that's okay that's the plan it's the
 process okay number two is you're doing it so that your audience can find you if you just
 publish three episodes they'll never gonna find you you publish a hundred they're gonna
 start finding you publish every day for a year it'll give you you'll have endured long enough
 your people will start finding you okay I watch my first podcast was called marketing
 your car and it was I did the same exercise I'm asking you I was like what am I gonna
 be most comfortable with what can I be most consistent with I was like if I do an interview
 show I have microphones and stuff I'll never do it so pay to be too hard I was like I'm
 in my car every day for 10 minutes I'm just gonna record a podcast while I'm driving so
 call the marketing your car podcast and I knew I'm gonna be consistent I'm gonna do at least
 three times a week and maybe more and I did it every single day and I did it for years
 now I was lucky at the beginning I didn't know how to check my stats so because I never checked
 my stats and so what's amazing is I think I was three years into publishing my podcast
 before I learned how to like find out if people are actually listening and I am so grateful
 I never knew because if I've known they're the first 40 50 60 episodes I have like 10
 listens each I probably wouldn't keep doing it if I'm really honest but now I've done
 this many every episode I that I published is tens of thousands of downloads okay but
 I had to keep doing it consistently for long enough for my people to find me and I do consistently
 long enough to find my voice and so that's the secret to dream 100 then we need your
 own platform now you can go to these people who your dream 100 be like hey I've got a
 podcast you want to be on it hey I got a YouTube show you want to be on it hey and now you
 have something of value to provide to them that's the thing you have to provide your dream
 100 is your platform that is the big secret and so we had to like we're also have to publish
 if I make a traffic secret so you don't have to there's a lot of ways to drive traffic
 but I promise you this will make a very holistic traffic it gives you the ability to find your
 voice it gives you the ability to infiltrate your dream 100 to build a relationship to
 people you didn't have the ability to before in fact as you read this is like it's like
 this is your journey right in your podcast you're documenting your journey wait the result
 you're trying to get for yourself and you're here you're telling your story along the way
 I wish I could go on for like two days about this alone but the my job here is I'm documenting
 my journey every single podcast I'm telling my story I'm talking about what I'm learning
 today where I'm going I want to try to figure out as you're doing this journey to get a
 certain result for yourself so don't think I'll start my podcast after I figured out
 I know you can start today figure out what's the result you're trying to get for yourself
 okay and then document your journey along the way every episode of the documentation then
 in the in between here this is your dream 100 you're pulling people in and you're interviewing
 them you're pulling them in your ear and your view and you're building a relationship you
 have a chance to interview someone for 30 minutes or an hour on your podcast on your show
 on your video you build a relationship with your dream 100 you can't get in any other
 way okay it opens up so many doors so many gates and that is the big secret so infiltrating
 your dream 100 you guys it all starts with building out your own show I wish that I could
 just fly to your house and force you to do it most of you won't but the ones who do are
 the ones who are going to who are going to thrive during this this time of economic
 uncertainty okay your people are waiting for you they're waiting for your voice they're
 waiting for your guidance your leadership and unless you start doing it they're never
 going to find you and so they always say that the best time to planet is the old Chinese
 property the best time to planet here is 20 years ago the second best time is right now
 so today this is the time you guys you're sitting around you're in quarantine you guys
 whole weekend and figure it out figure out how do we block it's easy you would meet him
 dot com create an account boom you can start blogging today okay I don't know how to start
 a podcast there's an app called anchor dot FM I think it's like freer like five bucks
 on your on your phone you download it boom you can be podcasting today okay a video like
 I went to Facebook I click go live boom I'm live YouTube same thing like you don't have
 to wait now is the time start publishing start finding your voice document your journey towards
 some thing that you're trying to create something you're trying to learn and just share what
 you're doing you're gonna make things a highly produced you're just talking and telling
 your stories and what you're learning along the way and as you do that two things will
 happen number one you will find your voice and number two you're long enough that your
 people will be able to find you alright guys I got a bounce because I've got I've got an
 interview with one of my dream 100 starting two minutes yes I practice when I preach I
 got to jump off here if you don't have a copy of your book a go to traficher.com get
 it the hard bounce don't shit till may fit but the audio book is available right now
 so go and get it I highly recommend get the order form bump which is the audio book you
 can listen for seven hours and you read this entire book to you so by this time on Monday
 when we're hanging out again you can have this whole book in your brain and done alright
 I have to go guys I'm starting one minute one minute I'm actually appreciate you all
 thanks for everything you guys start publishing now is the time your people are waiting for
 you let's go alright thanks you guys we'll talk to you.
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between
 ten and thirty minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people who
 are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone
 out and actually text me a message okay now the phone over you text is 208-231-3797 once
 again it's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello and then what's going to happen
 is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can add
 me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this
 texting community is where I'm going to be giving out free swag giving away free copies
 of my book I'll let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area
 and a whole bunch more so I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every
 single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can
 get for free only through my texting platform so what you need to do right now is play your
 phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time that's 208-231-3797 I can't
 wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
