 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secret podcast today. I want to talk about the concept of capitalizing on momentum
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secret
 All right, so that a really unique experience
 to me has know that
 By default I wear t-shirt and jeans almost every day, but then
 Funnocking live I used to try dress up and so I'd buy my own clothes and I didn't know how to buy clothes
 And so I just anyway looking back down it's kind of embarrassing looking my old what I thought was nice
 But after like the third or fourth funnocking live one of my friends Bart Miller was like hey
 Can I dress you because you're embarrassing yourself and everybody else I was like okay?
 And so we started dressing me and it's been a fun experience
 I'm not comfortable with most things he tries to put me in like suit jackets and all sorts of fancy things
 But I kind of got my spot where I'm like, okay, here's Russell dressed up. I'm wearing nice jeans
 I'm wearing a shirt. I'm not tucking it in though
 The sure may have cufflinks because those are kind of cool. I'm probably in the cool watch
 That's kind of cool and probably some cool shoes
 But that's about the extent of where I'm gonna go and so once a year we go shopping and we buy a bunch of cool stuff
 I wear a funnocking live and then I wear it, you know every time I'm on stage for the rest of the year
 And then usually by the time it's been a year those clothes have been worn out and then I go buy new clothes
 And so that's how I run my my fashion the Russell Brunson fashion happens that way. So
 Anyway, it's kind of funny, but I had a really cool experience this time. So
 Again every time we're shopping I'm way out of my comfort zone. I don't know what half these things are like
 I didn't know what Gucci was I didn't know what
 You know, I mean like like I don't anything about brands or fashion or anything
 I remember first time walked in the Gucci store like five years ago
 I was like now I'll never wear something like this ever in infinity years, right?
 Like the shoes have bugs on them and like fur and like weird stuff and I was like yeah
 But anyway like last time two years ago into Gucci and they had these cool like looking tennis shoes that were click funnels colors
 I was like sweet will get those
 I mean I can wear tennis shoes look like click funnels and they were awesome and so like I've kind of like
 Broad my horizon to some of the weird brands that are out there and anyway
 so this year we went back into the Gucci store and again they had a couple cool like
 Not weird shoes were kind of in between I'm like, okay
 These are these are kind of cool and there are these one pair there were sneakers like one was and they're weird colors
 Like blue and yellow and so they had me trying them on so I tried what I got one of
 My size but one on each foot so put one I put like the yellow or the blue on the right foot the other one on the left foot
 And I'm sitting looking at I'm like I have no idea
 These shoes are cool or lame or whatever and instinctively I grabbed my phone
 I took a picture just to like send to my wife Klet who was shopping somewhere else
 I was like so these cool or these lame
 I don't even know so I sent to her and then at the same time I was like I'm gonna post this on Instagram
 So I post on Instagram Instagram you can do like a voting thing right so I put on a vote Instagram
 I was like yellow or blue like just but whatever it is right so I post that and
 And then I go back we put the shoes away and we go continue shopping right so anyway
 So there's the backstory in case you guys are like thinking Russell's like
 Spinning infinity dollars like Gucci every single day that's not the reality the reality is like it's still weird to me
 And I just happen to be trying these shoes on
 Post to the picture and had people vote okay, so that's kind of story then two hours later
 I open Instagram and I and I open the thing where it shows you like the score of people voting and at the time
 They're like 70,000 people had voted and I had had seen the thing I was like what I've never had 70,000 people view one of my stories
 That was in two hours and then I looked down and had like 10,000 people would vote or whatever it was and kept going
 I'm going and by the time the 24-hour window had gone and disappears from my stories like 120,000 people have seen it
 I think 35,000 people had voted on it and it was crazy so that happened and after that happened
 And again, I still know exactly how to happen
 I haven't I have some ideas and things but for some reason the Instagram algorithms like this is getting a high percentage of votes
 Therefore, it's good therefore we showed to everybody to Russell knows plus
 We should probably post it on on the search feed other places like that and anyway it blew up right and then what's crazy
 He's like get this huge momentum surge and then stupid Russell doesn't even think and then like my next couple insta storage
 like me like eating food or doing stupid things and that was it right and
 And again, I don't I'm not paying attention and then
 The end of the day I come back or excuse me the next day I come back and I look and again 120,000 votes
 And there's like again there 120,000 views 30,000 votes and I was like man that was crazy that happened
 I still don't know how it happened and then look to my next story my next story have like 60,000 views on it next
 I have like 40,000 and 30,000 and the ones that 60 40 30,000 were me doing stupid things that didn't even matter and like I
 Missed the momentum. I should have been like hey by the way
 I'm wearing one of these pair of shoes upon my canada swipe up a gear ticket or I could have been like hey
 You want to learn how to afford Gucci shoes go buy my book or something?
 I couldn't something to capitalize on the momentum and I didn't I missed it and I missed the window and this is obviously a dumb
 Dorky example of like a flu thing where I posted it's the story got a bunch of viewers for whatever reason
 I had attention for for literally 24 hours and it was gone after that right the next day
 I tried to post something and my views went back down to like normally I get I don't know 10 to 15,000 people
 View a story so it dropped like you know back to normal
 I was like oh I missed my window I had momentum I could have I could have like had this amazing opportunity and I lost out on it
 so
 anyway
 So that's kind of the context but the the lesson I wanted to you guys is just like there's times in life
 We get momentum right like and it could be in sports it could be in a relationship
 It could be in business like you do something and something goes viral or something hits or you speak on stage
 Let me big happens or you launch a podcast and tons of downloads or something you do something and it gets momentum
 I think so many times where I get so excited by the momentum
 But we don't try to capitalize on it right and it's that it's like actually capitalizing on the momentum is where you make money or something good
 Happens from it right I know that there's so many times like we did when
 Click funnels past 50,000 members
 We hired the harm and brothers dudes viral video and we launched it and we did this big thing to get mo to get momentum right
 And we've been brought in all these big influencers. We did the event Gary v game spoke out
 We did a bubble soccer man got the you know the game spoke world records like thing
 And we just big huge thing got a whole bunch of momentum and then we didn't capitalize on the momentum
 Like afterwards we're like oh we had all these influencers there
 We didn't get them to tell you know to promote it
 We didn't get that you know
 We didn't do interviews with them
 We didn't do these things like we had the momentum and we didn't capitalize on it and you know looking back
 It's like oh we probably lost literally millions of dollars sometimes because we didn't capitalize on the momentum
 And so if you look at your business like there's two things when you're trying to drive traffic and create attention
 Like there's two things you're doing right you're gonna do things to create momentum and then you got to capitalize on the momentum
 I think I look at a lot of influencers really get a creating momentum
 But then they don't capitalize or people are really capitalizing on no momentum
 And they you know they're just buying ads and making money that way
 But there's a sweet spot where you can do things to organically create momentum and then capitalize at the same time
 And it's that that yin yang of those two things
 There's a sweet spot there where where you can really have some have some big success
 And so a couple things I'd recommend from this number one
 I start thinking like what are things they can do to create momentum?
 Like by me knowing that like me posting a yellow and blue Gucci shoe and how people vote
 I'm like oh my gosh like people like these dorky little quizzes that I didn't know about and if the quiz turns out good
 Instagram is gonna reward. I'm gonna get a hundred twenty thousand people to watch it now that I know that guess what I'm doing
 I'm knowing this is the way to get momentum. I'm gonna start looking at things differently. How do I do things right?
 Similarly, oh I said that word right I think
 Last year we did a video where I was kind of telling my story
 We had hired these actors to act it out and we did it and it got like five million views
 It's like that create a bunch of momentum and then we didn't capitalize on it
 So my okay, how do we do that again?
 We create stories but then the first thing creates momentum and then the second thing comes back through and it's like
 Capitalize on the momentum like how do I structure those things?
 And so part of it's like sure looking at things like what are things you've done the passive of credit momentum?
 Can you do it again? What are things that other people do to create momentum?
 Can you model those right to create the momentum and then second half is as I create the momentum be prepared now to capitalize on them and
 On the other side and that's kind of the other the other side of it. So
 Anyway, just want to hope to share that hopefully get the wheels you had spinning because I think that that there's a short
 Consciously start paying attention now like how can I create the momentum and how can I capitalize on that?
 You have success you don't have success when you randomly just create momentum like I did and then don't you're not prepared to capitalize on it
 Like I missed a big opportunity, right?
 But man if you can get those two things where you start looking like what are things I can do to create momentum?
 Like what are the different?
 Lovers the things the ideas the things I can tweak I can I can I can affect that cause that and then being prepared on the other side to capitalize on it
 So hopefully that helps helps you guys as you're thinking about it because traffic you can like I'm gonna go buy Facebook ads
 That's good, but how can I buy Facebook ads to create momentum?
 The other things I can do to create momentum what are posts I can make that give people to share in the comedy to create momentum
 Like what are these different things you start thinking differently and it gets really exciting. So
 Anyway, hope this helps. I know that I get excited. I talk fast
 This is an eight-minute podcast and I probably jam like 30 minutes of stuff into it
 So if you need to go back and listen on half speed please do that
 But hopefully gets the wheels you had spinning just like what are things you can do every single day like 120,000 views off of a picture of my shoes
 Like you know that that would have cost me that it cost me 20 grand in Instagram
 You know ads to get the same amount of views and I miss the momentum or I miss the I didn't capitalize on because I missed it right
 And so just thinking through those things and crafting and and and testing things out having fun with it
 That's the game. I get to play every day guys. It's so much fun. I hope you're enjoying the game if not
 Start looking at this game again. This is fun. This is something should be exciting like all these crazy things
 The fact that I post that picture and got that much view that many of you is this crazy
 But that's part of the game. That's a fun part of the game. So hope this helps
 Hope it gives you that gets wheels you had spinning without said. Thanks so much for listening and I'll talk to you as all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay now the phone over you text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
