 Hey, good morning everybody. This is Russell. It's like 6 a.m.
 and driving the office and wanted to talk to you about what I'm doing today,
 why and hopefully can help you visionaries out there who are not good at project managing to
 help your teams out a little bit more.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital
 for spending money from our own pockets? How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright, so how many of you guys like me? You are the visionary. You are the person who has the idea.
 You're the person who knows what to do and how to do it.
 When you started your business, it's probably you doing all the things.
 So you had to become good at coming up with ideas and figuring out a logo and brainstorming the offer
 and basic design and then copywriting and how to sell it.
 You know what the ad is and then you ran the ad and you get all the things.
 It's just you. You have any money that hire people at the beginning so you have to get all the different things.
 They start hiring people and the first thing you find out is like,
 these people can't do the thing the right way or they need more coaching.
 It's like it's confusing to us because you as the founder,
 you loved your things so much that you were not there and gathered and learned every skill set necessary to be successful.
 You hire someone to do one piece of it or whatever and they struggle.
 It was good as you or maybe they do and you find a rock star which is even better.
 But there's all sorts of things.
 So I've gone through that.
 I'm now my 20th year of business, which is crazy.
 It's crazy to have at this spot where like I'm a wife and I have our 20 year anniversary this year,
 which means I've been with my wife longer than I live with my parents.
 It's like that weird time in someone's life where you have a business for almost 20 years now
 or whatever it is.
 It's just interesting like I've been doing this for a long, long time.
 Like I wrestled for a long time.
 I've been doing this business for no longer because I did wrestling it anyway.
 It's just an interesting thing.
 But I've been doing this a long time and it's interesting because I've obviously become good at marketing.
 I've been getting to figure out products and creating info and training and those kind of things.
 But the piece that, man, no matter how hard I've tried,
 that I'm not intuitively good at is operations and management, things like that.
 Like it's just, man, it's just, it's, my brain does not compute.
 I think I got, you know, like, I got more gift on one side and less on the other side, right?
 Like the good Lord is like I'm going to bless Russell with the ability to, you know, whatever.
 But because of that, I'm going to take away his ability to manage people.
 I don't know how that works, but it's just felt like.
 And so I always struggle with that.
 And there's been times in our business when we've had really good managers.
 You know, things get done really well.
 The times that we haven't and it falls back on my shoulders and it, like,
 more spacked to chaos over time.
 So anyway, it's interesting.
 But I'm in a spot now where, um,
 this is a lot of ClickFunnels 2.0 Todd's, I mean, Todd's great at everything.
 I understand those who are not Todd Dickerson.
 He's my co-founder and ClickFunnels, a smart student I've ever met.
 But he's good at everything.
 Like he's a good marketer and he's good at coding and programming and managing and leading and like.
 Anyway, so the development side, like the ClickFunnels product side is insane.
 Um, recently over the last 12 months I brought in a couple of people who are really good managing operations and they've been awesome.
 Um, I'm so good.
 Like infinity time's better than I could ever dream of or hope to be.
 Um, but then the downsides and there's me as this visionary who, um, has a vision and I keep bumping into them trying to manage things right.
 And, and most, you know, not most, a lot of the parts of the team I've worked in the past.
 So I'm always trying to like get people to do this and this and I'm messing up the whole system and the process and it's just chaos.
 And so, um, and even this week it kind of came to a head where it's just like, I don't know what to do.
 Like part of me is like, you know, like, I feel like I'm messing the system up.
 But I feel like they need me because there's this part that I'm good at, which is like the overall vision of the thing.
 And then there's other things that man, I'm just messing up the process and getting in people's ways and, um,
 and so, you know, after a lot of really good meetings with some really smart people, um, kind of what we came down to is what I, um,
 I need to do is really sit down and do a deep dive brain dump on every project we're doing.
 Cause my, like, my unique ability is, like, what's my vision on this? Like, why are we creating this?
 Why did I buy that company? Why did I buy that? Like, what's the funnel supposed to look like? Like, those kind of things.
 And, um, it's kind of a three. Actually, I got really excited. I'm like, oh my gosh, this is actually gonna be really fun.
 So I had mapped out all the major projects that we either working on or the offers and the funnels they had their driving line of traffic to or things like that.
 And I put them all on a trailer board. And, uh, today I got, I can sleep last night. I got four hours in one minute sleep, according to my ordering.
 Um, I don't know if I'm excited or whatever, but I wasn't able to sleep. Um, so I got here at least having six o'clock right now, six or seven actually.
 And I got to the office. I'm gonna go, and basically each project, I'm gonna go through it.
 I'm gonna go and do a deep dive funnel hack, visionary, like whatever. Like, here's the project. Here's why we're doing it.
 The reason they're like just making a video of me going through everything, like casting the vision as deep as I can, showing people examples and case studies and all this stuff that I love.
 And then I'm gonna do all that. And then that's my role at this point. And I stop and I hand it to the people now who are running the projects.
 And so this is happening on both sides. Like, I kind of split my time between two sides. Like the funnel side, then also like the content creation courses, books, membership sites, things like that.
 So I'm doing that for about a dozen or so different projects today. And so, and then I lead to a, to go with my wife to go boating on a couple of dates.
 So anyway, so I came in early today to go bust this thing out. And I'm actually really, really excited. Um, so anyway, so I'm doing today.
 So for you guys who are visionaries, you struggle and you struggle managing and your team figuring things out and all that kind of stuff.
 Um, I want to challenge you to what I'm doing. Uh, Stephen Larson is actually really good as well. In fact, I hired him one time just to do this part where he sat down and like brainstormed out this entire funnel launch strategy plan, everything, white, he whiteboarded out, found all the case studies, everything and gave my team my team.
 And I was like, Oh, we know what to do now. You didn't broke out. Like here's all the task and everything. And so what I'm realizing and this make, you know, this could change in a week from now. But when I'm excited for today, let me sit down. I'm going to just cast the vision on every project.
 Um, making videos showing again, an introvert board. I have checklists. So here's every fun life, sweat file or that I've funnel hacked it.
 That way you just look at here's the other examples. Here's other ways hooks and angles and the ads and like, here's the thing and then make a video of me explaining the vision and the funnel and the process and the offer and the hooks and the angles and like all that kind of stuff.
 And then I don't think I give a video to one person and that person will go and like chop it up to here's all the million tasks to sign each task.
 And then people will all have the vision. And so when they get stuck, hopefully, you know, texting Russell or calling Russell will be go back to the video and go back to the vision and make what it was a vision.
 But a sink of that and follow that. Anyway, so I'm excited that some of this morning. So hopefully that, you know, this is a 20 years now. I'm trying to start to figure out what I do or how to do better.
 And this may not be the end. I'll be all solution, but I think it's me is giving me one step a lot closer to what I want to do because I don't want to stop.
 Like, I love this game. I want to be part of it. But like when I try to dip my hands in the management side of things, I said it all.
 It's like a chaos theory for my understanding. All turn turns back. Like all things return back to chaos over time. Like, I feel like every time I jump back now part, it turns back to chaos.
 It's like, okay, I'm going to like do the initial creation, all that kind of piece and then let the amazing people on our team go and run with the rest.
 So anyway, that's the thought. That's a plan. I hope you guys are doing great. Thanks so much for listening and talk to you all soon.
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast. If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook, Instagram, or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future.
 That'll help me to know what to create for you. Also, Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time.
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe. You can get this gift from Dan and from me right now at nobsletter.com.
 Not only you can get the $20,000 gift, you also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters that will be hand delivered by the Millman to your mailbox each and every month. One from Dan Kennedy and one from me.
 To get this gift and your subscription, go to nobsletter.com right now.
 (upbeat music)
