 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson.
 Welcome to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Now I still am planning on giving you guys
 a huge recap of the viral video event,
 bubble soccer, everything else that went down at the event
 'cause some crazy stuff happened.
 I'm also trying to get permission from Gary Vee,
 let me share some of his presentation with you guys here.
 So that's the game plan.
 If I'm able to do that, you'll see it soon.
 And you'll see my recap soon as well.
 But this week I've got my inner circle here.
 So I'm in there, locked away.
 So what I didn't wanna do is I got the video clip
 from my presentation at the event.
 I'll talk about how to go from zero to $100 million in sales,
 how we did that by using sales,
 funnels and growth hacking.
 And it was a shorter presentation,
 but I think it was really, really cool.
 I'm sure I talked really, really fast.
 I was also really tired.
 I had only slept one hour the night before.
 So if it doesn't make any sense,
 that's kind of the context of why.
 But hopefully I'll give you guys some ideas
 about how to scale company.
 You hear me talk about the dot com secrets book a lot,
 like whoever can spend the most money
 to acquire customer wins.
 And sometimes when you hear that,
 it's kind of depressing,
 I have a lot of money, so I'm not gonna win.
 And that's how I felt,
 especially when we launched ClickFunnels
 and we're competing against two companies,
 one that had like $40 million in funding,
 one that had over 100 million.
 How do you do that?
 And this presentation shows you how we did it.
 So after we do the little marketing secret intro here,
 I'm gonna pick right up with my presentation from the event.
 I hope you love it.
 Thanks so much and we'll talk to you guys soon.
 - So the big question is this,
 how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take our venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast,
 we'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 (upbeat music)
 I put together this presentation 'cause,
 like I said, the biggest question I get,
 especially from people that are building their own companies
 is like, how in the world have you grown ClickFunnels so fast
 without having any money, any capital, any outside funding at all?
 And so I put together this presentation this morning,
 I excited one hour sleep last night and then got up
 and I show where it's presentation.
 So, but kind of walking through what we did
 and some of the mindset shifts that I think are different
 that hopefully will help you guys
 as you're growing and scaling everything you guys are doing.
 So, time of my presentation is how we use growth hacking
 and sales funnels to go from zero to $100 million
 in less than three years or a week away
 without taking on any outside funding.
 So kind of the first thing I wanna go over really quickly,
 just for those of you who didn't know
 what I was talking about earlier,
 I'm gonna go over what a funnel is really quick.
 So what is a funnel?
 So if you look at, actually let me step back.
 So the reason why I wanna talk about this is,
 it's been interesting, like,
 I've been doing this internet marketing game
 for 15 years now, so my 15th year in the business,
 selling all sorts of stuff.
 And it's interesting because recently,
 there's been a whole bunch of books coming out
 and like growth hacking,
 it hit all these cool new ways to growth hacking.
 It's funny 'cause as we get the growth hacking books
 and reading, it's like, that's all the internet marketing stuff
 we've been doing for like the last decade.
 And now it's like real businesses are catching on
 and figuring out these things are really, really cool.
 So that's kind of why,
 that's kind of my thought, my presentation is showing
 how like all these funnels things,
 this is the growth hacking, this is the movement,
 this is where things are going that we keep talking about.
 So what's a funnel?
 So to explain a funnel, I think the easiest way
 to begin with is to show you what a funnel is not.
 So this is like a traditional style website, right?
 This is what ClickFunnels is kind of going against
 all the time.
 And most of the traditional website,
 they've all sorts of ads are paying for Facebook,
 YouTube, Google, all these things,
 and they're driving into these websites
 and it's literally like slamming a whole bunch of people
 in their brick wall, okay?
 And I know like, this is how I got started,
 I was trying this thing and it did not work.
 And I always say that a traditional website's kind of like
 having a really bad sales person who's shy
 and all they do is they hand out brochures
 and then pray the person comes back.
 Like that's a traditional website.
 What a funnel is, is basically having the best sales person
 on planet earth come and meet the person in the front door,
 find out their name and walk them through the process,
 find out what they want, how they want it,
 and give them exactly what they want.
 So that's kind of what a sales funnel is.
 Now my whole philosophy and business kind of,
 like I told you guys in the last presentation,
 like when we started ClickFunnels three years ago,
 we had two major competitors that we were looking at.
 Number one had just gotten $43 million in funding
 and number two had just had over $100 million in funding.
 And I'm coming in with me and Todd
 and we're bankrolling it with our big old credit cards
 and we're like, okay, we're going against these huge giants
 that have hundreds of millions of dollars,
 how are we gonna win?
 And one of my first mentors Dan Kennedy,
 he used to say this all the time,
 he said, whoever can spend the most money
 to acquire customer wins.
 And so I'm looking at these companies
 that have $100 million in funding,
 I'm like, I'm screwed, I'm not gonna be able to win.
 These guys can outspend me every single day.
 And I started looking at this more and more
 and I didn't get it at first.
 Like it took me a couple of years before I understood
 this concept of whoever can spend the most money
 to acquire customer wins.
 And like I told you guys before,
 I went to college here at Boise State
 and I wrestled here and I used to carry my buddies
 on my back up and down the football stadium
 every single day before practice.
 Like this is my hometown.
 And so here in Boise, one thing we're famous for,
 those who are not from Idaho,
 is we're famous for potatoes.
 And the very first product I ever put together
 was a DVD teaching people how to make potato gun.
 And you probably heard me tell a story before,
 but it was a DVD is how to make potato guns.
 I set it up online, I was learning about internet marketing,
 it was really simple.
 I had a one page website and I had Google ads,
 that's all that we did back in the day.
 So I went to Google and started buying ads,
 I was spending about $10 a day in Google ads
 and I was selling a $37 DVD on how to make potato guns.
 So I'd spend $10 a day on ads
 and I usually average about one sale per day.
 So Russell as a college kid was making a whopping $27 per day
 profit I was putting into my pocket, which was pretty awesome.
 And that was kind of my beginning.
 And then what happened is a little while into this whole game,
 Google shifted how everything worked
 and I got in big, big trouble and all of a sudden,
 literally overnight, my website was the same,
 but I went from spending $10 a day
 and I had to $50 a day overnight.
 And so I sent it $50 a day,
 I sent it to the exact same website,
 but I was only making one sale, the same thing.
 And so I was losing $13 a day.
 And my beautiful wife after about three or four days of that
 said, you have to stop.
 This is not a good business, this is really, really bad.
 And so we stopped and eventually had to cut up our credit cards
 and I thought I missed the bubble and I dang it, we missed it.
 And those are actually real pictures of us
 cutting up our credit card back in our first home.
 About that time I had a friend who was also in the business
 and he came back and he said, Russell, I think I figured this out.
 He said, my little website, he had the same problem,
 Google raised the prices, algorithms changed and like,
 and all of a bunch of my friends all got out of business,
 one of my friends came back and he's like, I figured it out.
 He's like, I started adding in these things.
 He called them OTOs, which stands for one time offer,
 but basically it upsell.
 He said, I started adding upsells to my products
 and I started making more money from every customer.
 And now I'm able to afford my ads again.
 I turned my ads back on and I was like, that's cool.
 But I don't know how--
 how can I do that?
 I don't know how to do that.
 And I was like, why have a potato gundeevide?
 What should I do?
 And he's like, well, people buy potato gundeevide.
 What else do they need?
 How else can you serve them?
 And I was like, well, we could buy them--
 the next piece is they have to buy a potato gun kit.
 It's like to buy pipes and the barbecue nut, all these pieces,
 and so he's like, we should sell a kit.
 I'm like, why don't want to make kits?
 That would be really not cool.
 And he's like, well, see if you can find someone.
 So I ended up finding a guy in Northern Idaho actually
 was dropshipping potato gun kits.
 They had a partnership with him and I made my very first funnel.
 This is my funnel transition.
 So people would buy my DVD and then upsell a $200 potato gun
 kit and we send it out in the mail.
 Now it was cool.
 I turned the Google ads back on back in the day.
 And what happened was I still was
 to pay in the $50 a day.
 But then one out of three people would start buying
 the potato gun kit.
 So you do the math on that.
 One out of three people means I was averaging about $65
 in additional sales from every DVD I got that I sold, which
 meant I was spending about $50 a day in ads.
 And now I was making $102 in ads.
 And all of a sudden it worked again.
 That was magic.
 Literally, when I made that shift,
 I went from losing money to $8 to making $52 a day profit.
 And I was like, this is it.
 This is the biggest thing in the world.
 Now, for me, obviously, potato guns
 is a very small market and I didn't stay there long.
 But the concept of that, like,
 ranked through my head, I was like, this is how it works.
 And my moral that I kind of learned
 from this whole experience was that websites,
 seeing the funnels making me money, websites making me broke.
 And so my obsession for the last decade of my life
 has been this.
 A lot of you guys have been to my events for last decade.
 Teaching this concept and showing it's like, this is the key.
 And so when I started doing this and started realizing it,
 that message I heard from my mentor kept coming back
 and back to my head saying, whoever
 can spend the most money to acquire customer wins.
 That was the key.
 Whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins.
 And so as we came into this game of ClickFunnels,
 I'm looking at these people with hundreds of millions
 of dollars in venture capital behind them.
 And I'm like, how in the world do we compete with that?
 I was like, I can't do it.
 I head for Haggot.
 They can all outspend me.
 But if I can build a funnel that's right,
 I can change everything.
 And if you look at the reason why we have grown as fast
 as we can, it's because we can literally outspend everyone.
 We get-- man, probably three or four times a week
 different people trying to put money into ClickFunnels.
 And most of me just tell them they'll
 put a couple of weeks to entertain
 just because it's interesting.
 I'm curious what they think we're worth.
 And it's really fun.
 So we're at lunch to stay with this group.
 And I'm talking to the guy.
 And he's going through everything.
 And he asks the question.
 They always ask on a shark tank.
 He's like, well, how much does the cost
 to acquire a customer?
 And I was like, I hate when people ask me this question,
 because he's not going to get what I'm going to tell him.
 And I was like, well, when we were running Facebook ads
 to the home page, we spent about $120 to acquire
 a free trial member.
 And he was like, oh, that's amazing.
 He's like, based on that, he's like, what I can do is I
 can go and we can put in $50 million in cash
 and we get this many-- all stuff.
 And I was like, well, we'll-- real quick,
 we actually turn those ads off.
 He's like, you turn those ads off.
 I'm like, yeah, I got to pay for this out of my own pocket.
 Like, I don't want to lose 120 bucks every customer.
 And he's like, well, how are you guys growing so fast?
 I said, well, the reason why is because we have funnels.
 And I explained to him some of our friend and funnels.
 Like, my book funnels and other funnels.
 I said, look, for every single person that
 comes in with my funnels, if they buy one of my books,
 we spend on average about $10 to $12 on a Facebook ads
 or other ad platforms to sell a book.
 But then through that funnel, we average about $32.
 So I said, what happens is that we spend $12.
 We get someone to buy one of our books.
 We make net $20 of cash to put in our pocket.
 And then we introduce them to click funnels.
 So every single customer, before we tell them about click
 funnels, actually pay us money and we put it
 at money in our pocket, is like, that doesn't make any sense.
 And I explained it again.
 And he said, it makes sense.
 He said, three or four times.
 And then he stopped.
 He said, if what you're saying is true,
 so that'll change business forever.
 I was like, that's my whole message.
 That's what we do.
 That's what funnels are all about.
 OK?
 So I'm going to walk you guys really quick through this.
 And then we're going to have Gary come up here in a minute.
 But one of the key concepts you guys need to understand--
 this is a concept we call a break-even funnel.
 Those are my inner circle members who are here.
 We spend a lot of time on this.
 But the break-even funnel is a funnel where you break-even
 so that you can literally get customers for free.
 When you have that, you can grow your company as quick
 as big as fast as you want.
 OK?
 So you spend a lot of time on that.
 So this is what a break-even funnel.
 Where I commit a dollar and advertising in and get at least
 a dollar back out.
 And if I'm good at it, I can get two or $3 back out.
 Now I've got a customer.
 I've got some cash.
 Now we can put them into the other things that we have.
 A couple examples of some of our break-even funnels.
 I grabbed some of some slides this morning.
 I'll show you examples.
 So this is my Doccom Secrets book.
 This is a couple months ago, Stats.
 We got about 5,400 leads.
 We sold 2,395 books.
 Our average cart value during that time was $30.81.
 So we spent $45,000 in ads.
 We made $52,000 in sales.
 So our profit was $7,763.
 Now most people, we looked at a company that our size.
 You're like, that's a waste--
 like you just wasted a lot of-- you made $7,000.
 That's not that big of a deal, right?
 But that was to get customers.
 We got 5,400 people that then the next week
 we were going to say, hey, by the way,
 this is this really cool thing called ClickFunnels.
 And I got paid $7,000 to get those 5,400 people into my list.
 That was one of our front-end products.
 This is a split testing book.
 Same kind of thing.
 We had 2,000 leads.
 It came last month.
 1,300 books sold.
 Average cart value is $12.
 Ads spent is $4,000.
 Sales is $18,000.
 So we made $13,000.
 But we got 2,000 people.
 Then now we can introduce the ClickFunnels.
 So we got paid to get all these customers.
 One more example is webinar.
 Same kind of thing.
 Leads, sales.
 I'll go through this quickly.
 The same thing made $4,000.
 We got $6,600 customers.
 We introduced into ClickFunnels.
 Now if you walk through those three funnels alone,
 and we have about a dozen or so front-end funnels
 we use in different platforms and things.
 Last month from this, basically our front-end revenue
 is $96,000.
 Our ad cost is $81,000.
 We netted and whopping $14,000.
 Most of the people think, man, we're
 with a company with 120 employees.
 Like, you're going to go broke fast, right?
 But what's amazing about that is that that brought in literally
 30,000 to 40,000 new people into our world
 who then we took them through the rest of our sequence.
 They're introduced to us.
 Now we can go and we can build a relationship with them.
 We can talk to them.
 We can serve them.
 We can help them understand what we do, what we believe.
 And they introduce them into our other products and our services.
 And for us, obviously that is ClickFunnels.
 And so if you look at that, what that means for us
 is that we literally get almost 1,000 new trials for free
 every single day by clockwork.
 And that comes back to TalkBait Forward.
 That's how we're able to grow so fast
 because we can literally--
 we can outspend everybody in our market.
 There's nobody else that we can do that.
 And it was cool that for you guys, whatever business you're in,
 that's the key.
 OK, remember, whoever can spend the most money
 to acquire customer wins, and when you figure that out,
 it makes you can grow really, really quickly.
 Any kind of business, any kind of venture, anything you want to do.
 And so that, you guys, is how we use growth hacking and sales phones
 to go from $0 to $100 million in just three years
 without taking on any outside funding.
 Thank you.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually
 doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free Behind the Scenes
 reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
