 Hey, what's up everybody this Russell Brunson is late night and in the office and I got another episode of marketing stickers podcast for you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everyone, so maybe wondering Russell why are you going off to get late tonight?
 This is an exciting one
 There's just not enough hours in the day and I love my kids
 And so because that I leave every day at 3 o'clock for wrestling practice
 Which means I cut my day off by like two hours, which means I got squeezed in somewhere
 Especially right now. We're trying to change the world. It's insane, but I'm pumped because
 What I'm doing tonight is literally
 Going to free me. It's interesting
 I was thinking about tight little piz's house and we're talking about click funnels
 This is right after shortly after we had passed our hundred first hundred million dollars in sales and
 second him and Alex mayor who's one of his business partners and and they were like
 They asked how many sales people work to click funnels. I smiled as like it's just me right now. They're like what?
 Like how did
 You do that
 How's it just you and we kind of laughed?
 And if you want to know how I did that obviously go to the middle
 We're in the middle of our product launch right now 10x seekers calm or depending when you get this maybe the launch will be over in the product
 We gone but if it's still available go to 10x seekers calm
 That's how is really good presentation spoke for a masses and did that for the last four years, right?
 but
 Eventually one becomes tired and one tries to figure out how am I going to scale this without me is it even possible and
 It's funny last year by this time we decided we're gonna start trying to build out a speaker team
 And so we found who I thought was gonna be the right person to be the first test person and to grow it and
 Turned out really really bad and that's as far as I'm gonna go into that
 but kind of made me just walk away from the last year and and not want to do it thinking
 What's the possible and there's no way I can replace myself Russell right because of the bad experience with a bad person
 that we tried to do this project with and
 It's like I give up on it and then the summer we were in Kenya and I meet my I met my friend Pete Vargas and Pete
 told me about
 A project he worked back on a few years ago
 It's just one of the survivors or the one of the people that passed away and call him binary
 I can't remember the exact story. I'll probably mess it up, but that person want to get a presentation and like
 The super inspiring change when people's lives to be heard it and it changed his life
 And so he went to person was like hey, I want to take this presentation on the road and the guys like a candidate behind my family
 He's like what if I be able to speak your team of people and went out there and we and the speaker team goes out and does all the
 selling in for you and
 Then Pete went behind the scenes did that built a huge speaker team and they went out and ended up having a camera
 a couple hundred speakers traveling all around the world doing presentations every day somewhere in the country given this presentation and was able to get this person's message out to more people and
 Which is exciting and so it kind of really got me excited about
 The project we started a year ago and walked away from which was building out of speaker team
 And so if some some you probably saw on on Facebook live
 Or yeah, I can't even a Facebook live with Pete talking about concept bill on speaker team had people apply
 We're getting like over
 250 a deep deep deep deep applications that came in which were insane
 from that we had all those people take my slide deck and go make their own version and pitch it and
 Do the webinar and then send it back was to see how how they did and from that we have a 50 or so people that submitted thing back
 So right there's you know with that
 One out of five or four out of five just gave up that fast. We asked them to do some work
 so
 And then from the 50 came back with all of them and they we picked the top
 20 and tomorrow the top 20 you're gonna be here Boise and we're doing a two-day speaker training with them to teach them all my pitch
 And so I'm in tonight just cleaning up the slides and getting ready for tomorrow
 Because tomorrow morning, I'm gonna basically give the presentations if I'm one of them
 So I'm doing the funnel hacks presentation without being Russell
 To be one of them so they can see what it sounds like how you do when you pull yourself out
 So I have to tweak the slides a little bit when we're adding some stuff in and during the 10-ex launch
 It's kind of fascinating. We did the upsell interview a bunch of people like Arm and more and who invented the stack and
 There's some things I do in my stack he doesn't do that I like but there's some things he did
 I didn't do that. I love something I'm going back in weaving some of those things into
 Into this as well and yeah, it's just some some super super cool things
 So that's more kind of nice to get that in place
 And so the reason I'm sharing you this is because I think all of us and me included
 We think that what we have is a superpower and we're the ones that can do it
 So every time you try to think about scaling you're like I can't because it's me and I can't scale me because I am a rock star, right?
 and
 What this is like you see like it all the things I've done in this business the thing that's like
 I don't know how to code right like Todd and Ryan all the genius so they do all the coding for ClickFunnels like
 I don't know how to do customer support I can't do most things but the one thing that's like my unique ability is
 creating a presentation and then delivering that presentation right and
 Up to this point it's been me doing that and it's just the point now it's exhausting
 I can't keep doing I did a webinar a week every single week for you know years
 And then I spoke or on the country around the world doing this for a long time
 And I just can't physically do it anymore man
 What if we had 20 people who are on the road every single month?
 It'd be 20 or 30 presentations happening around the country every single month which is
 Really exciting. So that's what we're working towards when we're trying to do
 But it's me literally replacing myself and cloning myself and training and teaching them my pitch and my script and how it works and
 Building out this entire speaker team. So it's it's really exciting
 And so what are you guys who have ever thought the same thing the same thought that I have is like
 Oh, if I could just clone myself. Oh if I could just whatever realize that you actually can
 But take full of work. So I'm just clicking a button and having the clone sheet pop out the other side of the machine
 Right, it's like you have to actually do something
 But if you do it it can free yourself and so that's why I'm coming late tonight to pin the sex efforts
 I told my wife my kids I'm saying like look this is like my retirement
 I'm gonna be you know right now I speak a couple times a year next year I'm speaking at Grant Cardone's 10x event
 So it'll be 35,000 people so like I can't say no to that
 But that's it. I'm not speaking anywhere else next year
 And so because of that we're we're plugging in these speakers and it's gonna be it's gonna be amazing
 So that's the goal now is to train them on my presentation in my pitch and to get them
 learning it and understanding it and mastering it and presenting it and
 Sure, they may not close the same percentage I do but if they can close you know 75% as well as I do
 Man, we got 20 of them and I don't have to leave my house
 That's that's the best clone I've ever seen so that's the game plan so with you my question for you is
 What is your unique superpower?
 And could you clone yourself if you had to if you had to listen to Russell and say looking four years from now
 You're gonna be a spot where you're gonna try clone yourself
 What would you do now?
 I wish that I would have done the speaker team thing the first year
 Can you imagine like since ClickFunnels first came out if I would have stopped for a month build out a speaker team and then sent 20 people out on the road
 Said just me. I mean I but we might not be at a hundred million might be it
 Who knows a billion by now?
 And so for you because you're everything all well four years time Russell I'll start trying to figure out clone myself
 What if you did it today? What would you have to create? What would you have to put together?
 What would you have to figure out? Who would you have to find what would their skill set need to be?
 To be able to replace your skill set can't it's cool by this is I don't have to get them to write them webinars
 They're just taking mine. They said if you get a presenting and standing on stage and following the script and doing it with enthusiasm and energy and excitement
 I'm and they can do that then they'll they'll crush it, right?
 and so
 Anyway, I'm excited. We'll see how it all goes, but that's the plan. So for you guys
 That's my question for you. How could you clone yourself if you had to?
 think about that and
 ponder on it because
 That's gonna be the the question you have to ask in the answer to figure out if you want to get true freedom
 All right guys appreciate y'all thanks so much for listening and we'll talk to you guys all soon
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm seekers
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
