 Hey, hey good morning everybody this Russell Brunson and welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I'm gonna give you an update about the rewrite of all of the secrets books what's happening and one of the big things that I learned this time
 right in the books
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so I hope you are all doing amazing first off I am heading in it is
 the Wednesday before Christmas and tonight is my due date I have to turn in the rewrite of
 the expert secrets book today
 So some context for those who have my pay attention or whatever is basically I wrote the traffic secrets book this year
 It's only live and we got a new publisher and they said I could
 Anyway, I basically bought the rights back to the first two books
 Move new publisher and then we thought we always choose all hardbound because that'd be really cool
 And I was like we should do a box that that people cool and I kept freaking out
 And then I'm like well if we're gonna make a whole box set and you're you know a new publisher
 Yes, okay
 if I add some stuff to the books I sure go for it and then
 insane perfectionist Russell came in and I took the dot-com stickers book which started 58,000 words
 I deleted 30,000 of those words and then I wrote an extra I don't end up being over 94 thousand words
 And then I've done the next same thing with the extra secrets book. It was 60,000 words. I deleted
 I can't believe it's 74 pages like Microsoft Word style pages and now about 84,000 words
 And I haven't finished it by tonight. So it's been
 Yeah, most people like write a book once in their life. I've written three basically in the last six months
 It's just stupid. Don't I don't think oh Russell. That's so awesome. No, no, it was really really dumb
 That's not a good thing. That is a really bad thing. It is wrecked my
 My emotions it is wrecked my sleep is direct my adrenal glands, but it all ends tonight
 Ah so excited so I'm gonna take a nap. It's gonna be awesome. I'm really looking forward to it
 So some of you guys think like well Russell, what are you rewriting the first two books? Really?
 Yeah, right a couple things the number one is throughout time your
 Processes your framework to things evolve right? So there's that like like I wrote the dot-com
 So you're both nice, but the next three years teaching it to a million people when you're teaching over and over and over and over
 And over and over and over on the world you get different insights like oh this makes more sense
 So this is a better way to do it. So it's like updating all those things
 Second thing is just the things evolve right the market evolves things you learn along the way so you know adding those things in but the biggest thing
 I've found is that
 I've changed how I not have I've changed but I've my ability to tell stories has gone up right
 After experts secrets we talked about story and then I went and you know for the next two years since that book came out
 I've been telling stories with a lot more
 Intention right because I in the book I talked about the heroes to journeys and I mapped out the the processes and I became better
 That's why I became better telling stories and and I tell more stories now because of that and in the process
 I've learned how to tell better stories and also it's funny someone back and
 just for example with
 with
 With expert secrets I was reading the chapter about the stack right folks read the book
 No stack and I read in in the intro paragraph. I was like this is a technique called the stack
 I learned from this guy named Armin Morin who I saw one time in event closed with a thousand people closed half the room
 It was really cool. This is what he taught me like it was like two sentences and was like
 Boring story right so like for example I came back
 I said I need to make this engaging and entertaining exciting so that so that when I deliver you this gem
 You know how valuable it is right a lot times
 And I've been you know going back to these last two books
 I'm realizing this is my mistake because I was like here's some gold here like oh thanks
 And you miss the point of it right and so I took that little two sentence
 Introduction about how Armin taught me the stack and turned it into three pages in I guess Google box three Google back pages
 Probably be five pages in an actual book and told that story the way should be told go through the back
 So you know the back story the journey the epiphany
 the framework the
 The achievement like the whole thing I told a whole story in this depth and detail and excitement and then you're like oh my gosh
 This is amazing. Then I'm like here's the gold
 Your mind is more open to you more prepared because you believe that thing is is true
 And so one of my big aha's that I've been having as I've been doing this process over the last six months
 and and especially you know now then down to the to the wire is just
 Reaffirming the importance of story so often we just tell somebody the the gold nugget
 It's almost like casting your pearls before swine that they don't they don't believe it
 They don't have faith and they don't whatever whatever that thing is right
 And so look at like alright, thanks and you know you understand like this
 This is so important for you to understand but they miss it and so we come back and we start with the story
 The story about how we either learn the thing or we earn the thing
 When you tell that story it creates value in the thing you're about to share and shows like oh my gosh
 I just want to do a lot to understand this and you listen with different ears when they listen with different ears
 They're more likely to to accept it and to hear it and to take action on it
 And that's why those stories are so important
 So when you read the new version of the book you'll notice there's a lot more story throughout every single chapter
 I lead every chapter with the story about how I learned or how I earned the topic and the idea and then and then I give you the thing
 And so I think that's my big takeaway for you guys today is next time you're gonna teach somebody something
 Before you just stop and say how did I either learn this thing or how did I earn it right through trial there?
 I learned it. I earned it. How did I do that and say and then stop and then tell tell people that story
 Before you tell them the gold nugget and if you do that when you deliver the when you deliver the goods
 They will be much more impressed. They'll be more prepared for it. They'll be ready for it and more likely to actually implement it
 I wrote a section in the book yesterday
 It's just about different strategy and tactics right and I'm doing a webinar teaching the strategy of how to do something
 But I never go into the tactics and people are like well
 why don't you teach the tactics because the reason why is because if I can't get you to believe that the strategy is true
 You know the tactics don't matter right like I'm gonna go to war with you
 I'm like all right. This is what we're gonna do and I walk through the tactical
 You're gonna march through the grass over here and you're gonna go shoot the guy over here and they're like wait
 What like they're not if they don't believe the overarching strategy not bought it on the strategy
 You're never gonna do the tactics right and so for
 So if I'm if I'm an army general I come to you like hey
 This is the strategy we're trying to do we're gonna try to flank them on this side
 We're gonna do this when this and everyone's gonna attack from this side. That's what's gonna happen. Oh, that's amazing
 Like I see the strategy behind it now
 I can give you the tactics and you will bust your butt to go do the tactics and execute them perfectly because you understand the strategy right
 The same thing true like in a webinar like when I'm on stage selling
 I'm not trying to teach you the tactics
 I'm trying to get you to believe in the strategy if you believe in the strategy
 Then when I give you the tactics you will go crazy for it
 You will you will you will move mountains if it needs to be because you understand the strategy and so when I'm selling
 I'm teaching strategy you believe the strategy here's the strategy of the perfect webinar
 Here's the strategy of funnel hacking is a strategy of how to get traffic and you're like oh my gosh
 I get it and if I can get you to believe that we fall we knock down any false beliefs around the strategy
 Then I can hand you the the tactics and you'll build a run with them
 So anyway, I'm not sure if that makes sense out of context you read the book you're going to be like oh my gosh
 This is amazing
 Those are things I've been getting out on thinking about a lot recently. So what's the story about you learned how you earned it?
 And when you share again, and that's the same thing when I'm coming like the way I get people to get belief in the strategies
 I tell my key here's here's the framework
 Here's the strategy what we're gonna do and I sell you on that
 You know I need to believe by telling you the story how I learned how I earned it how I figured it out
 And then people like oh my gosh
 It's amazing to put a lot of time and effort and thought into this
 I would have had to go to all these things to understand the strategy. She's gonna give it to me. I'm body
 I'm gonna do that strategy
 Boom now they're body on the strategy now. I can deliver the tactics now
 I can give them the gold nuggets and I can do all those kind of things
 But it's all about getting them to to believe
 The framework you delivered them first and that comes back to telling the story about how you learned or how you earned it
 So anyway, it's so much fun. I love this game
 Anyway, I can't wait if he is getting a book stay all go live may 5th
 We have a secret surprise coming along with it
 But I can't even tell you about if you think the books are cool the super surprise gift is even cooler
 But I had a wait for I can share with you
 So that's like I guys appreciate you all I'm in the office today in my last day wish me luck
 But have you hear this I will be done writing but I still need still need the wishes because there's still a lot of work to do
 So wish me luck and I will talk to you. Bye everybody
 Hey, this is Ruffling in and really quick
 I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with
 5,000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you who think like you who believe like you have vision like you if you
 Like to do that then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live. It's coming up very very soon
 If you don't ever take a shit you go to funnel hacking live calm
 And it gives you the ability to leave your home leave where you're you're trying to create and dream and come to a place
 With a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe like you who see visions like you of what they can create what they can become
 Fun liking live is not just a marketing event
 It's not just a personal development event
 It's both those things wrap into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So I'll make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me
 I go to funnel hacking live calm your tickets
 We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well and after you get tickets you will be there with 5,000 other insane crazy fun
 The funnel hackers talking about a girl their business sharing all the best marketing seekers things are working today
 You got to go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live calm. Thanks so much, and I'll see you in Nashville
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
