 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope you guys have an amazing day
 I had a really fun interesting week
 Working with Dan Kennedy's company magnetic marketing and whole much other cool things
 some he has may or may not have heard that we acquired his company recently and
 With that we got 40 years of intellectual property and so this episode we're talking about kind of what we're doing with it
 All what it's gonna look like why I'm so excited and a whole bunch of other cool stuff
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so number one how cool is this
 You pinch you myself when I first got in this game my first mentors
 My first internet mentor where it was marked right now
 Which helped get me to a certain level and then I started looking for more stuff
 And that's when I bumped into Dan Kennedy and Bill Glazer and I started going to their mastermind groups and their events and
 Man, it really was like the next evolution for me is just really understanding these core principles and things that have been working since the beginning right like
 I always kind of tease you know these guys are teaching, you know how to use
 You know fax machines and and the pony express to deliver marketing messages
 You know a lot of it was like, you know
 Directed mail boot camps and stuff like that like all kind of older school stuff
 And at first it didn't make sense to me how this stuff worked until really I started realizing
 through Dan that like
 You know these things that that we all think we are like we think we're internet marketers
 He's like no no no no it's like the internet is a channel. It's a media channel
 You know a lot of us we think like Facebook Instagram YouTube is media channels, but for Dan's rules like on the internet's one channel
 There's direct mail there's TV. There's radio. There's internet is a channel and nowadays obviously it is I think the best and then you know the coolest channel
 But the principles and the philosophies and the psychology and the persuasion and all the things that that are working today on
 On the internet are things were pioneered and developed through direct mail through TV through radio
 And so so much of Dan stuff. He's had a chance to work, you know with everybody in the last 40 years
 Actually 40 not for the last 40 years
 Has been just kind of all around these these things and it's just like
 anyway, so I digress like
 Again when I was getting into it, I started learning those things and also I was like
 Oh my gosh
 Like the things I'm learning that they did in their fax marketing or their direct mail
 I can use on internet I can use on Facebook ads like and use and for me really was what changed my my business and
 honestly for most of you guys your business as well I just probably don't even know that the
 The core foundations that clickphones were built on were the principles that I learned from Dan Kennedy and
 We just turned it into software and turned it something that every could do so that's why it's so exciting and we recently acquired the company and
 Which is a huge honor for me because I have this unique opportunity and chance now to take my mentor stuff and to
 To continue to honor and bring it into the future and I'm excited
 so
 This week on Monday, Tuesday this week we had the existing night at marketing team people that are still there the company flat here to Boise
 And we spent two days kind of figuring out like what's the plans?
 What's the future?
 How do we how do we get this thing back to the point where there's you know 10,000 active members on membership and there's all these things that are happening and so
 As they showed up we all set a chance to look at like okay, what do we actually what do we actually acquire?
 What's all the intellectual property and and it's insane. There's 40 years of stuff
 and some's not relevant and so we're kind of sifting through those but most of it is like some of the best stuff ever and
 It's it's cool because we were building out funnels and looking at these courses that you know
 They've been selling for twenty five hundred dollars or three thousand dollars or five thousand dollars
 It's just like and they're not selling a lot of them like us because they should be packaged differently
 But I also think that the you know pricing is different nowadays than it was you know 15 20 years ago even and so what's gonna
 Be cool is we're taking you know Dan's written. I don't know 20 30 books
 We're taking each book when we're figuring out what courses sync with it what content fits in in this process and we're building out new funnels like
 You know book funnels that take people through all the the products and the courses and the events that Dan did
 Really do each book like every book he wrote he wrote a book and then they do in it
 They do an event teaching it and then they would do workshops and they do all these things
 And so every book has got like an archive of stuff that nobody's ever seen before which is insane
 And I'm like going through the archives like oh my gosh like I thought I heard everything Dan ever had and I never seen this
 Never heard of this and like and so it's just so exciting. We're having a chance to come pull things out
 And plug them in and all these things but
 You know as excited and nerdy as I am in this process
 The thing I wanted to kind of share with you guys is that the things that you are learning the principles you are learning the things that you've been
 Especially even you know going deep with me and you've been reading doc on secrets expert secrets traffic secrets like literally all we're doing is using that playbook
 I'm coming in to this company where I learned a lot of these principles with but you know the company's been sold twice
 Since Dan and Bill kind of ran it
 So they've fallen away from a lot of the the core principles that they made them great initially
 And so what we're doing literally is like hey, what's the value ladder? Okay? What is the front-end offer?
 Okay, here's the funnel like what do we need? What's what's the free-flow shipping? What's the order form bump?
 What's up so on? I'll sub cell - what's down so that you know like walking through the cash somebody's this
 Where's next up we take them? What's what's next here on the value ladder? How do we move them up one tier?
 You know and then okay from there with what content you can what pieces and what kind of just literally just taking the same blueprint that you guys
 Have been learning forever and I kind of laid the blueprint out these guys like this is the blueprint
 It doesn't deviate doesn't change it's the same for every business
 I don't care if you're selling info products or coaching or physical products or dental hide, you know cleaning people's teeth or if you are doing
 chiropractic adjustments or it doesn't matter it's it's all the same the frame works the same right?
 It's like a house like like the frames where the frame works the same you have a bathroom you have a kitchen
 You're gonna have a you know
 It doesn't matter if you're making a 30,000 out house or 30 million dollar house like the frame works the same
 And so we're just bringing out same frameworks
 You guys have been learning a setting and then up taking all of the pieces the content the copy that
 The assets and everything just plugging it into that framework. So I wanted to to share that with all you guys because
 I know that you know and I'm probably one of the the cause of the fake is so excited and I want to launch that thousand funnels
 Because I know the process. I know how I work. I can I can just do it over and over again
 And so you roll out a lot of things
 But if you actually look at this strategy, you know me coming into this new company and like having 40 years of intellectual property
 New million courses and products and all this stuff like like the strategy is the same
 It's the same thing. So like five of you guys and you're so like not sure what to do
 Start there start with the dot-com secrets book read the book. Okay. What's the value ladder?
 What's funnel number one what's offers inside of funnel number one, you know and coming back to the basics?
 I have people it's crazy on Instagram
 I don't see as they ever click over to the other tab which is like messages. Don't go in your inbox
 I looked at that probably once a week or so just to see if I'm missing any
 conversations with people who I need to be having conversations with
 And I look over there just to make sure I'm not missing anything and and it's crazy is I will tell you that each week
 they're probably
 anywhere from 20 to 50 people the message like oh yourself so good. Where do I start? I'm like, oh right. Hey, I
 Love yourself. I can't figure how to get started. What should I do like? Oh my gosh? Like you guys
 It's a simple like read book number one. That's why I wrote the first book
 So you'd have the foundation go read.com secrets the same thing that we're doing now after we acquired this huge company
 It's like okay apply principles. It reminds me of
 Vince Lombardi this is the first year of every football season you walk out to his team or the best in the world
 You know he'd hold up a football by gentlemen. This is a football right and he's just showing like here's the foundation
 Here's the beginning. Here's like that. You know the the start of this
 I think that's what sometimes we forget is we're trying to figure out the secret ninja Facebook advertising hack and the
 This and that it's like no no no come back to the found fundamentals come back to the foundation
 Gentlemen, this is a funnel right okay, which funnels it value ladder boom boom boom
 And he's just plugging the pieces into the model that's been proven to work over and over and over again for decades
 and
 I said initially it's the stuff I learned from Dan and I learned from Bill and such an honor to have a chance to come back in fact
 It's funny because I was like you know
 I'm going back to that the advertising archives were pulling all the old cells that are back from a Dan and Bill around the company
 It's like okay. This is what we need to see because this is when it was done correctly
 You know everything in the last decade since
 Yes, some of the other people who who bought the company did they they messed up the modeling didn't understand the model
 They bought it and understanding it and they jacked the whole thing up
 We're coming back thinking back the foundations back to the fundamentals like what worked before how does this work plug in the system?
 And so I'm excited you guys will see
 The first iteration what we're doing will be launching
 Probably the first week in January or maybe the last week in December not quite
 Positive but like around there and then over the next 12 months. You'll see the process. You'll see it happening in real time
 You'll see oh there's a front end of the valley that oh he's moving us up a step
 Oh from there. We're we're moving to the high ticket. Oh from there's a continuity like you'll be able to see it
 Rolled out in real time over the next 12 months, which would be really fun
 So I'm pumped. I'm excited. Hope you guys are as well to kind of see behind the scenes of the process
 But that's what we did this week. So for you guys if you are at the beginning of your business
 I would stop what you're doing go reread.com secrets and then do what we just did do today planning meetings
 Okay, what's our value ladder? What's the funnels? What do they offer inside the funnels?
 What's the first funnel we're gonna launch and then just focus on that because we built out a whole value ladder?
 This is the thing that a lot of people make mistake the build a value ladder
 And they're like okay
 I gotta build all these things and then they spend the next six years building all things
 No, you build the value ladder
 So you know we were going right, but then you just build the first thing like for us
 It's okay now. We're going to now next three months only three matters is this funnel
 That's it nothing else matters and blinders on let's go and that's what we're focusing on
 The next well it shouldn't take three months because we're click funnels come on now
 But you know the next 30 days next 60 days is picking the one and focusing on it
 And not trying to build out the coaching program
 I take it and I always think in between the second I know just just focus on the one like the value ladder there
 So we know where we're going but we begin with one funnel and then launch it and then we start the process from there
 So anyway, I hope that helps
 Again, if you're speaking go read the dot com six book take two days with your business partner family or friends
 Whoever you're working with and map that out if you've got a business that you just acquired and you're trying to figure out do that if you are
 struggling in business and you're like it's all chaos and
 Nothing's working in your frustrated. I take two days and do this
 It's the it's key. So hope helps you guys
 Anyway, we're getting close to Halloween. We've got my inner circle. We some you guys know we relaunched inner circle
 Fm. I can live we actually really launched three different tiers first the inner circle for life, which is
 $50,000 a year and we have
 I think like 70 or 80 people signed up for that which is crazy
 But I'm excited to be able to bring back inner circle spend close for two years
 And then we open a second tier of inner circle called the category Kings
 and we
 We started the pricing there at $150,000 a year and I thought it was and there's only 14 spots
 I was like, oh it's pretty things. You know, wow, they filled that up
 We sold those 14 spots in two days and we have a waiting list of probably 30 people who are waiting to be able to send me
 $150,000 that which isn't saying I didn't
 Think that was gonna happen. So
 No to self I should have launched two tears of category or two
 category Kings groups anyway, not this year. I'm too tired
 And then we have a third tier called the Atlas group, which is gonna be
 I know people are waiting list. We haven't like actually opened that one yet and it's gonna be really fun as well
 So anyway, I'm excited because next week is the all next week got five days of meetings with the the first two tears of inner circle
 And it's gonna be a lot of fun. So
 Anyway, I'm sure I'll probably box kids or not box. You'll probably do podcasts up
 So somewhere during that window next week and share some of the insights and ideas and things are happening there. So and if you
 Want to be in this circle someday, I always help people like this is where you're sending to like getting my inner circle
 That's where we have a chance to work really close in very small groups with you guys
 So that is a goal nowadays you have to be too common for winter to qualify for so set that as a goal
 He is in common club and then get in the inner circle with us and coming out because a lot of fun stuff happening
 All right
 Thanks everybody appreciate you all for listening and excited to show off what we're gonna be doing behind the scenes with
 Magnetic marketing and getting these company over the next 12 months. Thanks everybody and we'll talk to you
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay now the phone over you text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting communities
 I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
