 Hey, what's up everybody welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today. I am streaming to you from
 Bear Lake, which is my family's vacation. We've been doing every year now for 15 years and I got a message for you today about
 identity shifts we've talked about them a lot in the past but I want to tell you practical application and how it's working my life right now
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so
 If you've been hanging out in my world for a little while you've probably heard us talk a little bit one time or another about identity shifts
 In fact two years ago at funnel hiking live. Mr. James P. Frill got on stage and he shared a really cool story about
 about identity shifts and
 I'm hoping that funnel hiking live that we're able to go this year and the COVID doesn't hit because I got some really fun things planned
 Specifically around identity shifts that I'm hoping we get a do sooner or later because it's gonna be really cool
 but those who watch the two comic club live event I'm actually streamed part of James presentation talking about identity shifts and
 And then and also in the new expert secrets book. I talked about the importance of us creating identity shifts for
 For our followers for our fans for the people who are buying our products and our services and so on it's a big topic and
 It's important and it's it's something fun to kind of think about and talk about
 But if you had a chance to hear James talk about he told the story about
 how
 He wanted to become a drummer and how bad he was in music and everything and but when he said he's like I'm gonna become a drummer
 He didn't say I'm gonna become a drummer and then go and you know
 Practice drums and do little things. He's like if I'm gonna do this. I need to have a complete identity shift
 So he said well if I'm gonna become a drummer, what do drummers do?
 He said well drummers, you know, they have their own drum kit so he buys on drums and drummers they practice and drummers
 They you know anything like he looked like what's the identity of a drummer?
 He's like I need to take on these these roles of a drummer if I'm gonna become a drummer
 Because for somebody who's gonna learn how to play drums. It's really difficult. It's a it's an uphill battle, right?
 It's like somebody wants to learn how to do internet marketing. It's it's a hard battle
 But those who say look I want to become a funnel hacker
 I want to do what funnel hackers do like where they like I want to model them as close as possible because if I do that
 I can become who they are and that's really when the keys with identity and identity shifts, you know, and so it's been interesting because
 those you don't know like I
 Here's my confession for those who don't know and it's funny
 I get people who comment on this a lot from the outside in because they see different ads me
 Go on live Facebook here and there and stuff and and if you haven't noticed like my weight fluctuates a lot
 You know, I've I've struggled with my way my entire life
 mostly because like when I
 When I started wrestling
 You know, I was losing on average my sophomore year was losing 30 pounds a week
 I'd come in and jump on the scale at 160 and by Thursday I had to wait 130 I would do that weekend week out
 You know and basically for the majority of my life through wrestling. That's what I did
 I'd come in every Monday jump on the scale so I weighed and I have to lose anywhere from 10 to 15
 Up to 30 pounds by that Thursday for matches for weigh ins and so doing that for you know
 12 plus years of your life conditions you to have all sorts of weird food issues and problems and things and so
 You know because of that
 I'm very aware of it now and so like I've been doing a lot of things in my life to try to help overcome that and like you know
 Like it's funny because I am probably the healthiest human on this planet from Monday till Friday
 I like I we flawlessly I hit my mackerel. I we nutritious like everything's perfect
 but then just like you know wrestling Thursday night you weigh in you wrestle your match and then you would just
 Go or done everything you could and tell Monday because it's like look I didn't get eat this week
 So I'm gonna eat whatever I want and you need everything everything you get your hands on Monday you come in
 You'd be 30 pounds of weight again and you start the process over and like that's literally been my my struggle my the last
 You know the next 20 years of my life is wrestling is like Monday through Friday in flawless
 I hit all my eating goals with with 100% precision
 Just like I did wrestling where I wouldn't eat or drink and I'd cut 30 pounds a week
 Like I'm flawless Monday through Friday and Friday night. It's like well wanes are done
 Let's go out to eat and then the party begins and then Monday come again jump on scale
 You know I gained 15 15 pounds per weekend. I start the process over and so that's like literally it's been my life for the last 20 years
 So it's funny because people like
 And I'm like wait Russell Michael's cuz this Friday I have lost weight I've lost 10 pounds this Monday
 You know like I go through the cycle and it's just it's it's funny
 And I always get people who notice in the comment of my pictures and my photos and I see them in life
 Like oh, okay, you lost weight. I'm like, yeah, it's because I'm at the end of the week, you know
 It was Monday. They never say that and anyway
 I know that I'm probably gonna get 500 messages from all my fitness buddies and gurus and pals and so
 First off I understand I
 anyway
 Don't try to fix me right now. I promise I have been doing a lot of work on this and I understand it
 I've been getting a lot better
 but one of the big things I've struggled with
 As I've been getting better like
 My eating has gotten really really good. My strength training is not really good, but the cardio side I really struggle with
 I love wrestling. So like I've tried to be more wrestling in fact. I wrestled four
 Four days over last week and half which is which was awesome
 And so adding more cardio in but just still it's hard to get the amount of cardio in you need to be able to be
 Successful with weight loss and getting to what my goals are and things like that, you know, and so
 I was trying to figure out like what can I do and I tried running every time I tried running like I just
 I don't like it by the time I start running and just angry my feet hurt my back hurts
 By the time I'm done, I'm just like upset and then I just don't do it against the next, you know
 Three months six months whatever as long as I can put it out before I'm like, okay, I'll run again. I just struggle and so
 Recently we were out
 We were out
 Lake Powell with some family friends and they're all bikers. I actually have learned since and they're they call themselves cyclists not bikers
 Anyway, but they talked a lot about biking and they go by you know, they're obsessed with it
 And so and as I talked more to them
 It's like, you know benefits of biking versus running as it doesn't hurt, you know, it's better on your body
 You can enjoy it longer and it's all the things right
 That's kind of against it and I got fighting at fighting it
 But then I kept looking like he's supplement between wrestling practices and other things like what something I could do
 That'll be fun and then about the same time
 Mr. James P. Frill told me that
 He got into biking and got a bike and started, you know, doing all the biking things
 And I started thinking about when he said, you know
 I'm gonna become a drummer and he's like he went and bought the drum kits and the things and all the stuff
 He made the identity shift he started in the same thing biking and he bought himself a bike
 And you know got himself a helmet and the fancy shorts off things and he's like, yeah, he had create
 I watched him as he started creating this identity ship away from you know
 Away from what it was like I'm gonna take on this identity
 I'm gonna become someone who is a cyclist or a biker or whatever
 I'm gonna become take on this identity and start watching it
 It was funny because I saw him do this for a couple weeks and next time I saw him
 He lost a bunch of weight and he looked happy and he's like I'm going out. I'm going biking today
 And he's doing like things and I was like, oh my gosh
 Okay, if I want to really be successful with this thing, I can't just keep dabbling
 I can't go running every once in a while. I can't go
 Do you know exercise here?
 And I was like I have to take on the identity of something and if I don't want the identity of a runner like what's the identity?
 I want so I consciously decided I'm gonna take on the identity of a biker and
 Again, I started posting this like I'm a biker and
 All the bikers like you're not a biker bikers people drive hard at least you're a cyclist
 I'm like, I hate cyclists doesn't sound so cool, but anyway, so I kind of flip flop back and forth, but
 Anyways, I'm gonna take on this identity
 I'm like, hey, well, what do bikers you like?
 Well, they have their own bikes and they take their bikes on vacation and they bike here and then they wear the padded shorts
 And they do the things and so they wear helmets which I was super against for a long time
 But you know what cyclists bikers they wear helmets, so I'm like I got a helmet and
 Anyways, crazy since I made this identity shift
 I've gone biking
 Almost every day
 In fact, we brought our bikes on vacation when camping and I went biking every single day on the vacation
 I was like, all right, well, I'm a biker
 So I go I go bike and so I threw out my helmet through my things I took off and
 I've been using straw vid a track which is kind of fun because you can see you know what you do and how far you go and what actually happens and
 I've been doing that and then I shifted over to you know
 We're on our second leg of our vacation which is here in Bear Lake and every morning so far
 I've jumped on the bike and gone on these like hour-long bike rides and by the time I'm sweating and losing calories
 I'm burning and like feeling good and
 I'm actually enjoying it. I'm liking it, but it all started with
 The identity shift, right me not saying I'm gonna go. I'm gonna go try riding a bike
 I'm gonna go try running. I'm gonna go try like I normally would do right. It's me saying, okay
 I am a biker. I am a cyclist. This is something I do now
 And I've started looking at the people who are successful at what do they do? I need a model
 I need to look close that and figure out, okay, this is what people who are successful is what they do
 So they buy it. So they do what they believe this is how they do it and then I need to do it as well
 I need to model as close as I can right?
 I'm probably Robin's you guys heard me say this before but he said if you want to be successful in life and you model those who are already successful
 So if you want to be successful, you need to find someone who's successful look what they're doing
 Right look at the identity they have and then you need to take on that identity
 Right, it's modeling to the next level. It's the identity shift saying look
 This is what this type of person does. I'm gonna model them
 But I need to believe like they do and do what I can do and model what they do as close as I can
 And you shift my identity to where I am that type of a person
 Then it was easy to adopt those those traits and those things right right now
 It's easy for me to wake up and think I'm going biking because that's what bikers do and I'm a biker now or cyclist whatever
 Seriously, it's not nearly as cool as saying I'm a biker, but
 Hiking it for all my cyclist friends. I'm trying to become one of you. I'm gonna shift that identity and become a cyclist. I guess anyway
 So I want to show it to you guys for a couple reasons number one
 In all aspects of life this can be marketing for me. It's it's weight loss, right?
 It's me trying to get consistently happy with my my fluctuation to break my identity of the weight-cutting wrestler
 That's like what cuts late Monday through Friday and then binges Saturday and Sunday
 Uh to becoming someone who's healthy all the time right to becoming someone who rides a bike to become someone who wrestles who lifts away
 If he does these different things right and so it's me shifting my identity and I'm not perfect at it and becoming better at it
 um
 My goals that someday
 Nobody will notice like nobody will tell me like here us a little click lost weight because they won't know I'll look the same all the time
 Which is what I want to do which would be amazing
 um
 Anyway, so
 Anyway, there's some telling you this couple reasons number one
 I want you to think about a part of your life right?
 It could be health could be fitness could be finance could be business could be marketing could be whatever right
 And want you to figure out who is the person that you want to be six like who's already done it
 Who's the successful person who are you modeling right?
 Finding that person and looking at what is the identity that person has right and if you want to be successful like them you got a model
 But even more importantly you got to take on the same identity that they took right modeling is kind of like looking and repeating the motions
 This is the next step. This is saying okay. What do they believe? What do they do?
 How do they do it and then doing it at that deep of a level right?
 And that's first thing and so find something in your life you want to change
 Okay, if you want to become a marketer and the internet nerd like me then you become a funnel hacker
 What a funnel hacker's believe? What do they do? How hard do they work?
 What did when do they work? Do they like what do they study? Where do they read? What do they do?
 Where they network where they congregate? Where they hang out like what do they believe?
 You know those are the things you should be asking if you want to be successful in business
 Okay, do you want to be successful something else go find the person model and understand them and then shift your identity
 Right have an identity shift a conscious or something
 I'm shifting my identity to take on adopt these beliefs. Therefore, I can be successful like the people I'm trying to model
 Okay
 Next thing is to understanding that for each of you guys as business owners and people who are building your own tribes and own following to people
 Um if you want your people to be successful, it's more than just
 Giving them the step-by-step process how to follow you how to do something. Okay, that's the equivalent of me saying
 I'm gonna go turn around and say I'm gonna write about today. I'm gonna go do a thing right
 You have to be able to create an identity shift inside of your customers, right?
 You look at somebody like he came in polling in lady boss. You know, they're success
 Okay, it's not just because they have a good course not just because they've good supplements. They do
 Okay, but it's because when women come into their community the first thing they focus on is the identity shift
 How do we get them to shift their identity? How do we get them to believe and become
 This certain type of person. Okay. How do we get them to become lady bosses?
 Right, that's what they focus on if you look at their marketing look at their onboarding sequences
 Everything is about giving these women an identity shift so much so they change the backdrops of their phones
 To have the lady boss manifesto every morning they look at the thing right
 As a company inside a lady boss you look every morning they have a morning meeting and they shared lady boss manifesto the entire company as a whole goes and shares those things together
 and it helps to
 Get the community the tribe the people their customers like their staff all on the same page. Okay, so if you use the same thing
 I think like what's the idea if someone's gonna be successful following your program or buying your products like what's the identity identity?
 They take on okay for me. They got to become a funnel hacker for Caitlin. They have become a lady boss
 What do they need you for you?
 Okay, and then strategically I start thinking through that
 How do I give these people an identity shift?
 How do I get them to think and believe and do the things they need to do to be successful?
 If you can make those transitions and help them understand them and help them believe them and help them to have their own identity shift
 They're more likely to actually be
 successful so
 That is the key. I hope it helps. I'm gonna do one more thing actually this will be fun
 I'm gonna end up that I'm gonna end this podcast
 I'm gonna have my brother actually pull this so Caitlin Pullen spoke at funnel hacking I have multiple times
 but recently she spoke
 Our season it was two years ago about specifically about identity shift and some of the things she did and I'm gonna actually replay that
 Episode here as a podcast over the next episode. So I will have my brother
 Cue that up for next next podcast now where you can hear some of the things that came this specifically to create this identity shift in her customers
 And in their their lives, and if you ever wonder about their success besides the fact that they're smart they're hardworking
 It's because they understand this principle and they're some of the best in the world at doing it. So I hope it helps
 I appreciate you guys. I'm excited about my new identity shift and
 Hopefully you guys can do this in your own life
 But then also in the lives of your customers and if you can become good at both sides of that
 Being willing to be someone who can shift their own identity to get the things that they want and then help other people shift
 Identity to the help them get things that they want. You'll be more successful in this game
 So thanks you guys. I appreciate you. Hope you enjoyed this episode and I will talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel way
 From quitting your job. So you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts
 And you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand
 This strategy. Help you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause this audio go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
