 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to marketing serious podcast today
 We're gonna be going even a little bit deeper talking about identity
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, I know I talked about this stuff a lot
 But it's on my head on my mind a lot and I think sometimes we talk about a topic and then we're like oh yeah
 I know what that is so the topic we're talking about is identity shifting again
 And I've talked about so many different ways like we talked about it from a marketing standpoint like with your audience
 You got a credit identity shift if you truly want them to move in a following goal setting
 Talk about you have to write a shift if you want to actually you know move and change
 But I had a weird realization over the last 48 hours or so
 Those who don't know my life right now and we're in the middle of wrestling season. They help coach the kids high school team
 so
 every day at
 230 I leave the office and race over the school night and I coach
 It's kind of weird because I'm not the head coach and they're just kind of wrestling my kids and help people and whatever
 but it's it brings back all the memories of when you were doing it right when you were wrestling and when you were competing and
 And for me it was like
 Wrestling was my life like it was it was the only thing that mattered. There was nothing else
 It wasn't like a number two or number three. It was like wrestling and then nothing else
 And it's interesting because I watched the kids now. We've got some really good wrestlers on our team
 But I think it was two days ago maybe three days ago. I had this realization. I said I said that there's a difference between
 people who are wrestling and someone who's a wrestler and
 I was looking because I like most of the people on the team are here and they're wrestling right they kind of practice every day they wrestle then they go
 You know the matches they go tournaments they do stuff in there and they're they they wrestle the wrestling, but
 there's a difference between
 Just wrestling and then those who who are wrestlers
 right and it was interesting because last night my
 High school I grew up in this hillcrest high school in San Dieu top
 Every year there's this rivalry against Brighton high school. We hate Brighton and Brighton's the big no
 It's Hillcrest versus Brighton and
 They I think it's like 40 or 50 years ago
 They started this thing called the battle of the axe and so they have this huge axe and each year whoever wins
 The dual me gets to keep the axe and so when I was a senior in high school we had lost the axe like 13 or 14 years in a row
 And I seen a year we were really good team and my senior year we actually won the battle the axe and
 What's crazy cool is last night
 Hillcrest won the battle the axe again for the first time in 24 years first time since I was a senior in high school
 And so I saw that on Facebook that so I posted it so I got excited and so I started going back through
 All my old video files and I found videos of me wrestling of the battle the axe and then us winning the action
 It's going crazy and videos of the axe and like all these things and so it's kind of fun
 I went and took some little screenshots and some clips to me wrestling and I
 posted on Facebook and
 tagged on my old wrestling buddies and coaches and anyway had a
 You know the last 12 hours have been a lot of nostalgia for me just like seeing my coaches comment my friends and my teammates and
 I just thinking about it. I started thinking like
 This morning again as I was looking at that like
 This this is the identity shift, right?
 There's a lot of people who do wrestling. There's a lot of people who
 Who again they go through the motions they do the thing, but there's a difference like when I was when I was competing
 Like I was a wrestler. What does that mean? Like what does it look like because when they outside it probably looks similar
 But the difference was when I was at you know when I wake up in the morning
 All I was thinking about was how to become better wrestling like I was in school in classes
 That's always thinking about when wrestling practice started. I was there I was I showed up early
 It seems I got in the room we started wrestling started rolling around right as soon as practice ended my dad and show up
 And I would do a second practice every single day and then on the weekends like when we traveled we brought wrestling
 That we literally have wrestling mats that we'd hooked with top my dad's truck when we drive on family vacations
 We'd get the wrestling that's out
 We'd wrestle in the morning before we would go to our you know go on the lake or whatever like I wasn't someone who was wrestling
 I was a wrestler like it's different right it's an identity shift like it was my life
 There was nothing else like it's it is who I was and I look at the the kids
 Who?
 Who are the most successful? It's not the ones who who wrestle that it's the ones who are wrestlers
 Where it is it is who they are it's who they become right and I keep trying to think like
 like how do I still my kids like
 You know in wrestling how do I get you to go from being like oh yeah?
 I'm wrestling like out of wrestling practice like no no no you're something like
 Like if you really want to be the best if you want to be a state champ or a national champ or an all-American or whatever
 The thing is like you have to it's more than this. It's not just doing the motions that everybody's doing
 It's like you have to have this identity shift where you become a wrestler. Well, that's all you do
 That's your full-time job income livelihood thought process like everything is wrapped into that thing
 So what I show this to you guys I share with you guys because
 as I've been now 20 something years teaching
 Entrepreneurship and online marketing and doing this thing. I see that same division
 There are people who start businesses. There are people who?
 Who try to make money? There's people who?
 Whatever right but the people are successful the ones who actually had the identity shift where they have become an
 Entrepreneur they become a publisher they become an author they become they become something different right and you can tell that shift because it goes from like
 Okay, I gotta work on my business day for now or I gotta I block out three hours - this is my obsession
 like I was talking about it with
 Recently I let go some people who have been our company a long time and and I remember for me it was like
 It's tough because I'm like man if if I got fired from this what I do like it's my life like it's not like there's not like a
 There's not like I go to work and then go home and I it's like this is my life
 And this is my life and I'm thinking about time like and then I'm just showering thinking about it
 I'm my home my family like you know, maybe that's wrong
 I don't know it's an obsession, but but like it look at my identity like what am I like?
 I am an entrepreneur. I am a you know, I am a curator. I am a I am like I
 Can give you different different identities that I resonate with but but it's deep. It's it's not a dabble
 It's not you know in fact, I remember
 Just a couple years ago
 Some bass or my email address I gave to him like what's your work email like what's your real email?
 I was like you're talking about and
 They're like well, do you have like a personal email in the work email? I'm like there's no like there's no division
 I don't have a personal life and work life like this is my life, you know, I mean then I was confused because I remember it's one of my team
 You know, I'm assuming now
 I think I've learned sense and that almost everyone has a work email and a personally male
 But for me again, there's no there's not a line between those two things like this is my mission
 This is you know when I was wrestling. I was a wrestler. My mission was was singular focus
 There was one thing since I've gotten out of wrestling and I've become who I am now today
 Like there's no there's no work Russell and home Russell like, you know, there's there's there's Russell and this is who I am
 This is my personality. This is my identity
 Like that's how deep your identity shift has to become
 Right and not that you can't have success without it
 Like people have success they make money. I like those things, but if you really want to like
 To you know in my mind to change the world to do something amazing like it's deeper. It's it's this thing where it becomes you
 That's what an identity shift is it's not saying. Oh, yeah, I wrestle no no no no. I'm a wrestler like you cut me
 I bleed that color right like I was Stephen Larson one time
 In fact, we made a whole t-shirt and a theme out of funnel like in line when you're calling people die-hard funnel hackers
 And his joke was like if you cut me open you see my heart beating inside you'll notice
 There's a blue gear and a red gear like that's how deep I am in this community, right?
 And so we made these t-shirts to die hard funnel hacker and had a beating heart, you know click funnels heart, but like that's again
 That's the kind of like
 Identity shift you have to have and I don't know exactly how to do that or how to have it other than
 It's got to become an obsession
 You know
 I think in our society in our world people talk down about obsessions sometimes
 You know like because there's definitely a negative stigma sometimes and it's tough like as a producer who's who likes to produce it
 I I struggle with people I love around me including my wife and other family members and other people who are just like you got turned off
 You got to stop and I'm like I don't understand what this means
 Turning it off like there's not it's like I'm going to work and I'm leaving work like it's it's who I am
 It's my identity like there's no on-off switch. It's just it is right and that's the that's the level of
 Identity shift you've got to have if you really want to change the world. I remember I think I share this on the last steps
 the last steps with the podcast, but I remember
 there was a
 Wrestling film I used to watch all the time with Tom and Terry brands and it started with my name is Tom brands
 My goal is simple and to be the greatest wrestler in the whole world
 Right and then second guy is my name is Terry brands
 My goal is simple and to be the greatest wrestler in the whole world like that was not somebody who was going to work
 And then going home at night that was someone who
 Who they were trying to change the world and they're trying to be the best
 And I feel like man if you really want to do something great, you got to do that and it's tough for most people because most people aren't had that
 it's interesting like
 You know I had my
 My time when I got to be an athlete which you know for me was from
 You know, I just start wrestling to eighth grade so from eighth grade till you know college, so there's what?
 four years high school eight nine
 Ten so I had a decade Wow had a decade at a decade where my sole focus was being an athlete and everything was there and focused
 And I look at most people it's interesting because now I'm coaching high school wrestling like most people like the only chance to be an athletes two or three years
 Right they started a sophomore maybe freshman that make it four years
 But that's the window that they're an athlete and if they're not great or ever like again that they don't have that identity
 It's just like they do the thing that but they're not you know
 Like they missed that I think for me. I was lucky where I had a decade in my life where I was singular focused
 I had a chance to like
 You know to have that and so for me to go deep on something to be obsessed with something like I had done it before that pattern was in my brain
 It was easy for me to as I switched to business to become like, okay, I'm I'm gonna tackle this with the same
 you know the same
 like fervent energy that I did with
 With wrestling and so I was able to go deep on it where a lot of people have never had that that chance in their life, you know
 They've never
 Gondit they never sacrificed everything they had for something that they that they wanted to get and if you have any life
 It's gonna be kind of hard. It's gonna be hard to even understand like you maybe you've seen somebody who's crazy like me and you've seen somebody
 You know you you get people around you be never experienced that it's like how do you trick your mind?
 How do you train your mind? How do you how do you go deep on it? And I don't know the exact answer other than
 like I think we got to stop thinking about it from a
 from a
 You know go to work it back and more of like this is this is who I am so that becomes
 This is who I serve. This is you know all the all the things related to that
 So anyway, I'm sure so many I think I'm crazy and you're like rolling your eyes
 You're like Russell
 I didn't get in here to try to change the world and try to make some extra money and I get that
 But you will find out very quickly that the money is short-lived and
 and the thing that at least for me and I don't think I'm unique in this I've talked to a lot of
 Successful people
 At the highest levels I've talked to you know the Tony Robbins in the world like people like that
 And it's the same thing. It's like I don't do this for money like I have plenty of money. I do this
 Because this is who I am. I like Tony Robbins is Tony Robbins
 He's not like you know, I go to work and I motivate people no no no no no no no you understand like like Tony is
 like
 I don't know how to explain other than he is Tony like this is his
 His mission his life his and you know, he'll be on his deathbed
 You know running a upw like streaming it in like I don't want to stop like I'm gonna go to the heart stops beating
 Like he's just keep going and keep going, you know, and I think that's me like I
 Deflates me unless I find something different to shift my identity to you, but as right now. I love this
 I love who I serve. I'm obsessed with it like the art is so rewarding and fulfilling to me
 Where like again like well, Russell got turned off like why would you want to turn it off like I can't understand that
 um
 It doesn't it does not compute my brain, right?
 Um, and that's the level of session. I think you really got to have um if you want to be
 Successful anything at the highest levels. So
 um
 Anyway, I again just thoughts in Russell's head that I want to share with you guys
 Yeah, so I hope that helps. I hope you guys
 And for those of you who are like me and um, hopefully gives you permission to be like, you know, it's okay
 It's okay. I'm obsessed
 You know, I gotta be careful because there's a line of obsession where you can lose everything you lose your family
 You can lose your friends and I don't believe in that I would be trying to incorporate
 The people you love most into your mission, right?
 Like my dad was at wrestling practice every day with me
 I'm a mom came to my tournament
 It's like like I was able to incorporate the people I loved in the mission that I was on at the time
 And for like the same things true here, you know, I had to transfer my kids for a lucky life
 We created a whole family event unlock the secrets for our families because I wanted to bring my kids to an event like, you know
 So it's it's like you don't have to do it and lose everything
 Unless you isolate from the people you love it's it's it's like I had to incorporate and bring those people on the on the trip and ride
 With you. So anyway, I hope to help somebody. I appreciate you guys for listening. It means the world to me
 Um, we're working on
 Um, a new funnel hub inside of clickfunnels 2.0 the very first one is gonna is marking secrets.com
 So it's not quite live yet by telling us here this it might be live
 Open next day or two will have it up there
 But it is the first ever funnel hub built on clickfunnels 2.0, which is exciting
 Actually, it's not true. We launched magnetic marketing.com on funnel, um, on clickfunnels 2.0
 So that was the first one. Um, it is live so you can go see it
 Um, you can get chest paid, uh, test paid speeds the paid speeds are insane on it
 Which is really cool. Uh, even though we haven't actually um, turned on all the caching and optimization stuff yet, it's still like
 Way faster than every other page builder. So it's exciting good things are happening
 Um, and do you want to why?
 Because we're obsessed. All right, make sure you guys for listening appreciate you and we'll talk soon
 [Music]
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode
 And what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also, Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money-making information
 For free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no bsletter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your millbox each and every month one from Dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsletter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
