 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 So excited to have you guys back.
 Last episode I talked about identity shifts and how it's helping me in my life and about
 how we try to orchestrate these things inside of the lives of our customers and our businesses
 as well.
 Today's episode I'm going to actually let you guys listen in behind the scenes of Cailin
 Poland's presentation from Funnalocke Live a couple of years ago where she talked about
 the identity shifts that she creates for her customers.
 And if you wonder about why they're so successful on top of all the other amazing things they
 do, one of the biggest reasons is this.
 They are the best in the world at getting their women who come into their programs to
 have an identity shift.
 It was crazy, I've had a chance to see this firsthand in my wife.
 She got into Lady Balas, started buying her supplements and going through things.
 And I watched my wife as she started taking on these identity shifts as well.
 It's been really fun to watch her and her growth.
 But it all came back to Brandon and Cailin, orchestrating these things from the very beginning.
 And how they weave them into their community and what they're doing.
 And it's such a powerful lesson.
 So if that's everyone who load up the theme song and we come back, here's a chance to
 listen in behind the scenes of Cailin Poland's presentation on the identity shift from Funnal
ocke Live.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 You guys are awesome.
 I love your energy.
 We're going to have some fun today.
 A couple more beards that I'm used to seeing in my audience.
 So first of all, thank you Russell for letting me take over your stage today that takes a
 brave man, a very brave man.
 And you know, what's really cool about the things that I'm going to show you today is
 some real tactical things of how to have the identity shift for your customers to build
 the culture and the community that you want inside of your business.
 And I know it's funny when you hear that you get like one woo.
 You're like woo, right?
 Like one.
 But what I'm going to show you, you guys know a lot of the numbers.
 We've seen a lot of what we're doing.
 But this right here is the foundation to all of that.
 This identity shift here is what causes your customers to buy from you over and over and
 over again and love doing it.
 So you guys ready to see that today?
 Okay.
 Well, first of all, I just want to tell you because a lot of you see it now, you see the
 two common club awards, you see, you know, the award that we're getting later this week.
 And it's like, oh yeah, like it's easy for them or they've done it.
 But I just want to tell you like three years ago, I was sitting in your seat, like at our
 very first event, we got when we first got ClickFunnels of a so funny, we were transitioning
 out of our old business and we were broke.
 And when I say broke, I mean, like we didn't know if our card would go through at the grocery
 store broke, missing car payments broke.
 So I just want to tell you that what, two and a half years ago, we were sitting in your
 seat and that this is possible and the numbers I'm about to show you are possible for every
 one of you.
 But the first thing you have to do is do what Russell says.
 And the second thing you have to do is do what Kaitlyn says, just kidding.
 That's just what I tell my husband.
 But anyways, but you know, Brandon, I'm up here today, but you know, Brandon's the one
 that runs like all the operations of Lady Boss.
 He's the one that makes everything happen.
 He hurts me along.
 So all of this about funnels, like he's the one that's done all of that.
 And so I'm the one that gets to stand up here for us today because I'm talking about culture
 and community, but I just want you all to know he's the one that runs the entire back
 end, all of the operations.
 He knew I would just steal the mic anyway, so he'd just let me do it.
 All right.
 So I just want to start out by saying that anybody can sell something once, right?
 Everyone can fire off a PDF or do a webinar and sell something once, but today I'm going
 to show you how to get your customers to buy from you over and over and over again.
 And they're excited for you to sell to them.
 How many of you guys don't know how to do that?
 Because here's the thing is you can make a million on a webinar.
 You can throw PDFs at people and then run away like you never want to talk to them again.
 But what I'm going to show you today is how you build a real business and how you make
 a huge impact.
 And I can't wait to see all of you guys implement all this stuff, right?
 Because you guys are implementers, right?
 All right, let's do it.
 So here you go.
 The first thing you have to know is that these are customers.
 These aren't only your customers.
 These are real people, right?
 And it's your duty to continue to sell to them over and over and over again.
 And the reason why you're going to need to do all the things I'm getting ready to show
 you is because what happens if you don't sell to them?
 What happens if you don't resell them on you and your products?
 They go back to the old way, right?
 What happens if I wouldn't have resold Tamara on Lady Boss, right?
 She's lost 130 pounds an hour or something.
 It's crazy.
 But it's because I continue to resell her.
 So for me, it's the difference in life and death of my customer.
 If I don't resell them on Lady Boss, if I don't resell them on themselves, that's the
 difference between life and death.
 What is it for your customer, right?
 Is it cars being reaped code because, you know, if they don't further their business,
 what happens?
 Is it their family not eating?
 Like what's the repercussion of not falling through on what you said you were going to
 do for them?
 Because anybody can sell something once, guys, but you always have to have in the forefront
 of your mind that these are real people and they're counting on you.
 And they've chosen to put, like they have chose to choose you.
 So now you have to choose them back.
 There's a reason why we've helped 1.2 million women.
 There's a reason why all types of women are getting our brand tattooed on their bodies.
 There's a reason that our average supplement buyer stays eight months.
 There's a reason why we go live with a new piece of apparel and it sells out at 18 minutes.
 There's a reason we convert 10% of every single email we collect into a customer.
 There's a reason, like literally right here, Chris saying I'll tell you, like we eclipse
 any other email marketer.
 Like, there's a reason why we get these open rates.
 There's a reason why we have 40,000 paid members in a community, paid members in a paid community.
 There's a reason why we have 1.2 million unique engagements in that paid group each month.
 There's a reason why 50% of them are active in this community every single day.
 Did you guys hear that?
 Like every single day.
 What if you were having a conversation with your customers every single day and they were
 getting value from you every single day?
 There's a reason why 83% of our active are in our community every month, right?
 There's a reason why when I do a Facebook live, my customers get on and sell for me.
 And I'm going to show you guys how to do all of this, okay?
 There's a reason why I went from zero and broke and not affording groceries and missing
 car payments three years ago to now an eight figure business.
 And here's why.
 Culture.
 Write this down.
 Culture.
 You hear Russell say it all the time.
 Culture, right?
 And I'm going to kind of turn it on your head for you today because a lot of us think, oh,
 like it's not a big deal.
 Like I'll just do a couple of things and we kind of overlook this, right?
 How many of you guys would honestly admit that you've overlooked the culture and community
 part of your business?
 Be honest.
 Because it's more about just the things that you put in line.
 It's more about just you.
 You don't create the culture in your business.
 Every single day your customers do.
 Every single person that you choose to put on your team creates that culture for you.
 Every support person that you have.
 Every person that's in contact with every single one of your customers, every affiliate
 that you have.
 That's why everyone can't affiliate us, right?
 Because we know that every single face that represents Lady Boss has to represent our
 culture.
 They have to represent the things that we believe in.
 So right now I'm going to show you phase one.
 This is how you attract your culture.
 I'm going to show you the identity shift, but this is the first piece because without
 this we can't take them through the identity shift process.
 Okay?
 Try this down.
 Attract your culture.
 This is the foundation of your community.
 The foundation.
 If there's one thing that you get from this, please do this next piece.
 Because you have to divide, you have to divide your customers upfront.
 Okay?
 From the crowd.
 You have to hand pick who they're going to be.
 I see too many people nowadays that are trying to get everyone.
 Like I want every woman that of all different places.
 And it's so not true.
 You have to divide your community upfront or else they will divide themselves inside
 of your business.
 They will divide themselves inside of your groups, inside of your community.
 So you have to hand select.
 This is like getting to pick the dodgeball team in elementary school.
 You guys remember?
 It's like you had your friends and then you're like, but I really want that person on my
 team because I don't want them hitting me in the face with the dodgeball.
 That's exactly what this is like.
 So I want to have you make a T-chart real quick.
 Everybody make a T-chart on your paper.
 And today you're going to draw a line in the sand of who you want and who you don't
 want.
 This is your club.
 Okay?
 You get to pick the people and you don't have to feel bad about it.
 Okay?
 Because when you do this, when you pick who you want and who you don't want, do you know
 what happens?
 It allows you to be the real you.
 I see so many people nowadays with the big communities and customers and it's like
 they're afraid of their customers and they're afraid to talk to their customers and everyone's
 fighting and things are divided and they can't even choose a side because they don't want
 either side of their customers to be wrong inside of their community.
 And so when you do this, this allows you to have a group, a culture, a community, customers
 that you love, that love you, that think like you, that want to be you, but unless you divide
 them, you're going to have everyone.
 You're not just going to have the use, right?
 You're going to feel trapped and you're going to feel like you have to hide from your group.
 So here's an example of mine.
 Because if you don't divide every one of these people on the outside, if you don't choose
 in your ads, the messaging you use, what you wear, how you act, your energy, everything
 about you, it'll kill your culture in your business because they'll start choosing sides
 in between inside of your group.
 They'll argue about these things.
 They'll fight each other.
 And so these are the people, this is how you attract the right people, right?
 What's really cool about this too is it allows me to be me.
 So I don't ever have to apologize or say like, I'm hiding under a rock or feel afraid.
 I can go in my group and I can pray for people.
 I can go in a live in my community and pray for people and I feel comfortable doing that
 because that's the culture in the community that I've created because I can be me.
 And so you guys need to do this first off, right?
 All right, now let's take them through the identity shift.
 Are you guys ready for it?
 Here's phase two.
 Phase two is the actual identity shift, okay?
 So this is the part where now that you've attracted the right person, we have to step
 them out of their old identity and we have to step them into their new identity, right?
 Like that's what Lady Boss is.
 We give them that confident alter ego to step into, but first you have to create what you
 want that identity to be.
 So right now I just want you to write down a couple of things.
 I want you to write down, it can't be the me show.
 I made this mistake in the beginning.
 Our brand used to be me as Kaitlyn, but all of our customers, like they can't identify
 with being me.
 They see me as the guru, right?
 They see you as the guru.
 They can't relate to you.
 They're like, I'll never be like her, right?
 So know that it can't be the you show.
 You have to come up with a name.
 You have to come up with a I am a statement.
 Like I am a lady boss.
 It's an identity we can move them into, right?
 So you need to come up with this first thing.
 Come up with a word or two words where it's like I am a lady boss.
 I am a funnel hacker.
 I am a film the blank with yours here.
 Because this is going to help them have that shift when they come into your business.
 And next we're going to create the manifesto.
 So why this is really important is now that you've given them a name, now that you've
 said like you're not Kaitlyn, you're not overweight Kaitlyn anymore, that's 65 pounds
 of her weight, like you're now confident, you're a lady boss.
 This is who you are.
 We're starting to step them in that we're starting to transition them through that identity
 shift, okay?
 The second piece of this is the manifesto.
 In time, really thinking about who you want and thinking about who you want them to become.
 So with the manifesto, literally all I did, my husband hit record on his phone and he
 was like, what does it mean to be a lady boss?
 And I went on for like 25 minutes, probably all in one breath of air.
 And then we took that and had that, the good parts transcribed into what is our manifesto.
 And this is what women read over themselves.
 When they first join our community, when they first become a customer of lady boss, they
 print this out, they put it on their mirror, they hang it everywhere.
 We have shirts with our manifesto on it because it reminds them like I'm not that old self
 anymore that gives up.
 I'm not that woman that complains anymore.
 I don't nay say like I spread sparkle, right?
 I take action.
 I'm no BS.
 I think I will get it done.
 I will do whatever it takes.
 And so you have to create a manifesto because without that, you're trying to move them into
 an identity, but you haven't told them what that identity is.
 And so spend some time developing a manifesto for your community, your group, because this
 is like the lifeblood of your group.
 They will become what is written on the sheet of paper.
 So it's really important.
 You don't just throw it together or take mine.
 Like that's not your customer, right?
 Sit down and write.
 Who are you?
 What was the transition you made?
 What were the big aha moments?
 What did you need to know?
 And then you can do some other cool stuff like what we do is we do all kinds of phone
 screen savers.
 We put it everywhere.
 We get them desktop savers.
 We make shirts with this on it because every time they open their phone now, it reminds
 them that they're a lady boss.
 These are the things that I do as a lady boss.
 This is who I am now.
 And as you're taking them through this identity shift, do you see how like they're starting
 to connect to me?
 Because after I'm moving them out of their old self, as I'm moving them into lady boss,
 what's happening?
 They're become connected to me, right?
 Like their new identity is connected to me, which is a good thing.
 But only if the first, like the first slide I showed you, only if you're willing to commit
 to help that person because now that you're putting in and injecting yourself into their
 life, you have to commit just as much as they do.
 So the next thing, now it's when you're going to step them into it.
 And so we developed something really cool that's called the personal power statement.
 All right.
 And this is a blank statement.
 I'm going to show you here.
 This is a blank fill in the blank statement.
 So using your manifesto, you will create a personal power statement that your customers
 will read to themselves every single day.
 They will fill in their struggles.
 They will fill in, you know, their why they'll fill in their goal.
 And so when they read this statement to themselves, when they're saying, I am a lady boss and
 I never give up and I'm going to get this done because I want to be around for my children.
 Here's one filled in.
 Can you guys see how powerful this is in your customers reading them this over themselves
 every day?
 When your clients are reading this to themselves and you're not only shifting their mindset
 about them, but you're shifting their mindset about them into your identity that you're
 giving them.
 So it's like you've created the framework of who they are becoming.
 And I just want you to know, like be very careful with these words because if you start
 telling people, like, I don't listen to anybody and I do my own thing and I'm going to take
 them to the world, like what's going to happen inside of your community?
 Right?
 So just know like these words are very powerful and choose them wisely.
 The next thing you're going to do is give them their cape.
 So now that you're creating little superheroes, right, you're going to give them a cape.
 And what this does is now not only have you given them the statement that they're going
 to read over themselves, you've given them a new identity.
 Can you guys think about your customers right now that you have or potentially that you
 want to have?
 Think about like what the thing is they struggle with most and what you struggled with most
 and how can you take those and turn them on their head to turn them into those statements,
 right, to turn it into the manifesto, to come up with the things that they need to say
 over themselves, to come up with the things that you know that they are going to feel
 self-conscious in those areas or they're going to like have pitfalls.
 You can see them coming.
 So now that we've done all that, we're going to give them a cape.
 Do you guys like superheroes?
 Yeah, awesome.
 Me too.
 So this is where we have Lady Boss Swag, right?
 And a lot of people think like, oh yeah, it's cool.
 You guys have a parallel line like clothing, all this stuff.
 And I'm like, no, it's not clothing.
 It's a cape.
 It's a cape.
 Are you guys seeing where I'm going with this?
 Because every superhero has a cape and when they put it on, they become different, right?
 They all have these really cool outfits and Superman like goes in the telephone booth and
 like comes out in a Superman, right?
 Like is it Superman or is it the cape?
 You're not really sure, right?
 Your community will be the same way.
 And so now that you're step them into this new identity, when you give them the cape,
 it reminds them every single day of how empowered they are to do what they need to do.
 It reminds them of what you've done for them.
 It reminds them of their journey and where they're at and that they can keep moving forward.
 And you can just see like these women, these are never women.
 These are women who had never taken pictures of themselves before.
 Like women that were terrified to take pictures and look at them now.
 They're like doing photo shoots and they're slag, right?
 Like it's their cape because each time that they put it on and why this is important is
 that they're proclaiming their identity in you.
 They're proclaiming every time they put it on, I'm a lady boss.
 This is who I am.
 It's like saying I'm American or saying I'm a UofL fan, right?
 Now it's part of their identity.
 It's who they are.
 And it'll help them do the impossible.
 And what I mean by that is this is a picture of slag that was actually posted in our community
 and she was having to learn how to walk again.
 And so she said that her husband brought her this shirt every single day that says never
 the less she persisted every day to wear it because it motivated her to get up and try
 to walk again.
 And so with your identity shift, what are the tools that you can give them?
 Write this question down.
 What are the tools I can give them?
 Because even though our businesses are different, they're not.
 It doesn't matter if you have five people or 500 people because it starts with you and
 that group.
 And then the reason my lady bosses grown so big, it's not because of the name.
 I can say all these like bosses everywhere now.
 But it's not because of the name, right?
 It's the identity.
 It's how they feel.
 It's the culture.
 It's the community.
 And what happens is they become a new person.
 They become a new person.
 But guess who they're connected to now?
 You, right?
 And so it doesn't matter if you have 500, if you have 5 million, if you have 5, and it's
 never too late to implement this.
 We were two years into our business before we implemented this.
 So what's amazing is they just continue to take that step forward with you.
 And the more that you can give them this identity as a lady boss, the more that you
 can give them this identity of your IAM statement, the closer they become to you, the more ingrained
 they become to you, the more they're stepping into this identity, this coat that you've
 put on them, and they're walking in it.
 They're walking in it.
 And it can't be separated.
 Because once you've bonded something to a person in their identity of who they are, it's like
 it's there forever.
 And so if you want the key to how to make your customers buy from you over and over
 and over again, this is it.
 Because it's not because they buy because it's like, "Oh my gosh, you can't wait for
 the next product," right?
 They buy because they're a lady boss and they know that they have to take the next step
 with me.
 They know that they need the next thing to go to the next level.
 They buy the clothes because it's part of who they are, because they're proud to rep
 that name, because it makes them feel good about themselves.
 And so you constantly have to think and write down and list out what are the tools that
 I can give them?
 Where are they lacking that I can help build them up?
 What are the things that are going to make them feel motivated, inspired to do what they
 need to do to get results?
 Because that's the thing, right?
 If they're motivated and inspired to get the results, you get those results, right?
 And so the identity shift, it is the key.
 It's the key to getting your customers to buy from you over and over again.
 And there's a couple of things I want you to remember, so write these down if you take
 anything away from this.
 One, care about your customer.
 You guys got that, say care about your customer.
 Say it like you like them, guys.
 Talk to you, care about your customer.
 The second thing is create your T-chart, right?
 Who do you want and who do you not want?
 This is very important.
 You want to have many use, right?
 You don't want to have people that give you headaches or make you feel like you're in
 battle all the time with your customers.
 You guys want to be one team, one unit.
 The third thing, create the IAM statement and create your manifesto.
 And this should take you some time.
 Really think it out.
 And don't just grab what someone else is doing.
 Really think like, who am I?
 What do I want?
 What are the customers I want?
 What do I believe?
 And use all that to create your IAM statement and to create your manifesto.
 Last thing you're going to do is create your power statement and then give them a cape.
 And so every time a new customer comes in, guess what happens?
 Every fulfillment email, right?
 Every fulfillment email is like, you're a lady boss now.
 Forget all the stuff you used to do and your bad habits and the obstacles you have.
 Like, you're a lady boss now and this is how you deal with it.
 You take action.
 You never give up.
 You don't complain.
 You take no BS.
 You spread sparkle.
 You're unstoppable.
 You're a lady boss.
 And so every single customer that comes in with us, we give this the new identity.
 We give them this identity shift.
 And then they're able to say, you know what?
 I'm a new person.
 And then every day we help them take that next step into being a lady boss, that next
 step into being more confident, that next step into their weight loss journey.
 So can you guys see how this will fit with your business?
 And if you can't, you just need to think a little harder.
 Get a little more creative.
 So there's a phase three that I can't get to today.
 And I know the guys here have been really nice to allow me to give you the slide deck
 and stuff.
 So they'll have that for you.
 But this is the phase three.
 This is the missing piece that I didn't have time to go through today of basically how that
 now you have all this community.
 Now you have all this culture going on.
 Like how does it not drive you crazy when you have 40,000 people, customers in a Facebook
 group, right?
 How do you give people to actually engage and have fun and want to be in your community?
 Because it's much different.
 Seeing people in a community and 50% of them being engaged on a daily basis is a totally
 different thing, right?
 So it's going to tell you how to do that.
 And then also how to have 24/7 free customer support inside of your group.
 That sounds cool, right?
 So this is all about phase three that I couldn't get to today.
 But I want to leave you with something.
 And yes, I copyrighted this.
 You heard it here first.
 But in all seriousness, if there's anything that you take away from the next couple of
 days, just do what Russell says.
 And I know it's like a funny saying now, but it's like, I'm really serious.
 He's giving you the opportunity.
 He's gone before you and paved a path.
 He's literally like made the road for you.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go back to the next couple of days.
 And now here, but you have to believe it's possible for you first.
 You have to take that identity as a funnel hacker.
 And you have to say, you know what?
 I'm just going to do what Russell says.
 I'm going to implement.
 I'm going to follow the system.
 I'm going to commit.
 Are you guys down for that?
 All right.
 I'm going to say I am a.
 You guys are going to say funnel hacker.
 And this is how I'm going to leave the stage.
 And we're going to do it three times.
 You guys ready?
 I am a.
 I am a.
 I am a.
 I am a.
 Yeah.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I wanted to invite you to join arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community.
 And it is a challenge we call the One Funnel Way Challenge.
 You know, everyone in their business and their life, they're one funnel away from something.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from getting more impacts.
 Some of you guys are funnel away from growing your company to the next level.
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business, this challenge is going to help you understand the strategy,
 help you understand the tactics, help you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now.
 Stop everything.
 Pause this audio.
 Go online and go to OneFunnelWay.com.
 That's OneFunnelWay.com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days.
 So go get started right now.
 Go to www.themowaid.com.
 (upbeat music)
