 What's up everybody my name is Russell Brunson welcome to marketing secrets podcast today
 We're gonna be talking about political marketing. What's driving me crazy?
 What I would do if I was running for president or Congress or whatever it is
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone, I hope you guys are awesome. I hope you enjoyed last week podcast linked to last one when people are going nuts for
 We got tons of downloads from which has been really really fun
 Talking about how we basically did three million dollars 90 minutes and I walk you through the whole process
 So I hope you guys enjoyed that
 And it's been a couple of days since I've done a podcast because I'm kind of recovering and recouping from the craziness that
 ensued last week and
 Today I was driving in the office and it's political season here in Idaho. I'm probably is everywhere
 I'm not a big politic guy. I don't really care about voting too much and anyway, I'll leave that
 You know, I just don't care
 I care about my entrepreneurship and some way that but I know there's been political things
 I keep seeing all these signs and I met one of the dudes who's running for
 I don't even know it's Congress Senate something here in Idaho and and then I drove by a sauce sign
 It's big old side
 It's got his name on it really big and then like the logo of the party and that's another guy
 It's got his name really big and logo of the party and like it drives me nuts
 I just like cringe
 I know how much money is being wasted and he's asking me to donate to like so-and-so's campaign and this and that and I'm just like
 like how like
 Politicians are the worst marketers in the history of all time. So
 Outside of a few people. I'm sure Elijah has watched the last
 Elections and the person who won was actually a great marketer notice. I'm sure he had his name really big all over the signs
 But was better was he had a benefit. What is the benefit for our people?
 So instead of saying Russell Brunson on a big sign on the side of the road
 I'd like what do people here actually care about and something like hey?
 Do I make Idaho great again or hey do I want to let's not pay less taxes some benefit to the actual human being?
 Not just my name nobody cares about my name. So all you politicians have a big old sign with your name on it and a logo
 You are literally just flushing money down the toilet sure
 There's like the hyperactives who know who you are who you ever time to see your side like yay
 They were gonna vote for you anyway all the rest of us and people who don't care about politics you aren't going out to vote
 We look at that we see a name and we just keep driving doesn't zero for memory
 I don't know the benefits are to me. I don't know why do a few are over everyone else like it does nothing whatsoever
 Yeah, we keep doing it. We keep I don't know how many sign how much my sign companies make for this it's ridiculous
 And then I got invited say to like get together party thing at somebody's house where they were doing a
 It's a fundraiser or anyway a big get together everyone's gonna go to someone's house
 And I don't even know if the politician is gonna be there
 But there's a big party they're gonna talk about it and like and share it and they invited it to it
 I just kind of small like first off
 Like why am I going to sing is a person to me that no one told me what's the benefit?
 My my thoughts are people are gonna go once again to something like this or people who are predisposed to vote for that person anyway
 And then get together and be all excited about that person is gonna be awesome, right?
 But doesn't get a single extra vote created. So if I was ready for politics people have asked me
 I did a rant on this about a month ago about
 If I was ever run for politics and first off, I will never run mark my word
 Second off someday, though
 I do want to be a puppet master for some politician
 So if and when I ever end this part of my career
 I totally gonna find a politician just be a puppet master just in the marketing just to prove that the stuff works
 So if I was a politician first off my big old side of the road would have the benefit for the person huge
 Huge headline and then my name would be underneath it in much smaller font
 But the benefit of why they would want to vote for me be number one
 Number two, I wouldn't be trying to throw rallies for people already can vote for me. Don't know why it doesn't increase
 Doesn't create new votes. So I would be doing instead. I'd be going to my local area my geographic area that can vote for me
 I'd be going to Facebook
 I've been doing Facebook lives every single day for the entire like year and a half leading up to my campaign
 What would I talk about on those things? I don't know I find out what people actually care about not people necessarily that
 I vote that already are voting for me, but I'd be finding topics and I would do one Facebook live per day per topic
 And I would target my look
 I would want to so every single person who could possibly vote for me when they open up Facebook or Instagram
 All they see every single day is my face talking about the new topic. Okay. I haven't seen a single Facebook live from a single politician ever
 Which blows my mind guess how we're all making all this money online guys Facebook lives
 Okay, I haven't seen a single swipe up bad for any of my politicians guess I'm making money online guys swipe up ads
 Like why in the world aren't these people using things? They're doing all these old-school methods
 They're doing horrible branding horrible messaging. They're not doing any kind of future-based cause they're not
 They're doing
 rallies to get their existing warm audience excited about them although it creates no new votes
 I'd be focusing. How do I create new votes? What's my future-based cause? What's all this all crap we talked about extra secrets?
 I'm gonna re I'm gonna get a new cover for this and call it political
 Secrets and then we'll just wrap it and then we'll sell to the politicians teach them how to actually sell themselves and market
 I would totally be doing a perfect webinar. I would literally do all these Facebook lives pushing people - hey
 I'm gonna be doing this
 I'm gonna call the webinar though. I'd call it something a town hall meeting where I'm gonna reveal to you the three biggest things
 We're gonna do to destroy not destroy to fix our economy locally and to blah blah whatever it is
 I would like figure out their false beliefs by core audience
 I would do a perfect webinar and I would try to at the end of the perfect webinar
 I would totally sell them something so we got a packet because soon some of us paint with their wallet now
 They're emotionally invested
 They're more likely to spend time with you and give you more money and vote for you and tell other people to vote for you
 Because they've given you money and want to go ask people for campaign donation like hey
 Can you donate to someone so's campaign because this is a platform?
 Because nobody cares about the platform that they're on what do people want they want something they want an ROI they want to get something in return
 so I would figure out cool stuff like
 what I make I'd make like a
 Box a stuff like this and I put cool things in there that people actually want locally and have like coupons from the local area where
 They support me as a cause and like you get like five thousand dollars in coupons if you donate fifty bucks or something or I find I don't know
 I would just do good marketing
 We seem to get one politician understanding good DR direct response marketing and we could change the world changing on that
 Oh my gosh you guys here right here. I'm working secrets
 Okay, the puppet master and the puppet and the pup the politician the politician. Yeah, aka the politician
 Case you're gonna do it. Can you do it? I'd hold you have to be like an item citizen. I think I'm pretty sure I'm close to be
 American citizen. I'm American. Let's just do it. Even though we're my type
 Yeah, we do it for anyway, we're gonna do it and document it. That would be amazing. That's really cool
 All right, so there you go guys if you're in for politics political office take the extra secrets book rip the cover off
 Hand right in political secrets or politicians secrets or something and then when your campaign
 Anyway, hope this helps because I don't care if you're selling politics if you're selling books if you're selling courses
 I'm software selling ebooks. You're selling food at the grocery store all these principles are the same
 By one of you one more person like oh expert secrets will my bliss that doesn't work for my business or oh, I I'm not selling information
 Products this has nothing to do with selling information products if you think that that's what it means
 It means you miss the entire point read the book again has to do with selling everything and anything
 It's human emotion psychology. I would have called this book like Russell's copywriting secrets book
 But that would been boring and nobody about it
 Okay
 This is teaching you as the presenter as the attractive character in your audience whatever business you are selling
 I promise you attend extra sales as soon as you attach attractive character to it
 What is the guidebook how that attractive character communicates with your audience with you with other people this book is the book
 So there's this pitch for my book
 If I probably already bought it and you probably read it if you haven't so if you have read it go read it
 You have a reddit now is the time it's gonna help you sell whatever it is you're selling way more efficiently and way better
 It is the key so once again if you're selling politics anything else that's the process in the path
 Alright, so here first. What are you gonna run for man?
 Just take as high as we can go. Can we vote?
 For president? Yeah, well
 Well, you put it like what what party for I wonder what you're actually stand for before I like put you in there
 Because we got
 We've got we've got oh
 We've got a conservative and a liberal both in this office James. Where do you fall in the middle? Oh?
 Okay, well, Melanie you're on the campaign here. You got a anyway. I'm in the podcast now you guys
 Look look for look for James coming soon to a ballad near you vote for him mr. James P. Furlan associates will be running
 And the puppet master will be doing the marketing behind the scenes can go out funny. I appreciate you guys
 Thanks so much for everything. I thought you guys soon. Bye
 Want more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called dot-com secrets
 And you get your free copy at dot-com secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (audience applauds)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
