 Hey everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast formally known as
 marketing your car and because today I'm in my Tesla we could call marketing a Tesla but
 We can't because now we change it to marketing secrets like two or three years ago. So welcome back to marketing secret show today
 I'm gonna teach you guys how to be happy
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so I've had a whirlwind at the last couple months I am not gonna lie
 it's been fun it's been hard and and all the things and and
 Now just starting this week things are starting to get a little bit lighter for example
 I had the last two months my kids have had wrestling and so I can't miss wrestling practice every single day
 I wake up or I go to work and then I jump off a three and three till six of my kids wrestling practice
 And then and then come home and I try to get done the stuff I was supposed to get them from three till six
 So it's like I'm adding you know three or four hours a day to my day
 Which has been exhausting?
 Plus we're you know
 We're in the middle of a remodel a bunch of other things but the remodels done now and then wrestling ended on Saturday
 And then my the book final I think the final draft of the last rewrite
 Next week so then that'll be done and then for like he lives our last big thing and that's done
 That's like I got nothing to do so I'm really looking forward to that but but this season has been by far
 Should say busy season of my life. I wish something could film it because I don't think anybody would actually believe
 But it's been fun. So
 Now what's interesting is Saturday so if my boys had their their district wrestling term
 Which is the thing they worked towards all year long and it was it was so awesome
 The team first off the team took first. I think we won nine of the last ten years
 And so and we've dumped them this year
 I think we set a new record for the most points. We're like 500 team points the number two team at like 300
 So the team did awesome, which is great
 And then Dallin won his way class, which is awesome
 He had the returning district champ in the finals and he rushed down wrestling earlier this year and beat him by one point a really close match
 But obviously as super nerd dad
 I went and watched that match a million times and then worked down on all the things and this time down wrestling
 Dallin thumped him made your decision and beat him 12 to 12 to 4 beaten by eight points, which is insane
 So that was awesome much fun Bowen came in and
 Bowen did great for himself as well very first match
 He's beaten his guy 10 to 1 and then he got thrown a pin which was heartbreaking
 but anyone has the next three matches and
 He would have gone for fifth in six place, but this tournament only placed at the top four
 So anyway, so he definitely would have made at least top six in the district and potentially fifth
 But he did great. I'm proud of him and it was just fun and and
 Sunday the next day it was kind of a
 You know the day where he would all beat up the kids would beat up on beat up some of my feet for like
 You know 15 hours walking around a gym, you know the stress of everything
 so it was a day where I was kind of like just beat and
 And Bowen told me and Bowen who's like typically my little buddy. He doesn't like working his heart
 Told me afterwards. He was like say dad yesterday is really hard. He's like I want to do
 He say something like I want to do yesterday again. I'm like what do you mean? I thought it was hard
 I think it was it was so fun and
 Too many days looking back two years ago and Bowen hated wrestling and he got pinned every single time and now he was like
 yesterday was like the best day he wanted to do the whole day again because
 Just because wrestling hanging out and just anyway, it was special so
 I tell you this because
 we're talking about happiness and
 One interesting thing people I say might it is my happiness, but it does buy a lot of cool stuff
 That's actually really true, but it does definitely by happiness
 I've made more money in my life than ever and there's a lot of times down where I'm happy and it's it's funny because
 You think there's gonna be a correlation between those two and there's not
 but
 In the middle of this chaos I found my happy spot and it's not something I would have assumed
 Now I want to preface this by saying I'm not a scrapbooker. My mom is a hardcore scrapbooker, but I'm not
 I'm the most disorganized person. I probably ever met my mom told me as a kid
 I was the messiest kid she's ever had and ever seen I don't do get clean things up if you look at this profile
 I have a high D high-eye high-S like off the charts and all three of those things and zero C like no organizational skills whatsoever
 So this is like this is the frame of who I am right and
 for years I've been taking pictures on phones and cameras and and just everything everywhere right and they're all over the place and I always
 Have and one time I tried to upload them all to this service. I can't really name the service
 And I uploaded like our entire lives to the service and the service crash we lost
 every picture off and most part like
 Devastating and so for years I've had just boxes of old phones and flip cameras and
 negatives and pictures and just all sorts all over the place and
 Never to do with it and recently I found out about this little app on your phone and on your computer called Google photos and
 I needed it because my phone got a high cloud. I don't know why I just I think iCloud's the devil so
 My phone was clean max out like I gotta figure out something and I don't know how I came up with it or found it or someone told
 I didn't even remember but I downloaded Google photos
 Google photos took all the pictures and videos off my phone and threw them online and deleted
 You know clear my phone my phone in all the space and then the Google Photos app
 They're all in there and what's crazy about it is you can go on you can go on you know and say you Google
 Whatever online and you can see all the pictures you see my phone you can make albums. I'm in geek now making albums
 The search is insane like like you go into like
 It'll show faces and it's like you want to find this person and you can name them so the future
 They know all this is Collette and this is aid and this is bowin and down
 You know whatever you click on it and it goes and finds every picture in your database that that person's hooked to every picture
 Every video and it's insane like the person could be in a picture in the background of a picture
 And it still scans the face finds and brings that picture back up like the searching is insane
 Or I type it wrestling, you know show every single picture in a wrestling room or the wrestling. They're single to head
 I don't know how it does it, but it is the best searching thing ever
 And so some they get my one phone. I was like oh my gosh
 This is amazing
 And so what I did next I'm in found all my old phones
 I went and installed the Google Photos app on all of them and had I've been saving these phones for years
 Some of them like the original iPhones right back. There's like three pictures on here
 I don't want to lose someday
 So I
 On all the ones I was able to I get installed Google photos and sucked all the pictures off all those phones into my thing
 It was crazy. It sucks them in there and then it categorizes them based on based on date when they were taken and
 And so I did on Google phones
 I went my old flip cameras and I had my brother rip all those and put them in a thing and then I went
 And I found all my old pictures for my mission and from high school and from
 College and from uncle I first got married. I found all the wedding pictures. I started going to photographers in the past that took our pictures
 I started
 Paying them off to buy the negatives and buy the original digital pictures and like
 Every scrap of everything in my house. I'm getting digitalized
 And thrown into Google photos. I found every one of my high-school wrestling matches my college wrestling matches
 Both the BYU and a Boise State
 I found every single time my kids wrestled growing up like everything I've ever gotten I was on my Google photo apps
 And in Google photos like it sorts them it synchronizes them it figures them out and then I can make albums
 So like what do now is I go through and I create an album for wrestling
 2019 and through every picture every video everything in this thing and now I have this album like I'm
 Consciously with my kids and they're warming up. I grab my phone
 I get pictures of warming up and when we're match the take pictures
 I get pictures of hanging out with their friends and just I make that creepy stalker dad who's taking pictures of all these things
 But as soon as I do I you know have them all synced to that album
 So every single picture I take any wrestling it's all synced to the wrestling 2017 album
 And then I found wrestling from 2016 1514 like so these albums for all my wrestling and I have albums for my wife
 And I have albums for my kid like like albums for all her family trips albums for we went to the sand dunes
 and I'm making these albums and organizing stuff and and
 It's been so amazing and now like if you go to the goo to there's like a feed that shows you all your pictures
 You can scroll through and it's everything categorized by year
 So you scroll it back like 15 years now of pictures that are all categorized have been scanned have you know
 Google's done their algorithms they can find anything you want and it's it's all there and
 And I'm having so much fun every free second going and getting pictures and I sure do because I heard someone say this the other day
 And I don't know if it's true. I don't know the percentages all I'm sure I'm gonna mess up stats
 But when they said it or wrong true to me it said that
 Typically the happiness in life does not come from the experience
 Happiness comes from the memory of the experience, right?
 So a good example this is after fun liking live two years ago
 We flew the kids out and went to Disney World because it was in we were Orlando right took them kids at Disney World and
 If I remember right it was the middle of spring break it was a nightmare. There were a billion people there the kids were sick
 We had kids puking in Disneyland. We had like it was it was horrible
 But no thing back now. I have an album. This is this is Disneyland
 2000 whatever 17 my kids and I look like pictures and all I remember is getting off the Hogwarts, right?
 and drinking butter beer and and
 And getting soaked with the kids and and the pictures in the hotel and the pictures like all I see is these pictures of the memories and like
 Man that was an amazing trip, but if I remember the actual trip like it's
 I don't know if it was that good, right? Same thing like we found the Disney Cruise pictures from two years ago and the pictures are so sinking cute
 I'm looking at with Collette and we looked at this one picture in his Nora and she's in her bathtub
 She's a little pigtails. He's the biggest smile on her face
 I'm like this is the cutest picture ever like you remember that was so much fun and she's like do you remember when we took that picture?
 I'm like no when she's like it was three o'clock in the morning
 It was the third time that night
 She had puked in our bed and we'd called the the stewardesses or whatever they're called to come and clean our entire room up
 And that was after they cleaned up and we had Nora wrapped on the bed and she started giggling and took a picture of her giggling
 I was like oh my gosh, I forgot that was a horrible night, but the picture brought so much happiness to me and
 I think that
 You know so many times we we were on this journey. We haven't found the journey where we get to the destination with destination
 That's not what we actually think it is right
 Orson's gives we as we want and then and then years later
 We remember back like oh the good old days back when I was in high school back when I was remember the memories
 It's like what brings us happiness and
 For me now like they have every picture that's ever been taken of my kids
 Like I literally been going to my friends like if you ever take a picture of my kids give it to me
 I need it right now like sink it to my phone airdrop. Let's go like I just I'm kind of I'm yes. I'm not dad
 But now that I'm on my phone with my kids
 It's funny because because like even be down
 I said I'll swap my phone out and I'll like he checks out buddy
 And I'll go and I'll click on the picture of his face
 And it goes and it pulls every picture every video everything was faced and even like when he was an infant
 I don't know how it sinks it like here's pictures him right out of right out of the womb and today and they can they can tell by
 Facial structure that is still aid and so we'll sit there and watch videos of him
 From from 10 years ago and like it makes us both happy and like with down and bones and things like I these things
 Right sit down my phone and I can pull the memory and like instantly like it's just it's just instant happiness happens and so
 My big secret for being happy is is realizing that like a lot of times in the moment the thing you're doing sucks
 But the memory of that moment is is where the actual happiness is which is fascinating to me
 And so for me
 That's made me now
 Especially now that I have Google photos and sync to my phone like makes me very very conscious now like every single situation is taking pictures
 of even if it sucks because I want I want the memory in a year if I want this memory because that memory is gonna make me happy
 I might not be happy in the moment because this pain sucks right now
 But in a year from now
 The memory of this of this moment is gonna be it's gonna be happiness
 And so I'm taking pictures of all these things and then every night I go into my Google photos
 I see the streaming that I go categories and throw the things into albums or whatever
 And it's brought me so much joy and happiness
 And so I want to share with you guys because I think a lot of times, you know
 We're running and running or in these moments and we're tired and we're and we're
 You know we're miserable and all these things
 But it's it's understanding that the happiness doesn't come in the moment happiness comes in the memory of the moment
 So make sure you're capturing memories pull your phone out
 I mean the greatest, you know, as much as the negative things about phones and iPhones
 I mean the greatest gift we have is the fact that we can capture some memories
 You know back in the day
 I used to buy a roll of 24 film and I got 24 pictures and I'd make those puppies last cuz after it's done
 I gotta go take them and go pay for it to get you know
 Developed all these things and I would like as a picture really that important like you take it
 You don't even know for three months till you develop the pictures now good and it's like all these things were now
 It's like I think as many pictures I want as many videos as I want
 I have all these things and then I have to really store those now in Google photos and and categorize and find them again and it's just it's
 Anyway, it's it's my new happy place. So for someone who's not a scrapbook or who's not organized
 He was you know, no skill set at organization of anything
 Organizing all my pictures into Google photos has has made me happier than almost anything
 I can think of it's bringing all the memories back to the top and it's been my happy place as I get stressed out
 I'm like well, I'm gonna go to Google photos. I'm gonna go find you
 I'm gonna go search my old hard drives and try to find some picture that can add to the hard drive
 I got literally I have right now. I'm waiting. I'm sure I'm driving Melanie my assistant crazy because I have all the all my high school and
 Mission and first-year marriage photo albums. I gave to her
 She's got some local companies kind of scanning them all I found clets bridal pictures
 So when we got married she got bridal pictures done
 But she can only forward at the time to get one print it was printed and it's on her mom's wall
 I never see and I've never seen it before than the ones on her mom's wall
 And I don't have a copy of it and we went back to the photographer
 And he went and found the negatives and sold me for a couple hundred bucks
 So I'm getting all of her bridal and I've never seen most of it
 I said she took a hundred pictures, right?
 I've only printed one so we're getting all these hundred pictures of my wife in her bridal dress
 Like turned into real pictures. I'm gonna have my phone now like how insane is that ah?
 like ah
 I'm sure it was a nightmare. She was pictures done, but memory of that now is something that I
 ain't just looking for so I
 Poor assistance waiting. I every day have my so the pictures back. Yeah, they're back yet like what's going on
 And she's like do you need to be writing book on my guess?
 But that's not my happy spot my happy spot is these pictures
 I want to see if I want to eat them on my phone categorize and Google photos in albums so I can be happy
 Um, so there you go. I hope that for some of you guys this this brings in happiness
 I would recommend during Chris break vacation or break
 Spend some time say for Google photos account start sinking all the pictures from your phone and go about your old phone start doing it and
 Man, um, he'll be amazed what you find. We've made it how you feel
 And you'll be amazed and happiness that um that hides inside of these pictures that are sitting around doing nothing
 So all right guys, I'll have thanks for today. Thanks for everything. Appreciate you all and we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Hey, this is ruffling in and really quick. I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did
 Can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with 5,000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you?
 Think like you who believe like you have vision like you if you would like to do that then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live
 It's coming up very very soon. Uh, if you don't have your ticket shay
 You go to funnel hacking live calm and it gives you the ability to leave your home leave where you're you're trying to
 Create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe like you who see visions like you
 Of what they can create and what they can become
 Fun lacking life is not just a marketing event. It's not just a personal development event
 It's both of those things wrapped into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So I'll make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me I go to funnel hacking live.com
 New year tickets. We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well and after you take it you will be there with 5,000 other insane crazy fun
 The funnel hackers talking how to grow their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You gotta go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live.com. Thanks so much and I'll see you in Nash boo
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
