 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome you to the marketing secrets podcast and today
 I've got a little bit of rant for you
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone welcome to the podcast today. Hope you guys are all been amazing
 And yes today is gonna be a little bit of rant. I hope you don't mind. I just I just I need to get something off my mind
 So this morning
 I was looking at Facebook as I often do in the mornings just making sure that everyone's happy in our community of 160,000 people and
 Scrolling through I saw somebody's post and the post made me want to jump up and down on my phone and smash it to little pieces. So
 Yes, that's that's what happened this morning. That is what inspired this rant
 So first I'm telling you backstory that'll set up this and then I'll tell you what happened in the post
 So this weekend I was listening to Dan Kennedy in fact
 I wonder if
 There's a correlation between me listening to Dan Kennedy and me wanting to do rans there might be his kind of a grumpy old man
 but
 He's still the best man. I love learning from him and anyway
 I was listening to one of his courses this weekend, which I think I mentioned yesterday
 He mentioned my name on which was pretty pretty awesome. So
 But earlier he was talking
 In fact, it was the very first like 10 minutes of the the course and he started talking about this principle that I think was
 Essential and it lays out what I want you guys understand today during this podcast
 Help make sure you're successful because if you're not careful in all things you do you're gonna fall down this path because I think human nature
 drives us down the wrong path and if you're if you're aware of it, it's easier to
 to protect yourself from it. So
 basically he's talking about
 When it comes to like success, they're two completely opposite mindsets
 and the first one he called the mic the Michael Moore view and
 And so the Michael Moore if you guys know Michael Moore is I'm not a huge fan
 I don't watch all his videos movies, but where of who he is and
 and
 So first he talked about the Michael Moore view
 So it's kind of set this up earlier in the the presentation what Kennedy talked about
 He said that if you look right now in America
 One out of a hundred and sixty people are millionaires, right?
 So that's the odds like which aren't that bad like if you go to the mall
 You know, I don't know if you want them all in time
 But like the ads are pretty good if they can one out of one sixty you're gonna be millionaires like maybe that should be me right
 So that's kind of started I talked about that right now in America one out of a hundred sixty is is a is a millionaire
 So the Michael Moore view is and I wrote notes on the side
 Make sure I get this right
 So basically the Michael Moore view is that the one out of 160 is a freak accident
 He said the 1% use the freak accidents just like a lottery commission user
 Just like the lottery commission uses winners for advertising to convince people they can win a game that they cannot
 So that they do not come with pitchforks and torches need the rich
 He says it's a freak accident to which an overwhelming majority can't make it happen
 So they shouldn't aspire to it and the whole game is rigged. All right, so there's Michael Moore's
 Perspective now that's your perspective and you're like I'm gonna be successful in life
 But I believe that it's a freak accident
 I believe that the only people have been successful or put up there just for marketing and advertising and and it's just like a lottery
 You know, it's like spinning the dice and and the shots and when you're one in one sixty, but like, you know, whatever
 So that's that's a Michael Moore view now the opposite opposing view the view of people who actually are
 Successful is this if there's one then there could be two and I could figure out how to be number two
 That's it
 Okay, so one is like this is a freak accident
 There's no way I could possibly make this happen there for sure
 I should not aspire to even try number two is if one person did it then there could be two and I could figure out
 How to be number two?
 Okay, now think about your mindset in which one of these
 Like which one of these you lead with because I guarantee you I can I can look at where you are right now in your life or your health
 or your relationships or whatever it might be and
 And I'll tell you which one of these views you actually follow you may believe it. Oh, yeah
 I'm definitely the the opposite view Russell
 And probably aren't some things like but maybe not everything so one is come hyper where this great
 Lot of times I'll share something on the podcast or invent people and it's like a really cool case
 They've also made it blah whatever and then people are gonna like oh well that works for Alex because he's in the gym industry
 I'm selling dentists. We're different, you know or oh well well Kaelin's selling
 You know weight loss to women info products like I I got something
 You know I was something completely different and it's like no like look at and say look if there's one
 There could be two and I could figure out how to be number two. Okay, that's the difference
 So let me come back to I started with so I was this morning when I was looking Facebook and scrolling through a quick
 There's someone who posted there and this lady's she posted she's like I've been lurking in this group for three years now
 Okay, notice how she even said lurking okay
 Congratulations, you've been lurking for three years and
 She is definitely a Michael Moore type person so she's been lurking and she said
 Does it frustrate or does it?
 Does it depress any of the rest of you guys to know that of the hundred sixty thousand people in this Facebook group?
 Only three million have become millionaires so far
 That was what she said and I just wanted to unleash upon her the fury that
 Comes for me sometimes but I just smiled and ignored it and now I'm doing this podcast ran
 Maybe I'll link to it or something like that
 Because that's how she's looking at like oh only of hundred sixty thousand people only three hundred have become millionaires
 only twenty become decking millionaires like this thing is just a freak accident and
 You know the overwhelming majority people can't make it happen therefore
 They shouldn't aspire to it and the whole game is rigged right? That's what she's saying as opposed looking at saying oh my gosh
 300 of my peers in
 Last year figure out be millionaires 20 hit figure out to be decking millionaires ten million dollars or more in a funnel
 If there's one there could be two and I could figure out how to be two
 Okay
 That's that's the the mindset. That's the belief. You need to have to be successful
 Okay, because I don't believe it is a freak
 Accident I believe it's people who believe okay
 If I can leave nothing with you today, then this its belief is the key right if you believe
 Then you'll go and you'll do the thing and you'll actually have success
 I look at the you know whatever hundred sixty thousand people on a Facebook group from that way of sixty three thousand active clickfunnels members
 Right so what's that one in one in three had enough belief in what we're talking about to actually go and create a trial?
 Okay, so your odds just got better use cut one out of three if you have a clickfunnels account
 Congratulations of the people who are following our movement you you believe more than two-thirds of them two-thirds of them like
 Like canceled their success because they didn't believe and they don't even have an account
 Okay, so if you have an account congratulations, you're already like exceptional now inside that account
 People will actually look at it every day and actually use it like you're you're likely to success probably doubles right people who have read the
 Doc on secrets expert secrets books likely doubles people
 Who come to our events and likely to doubles like right now this weekend or today today tomorrow?
 There's the two comic club excellent for those who are trying to get in the two comic club, right?
 Those who are in San Diego this weekend like this the the success rate dramatically shoots up right because they're actually doing stuff
 So they look at that hundred sixty thousand or the sixty three thousand or the three hundred millionaires or twenty decker millionaires
 And you look at that and and if you look at and say look if there are three hundred
 Why can't I do it to there are twenty? Why can't I do it to and then you'll figure out how to be that other person?
 It's really not that complicated most people never actually get there. I remember
 Hearing I can't remember who am I been sharpen am I doing someone else who's talking about?
 You know how many businesses make it past a million dollars a year ten million hundred million all those kind of things and
 what's crazy is like is
 Half is just like showing up like if you just show up and like read a book you're like double to likely be successful
 right like most people just don't do the minimum effort and so it's like
 If you if you just do some things moving towards that goal your odds become insanely good
 Okay, one out of a hundred sixty right now to America you guys are millionaires
 Okay, there's your odds those are pretty dang good
 Okay inside of our community so far three hundred had become millionaires 20 have become decking millionaires and
 Every day someone who is becoming millionaire
 So I'd be looking at saying if every day someone's become a millionaire which days mind 365 days this year
 Which one's mine? I'm gonna go for it and pick a date and then start running towards that theme and then start figuring it out
 Okay, if there's one there could be two and I could figure out how to be number two
 Okay, that's the goal you guys
 And I want you not just in business. It's true in business, but all poor parts of life. They're trying to lose weight
 And you're like I can't do it. Ah, there's a freak accident. It's my hormones. It's my this is my genetics
 It's my blah blah like you're looking at the mic and more of you
 Okay
 Don't look at it that way. Okay, that's the best way to like set yourself up for failure
 Look at the other way if there's one there could be two and I could figure out how to be two
 Okay, and now you got belief and if you believe it then you're gonna start reading your study
 You're gonna be like the things and you're starting moving forward
 And if you believe it then you can achieve it
 I know that sounds cliche, but it's so true if you look at my job is the head cheerleader here at ClickFunnels like that should literally be my
 entire like calling in career all I'm trying to do is create belief
 That's it because anybody who believes it goes and does it. I look at the three hundred two common cool winners
 Like what was the commonality amongst all of them?
 They believe they could do it and so they figure out a way to do it
 Okay, oh people that didn't there's some level of belief. It's holding back. They don't believe in something like they don't believe that
 Like whatever it is there's some belief that's holding them back and that's why they're making it
 Okay, they don't believe they're they're good enough or they're smart enough or they're fast enough or they don't believe that they've got enough town
 They don't believe they could drive traffic. They don't believe they could actually build the funnel
 They don't believe they can do design. They don't believe they don't believe like there's something that's they don't believe that's keeping him back
 And that's all this is belief
 Okay, and she's there the belief switching back to Michael Morvie
 Like oh well like well that guy can do it Russell can do it because he looks so mature
 It's like I look like I'm 11 years old. It should not be like
 Your belief is like oh well Russell looks more mature than me. No Russell doesn't I remember at the first UPW first Tony Robbins
 I went to and he was talking about
 You know a lot of times all these things we like have against it's like oh, I'm too young to be successful
 I'm too old to be successful or I but like all these things are excuses
 He's like they take that and flip it and be like I'm so young. I'm gonna have insights
 He's just don't have I'm so old that I've got wisdom that's other people don't have or I'm so and like take these things
 They're like oh negatives like oh I can't do because whatever and instead flip it around as like as like that's the reason
 Why would be successful is because these things okay?
 It's the belief if you just start like you guys just start breaking your belief patterns start shifting. I'm like I
 Know that if you're listening podcast, I'm preaching the choir
 But I promise you that if you're if you're struggling at something in this in this journey
 It's belief. That's you're fighting with so like as much as you have to learn the skillset, which is important
 It's a belief in yourself to execute on it that it actually keeps you back
 More so than the skills of the skills are easy to learn come on guys
 It's not that complicated seriously 15 minutes like click funnels you can build a funnel like it's not difficult and anyone thinks
 It's difficult is a blind view. I feel like I can't figure out click funnels like
 come on now like
 If you graduate high school you can figure out click funnels if you didn't graduate high school and you're smart
 I figured out before it ended then you can use click funnels. Okay, like I don't care which direction you are
 Using a belief okay if there's one
 There could be two and you can figure out how to be number two. I promise you that you guys
 We are laying out so many tracks so many things for you to follow so many case days improve and as much stuff as I can muster from our
 Community to give you guys belief you have to look at it and you have to believe it
 Okay, the skeptics never have success. Okay, there's zero percent success rate of skeptics
 Okay, it's gonna be successful find somebody that you believe in some of the you're like man
 That person did it and then look at them every day and say look if there's one
 There could be two and I could figure out how to be number two and I don't care if you have to lean on me
 If you lean on Brandon and Kaitlyn if you have to lean on Alex or Moses
 If you have to lean on any of our two comic club winner like find somebody and look at them and say look if there's one
 There could be two and I can figure out how to be number two and then all you had to just believe put all the skepticism
 all the the reasons why it might not work all the complaints and frustrations and
 Myself would didn't do this like whatever those things are put those things behind you and just believe and then run forward as if
 As if you're trying to make it happen. Okay, that's the difference between those who are killing it and those who aren't okay
 Skepticism will kill you in everything you're trying to do. Okay, believe believe believe believe
 Stuff works. I promise you that
 Okay, and some of you guys this message is for because you're trying to figure out this marking stuff
 Some of you guys this message for other parts of your life some of you guys this is because you're you're in a marriage
 You're struggling with some of you guys is because you're related relationship or struggling might be your your health
 It might be your finances like
 Whatever it is this this principle that I'm sharing with you
 It can help in all those areas of your life
 So if you got stuff you're stuck with forgot stuff that is keeping you back you're having the you're being skeptical about and
 Find somebody who you believe in who's had success in that thing and then this should become your mantra if there's one
 There could be two if I could figure out how to be two. I hope helps you guys. I appreciate you
 Our team here is killing ourselves to give you guys the belief the systems the tool they said we got
 Event-happing San Diego. I'm not at this week
 Teaching people the systems were too calm a clad against two common club. I'm in here today
 I was up there all the yesterday all day today. We're making videos to create more belief like
 I'm just killing myself to make you guys believe so if you just like make my job easier and just believe this stuff is true
 I promise you guys that like I've seen it over and over and over and over again
 Don't be like that lady in the Facebook group
 Who thinks it's a freak accident because it's not all it takes is you believing and putting forth the effort and if you do that you'll have success
 All right guys, that said appreciate you all an amazing day and we'll talk to you all soon
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at experts secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
