 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson and welcome to the Marketing Stickers Podcast.
 I just got back from speaking at Tony Robbins event and got back from the Anne Frank House
 in Amsterdam and I got some really cool stuff to share with you guys.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Stickers.
 Hey real quick, fresh starts episode.
 I just wanted to let you know that for some reason the recording went kind of strange
 on it and but I thought the content was really good and impactful and important.
 So I was just deleting and not posting it.
 I would share it with you anyway for some reason to happen on this episode as well as
 the next episode.
 So just letting you know that.
 I apologize for the bad audio but I promise you it's worth it if you listen and get through
 some of the little audio issues.
 Thanks so much.
 I hope you enjoyed this episode.
 Alright, alright.
 So the last 20, I don't know, 20, 25, 20, we have many hours.
 I've been flying home from an amazing trip and I was planning to do a whole bunch of podcasts
 on the trip but between jet lag and speaking in slides and then traveling and then more
 jet lag and then more exciting things.
 I just never had a chance to sit there on my phone and check in with you guys and share
 some cool stuff.
 So I'm home now.
 I just got back and I've been working out and it's a beautiful day and I wanted to walk
 in my track for a little bit.
 You know what?
 What better time than now to jump on and kind of share some of my cool thoughts on this
 trip.
 So first off, the trip started with me speaking at Tony Robbins Business Master event which
 is pretty cool.
 Now, it's actually everyone there keeps saying this is the first time you spoke at Tony's
 event and actually no, it's the second time.
 The first time I spoke was actually Business Master in Fiji.
 I'm probably seven, eight, almost nine years ago now.
 Dang, 10 years, nine years ago.
 It was before eight and was born and we started eight in like a couple weeks.
 So anyway, we're out there and spoke at that event and then since then, turn it out by
 Tony and I have done things kind of on and off but never really connected.
 Never had me speak at one of those events again and then the last two fun hockey nights
 Tony spoke at and actually after the last one, they messed with me and asked if I wanted
 to come and speak at Business Master but that dates and work outside of saying no last
 year.
 But luckily they offered me a give a share.
 I thought it'd be kind of fun to come out there and see people and if completely honest,
 my real motivation is I just want to show up Tony Robbins.
 So they asked me what I charge to come in and speak and I think they were shocked to know
 that my fees were about the same as Tony's fees which makes me feel good.
 So I told basically it was like, for me it was like $2.50 grand a day.
 So we got three days of traveling between something like probably seven to 50 or so.
 I was like, or instead of paying me, I would come and let me sell and I'll come do it for
 free.
 You just got to cover my flights out there and luckily they took door number two because
 I thought I really wanted to do anyway and so I'm not there to have a chance to speak
 and actually offer ClickFunnels to his audience.
 So you want to be speaking more on digital marketing so I had to change the presentation
 up a little bit.
 But for most part it was similar because it's the same message people need to know to understand
 our world funnel building, funnel hacking, driving traffic, all that kind of stuff and
 so I'm customizing it for them but at the end made it very similar to what I've most
 of you guys have gotten invested in the past.
 Hopefully it's not too many of you.
 It doesn't affect us.
 It's a podcast but anyway that's kind of what we did which was awesome and sales went great.
 We closed 23% of the room which typically speaking I can hear a few markets this way
 harder just because the culture people aren't used to jumping up and running to the back.
 But I was proud to say I did get a table rush, which is the first time I ever got a table
 rush in Europe which was really cool and that's all 23% of the room.
 And then I'll send somewhere between $750,000 to $800,000 in sales which was awesome.
 So that was a good time and again my whole goal was to show up to Tony so he'll be like
 man you should speak at all of our events.
 So that's my goal.
 I'm going to set this out here as an attention to the world.
 My goal is to actually do my funnel hacking presentation at UPW with 10,000 people in
 the room because I think that would be way cooler but I needed to start here.
 So that's kind of happened and it was fun.
 I see Tony speak, got to see him sell his stuff and then do my thing.
 And then after that where I could let's go see the Netherlands and see what's here so
 we next morning went down to Amsterdam.
 The event was in Rotterdam.
 We thought we spoke at it and we went to Amsterdam because we want to come and see that.
 It's funny because most people go to Amsterdam for totally different reasons than we do.
 In fact I had Julie Story and a couple other people who were just like, "Everyone else
 goes to Amsterdam for the Red Light District and to get the legal stuff."
 And everything and it's like you guys go and didn't do any of that stuff.
 You guys are such nerds.
 I'm like, "I know it's the coolest."
 So a bunch of warm guys down there in Amsterdam trying to experience the city as well as we
 could.
 And we had a great time.
 We rented bikes and if you've ever been there it's insane.
 Like million bikes going crazy and it was nuts.
 It's such a good time.
 Anyway, I digress.
 So the coolest part, and this is what I want to share with you is we wanted to go to the
 Anne Frank House.
 Last time I was in Amsterdam I didn't even, so dumb, I didn't even realize it was there
 and we went on a boat tour with my wife and I.
 We saw it and we tried to get in but it was sold out.
 And so this trip, same thing like a month ago we tried to book tickets and apparently
 we were too late so they sell out like a month in advance.
 So we thought, "Maybe we'll go down there and just like bribe someone to let us come in."
 So we went down there the first day and like, "Hey, we'll give you any amount of money
 to let us come in."
 And they're like, "No."
 "Come on, there's going to be some entrepreneur here who wants my money.
 Let me in."
 And they're like, "No."
 And they're like, "But they said tonight at seven to nine that didn't open tickets.
 They go online."
 So go there and you may be able to get something.
 So I had Melanie, my assistant here in Boise and we messaged her and so she went on and
 she's refreshing me five seconds trying to get the tickets and luckily for us she got
 four tickets.
 So the next morning woke up and went to the Anne Frank Memorial and man, there's just
 something about places like that.
 I know the first thing for me blew my mind like how it wasn't that long ago.
 It was like what, 70, 80 years ago something like that this whole experience happened.
 Like it was not that long ago.
 And that was just the first thing.
 And then as you go into the home, right and you go up to the place where they have the
 bookshelf and pulled out and it's a stairway up in the attic and you see this place that
 she's imprisoned in for two years.
 And they made it almost to the end, I think like three or four months for the war ended,
 they got caught and she ended up dying of, I believe, typhoid fever in one concentration
 camps.
 But for two years, the Lord preserved her in this spot.
 And during that time, it inspired her to write her thoughts down.
 So she's keeping this journal and writing these things.
 And as I'm going through this, I'm like, why?
 I don't know about you, but I don't believe that God just does random things.
 And it's like, oh, that was weird.
 I think things are planned and calculated and figured out.
 And I think that he protected her so she could, she could, she could relieve this message,
 this, this journal.
 And, and even protected the journal or the diary in a way that, you know, when her father
 came back later, he's able to still find it and then publish it.
 And you'll get just her little story and her little piece, you know, she was like 15 years
 old and she passed away.
 So I mean, she wasn't even, I mean, she was 15 or less.
 And this, this diary has become such a powerful thing for so many people.
 I looked at, you know, a month before we couldn't even get in because so many wanted to come
 and just, just experience in just a little way what she, she went through.
 And what's crazy is I didn't put, I didn't connect to these two things together until
 I was in the room.
 The night before we had just launched our new, the new pre-launch for the Operation Underground
 Railroad documentary that we showed at Funlocking Live to do this big launch.
 We're getting everybody to come and register and to share the message and which is just
 kind of a cool special thing anyway.
 I, if you're doing that the night before and the next day we're in the Anne Frank home,
 I'm sitting there and I had this impression when I'm sitting there, I'm like, Anne Frank
 lived through the slavery.
 Now it wasn't the same type of slavery that these kids are going through, right?
 It wasn't, it wasn't like sex slavery and it wasn't some other horrible things that
 are happening to their kids but she was in slavery and God preserved her and preserved
 this record that she created so that we could read it and understand what it feels like
 to be in the depths of hell like she was, right?
 In a hopes that we will, we will feel that and understand it and be humans, be compassionate.
 And as I'm sitting there, I was like, I was like, she was, she was a prisoner.
 She was, she was in slavery and as I'm sitting in this room experiencing it and feeling her
 spirit like, I don't know about you but I, I could, you could feel her spirit in this
 room and you're just like realizing that, and there's nothing we could do for Anne Frank
 but because she went through this thing, because we were able to feel her spirit, because we
 would feel what she felt in just a little piece because of her and her diary and these
 things, like it give, it should give us motivation like how do we, first off, make sure this
 doesn't happen with Second Off, how do we, how do we leave other people of this pain?
 Other people going through this, this slavery and also like hit me like a ton of bricks
 and I don't know why it hadn't, the two things hadn't crossed the line before but it was like,
 oh my gosh, that's what's happening operation in O'Rell Road.
 There are these kids in slavery and you know, I think, especially here in America, I think
 most of us think, you know, slavery ended when, when Lincoln was president, it's over but the
 reality is that it didn't, it hasn't ended.
 You know, Tim Ballard and his, his organization, Operation Underground Railroad, they, they,
 they believe there's two to three million children in some type of slavery right now.
 There's sex slavery, working, slavery for their organs, like it's, it's crazy and, you know,
 Anne Frank was one, one person and imagine, like imagine what you would have done if you could
 have went and saved Anne Frank, like imagine like that, that feeling just for a second, right?
 Like you save Anne Frank, what, what happens to, to, to her and her life and her soul, right?
 Like, like imagine what that would have felt like.
 What's crazy now that Operation Underground Road, I'm looking the same thing, it's like,
 now we, we are literally saving these children.
 We're saving someone like an Anne Frank who doesn't have a voice, who doesn't have the ability
 to fight, to do anything.
 We have this ability where we can, with hardly any money at all, liberate these amazing children
 and, man, just got super emotional for me when I was there.
 And so after we went outside of Facebook Live, I jumped on it and said, I want everyone to
 understand this connection between Anne Frank and the slavery she was in, and Operation Underground
 Railroad and the slavery that millions of other children are in and realizing that you, you have
 a voice, you have the ability to share this message, share with other people, talk about,
 share the documentary, donate money for able to, if not, just share this message because
 you're going to, you have the ability to save someone, save human beings, human beings life,
 just like an Anne Frank.
 And if that doesn't touch you, I go get her diary, read it, read her words, read, read
 what a little 14, 15 year old person who's experienced in this, what they, what she felt,
 what she had a chance to go through and realize that, that you can, you can liberate a captive
 person just like that.
 And so that was my big, big takeaway, the whole weekend was amazing, but I really think that
 that God wanted me there in Amsterdam to feel that and to experience that because it makes
 what we're doing so, so much more real.
 And so for all the guys who are listening who haven't yet go to ouarefilm.org, go and watch
 the trailer, the documentary, so you can understand a little bit about what's happening,
 give them a pretty launch list and then share this message, make people's can.
 If you have a podcast, podcast about, if you have a, if you're big on Twitter, tweet it,
 if you're a Facebook, Instagram, if you have an email list, like any means you have to get this
 message out there, share it.
 And if you know there was a little girl in Amsterdam hiding in a closet, if you were to
 share the message, you could save her, would you do it?
 Like that's literally what this is, about $2,500 saves child and slavery.
 So if you're able to join a 500 bucks, do it.
 If not, share this.
 May you share 10, 20, 30, 50 people and if you sell people to share 10 and 20 bucks,
 that's something I need to captivate or to liberate someone who's in captivity.
 And your voice does matter.
 We're in a day and an age where we have the ability to get our, get messages out.
 And you know, people always think about like, if I was, if I would have done this and this,
 I would have helped them, I would have done all these things.
 In reality, as you are looking at time, you can do something.
 So the question now is, are you going to?
 And so for all you guys, like, and I've gotten so many messages from so many of you
 ever since Full Hacking Live, it's like, what can I do to help?
 What can I do to help?
 This is what you need to help.
 You share the trailer.
 Not just like social media, like, yes, do on social media, but contact your friends,
 your family members, tell them to go watch this thing, text everyone in your cell phone,
 say, go register for this, watch this.
 I could, them watching it, like one person watching it could donate a thousand, 10,000,
 $100,000.
 We had, and I'm not allowed to disclose names with one person,
 Full Hacking Live, who watched the documentary donated $100,000.
 Like who knew that person would have done that, right?
 Like, who knows the person you share it with that might donate $2,500, $5,000,
 or $10,000, or $20, and say, $1,000, $2, $5,000, $10,000, $50,000.
 And your connection was the one that made that possible.
 Like, that's, I just hope this becomes the thing that all VSC and Feel and Be Part of.
 I would put on the thank you pages of all your funnel, if I would put it in your email
 sequence, like, plug it in everywhere because one person seeing this documentary can and will
 save children's lives.
 And if you don't want to be connected to them, imagine, imagine someday when we're all dead,
 and this whole story of this Earth life wraps up to an end, and we're up in heaven,
 or wherever we're at, and you're able to see that child and they're able to come to you and say,
 "Man, because you shared this message, my life is better."
 Like, that's not what you guys would feel like, that's what's possible.
 You could have been the one to save, and frame, you're the one that could be saved in the next person.
 But only if you share it.
 And so just because you don't have money, you don't beg, "I don't want to get in hell."
 No, you can't help.
 You're connecting, you share it, you're being what he is out there.
 And one person hears the message, who knows how far I can go.
 And that one person, I mean, it's funny, back in the day, if you remember Ripplin,
 this is Project, if you listen to our podcast from episode number one,
 you'll hear me talk about this Ripplin thing, but we just Ripplin it, we launched it, and I remember
 we got 1.5 million people that joined this movement in a six-week period of time.
 And it was crazy, I remember looking at the big trees and the down lines and the ripples,
 how it all works.
 It was crazy because the people that had the biggest ripples didn't necessarily
 recruit the most people, but they recruited the right people into the program, right?
 And so some people that had these huge fallings of like 200,000 people, they only invited 10 people,
 but one people they invited somebody else, and that person inviting, you know, 30,000 people.
 And so you don't know within your layers of separation, like when it's going to hit the right
 person, then it takes that message and boom blows it up.
 And so share it with five, 10, 20 people you know, and invite them to share it,
 invite them to share it, and who knows where in this little ripple that you create,
 who's going to be the one that hits it and that somehow goes out to 20,000, 30,000,
 100,000 people.
 From your efforts, 100,000 dollars is raised, from 100,000 dollars being raised,
 you say 40 children's lives.
 Like that's, that's what I'm talking about right now.
 This is something that we can all be part of and we can literally change the course of history.
 We can change the world for these children.
 For the sake of a loan raised, $1,000,000 has 400 plus children.
 We were able to save from the captivity of these evil, evil people.
 And so I just wanted to encourage you guys to do that.
 So if you haven't yet, go to ouourfilm.org, go to watch it.
 You want to help us promote it, go to ouourfilm.org/partners,
 P-A-R-T-N-E-R-S.
 We also have a page there that has more information.
 I can share this message.
 We got banner ads, you can use so much other stuff.
 Sample blog posts, sample emails, you send out a bunch of things that you can use to help
 you get some messages as well.
 So, something worth doing doesn't cost you anything.
 Just email us your time to share this message.
 And hopefully you'll feel the same experience I felt when I was in the end,
 break home.
 And hopefully you'll get the spirit of this and then you won't share it with those who are after you.
 So, with that said, thank you guys so much for everything.
 I appreciate you all.
 Have an amazing day and I'll talk to you soon.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to go
 our company? If so, then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at
 www.funnelhacker.tv.
