 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you back to the marketing series podcast and today
 I've got an exciting announcement. You guys want to hear it?
 All right as of today. I'm officially your time as bestseller
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets. Oh
 My gosh, okay, so I just wanted to celebrate with you guys
 This is one of those like really weird moments where
 You know we set a goal. It's really weird because I
 I've had a big goal set of my whole life right and most goals is like I have a goal
 I want to be a state champion wrestler right you go out there and you do it and you do it and you and you
 Kill yourself and then you find out real quick if you got it or you didn't get it right either you win or you lose
 But like it's final and there's like this finality of it right with business fact
 I want to make a million bucks and you go and you do it either do it or you don't and then there's a finality
 There's something there. I've never understood nothing understood, but I never competed in a sports where you had judges the judge
 Do you right?
 Where they look at you and like oh you got you got an eight you got eight point nine you got a ten
 Like I always done sports where it's like you either win or you lose like you know and there's no
 It knows judging you just do the thing in it and you succeed or you don't and it's interesting though because I was in this
 Competition they said invisible competition. I don't know what to call it
 Where I had this goal my goal as a lot of you probably know or a guest was to someday hit the New York Times
 was selling list it's funny because
 Before I wrote the dot-com seekers books. I started writing as like okay if I'm gonna do this book like I don't know
 I'm I'm someone who always wants to win right?
 So it's like what's the goal like the goal to sell a lot of books?
 But like the way you win is if you become a New York Times bestseller like that's like you know in the Olympics
 You know for an athlete the best thing you can win is a gold medal for an author
 The best thing you can do is get on the New York Times bestseller list and so I was like okay
 Well, how does it work? And I found out like Kate, you know obviously it's how many books did you sell this other things like
 They also want to make sure there's a lot of publicity and PR and all sorts of around it
 So we kind of figured out what do we take?
 I think at the time when the dot-com seekers book out most of the books that were on the list for selling I
 Think it was like 10,000 copies a week or something like that
 So in my head I was like if I can get more than 10,000 copies
 These are gonna be on the list is gonna be amazing
 And so that became the goal and so we create this huge product launch and teach everything and and we did the launch to sell
 10,000 copies in a week and we ended up selling I came a row it's been six years now
 I think it's 20 or 30,000 copies that week and
 We used to funnel obviously, but then we pushed sales to Amazon other channels and stuff
 And I was like okay, and we did a bunch of PR and podcast interviews and all these things try to make as much noise as possible
 And I was like okay, it's gonna happen
 It's gonna happen and we waited and the first week it didn't happen the second we didn't happen third weekend
 It's just there's one of those things was like I won like my hand should have got raised like I I sold enough right past
 The I have more books sold in the person's number one and on the New York Times bestseller list
 Why am I not there and for some reason I wasn't and you can't just call him be like hey, why did you give me the list?
 We just want things where there's however the process works. There's judges
 There's people they they they pick who's on the list and who's not and there's other criteria obviously than just books being sold
 and
 Whatever reason I didn't get on the list and remember being so upset and like frustrated and depressed and just like oh
 I didn't win like what was the point of writing this thing?
 Then luckily the book did well and people loved it and it helped a lot of people so I'm very proud of it
 Second book came out expert secrets and it was close enough. I like I don't I don't want to
 Like I don't really want to
 To really try for it in fact. I remember when my publisher they're like well
 You know if you want to hit New York Times you have to do a traditional publishing thing
 Which means you have to do like a year out and all these different rules, you know
 And I was like I don't I just want to sell the book
 So we I think they call it crashing the boards or something so basically I finished the book and like two months later
 We started selling it which made it so like I pretty much couldn't get on the New York Times list because you know
 All the cells are coming in in the New York Times the book publisher whatever the distribution people didn't know
 You know that the book was even coming out and we ended up selling like 70,000 copies
 I think of that book the first month which you know outsold all of the books on the New York Times list
 But because you know no one anyway because of the process obviously didn't get the list I didn't care
 And so the traffic secrets book came out. I'm not gonna lie
 I was like secretly like that'd be cool to enlist
 But I'm not gonna think about it and Dave Woodward was one who's like like we have to you have to do this
 Like you earned it you sold more books than all these other people who are on the list
 you should you should try for you should work for it and
 So we kind of went back and said like what does it take was it look like to do that and and it was hard like I did
 I think over a hundred radio interviews because it's not just like how many books do you sell?
 It's like like you know
 This is a traditional publishing list
 They want to see like like we're on the radio you're on TV where you you know authors who sell books
 Like these are the things that they do and so I had to be in all the spots
 So I had to do TV interviews. We did hundreds of TV interviews. I did podcasts. I did Facebook lives
 I did so much stuff so much work that went into it. You know we sold books on Amazon
 So books through our funnel we sold books through bookstores like everything we could anything we could to try to get the list and
 And it's funny and then during that time is when COVID hit and it's crazy because when COVID hit Amazon stopped shipping
 So when we had all these books were supposed to be shipping out during a week that it's supposed to happen
 Amazon stopped shipping books because they weren't essential items and so like the the couple weeks
 That's like we're definitely gonna hit the list we didn't because Amazon didn't ship the list didn't ship the books
 They didn't count towards the whatever the algorithm is however works and nothing happened nothing happened
 And and so we tried man for two or three months just trying everything it could and and then
 Like two weeks ago. We kind of just gave up like you know what?
 Let's stop folks. You know this let's stop driving traffic to all these other places
 Let's just focus on the funnel because then you know we're making money there and so we shifted back to that
 And then what's crazy is
 Today I woke up and I got the text from some friends and some other people
 With a picture of my book on the New York Times with seller list and I was not expecting that and
 We started freaking out and so I've been freaking out all day. I don't know what to do with myself
 It's like one of these goals that were like so elusive that I had given up on to I think it's even possibly more than it just happened
 And um, anyway, I just want to share with you because it's a big big milestone in my life and in my career
 and it's something that I'm really really proud of and um
 And uh finally I can say that i'm a New York Times best selling off there, which is pretty cool
 um, but more important is the fact that um, you know the books are out there so um
 Anyway, I just want to share with you guys because I know a lot of times we go after goals and we don't hit them and for me
 I've you know launched two books old half a million copies of the books without ever getting rewarded with the thing yet
 We still did it because um, you know with the the product the things you're putting out there even if even if you know
 You're not being judged correctly or the way you think you should be buying the outside judge
 Just still doing it for a more important reason which is changing the lives of the people that you're putting listings out for and so um
 But it also feels good to be to be recognized
 So I'm grateful grateful for everyone on my team who helped to be part of that do the hard work who helped us get on the list and um
 Yeah, I'm really proud. So anyway, thank you guys all again for reading the traffic singers book
 If you haven't ready yet go get a copy traffic seekers.com or you go to amazon with an ebook
 Chindo version there. We also have the um, the audio audible book. It's on audible now with me actually reading it
 You get the audible version. It's everywhere. Um, if you haven't ready yet go and get it
 And I want to thank you guys for being subscribers and listeners and and followers and fans and all the stuff and just super grateful for you guys
 Um, and you know, it's funny. I've been talking about this this industry this business for
 Man 18 years now and for the first eight or nine years no one seemed to care
 But I was just so passionate. I wanted to talk about and share it and it's so rewarding now that you know 18 years later that
 That that you care enough to listen to these episodes to buy the books to listen to the things that just it means the world to me
 And hopefully it's an inspiration for you for whatever topic you're excited by that
 Even if immediately you don't get the success you want or the people listening or following
 You keep doing it and keep doing it and keep having passion keep believing in what you've got
 eventually
 Eventually your message will get out there and you'll be able to touch the the hearts and the lives the people you even call the serve
 So hope that helps. Thank you guys again. I appreciate you and i'm a new york times best selling author. This is so crazy
 Um, so I celebrate with you. Thank you again and I'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Um, arguably the best thing that we've ever put out
 Inside the click phones community and it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel way from something some you guys are one funnel way
 From quitting your job. Some you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts
 Some of you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand
 The strategy help you understand the tactics help you understand all the things you need to be successful here funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC]
