 Hey, what's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to mark in a secret podcast today
 I'm sure you guys are really really easy way to get to million bucks. That's right
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so
 I'm actually my backyard now walking around my little track and
 It's beautiful night and everything's amazing except for
 There are like a thousand mosquitoes out here. I'm gonna eat alive, but the show must go on so
 Anyway today was awesome. I
 Had a chance to go to my take the day off basically saying or my kids filled day
 So outside for two and a half hours in the morning with the young kids
 Spraying them with water, which is really fun
 And then had a quick lunch with my wife and then came back in the two and a half more hours
 Which is awesome. I'm a little fried and a little sunburned and then some of our two comic book X members
 are actually legit American Ninja Warriors and so they were here for the event which starts tomorrow and
 They took us and our kids
 To the American Ninja Warrior course, which was insanely cool
 And so they trained us on it. We got to do all sorts of stuff in the warp wall warp wall and
 Fun stuff. So anyway, we had a great time tonight
 And I was like kids to bed. I am so tired so beat
 But it was a it was a great day. I'm excited to get tomorrow get back in and get mother funnel close to launched
 And also the two comic book events event
 So a lot of cool stuff happened here
 Which I'm side of four, but anyway when I was out there today with thousands of little kids who were trying to kill me
 He gives you a lot of time sit around and just think like huh and so I have my headphones in I was listening to Dan Kennedy and I was listening to
 Mostly Dan Kennedy if I'm completely honest
 And just thinking and
 One thought started going through my head is I remember this one
 I'm not sure if it was the right word to say client person anyway somebody who I've had a chance to work with and
 I'm not gonna name names. Hopefully this person or individuals will not know who they're talking about them because it's
 It'll be nice on one side because
 They came millionaires really really quickly
 But it was kind of funny on the other side because I wouldn't say these people
 who I'm gonna talk about were like
 super
 like
 Not the best entrepreneurs they didn't know like a million ways drive traffic and they didn't know all had a right
 Red good copy up sales and down sales and you know all all this stuff that I geek out about that
 I was like love sharing and talking about thinking about I know that a lot of you guys who are in my world
 I've kind of become obsessive with as well. They weren't good those things at all in fact the first time I met the person
 The person that the first person in this business relationship
 Was a good sales person and that was it worked on sales floors and a lot of phones
 sales and stuff like that and
 I never lay a lot of success in their own business
 But they were good at phone sales and then later this person partnered up to somebody who was good at traffic and what was amazing was
 The one person would drive traffic
 To generate a lead then this guy who was good at the phone people phone and he called lead
 He'd sell him something and he was selling them like five thousand to ten thousand dollar things
 And then they fulfilled on it and they weren't even very good at fulfillment if I'm completely honest like
 but they were able I mean they did and and
 That was it and it was like the most basic simple business. It was
 one dude drives leads other dude calls leads on phone
 sell something they fulfill on rinse and repeat and that that was kind of it and
 I was thinking about them today and I was just like
 Again, they don't know if you have a hook story offer that on Pippany Bridge. They don't know
 Heroes to your journeys. They don't know you know breaking false beliefs and all the amazingness
 You guys are aware of but what they did do is they figured out like what are the pieces that are involved to make this thing turn into cash and
 It was really really simple and I think
 You know for a lot of times I get deep into the science and the art of this game because I love it
 I'm obsessed with it. I think sometimes some of you guys get overwhelmed because you're trying to do all these amazing million things
 Okay, I have people right now
 who are talking about like their future based causes about the mass movement they're trying to create and
 When I ask them like what they're trying to sell they don't know the answer to that yet
 and I'm like, oh like a lot of these things I'm talking about are like like the deep levels where like actually something's working
 You can go and you can start like digging deeper and I was like but if I was like legitimately
 I gotta make money a lot of money really quickly like what what's the plan?
 It wouldn't be so much like okay, let me
 Run an ass campaign and find out people want and maybe people like all kinds of stuff like it would be really really simple
 I would look at the skills that I have right and I think to generate cash
 This isn't including that customer support and all kinds seven and honestly for these the people talking about four
 I get was two people for over a year probably two years or so they did
 everything including fulfillment coaching and they did the
 customer support like everything was just them so you don't need to hire all these people and staff and teams right out of the gate right you
 Get to million bucks with just a handful of people and so
 But I look at like who you actually need somebody they can make it rain
 Okay, so I'm one somebody that can make it rain
 So somebody who can get traffic or leads or whatever to your business right?
 That's number one number two you have somebody who can sell something right?
 They'll be good at selling and then number three you got to be able to fulfill something awesome, okay, and so that's gonna take
 Two and maybe three people right so let's just say you've got something amazing to fulfill
 I'm like you're like I've got this thing and I'm the best at the world at this thing
 And if I could just spend all the coaching and teaching and showing people this thing man, that'd be amazing
 Okay, so that's you there's only two things you should be doing okay
 You shouldn't be learning or studying or like any kind of thing two things just be number one
 You should be finding somebody who can sell stuff and like I'd be obsessed without every sales conference
 But my every sales product just find out who the other people that bought the product
 I'd be like obsessively trying to figure out who is the salesperson this goes back to an episode
 I did when I was back at the genus that event
 We did an episode we called it's the who not not the what I call whatever it's called the
 It's the who not the what right or the how who not the how
 So somebody trying to figure out how to sell and learn on selling skills all kinds of I like just go find someone's amazing
 So I put out ads news papers. I would go call people at five people. I was like become obsessed to find something good selling
 Okay, boom now I got some who can sell and then I got this thing that I'm selling that I can fulfill on
 So I got a salesperson now boom that part of the business taken over
 Now actually somebody who can make it rain who is somebody who can bring traffic or leads to me?
 And I would go and I would find somebody it would be an agency right try to find a partner
 I would try to just whatever let's just say come on the gate. You're like look
 Dude who's really a salesperson. I can't pay you because I'm broke, but I got this really cool thing
 Do you think it's cool too? He's like yeah, that is really cool. All right. I'm gonna give you 30% of the business
 You're just gonna sell all day. I'm gonna figure out some way to get you leads
 You're gonna call those leads selling some crap and then I will fulfill on the crap that you just sold them
 Okay, and like boom then on the third thing I'd be going out now is like all you do now is just go and find
 Somebody now to drive leads and I'd be obsessed with that and I'd go to every conference on lead gen
 I'd go every marketing conference every sales conference
 I'm trying to learn it trying to figure out who are the people I can find I can teach or I can bring into my team and say look dude
 You're gonna drive leads from Facebook or Pinterest or Instagram or whatever that person's got to look
 I don't even pay you, but I got this crap over here. It's pretty good. He gets good. Yeah, it's really good
 Okay, I sell guy here. He thinks it's good. He can sell it
 Can you drive leads and I will have you drive leads he sells them I fulfill if I can sell something on that then boom
 I'm done
 Okay, I watched these guys who
 Basically did that and flipped on your window million bucks. Okay, there was two of them. That's it
 One driving leads one cell in the product. They both fulfilled on it together. No customer support no contractors
 No engineers. No nothing. Just boom. That's it one little tiny funnel. Okay, and the funnel was not good
 It was a page that said hey, do you want to learn how to do this big insert big result?
 It's so for this application boom. That was it. Okay now
 Let's just say you're the kind of person like I know how to make how to drive traffic
 I'm really good at trying traffic. Okay. Okay. I need to go obsessively find some who's got a product
 That's super super awesome
 Fulfill on it and go find something can fulfill on the product then if they can't I find something you can sell this thing
 I crazy now we go and try five so we can sell it and then plug it together and boom my traffic some about selling
 Boom that fulfillment now we're in business. We get your million bucks for those three people. Okay, let's say we get sales person
 I don't know how to have traffic. I don't know how to fulfill it. Okay, that's totally fine
 Go find something to traffic part of them find some of this fulfillment partner them boom
 You sell it in the middle in your business. Okay, and so I just think like
 And this is partially my fault because I geek out on it
 I'm so excited by like sometimes I overcomplicate things sometimes we all over complicate things like it really is that simple
 You just need a couple people couple who's okay, and that's it
 That's something I just didn't rustle. I don't sell coaching so it doesn't make sense for me like hey
 Well, what do you sell that like oh, I'm a
 Cairo practice or I'm a whatever right like hey cool, so what do you need you need leads right?
 Okay, go find somebody who can generate leads. Okay, and I got leads. What do you need next?
 I need somebody to convert these leads. Okay. How do you want to convert them?
 Through webinar or through on the phones. Okay, go find some of your good webinars
 Someone's really good at phones bring them in you're equity in the company whatever it is and then you're off the races
 Okay, and so anyway, that was just my my
 Thing about that saying I was saying I was just realizing like these guys were not rocket scientists
 They just knew the for their business to run
 They need someone to drive leads from a cell to leads and they need to fulfill on a product
 And so they just found someone to drive leads some cell leads and they fulfill on product and boom
 Multi-million dollar your business advocates instantly so
 I think for a lot of you guys who are going through this process and you're learning it. I think it's good as
 Otherwise, I'd quit publishing all together. I think this stuff is good
 I think it's good for you as an entrepreneur to understand the intricacies of all these things how they work together
 But let's be completely real and honest like if you're trying to generate cash and make money right now
 Like what are the things you have to have?
 Okay, if you guys if anyone here listening to the sound of my voice thinks that I have ever logged into Facebook and have any idea
 I'd run an ad you were completely wrong one time. I was clicking on something
 In my account and it went to my business kind of accidentally it popped
 This really weird dashboard that scared me as like I think I might break something and I literally had John who runs mad
 It's coming like I didn't break anything right. He's like no you just went to the ad manager
 I'm like, okay, cool. Can you shut the page because I don't want to jack this thing up
 He shut it down, okay because I don't know how to do that. So I found John and
 John came the person on my team who then runs the ads, right?
 And now as my company has grown from you know a dozen people
 You know half a dozen people to dozen to 20 to 100 to 150 to 200. Oh past 200 people now
 It was really just that it's like finding out who are the people when you plug in who are already get those things that
 have a tendency to like them have a tendency to be good at them and it wasn't about going and
 And you meet trying to learn every single step of it
 A lot of them that learn it's like I mean trig no one understand it, but I'm not actually doing it right
 And so that's what you guys understand like that's the fastest way to move forward quickly
 So anyway, I hope that hope that makes you kind of think a little bit. I heard someone there today
 I might have been sharpened
 Pretty sure it's him. I'm not positive. Anyway
 But basically said, you know if you look at if you look at the NFL or an NBA, right?
 They don't go and like okay
 I'm gonna go find a dude
 I'm gonna go train that person on how to do it and then hopefully become a good point guard someday or you know
 Be good quarterback like no they go
 They find the best quarterback and they recruit that person you're right like you should be doing the same thing for your business like
 This is your business. This is your NBA team like you're trying to win the Super Bowl, right? It's like oh
 You know plan above it's kind of cool. Anyway, like so if that's you and that's what you're kind of going for
 And what you think about that like okay
 Who's the like who the people in your recruit where they at let me go to the conference and go to the events?
 We find out what sells people out. Let me go to the sales force
 Let me call people and get them to sell me something if they're good. Let me see if they want a job and just
 aggressively
 recruiting the right talent for your team and I think that is a faster way to cash than anything else now
 I'm sure the questions come up like Russell what happens if I hire the guy and I give equity turns out to be an idiot to
 You know through weeks later well like sensitive to the contingencies like look first off you got to actually perform second off
 You know we're gonna run this for 30 days and the end 30 days
 We all get to sit it down and decide if we want to keep doing this if you you know and if you drove noodle no leads
 I'm gonna cancel this whole thing is you drove leads and this guy can sell or cancel thing if this guy drove leads
 This guy sold but nobody like a product we cancel this thing
 But let's sit down in 30 days or 90 days and it's reevaluate and at that point we're gonna figure out what makes the most sense
 We'll move forward and that way you're not stuck in the long-term contract or anything until you figure out that kind of works
 And then after that then it's okay now
 This has been three months in everything's working awesome. We're all making much money who wants to keep you in this exercise
 They're like yeah, we're all making money. Let's do it cool. All right. Let's do this out for
 A year and in a year if we're all still friends
 We also like this game then it's like split up into actual equity
 so tell her and this is just a make believe thing that we're seeing for all like each other if we can make it work and
 You know if you get the right people on board
 They'll be on board with that so
 Anyway, and then on top of that treat your partners really really really insanely good
 because I
 Promise you I know that I couldn't have built click fun. It's not my partners
 I know that I couldn't have built my family without my wife. I know that I couldn't like the people you bring in
 Are the ones that actually make possible? It's not you or me. It's the people we surround ourselves with people we recruited as the team we built
 So I hope it helps anyway
 That's it you guys. I'm gonna keep walking the track for a little longer because it's a beautiful night
 My skin has got bumps all over from all the mosquitoes
 But it's worth it because I got shows to you guys and get off my mind so I can actually sleep tonight
 but
 Charlotte can things that way start looking at who are the who's you need to?
 recruit your team and
 That way you can get to the all-store game so much faster. All right guys
 Thanks for everything appreciate you all and I'll talk to you soon. Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
