 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast I
 Have just finished day number three of the category Kings mastermind
 And now I'm driving to day number one of the inner circle and I just want to drop some thoughts on you of what's happened
 That's a couple days my insights. Well some of stuff. I'll be sharing today and hoping to other cool stuff. We'll be right back
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so the last three days have been insane
 I think I told you guys in the last episode we launched a new mastermind level called the category Kings is
 $150,000 to join and we got 15 people to sign up in like a day and a half or something which surprised me
 It was amazing in fact, okay, hold on for all you guys
 It's been really interesting like three or four people who are who are in that group right now like first thing
 Russell told us when we join the mastermind group is email our list and sell a mastermind group and one person like
 I did and sold 20 people and made my money back the first night at inner circle the very first time and then
 So it's like same thing same thing like three or four people
 So there's one piece of advice if you're like I need to make more money and you've got a list send him an email back
 Yo, I'm launching a mastermind you want in and I think for most you guys you'll be surprised what happens
 So anyway, throw that out there as a quick win, but I think all of you guys can do
 It's actually really interesting like today. I'm gonna be talking to the group about
 Like improvement offers versus new opportunities if you've read the expert secrets book
 I geeked out on there for like five chapters about it
 but
 New opportunities are what you want to sell because it attracts people who have desire and
 It's really good. You don't want to sell improvement offers typically because improvement offers
 Only attract people who have ambition right people who want to get who want to improve and the people who the group the bucket of people
 Want to improve is very very small now for you guys who are entrepreneurs who are listening to this podcast
 Interesting enough
 You're probably one of the few people who you know the small percentage of the world who actually does want to improve and in everyone's list
 There's like there's you know the majority is people have desires and there's a small group of people who want improvement
 And typically those are people that very very very very very very back of your value ladder right?
 It's your highest ticket people
 It's the people who are who have ambition right like that's
 Those are those are the people and they're they're few and far between but they're there and so like what's interesting if you look at like
 We announced this to our list and most people were probably $150,000 for a meeting
 No, but the ambitious people were like yes
 I want to improve boom and they didn't think about it wasn't a hard sell it was an easy thing and my guess is that on most people's list
 There's a small second people who are looking for improvement and a high-end mastermind or thing like that is what fulfills an improvement offer
 Right like it's they're gonna become better smarter anytime you have an ER it's an improvement offer
 Which is horrible for a friend and offer but it works for high ticket. So anyway another just thing to think out there
 Anyway, so I wasn't talking about today, which is really fun. So I'm in a really interesting phase of the business right now where
 As you guys know, we're about to launch ClickFunnels 2.0
 We just bought magnetic marketing. So we're about to relaunch Dan Kennedy's company
 We also bought Brad Callan's company, which was called Brixton. We renamed it boom Lee because that's the core kind of product in the product line
 and
 It's interesting because I'm in this phase right now. Well where I am either launching or relaunching
 my
 Core business and toilet businesses and so this match reminds them fun for me because I am rethinking through everything
 We're thinking through the problem we solve everything through what our new opportunity is our new opportunity by the way has shifted over the years
 And it's like what's the new opportunity today? And then what is the nuts and click funnels?
 What's new opportunity in in magnetic marketing? What's new magnet? What's new opportunity in boom Lee like like so I'm as I'm teaching the stuff
 It's fun for me because I'm literally in the middle of redoing these things for all the businesses
 I have and so it's giving me this really unique fun experience where I'm teaching the process
 I'm going through my head. So today for the master matter real estate 13 things that I'm currently doing and thinking through and trying to figure out for these businesses
 That I'm sharing with them as I'm going down the same rabbit hole that they are right because they're coming to me
 They all have like to be in this group yet have had at least one or two comma club and so
 They've all got a good business, but it's like okay. I've got this business
 How do I scale it? Well usually scaling is about reinvention right?
 Well got you here is not gonna get you there and it's true like the skill sets that the ideas the thoughts that get you from zero to
 Million dollars are one thing but the thoughts from a million to ten and ten to a hundred and a hundred a billion are different
 And so I'm gonna be sharing some of my thoughts that I'm trying to go from
 you know, whatever 200 something a year to a billion and
 How do we do it? What are we thinking through and it's?
 Anyways interesting and it's fascinating and exciting and so
 I want you guys who were listening today to look at it through this lens right like pretend like you're consulting yourself
 I thought like this I was preparing my presentation today. I was like okay if I was consulting myself
 I got these group people I'm consulting him
 But I'm them right I'm them just maybe the different step or different part of the journey
 But how would I consult myself? What would I do? What I say and I started going through these things?
 And especially if you've read my books before like you have the playbooks of what I do and what I teach like it doesn't shift
 Right, so like oh, there's a side. Yeah, I forgot about there's a new secret book like the fourth secret like you know
 I've fat like the foundation the foundation the fundamentals are the same like the principles are the same
 But for us it's like it's re going back and re looking at him and not forgetting him in fact
 It was interesting. I was telling the story yesterday to the category Kings that like
 Fun locking live or land though. So that's 2018
 I believe was the first time we launched the two gongle-kle-bex coaching program and it killed the first time I ever had eight figure day
 And it was insane right the next year we launched the fun like live again boom same thing eight figure day
 And I was like this is amazing and then I did what all smart entrepreneurs do
 Is the next year I was like hey we have something is perfect this works flawlessly tears in a row
 Let's change everything and so I literally changed name of the program the fulfillment like how we delivered like all the things
 I thought I thought I hadn't a better way
 to do it notice there's ER there which means I
 unknowingly I'm you know unconsciously shifted it from a new opportunity to an improvement offer and
 Last year's funnel-hacking live 2020
 The offer bomb like it we sold but I mean it was it was good compared to like what most people think they wasn't like
 We blinked but you know from going going from two years in a row
 We do over eight figures in the day to the next year you're only doing you know a couple million and
 You tied your costs the event all the stuff into this it was a big bomb
 It was a big failure for us and like while I was on stage during the presentation
 I can feel I was like oh no like this is this is a this is an improvement off like I forgot like my own core foundational teaching like expert
 Seeker's 101 like I've messed it up and I forgot even though I know this stuff
 I teach this if I've written about it, so it's coming back the fundamentals make it out like Russell
 And so we this last year restructured it went back to what worked before put it back into a new opportunity
 launched it and boom a figure dead and so
 Just yeah, these are the things to think through
 Is how would you consult yourself? What would you step back? What would you do?
 And so I'm excited to deliver this presentation today
 But hopefully gives you guys who aren't here just some ideas and some things start looking through and and how to consult yourself like
 Her mosey the light is no Alex. He joined in a circle with a goal of making 20 grand a month
 and then
 Ended up doing over a hundred million dollars in three years, which is amazing one thing he told me he's like most people read a lot of books
 He's like I read one book a lot of times and for him. He said it was expert secrets
 He read it when he got to the end he flipped it over start over and read it again
 We got the end he flipped over started again, and it's it's the fundamentals right it's
 It's it's Vincent Barty coming to his football team that are the best in the world and first day of practice
 Starting saying gentlemen, this is the football and that's where these things begin. So anyway
 I am almost to the event in fact I see a bunch of inner circle people walking. I'm gonna wave out the window Adam
 Right, what's up guys?
 Anyway, the circle you walk by they just freaked out
 Ah so exciting. All right, I got to go because I'm about park and get over to her at the meeting
 I appreciate you guys. Hope you're doing well and
 Someday I hope you can be in the inner circle with me so we can hang out and talk about these things together
 Until then keep listening podcast
 I'll keep dropping bread comes and ideas and thoughts and hints and things to help get you further along on your journey
 Thanks so much for listening and we'll talk to you soon everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 Questions through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to
 Your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting communities where I'm gonna be giving out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 I'll let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
