 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the "Marking Seekers" podcast.
 I want to share with you guys what I consider an insane case study.
 It isn't necessarily from the business world, but it's following a business principle that
 I talked about all the time and it happened for a little band.
 So that's Adam Cubes, theme song.
 I'm going to come back.
 I'm going to share with you guys the story about Jim and Sam.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to "Marking Seekers."
 All right, so as you guys know, I've been talking about publishing for years about the
 power of it and why we should be publishing daily.
 I remember at one of our two common club X events, I made a statement.
 I said to everyone in the audience that if you will publish every single day for a year,
 by the end of the year, I'm convinced you'll be financially free.
 And I think a lot of people looked at me and said, "Cool."
 Some people said there's no way and very few people actually did it.
 There are having people to have and those people, insanely enough, are having a lot
 of success right now.
 So anyway, I still stand by that.
 You pick where you're going to publish that and do it every single day for a year.
 You should be successful because a couple of things are going to happen.
 Number one, it will give you a chance and give you time to find your voice.
 And number two, it gives your audience enough time to come and find you.
 And so that's kind of the reason behind it.
 And so what's cool is this morning, Brian and Fisher, who's one of the guys here, my
 team that does all kind of our video stuff, he sent me this trailer.
 And I haven't watched the documentary.
 I've watched the trailer this morning and it was amazing.
 So I highly recommend you, if you go to WeAreJimNSam.com, you can go and watch the trailer for this
 documentary called After So Many Days.
 And so I don't know why he sent it to me, so I click play.
 And in this minute 50 trailer for this documentary, it tells a story about a couple who newly
 was in Jim and Sam who'd been trying for a decade to hit it with music, right?
 They were playing shows.
 They were practicing all sorts of stuff and for 10 years had no success.
 And they decided they needed to do something crazy.
 We needed to figure out a way to pay this thing successful.
 And so they decided that they were going to do a show every single day for 365 days,
 right?
 And again, I haven't seen the documentary yet.
 I am so excited to go and watch it.
 But just from the trailer, you see what happens as they go out there and they start doing
 a show.
 And some of the shows are like next to these guys cutting down trees because the only person
 that will listen to them, some of them are in these little bars.
 Some of them are just wherever they can find a place to perform a show in front of humans,
 right?
 And they start doing this and they start doing this.
 And by the end of the trailer, they are performing in front of these audiences of tens of thousands
 of people.
 And there's this quote in the trailer that was so powerful.
 In fact, I wrote down, because I wanted to share with you at the end of the trailer,
 he says, so here we go, making something happen every single day.
 And then boom, they start on this journey.
 And anyway, I want to share with you because, man, so many of us have this dream.
 We have our art, right?
 For Jim and Sam, it's their band.
 For you, it could be an offer, a product, a coaching program, a book, a course, a CD,
 a physical product, a service you do.
 It could be whatever, right?
 We have this vision, we have our dream, and we go out there and we try to put it out there.
 But the magic of this, and again, I cannot wait to watch the documentary.
 Probably end up having 10 more episodes, give me a gig and get out about this.
 But the concept of, all right, if we're going to be successful, it's not just going out
 there and dabbling, you're going out there, I'm going to read a book, I'm going to go
 try to whatever it's like, here we go, making something happen every single day.
 What are you doing every single day to make your dream come true, right?
 Like, what is it, right?
 For most of us, if we're selling some fun lives publishing, I know Nathan Berry, who is
 the founder, ConvertKit, a really good software program.
 He said the same thing, he's like, "I'm going to write a blog post every single day for
 a year."
 He sat down and he started doing it.
 And first, it was really, really hard, right?
 But then he got in the habit of this, like, every day I'm going to sit down, I'm going
 to write a thousand words, write a thousand words, every morning to a thousand words,
 thousand words.
 And by the time, you know, a year had come up, his company had blown up, like, so many
 good things happened from it.
 And so I think for all of us, man, they just served as such a good reminder, like, how
 do we publish something every single day, right?
 And so this is the rallying call.
 Okay?
 As you guys are going to commit to this and say, "Okay, I'm going to do this," the rallying
 calls this.
 So here we go, making something happen every single day.
 So what is that for you?
 What is that lever?
 What's the thing that if you do every single day, it's going to change everything for you?
 You've got to figure out exactly what that is and then focus on it and do it consistently
 every single day for a year.
 If you do that, a couple of things happen.
 Number one, you will find your voice.
 Okay?
 I guarantee that by then performing a show every single day for a year, what happened?
 They got better.
 They figured who will like.
 They mastered their craft, right?
 And the second thing is that as they're going out there and doing this over and over and
 over again, the consistency gave their audience a chance to find them.
 I talked about it in Traffic Secrets book as well.
 I shared one of Nathan Barry's 1,000 blog posts or 100 blog post, whatever, 365 blog
 posts he did that year, one of them was called, "You have to endure long enough to get noticed."
 And he talked about it.
 He said, "You know, it's interesting."
 So if you think about TV shows or movies or documentaries, like how many TV shows did you
 find out about like season four or five, right?
 And since the problems, there's so much content being created all the time that the market,
 the world waits to see what's good enough that's going to rise to the top, right?
 And so it's testing you.
 I think for all of us, it's like, okay, the universe, God, the market, you know, whoever
 is testing you, see like, do you really want this?
 How bad do you want it?
 How bad do you care about your message?
 Do you care about if you're going to, you know, blog once a week about it?
 Do you care about if you're going to blog every day about it?
 Do you care about it every single day?
 You're going to make something happen.
 Because if you do, if you are, then you get rewarded, okay?
 There's a reason now that I'm still having so much success in my business, right?
 Despite the ups and the downs and all the things, I have been doing this now for 18
 years.
 18 years, I've been beating this drum over and over and over again.
 I beat this drum when nobody was listening.
 I beat this drum when people were angry.
 I beat this drum when clients were leaving me.
 I beat this drum.
 I kept doing it and doing it and doing it because I believed in it so much because I cared about
 this message.
 I knew the impact it could and would have if I just kept doing it and kept doing it and
 kept doing it.
 And now 18 years later, you know, I'm still learning.
 I'm still becoming better.
 I'm still, I still make tons of stupid mistakes, right?
 But 18 years later, I found my voice, right?
 And my audience is finding me and it'll continue to hopefully continue to grow and
 keep evolving, but that's definitely what's happening.
 So it'll hopefully give you guys some encouragement.
 I highly recommend if you want to make sure you go to WeAreJib and Sam.com.
 Watch the trailer.
 Like I said, I'm totally going to go watch this documentary and I'm pumped to see it.
 And it's called After So Many Days.
 That's the name of the documentary.
 And I'm going to end this podcast with the line that ends in the trailer.
 So here we go, making something happen every single day.
 What is that for you?
 Commit to it.
 Do it.
 Again, two amazing blessings will come to you.
 Number one, you'll find your voice.
 Number two, your audience will find you.
 Thanks for listening.
 I appreciate you guys all and I'll talk to you all soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 Hey, everybody.
 This is Russell again.
 And really quick, I wanted to invite you to join arguably the best thing that we've ever
 put out inside the ClickFunnels community.
 And it is a challenge we call the One Funnel Way Challenge.
 You know, everyone in their business, in their life, they're one fun away from something.
 Some of you guys are one fun away from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one fun away from getting more impact.
 Some of you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level.
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your
 next funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business, this challenge is going to help you understand
 the strategy, help you understand the tactics, help you understand all the things you need
 to be successful with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now.
 Stop everything.
 Pause the audio.
 Go online and go to onefunnelway.com.
 That's onefunnelway.com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days, so go get started right now.
 Onefunnelway.com.
 (upbeat music)
