 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing series podcast
 Today your sword. This is part four of four of the interview from the mark joiner show and I hope you've enjoyed this
 This series so far. I had so much fun sharing this interview with mark
 And I hope that you get a ton of value and benefit out of as well
 With that said I'm gonna no further ado
 We'll clear you cute theme song and we come back
 I have a chance to listen to the exciting conclusion of my interview on the mark joiner show
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing sequence
 And now it's funny for me because then I feel like now are you know the the team's been doing good now the next phase is
 This crossing the chasm so like I'm having my core team
 I'll read this right now
 We're all geeking out on it because it's fast and you start learning
 And I pull that to use Google like crossing the chasm graph
 You'll see like a graph of the of the the five phase like the innovators early doctors
 And there's big chasm and on the other side is like the early majority and that's right the majority of business
 Like that's where that's where you go from like a hundred millions to billions is getting the early majority
 But it's there's a chasm because you have to shift everything
 Like it's it's hard for me because it's like the art that we use to get the the innovators and early adopters
 Like repels the people on their side of chasm
 It's like the funnels don't work over there that the messaging doesn't work over there how we structure like it's
 It's like oh do we really want to do that that thing?
 But it's like yeah like that's the next phase otherwise we're just gonna hang out we're at forever
 Right and you know there's we always say goods the enemy to great right we're doing good like and I want it
 Oh, yeah, there's there's perfect example the graph either. Yes, the big scary. Yeah, this is the big scary chasm. Yes
 And so for us like that's the next stage like the early majority feel good
 Look at my business right like the innovators were like the people the internet marketers or interested funnels
 Like they were the first group next to early adopters
 These for me are like the influencers the the creators the the the experts like
 Those are the next phase where they were like they're the people that are already like they're they're creating stuff
 And we're saying here's how to get your creative message out
 And so they've been really easy to become early adopters, but the early majority are
 The business owners it's the chiropractors the dentist the Lasik surgeon the big that's one of the majority of
 you know like existing businesses need funnels like how do we make this mansion?
 How do we get to that next tier and like and it's you know
 There's some that's bled into that but for us to make that strategic move it's hard because the dentist doesn't build their own funnels right
 Personal the book or there's the course whatever's typically a they're still the the CEO and the marketer
 And so like they're loving this stuff because they don't spend the time to learn the strategy to do the thing over here
 They're dentists wants more dental clients, right or they're they're the the restaurant who want like they're not marketers
 They're not gonna learn marketing. They just want the tool
 It's like we have to restructure so much of like how the software alone needs to be rebuilt differently for to be able to handle that next phase that
 the marketing that like it's it's literally like
 It's it's it's a big it's a big rebuild. So there's fear. There's excitement
 There's there's kind of that thing and we're testing a lot of things on a small scale. Just kind of figure out pieces of it
 um
 But that's the that's the next the next phase for us. So
 That's beautiful dude that that was a fantastic example or for a fantastic answer
 Um, I don't think you could give a more concise better answer than that because you don't know
 You don't know it is a big scary chasm and you guys are about to cross it
 But you have some clues though, you know, I mean, you know that looking at you know
 Just going back to good old fashion Eugene Schwartz and looking at the tools that he gave us for you know
 Changing the messaging. I think I think a lot of your answers are gonna be found there
 Listen, do you have a couple minutes for a few questions? We got tons of them, but I know we've been going a little while
 And
 All right. So what so um a lady here
 Um named rise of truth. She says dan gable coached at my alma mater
 Have you ever listened to him talk about the letter to his his mother wrote to him while he was attending college?
 Pretty awesome. I have not but now i'm gonna look that up. That's fascinating
 Yeah, dan is he's the first, you know, don't dang gables like the michael jordan wrestling. He's a legend
 um
 And um, I took a snapshot. I'm gonna go look at the letter now. That's actually really cool
 Yeah, i'm kind of curious about that too. Well, it's funny it reminds me of how uh, you know when edison
 Was a very young man
 His his school wrote him a his mother a letter saying hey, you know your your son is basically
 Not teachable, you know, he's not smart enough to be in school
 But then she said oh, I got a letter from school and what I read to them was that you're too smart to be in school
 So you have to be homeschooled
 And then later on in life after he had achieved all of this he saw that original letter
 And it just it it just you know ripped him to shreds because he realized you know how how much his mom sacrificed and how much her belief in him
 Changed his own perception of himself and that's such a profound lesson then because if we can all just change our belief in ourselves
 A little bit we're all capable of so much more than we're taught to believe
 And while you know while we're opiateing ourselves with all this crap
 On tv and and we're all involved in all of our different, you know distractions
 You know these things are also subtly weakening us and programming us with the message that hey
 There's this there's this wonderful life that other people are watching or they're living on the other side of the screen
 But that's not for you
 You're meant to be in this little box where you're the observer of everything on the screen
 While you stuff your face with hogging does and and take more fentanyl, you know, I mean that's
 That's that's literally what's happening to a lot of society right now
 And I think what we've got to do to kind of turn society around before it destroys itself
 Is to get people to understand that we're all capable of so much more
 That we've been taught that we're capable of and the more people we can reach with that message
 I think the the better hope humanity has kenith kern san you had a really interesting question
 He uh he was talking about basically
 Um, I'm not going to phrase it the way he did he he phrased it in kind of a slightly rude way
 No offense kenith, but I I didn't I didn't I don't know what you meant by the way you phrased it
 But the question you asked at the end was very important
 But you know, he's talking about how you're getting out there all the time
 You don't see this on on the queue here. This is from another thread I started where I I a couple days ago
 I asked people to just say hey
 Tell me, you know what your questions are for Russell
 And basically his question was would you be in out there so much and being so visible now
 How do you deal with online haters?
 Oh man, um
 Man, um
 When I first got started back about time I met you initially like um, you know, that's the first time I started getting hate
 So it's been
 Man whatever 15 16 years ago and that when I first started and it was really hard back then like it
 Man, I always see something it would put me out for three or four days
 I said they're just depressed or upset or whatever and it was really really hard. Um,
 And I remember a couple of the I'm
 A couple of these to help me one thing I remember Dan Kennedy said, uh, if you haven't offended someone by noon each day
 And you're on marketing hard enough?
 Weird released me. I'm like, oh
 Like, um, not that I I don't know if I really believe that but like it gave me a little permission
 And the more I've the more I've seen the the hate
 Um, the more I the more I rise it's it's people that they're happy with themselves
 Um, I try not to look at it because it does like if I read something it'll it'll mess me up for for a while
 Um, but for most part when people like especially on ads, I mean you get beat up in the ads you get, you know
 There's just the more you're visible the more stuff happens the hard thing for me is when there's people that um
 That you
 That you've helped or you love or you respect or whatever
 And that doesn't happen often but when like those are the ones that are that are that are more brutal
 You know, I mean we were just like, oh like
 Like I've had a couple people that I've spent a lot of time developing it would help me out
 Success and then they're they seem like sometimes they're the ones that come back the hardest and you're like seriously like
 Like yeah, I know you've
 Free right, you know, yeah
 Those ones are the most for most part people that are just posting stuff like I think it's funny at this point
 Um, it doesn't bother me at all, but I know my wife just started her first podcast, which is so far out of her comfort zone
 She's very
 You know keeps herself and so she's you know, she's getting out people commenting and things are happening
 And it's like the first time she said I'm remembering I'm like I forget how hard that can be in fact was interesting
 I did um, I think I oh yeah
 We talked earlier I have a podcast the Book Mormon podcast
 And as far as I tell people all the time I go and publish go and publish but I start publishing that
 And like I had all sorts of things. I said I still do like I don't publish that near as much as I want to because like
 I get the fear again because it's like I don't know like on the marketing side like I can take it like
 Like go for it like you take your best shot, but like another thing is you that are
 You know as comfortable as talking about or things you really hold you hold sacred or dear whatever it's a little harder
 um, but when all of a sudden down I think that um,
 That God has created these platforms for us to share and if we're not willing to share
 You know, then he'll he'll give the he'll give the
 The ability of the gifts the ideas whatever to other people and so I think it's just um, you know
 We've all been entrusted a lot. So it's just like be willing to share it even if you know, even if you get beat up a little bit longer away
 So anyway, that's right. Well, yeah. Oh, dude. Well, you know, I have many many short stories along those lines
 I should share
 And I that's something I've had to learn, you know the hard way
 But you you have to you have to give up and you have to trust a little bit
 I mean, you know having so many things, you know, I I took it very personally, you know along the way
 I want a lot of people but I helped even like straight ripped stuff off, you know
 Or like, you know, even like turned around and did you know nasty moves behind my back and stuff like that
 And then I was kind of like, you know what? Well, here's the thing
 I can look at this through another lens. I can say from for whatever reason
 I've been gifted with the ability to you know to to get these ideas and it would be a conduit for these ideas
 And I'm grateful that that conduit is still open
 You know and I and I think that if I if I keep that channel open and keep giving it
 It's going to keep coming and what I need to focus on is the is the infinite abundance
 Of that source of of that inspiration rather than like, oh man, you know, if I had patented the tracking pixel
 You know, I I you know, like I mean, this is the things people come up to me. They're like mark
 Talk them you didn't patent ebooks or the tracking pixel like doesn't that make you so mad?
 And i'm like
 Not really because because think about it, right? Like let's say I had patented the tracking pixel
 Right, they would have probably came up with some other very similar technology called it something else
 Now everybody's still even though it's a it's a j s file
 They still call them tracking pixels and I get to be known forever more as the is the you know the inventor of the tracking pixel
 Right. So I mean, maybe it wouldn't have worked out the same way how I patented it
 Right, maybe it would have got a totally different way. Maybe it was actually the best possible way
 For things to turn out for me, you know
 So I I you know, I'm learning how to change my orientation about that
 But I want to ask you something about this. Do you ever give online haters a little sass?
 When they when they when they when they when they because I I've experimented with this a bit over the last couple years
 I got to say normally for a while. I was just like, all right, just be kind to everybody
 But then I was like, you know what man some of these people need a little bit of a slap back every now and then
 And I started getting a little bit more sassy over the last couple years
 and uh
 How about you have you have you experimented with that?
 Oh
 You know, I it's funny because I would say since clip phones come out there's been probably three or four times where I just like
 You just snap and you're like thumbs are flying on your phone. You're like, uh, you post it
 and um
 and
 I can honestly every time I've done that I've regretted it
 Okay
 And it's now
 I look at this with click phones as well. Like it's not
 Just me like everything I say is an extension of my partner Todd and my other partners in my employ
 So I like I was especially like there's this one dude. I'm not gonna say his name. Somebody who
 I had a lot of respect for
 We've never had any like
 Just just weird like we've never like communicated and I thought we were I mean, it was coming a little bit
 I thought we were I assume we were friends where I peers and he started going off on his on his own personal wall about like
 like
 aggressively like tearing me down like yeah, so confusing and like
 Anyway, so I I said some things I
 Probably should know
 So I it's tough especially like the wrestler me because like man if you say it to my face we are going like
 like
 you know, I
 They please come
 It's not post publicly for everyone to see the fight like we can have that fight right here
 When we was off their torso
 It's it's so yeah, it's it's frustrating, but you know and all sudden that it's just like
 Yeah, it's well
 I'll tell you the distinction I have on this right so I if I put if I reply out of anger, I always regret it
 But sometimes if I come back with like just a really like it, you know, and I you know, I'd gaf
 You know attitude zinger that just like puts them in their place
 It's that that one. I'm like, nah, I don't regret that because you totally had it coming and they shut up
 Right and then it teaches them like okay, man if you give us back
 Yeah, I mean whatever people think I'm gonna say something very divisive here
 And I'm not gonna get into politics or anything
 But whatever people think about Trump whether they hate him or love him and it seems to be a completely divisive thing like
 You know, he's not there nobody's like in the middle of I think I'm like the only guy on the planet who's like
 I don't really have an opinion. I can look I can look at him through a million different lenses
 You know what I mean?
 There's so many ways to look at what he does right but one thing that you have to recognize about the guy
 Is that when somebody punches in he punches back hard, right?
 Asked it's like and asked yeah, and it makes people hesitate. They're like
 I don't know if I can tango with this dude, right?
 So it's an interesting thing to observe. I don't know if there's any one right way. All right, we've been going along
 I go here on your facebook comments because you always post these
 These questions that are like you can tell you're like
 You're like sure in the pot a little bit like let's just go both sides. You're gonna say to this question
 You know, yeah
 Because I was like I I don't know if I strong have strong opinion one way that I'd like defend anything. I love reading saying
 same
 Well, I see my and by the way, I'll just say people misunderstand like they think I'm doing this for engagement bait
 And it's like dude if I was trying to game facebook for marketing. I wouldn't be doing what I'm doing on facebook
 I mean, I I see what I do is more or less of a public service
 I feel like what I'm doing out there is kind of like trying to teach people like man
 Stop being so rigid about your view of reality because you don't know man
 You don't know and I'm trying to get people to like be okay with
 disagreeing with other people
 And and I mean that's been sort of like my whole mission on social media is to to create an environment where people can be like
 Hey, let's see if we can like actually look at things dispassionately
 And and look at them through somebody else's eyes
 And you know and maybe say to ourselves, you know what? I see this completely differently from that other guy
 But but I don't have to hate this dude, you know, like he sees it differently from me
 We can we can still get along
 This has been a quick sotty battle for me. I don't I don't think I've succeeded in this mission
 I don't how much longer it's gonna last. I think I'm probably gonna change up my
 My approach on it. Hey, listen, let me let let me end on one last question
 I don't know if this is one you're gonna want to ask but it's from a mutual friend of ours. You remember Brad kalen. Yeah, I love Brad
 Yep, I love Brad too, man. He is a great dude
 And he asked the question that I don't know if you're gonna want to answer
 Because it's some very personal questions about numbers. Okay. All right. So he says
 Posted this earlier and also mentioned directly to him
 But having uh him give you some tangible numbers on click funnels
 Things like total number of free trial users and by the way, I don't think I would answer this question if I were Russell
 Okay, if somebody were to ask me this about simple analogy. I don't think I would answer
 I don't think I would answer so I'm very and I and guys if Russell refuses to answer
 Do not fault him because he he has under no obligation to answer this question to anybody
 Yeah, especially Brad though. Oh, we love Brad. Brad is an awesome dude. All right, so
 So um things like total number of trial users they get per day
 What per percentage of those stick and are billed at least once what the average
 Member length is what the churn rate is what the refund rate is that would really help those of us building software businesses to know what numbers
 We need to hit monthly to reach click funnels level revenues and valuation
 Assuming Russell wouldn't know exact numbers off the top of his head
 But maybe some broad guesses the more actual data of any sort of numbers metrics he can give would be great
 For those that have been at this for a while and also help broaden the mindset and goal setting on what's possible
 Um, and then he said ps anything not covered in his books would also be ideal
 I'll answer the ps wait for the wait for the two sequels coming out here pretty soon
 Um, I'll try add I mean, I don't know no no drop my head. I'm not a big data guy
 I'm more the creative side. So some of my partners stands for a lot of it better than me
 But um, I'll search some stuff. I think it'll be helpful motivating for people because I remember
 Um, when we we launched click phones the van I told you at the very beginning where I did the first presentation
 I was like, oh my gosh. We have the message right?
 Um, it was kind of a funny event because they had a van you could buy a booth and there was like
 It was a hallway like half the size of the roommate right now
 And there were only four people about boost click funnels had our very first booth ever and then lead pages had a booth
 And two other people and like this side hall was lead pages inside his click files
 We were almost touching and like we were like that was our big competitor when first got started
 Um, and I remember I was just like it was really funny because our ban rad said can your landing page software do this
 They had a picture of a funnel and then right there. There's like landing page software
 Anyway, it was really funny. Um, but at that event I remember um, uh, clay Collins who I don't know if he still owns lead pages
 Not by the time he owned it. Um, I think he's still anyway, but
 He he told Mike Phil saying I think I don't remember exact numbers
 But I think he said like we get
 He'll move there's like 200 or maybe 300 signups a day that were happening
 And remember he told me that and I was like there's no way that's possible
 I remember thinking that was and I sat home and sat home thinking forever like how do you get two 300 signs a day consistently every single
 Then I just that number drove me crazy
 Um, but then it became like my kpi like okay, how many do we get a day?
 Like I need to know and it was like three and there was like, you know, five
 But because you know anything you track it starts to grow. So we kept looking at looking at it
 Um, and so for me that that became the number to look at because I was like couldn't figure out how he was doing it
 And so um, I can use them again basically right now we get about
 1500 people a day they go to clay phones.com and start the trial which is step one
 Which basically pick a name and a username?
 And then from that step two is where they put in a credit card and about half of those were putting in a credit card
 So we're getting
 Uh, seven 800 pay like they're not paid but credit card trials a day
 They're coming to the into the into the platform. Some days are higher. Some days we get thousands and as it's, you know
 Five 600 but but pretty consistently it's around 1500
 Free leads a day and then again half a little more than half actually for the finish credit card
 Um, and that's about all the numbers. I really know off the top of my head. I know that um, you know, we we are it's a
 It's interesting at this point in the game like that that those people come whether we're
 buying a lot of ads or not the game now on our side is the churn stuff because every percentage of churn like we drop churn right now by
 1% this next to 20 million dollars a year revenue to the bottom line by 1%
 And so and so it's like that's the game right now. It's like how do we simplify the software?
 How do we change the leaf flow? How do we how we pre-frame it better? Like there's so many things
 That it's it's a fun game and that number is always fluctuating and and we're always like chopping it down by like a fourth of a
 Point and half of it, you know, so I don't know what it is right now off top my head
 But I do know like that's the number right that matters more right now in new leads because
 Like I said half percent 1% it changes like it's it's a big deal
 And by the way, so to to to wrap this up. I just want to tell Brad the answer russell
 Just gave you is actually better than specific numbers
 That he could have given you why because he's teaching you the secret formula for what to look at right?
 It doesn't matter how your numbers stack up to some other company
 What matters is the improvements that you make to your numbers right now
 That's the only thing that really really matters and it's you know, sometimes, you know
 Competition is a good way to motivate yourself
 But it's not the best way to improve yourself because if you're looking at the other guy
 You're not watching your own lane, right? You need to be watching your own lane. You need to be improving your game
 Yeah, check out the other guys numbers from time to time to kind of see how you're doing
 But really 99 percent of your focus needs to be on how do I improve me?
 How do I improve, you know, what's going on inside my company?
 And usually by the way, how to improve what's going on inside and your company
 Comes down to improving what's going on inside you. All right, listen Russell
 I know I've been keeping you up late and I know you've got you got kids to take care of and you got a company to go back to tomorrow
 And it's getting late and we are way past your uh your bedtime here
 I want to encourage everyone go to simpleogie.com/clickfunnelsfree
 For the very at the very least check out the free trial funnel that click funnel that they have there because Russell has owned that
 Through, you know thousands upon thousands of split tests now
 And you guys will see their marketing structure how they're doing that how they're retargeting it how they get you guys back on email
 all of that
 And also the software itself is absolutely amazing
 And I want to encourage everybody as well if you enjoyed this tonight
 If you appreciate the fact that Russell here spent almost two hours now
 Give it a some pretty amazing inside information
 On a business that is actually right about to cross that
 Hazard and start to reach that billion dollar mark and I and I can almost guarantee you guys they're going to make it
 No one Russell and no one how they're doing
 If you appreciate what he has delivered tonight, I want you guys to share this
 Far and wide with as many people as possible
 If you think this has helped you let's get this message out to more people in any comments
 You guys can put underneath all of this to say thank you to Russell as well
 I'm sure he would be very very appreciative to get that no matter how well we do
 We always want to be appreciated for our contributions and Russell. I appreciate you very very much man. You uh,
 Man, I'm so proud of what you've done and and you have become an inspiration for me
 You make me want to be a better person and you have set a higher bar and at 51 years of age now
 I feel invigorated watching you feeling so successful, you know, and I'm now, you know
 Inspired to take my company, you know to a higher level as well because of what I see you doing. So thank you for that, man
 Thank you. Thanks for having me on. I had a really good time
 Had a chance to do something for a long time. I mean, we're always in the thick of it and you know
 We did this late night. So it would work for me. I appreciate you letting me do that, but
 Um, you know, I was gonna kind of wrap with just saying it's interesting like in your life
 There's you know
 Your life's a timeline from you're born and then over here you die and and there's different people that that as you're on this journey that like
 That like shift your direction a little bit and you know a little shift in direction can be a huge different outcome in different spots
 And I'm just honestly so grateful for you man. I started this journey
 17 18 years ago and I was floundering trying to figure things out like you were the guy who
 who literally grabbed me and shifted my direction and and completely transformed the
 The trajectory and the future of my life and anyway, I always be grateful for you for that and um anyway
 so so I'll let you know that and uh
 And uh, just grateful that you put in as much time as you have that you know, I think
 um
 Again, I always talk about my with my own tribe, but you know, I I feel like
 Businesses are calling from god and that we've been called a server group of customers and if we do it right we change their
 We changed their lives and and you definitely changed my life
 And so thank you for for hearing the call and and putting forth the effort and the time and I know from experience
 It's not easy. It's not painful
 It's way easier to go to date and go watch tv and do whatever and and you know through those those times
 I'm sure we're hard for you at the beginning of the internet before facebook
 You were either killing yourself and I'm learning the stuff from trouble asin for people like me so that we could
 We could get on your shoulders and learn from you and uh and set our own path
 So uh always be super grateful. We turn away for you. So thanks for all you all you've done for my life
 Thank you, man. I'm humbled
 All right, everybody you guys have a beautiful night. I enjoyed this immensely and Russell hope to talk
 I will see you actually very soon. You come on. We hate me. You know, I bet that's gonna be awesome
 That's gonna be awesome. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I appreciate you coming see him boys you brother. See you everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Um, arguably the best thing that we've ever put out
 Inside the click phones community and it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel way from something some of you guys are one funnel way
 From quitting your job. Some of you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts
 Some of you guys are funnel way from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand
 The strategy help you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So, uh, I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
