 Hey everyone's Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. So I gotta know how was how was the first episode of my wife?
 Ah
 So nervous and excited to share her with you guys. She is such an amazing person who doesn't get any of the limelight or the spotlight
 This is kind of the first time she's had a chance to be out there
 And so hope you guys enjoyed the first episode if you haven't listened to yet go back and listen episode number one
 We cover three really fun questions and again if you're liking these
 Please take a picture on your phone or every listening to it go to Facebook or Instagram or wherever you do social stuff
 And post it and do hashtag marketing secrets and tag me
 Because I'd love to see your thoughts and then comment it in the comments of your of your post what you thought about episode number one
 What you liked about it? What was meaningful for you?
 What you know what helped so let me know on that one and then do the same thing with this episode
 So episode two right now, we're gonna jump into we've got four questions
 We're gonna go through it now
 So I'll tell you what the four questions are real quick and then we'll jump in question number four was if you had to start over
 What advice would you give you young yourself?
 It's a really good question number five. What does it mean to be a Brunson? What's your family culture like question number six?
 How does your family stay motivated during tough times?
 And how do you reset in question number seven?
 What are some marriage and parenting systems that you are working that are working for you?
 So oh man excited if you guys listen to this next episode again go
 We're gonna keep a theme song when we get we come back
 We'll all play the next segment of the interview and again if you're liking this or getting the ideas or aha's
 Please take a screenshot of your phone post it and tag me and let me know what you guys liked about this episode with my beautiful wife
 Collette all right, let's keep things on and we'll be right back
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right question number four, okay, if you had to start all over again
 What would you do different this time and what would what advice would you give your younger self? I?
 Know don't be that mind. Yes. All right
 So at the seven-year mark when we were struggling in our marriage and everything and we
 Traged traditional counseling but I think the biggest impact for both of us was going to Tony Robbins like I would keep you up
 First walked on fire. I came home. I was like
 It was like we're both the same state when I left and then Tony gets you up to here
 I came home and I was like well clit really depressed you should go so she went and she came a fire like like everything was
 Everything's awesome, and I remember then went to date with destiny after we did like that year
 We did like everything Tony had for
 Tony like the whole year basically, but we went to um
 to a date with destiny and I remember Tony talked about the six human needs and and
 And all kind of stuff and he talked about why we do what we do like what need are we trying to get met?
 And it was interesting because it was like it helps me like what's your primary needs of me like my primary need that I
 There's primary desire. I have is love and connection like I'm looking for love and connection, right?
 and in my head though I was like I
 Need to go get significance so my wife will love me and connect with me
 So I'm gonna hire trying to like you know take over the world and like you know make a million
 You know all this kind of stuff and like thinking like me being significant would make her love me more
 so I went through this indirect pattern to try to get love and connection like that was the whole thing and
 I remember one day we did a launch into like a million dollars
 I came home and I was like you know conquer like we need a million dollars and she was like I just wish you'd come home
 And I remember like Debbie downer
 I'm like but I just conquered this thing and I had the realization David destiny is like
 Like she loves me already. We already have connection like I don't have to go prove anything
 It's like I'm going through this huge long path to get the thing that's just right here and like that was my big thing and I think
 And I don't know if it's just me
 I think a lot of entrepreneurs that we do it initially because we need that significance like we're looking for that because we
 Want love and connection with with our spouse or our parents or whoever is we're trying to try and impress
 I think if I was to start over again like I would I would
 Like take things slower and just and just I don't know
 I think that there was a period in our life as I was building where I was checked out
 And I was doing the thing and that you know drove us apart as opposed to like
 Like not being so obsessed with like the end goal and just slowing down and surely I don't know
 You know, I think it's and thing that we launched click from the same thing like me and Todd had disconnected everything to be able to like
 Get this thing off the ground
 But now it's it's a lot better spot where now it's fun to we're traveling together
 We're doing a bunch of fun thing and like she came to it some this master
 I'm Puerto Rico and like it just more things together. I would slow down
 I think it done more of that for the very beginning as opposed to like think I have to go leave to go get
 Significance to come back and you know slate the beast and come back and like I heard is I would have been more like
 Hey, let's go get this thing together
 So what's it's funny because she already loved you when you were selling potato guns making 20 bucks a day, right?
 Yes, we forget that like I like I feel like I'm in counseling right now
 This isn't about me
 And anything else you want to add or do you want to go to question?
 I think that's pretty good like
 I want you to go back and talk about what it means to be a Brunson like your kids perspective, you know for us
 We're obsessed with this stuff. We have our own family logo on we have these shirts
 We had made custom do hard things is one of the things we tell our kids right like
 All kinds of stuff and I know that Russell thinks that's really cool because he's like geeking out when we talked about it a couple times
 But tell us what's unique about your family culture
 First of all, I want to do all the cool stuff you guys are doing. I it's yeah, there's some cool things are doing
 anyway, I
 Think a couple things they really think I watch club ring the table. It's really fun is
 Especially after like after 20 Robbins we realized that like every morning our poor kids wake up and they're about to go to the
 Evilest place on earth we call school
 It's like you know like I remember waking up as a kid hating waking up and hating on to school and like you're miserable to schools over
 And what Clutchly good at is like getting the kids
 Excited in the morning sites you turn music on it should be goofy and dance with them like doing stuff to get them so that like
 Waking the morning is not a horrible thing like trying to get Greg get them to crack a smile and like
 The kids were a little less like Dan like picking up dancing around the whole house with them and like trying to get them to like not be miserable
 You know
 The good states like going conquer school or conquer the difficult things is one of my favorite things I watch to collect you all the time
 Weather weather cool things. We always tell them that Brunson because all the kids don't want to wrestle ever
 So my name is like Brunson's Russell. We do hard thing
 They yeah, that's a big one
 NLP and your kids to make them become wrestlers Russell. What's that you use NLP and your own kids to convince get them to be wrestling
 I don't think that stuff works on your wife or kids. It's really
 Works on everybody else so stubborn
 Yeah, when Ashley drops off the kids at school
 Just tell them all the stuff it's there
 Oh gosh, I
 Know we pray that's like one thing we do but we make the prayer a little bit more fun
 So a little more fun at the end I say in all my people said and they like
 If they don't yell amen loud enough it doesn't count doesn't count we got to pray again
 And we just sit in line well and then you rolled under window and say I love you way too loud to embarrass
 Yeah, and I do this lifting to you that they like and I go bring him out bring him out and I'm like she weighs
 She's three foot tall and 39 pounds and she likes to party
 They lay so that are and I do that for all my kids
 They don't think it's cool some of them do you know I think it's cool until like fourth grade
 Embarrassing out they just own it like yeah, mom you best mom
 My sixth grader just puts his hood on and walks
 I'm curious because Russell takes the kids of schools certain days
 same thing in the funnel hacker gee with music pumping
 whatever else like clashing I never know and
 Breaking the rules going up the wrong way
 The kids in it didn't love it and so I'm like in there middle those are the middle schools
 So I'm like you like that is cheap, yeah, I feel like the lame-o and then I get in the mom mobile. Let's go. Oh
 One time I tried to download that song bring them out bring them out and then I downloaded it and I didn't listen to it before it played it
 Like totally inappropriate in my mind. I just thought it was just the bring them up bring them up
 Nope
 Do it yourself
 One of the things you were talking I thought about that we did about a year ago
 It's really cool is after
 Sharf and came into band he talked about said family goals and he was talking about this art business like in your business having like
 A Hall of Fame goal, right? And then and then you back to that like okay
 What's your super bowl goal like the yearly goal? Then you have your weekly your monthly's and so we did this
 Not quite a year ago. We said there's a family. What's our super bowl or what's our Hall of Fame goal like like someday?
 Like what do I mean known for it? What's the Hall of Fame goal and so
 What we set for that goal?
 so in the in the Mormon Church, there's temples and
 Like the best thing to do is to get married inside the temple
 It's where you're silled for all time in eternity and it's this really special thing
 But to go to the temple yet to be worthy
 She had to be you're living the commandments if you're doing stuff like that
 And so and so our family like the Hall of Fame goals that we all want to when Nora is old enough to get married in the
 Temple or the baby
 She's the baby
 We all want to be worthy enough that we can be in the temple with her
 So that's like our that happens and yay, we were successful as parents. Yeah, our family
 You know like that's kind of the thing and it might not happen
 You know who knows but that's like so every night now it's fun
 They all pray like please love us will be worthy to be in the temple with nor when she gets married
 And that's like like a thing that we go to strive sweet
 And then and then we said like the Super Bowl goal
 So what's the goal for the year now that's gonna get us closer to the you know
 Hoss them to Hall of Fame
 So the goal we set was to be able to read the whole book of Mormon as a family which we've been trying to do that since they were born
 It's really good there two years later. Yes, we set the goal below and then and then we see you know when the Super Bowl
 They get to go somewhere crazy. I'll go to Disneyland. They don't get right on their heads
 Like what he has more when you succeed and we hit this goal
 So they all wanted to go on a cruise with some of their Disney crews their friends
 So we set it set the goals at the date and they were so cool
 Like they their times like when we'd be out on a date and they're like texting
 It's like we just read two chapters and like you know
 We're out of town and they're reading and like they actually they set the goal and pushed it
 It was so cool to see them achieve the goal and then she clasps up
 So Disney when we were on the cruise they came out and gave us the wards and cake and all sorts of crazy stuff to celebrate
 Question number six how how does your family stay motivated or focused during tough times?
 And what does your family do to reset when things get out of sync?
 I say reset we kind of like I'm gonna start with the reset. I feel like for instance Russell was as busiest
 I Christmas break all the things that we ended up going to
 McCall Idaho, which is a couple of hours out of town
 In a little cabin disconnected and it just reset like everybody was playing board games
 Everybody was together in this tiny little kitchen
 Which I love like I don't know this is big home people can just like scatter and they're gone
 I feel like you can eat dinner. They're gone and so
 Like and we're stuck in a little thing in this cute little place and we're tight together doing the things and so
 For a reset. I just love that going either on
 even if you can't go for a couple of days just a walk or
 Take it from outside and just yeah, just to reset. I just thought you guys built fun
 family to reset
 I love that. I don't feel like you guys probably have or at least Russell
 Seems like he's a here. He's a motivated guy, right?
 So how do you stay motivated?
 You just kind of are that right and then you guys put a robins and you're doing the dance parties in the morning
 But that's really valuable right resetting is there internet at that cabin
 There was a wife I think we got they had a smart TV
 We didn't have made our phones, but that's all we have we didn't have Russell didn't even pack his computer open
 Which was I've never seen that in a lot of years
 Yeah
 So hard that is so hard that is no joke. Okay question number seven
 This is a good one and when I say system, I'm gonna ask you what the most important
 Marriage system and parenting system is that's you know throughout your journey
 System is you probably people don't say that phrase, right? We're gonna kind of bring that phrase out
 But it's just a the way that you do something. It's where every family is already fully systemized the question is
 Are the system serving you well? Are they serving your kids?
 Well, right? It's not if you need systems
 You already have them the way you talk to yourself the way that you take care of your body or don't the way
 So what do you think in terms of marriage?
 Systems and parenting systems. What are a couple really important ones that come to mind?
 Ladies we were in these questions ahead of time. We're like that was like huh?
 Maybe we need to work on our systems
 We think we are like I feel like we've never had like a really awesome system other than positive vibes
 I need a baking for us is that we go to church every Sunday and then one thing that that
 One of the blue star churches we have a thing every we call family night and so we're not perfect at I wish we were perfect
 I have a
 Dominize we sit down and it's cool because it starts opening prayer and then
 You know usually there's spiritual thought we try calendar like what's happening this week?
 So we have some context of what's happening
 and then
 We should better use kids. You should always make treats and stuff. We should probably get back to that
 You saw we had a family meeting board and they always like I don't think so I ain't leave the music
 I get it
 Y'all the stuff in their younger. Well, they're growing up. Yeah into the prickly teenager years where teachers are hard
 Yes, the teenagers already. Oh, yeah, he's 12. He's 12. Yeah, almost. Oh and it's so it's so hard
 I'm like this is a whole new avenue of life like
 13 and it's like one thing like in a 15 year old body one's like in a nine year old body so it's kind of like
 The old ones like it's so hard and they beat each other all the time like how do you referee that you let them fight it out to you?
 We're in the middle of craziness trying to figure it out. So
 Suggestions, please anybody
 You have a guess to speak that part out. Let us know we'll listen to that one and then we'll come back
 We're gonna find the answers like this whole project. We're not trying to beat gurus at all
 We're just we want to do this we want to be intentional with our family and so like we're just gonna facilitate and crowdsource
 System ideas, you know and like deliver that to the tribe or whatever and
 Because literally I've been taking notes like I'm just like oh my goodness
 Like as I've been learning from like the entrepreneur part and then also the parenting part. It's mind blowing. Yeah
 So with your kids like
 In regards to parenting or marriage systems, I know you guys do date night sometimes but with Russell schedule
 It's probably next to impossible to have total consistency. I'm assuming
 But what about with your kids? Is there any like um
 Little things you do annual things is there like um one thing I'll give you one thing that I do that's really cool
 Is we do
 Sawyer sunday maverick monday tucker tuesday finley friday
 And it's not perfect at all due to a thursday
 I'll sit down and play legos for 45 minutes and just be totally focused on that one kid at a time
 That little thing is
 Ridiculous the impact it has on the kids, but that's like an example. Is there anything else you guys do as bronson's?
 That's want to do that. See I feel like individually. We're not awesome. I feel like we're like
 I mean we go out and play and we play hard like so Russell's outside playing with all the kids but for individual like for instance, I um
 I've done I haven't done it in forever, but I pulled one of my kiddos out of lunch the other day and chicken to lunch
 She's like mom. I really needed that but of course his love language is quality time
 and um
 And we can all get the all fight. I think that's a big thing we got to start doing
 We always come with cool names for our kids in the days of the week because I don't know
 I'm going to come up with this one. I'm going to share it later. Yeah
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at ww. funnel hacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
