 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody, this Russell, welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 I think in the five years I've known a podcast, I've only once ever interviewed somebody else.
 So this is the second interview on the show, and I'm excited because today,
 our special guest is Nicole Arber, who's, if you guys follow her on social, she's amazing.
 She's actually here at Boise State ClickFunnels headquarters.
 We are making a funnel with her, which is, that's all I want to do with my life, so it's great.
 And then I was like, can we pull you aside an interview for
 30 minutes or an hour?
 I don't know how long ago about her as a marketer, cuz I know you get interviewed
 you're on Rolling Stone, all these things about the stuff you're doing.
 But I've never heard someone just pick your brain on the marketing side,
 cuz you're an amazing marketer, you have videos that go viral every five seconds.
 And I wanted to talk more about that stuff cuz that's what's fascinating to me and to my world.
 So first off, thank you for hanging out.
 >> You're kidding, thank you for having me.
 I have everybody on my team knows I've been so excited to work with ClickFunnels.
 I'm like, I'm at the mecca, I love the people who know how to do this.
 Yeah, you're frickin awesome, this is great.
 >> So cool.
 So tell me, actually you wanna tell me about your creating?
 >> Yeah.
 >> This is actually really exciting.
 I don't know if a lot of people know this side of your story because they see your
 videos to you go viral, but what 10 years ago you were disabled and struggling and
 paying and stuff like that.
 So let me tell you what you're building.
 Back to 2014 is when I started getting up again.
 So I still get like culture shock.
 2008, I was in a car accident that rocked my body.
 It was really difficult for me.
 Ended up in severe chronic pain, worst chronic pain.
 And then it got to the point where I couldn't walk on most days.
 I had TMJ so bad I crushed my own teeth and my mouth while I was sleeping.
 And yeah, it was, it's something I just wouldn't even wish it on my worst enemy.
 I just wouldn't do it.
 And then I had the nerve pain so bad and nerve damage that I went through my hands and
 that this hand was a claw most days.
 Couldn't do 90% of normal activities and spent most of my 20s in bed and on disability.
 And then eventually we were just talking about this.
 I smile when I say it now because I know where I got to, but it's such a dark story.
 It got to the point where I was gonna commit suicide because I got the disability certificate
 for life.
 And that's hard.
 Like, they say you have to, you have to try to get this for you.
 But once you get it, it's like, oh, you just won the worst contest ever.
 For real.
 It's not an award you want to win.
 No, I don't want that.
 And when I saw it, I was like, I can't live like this.
 The pain isn't changing.
 All the doctors appointments aren't helping.
 Nothing's helping me.
 And I was going to commit suicide because I thought it was the only way out.
 And as I have said this before, I heard the voice of God who sounded like Danza Washington
 in my head.
 And he was like, it's not time to give up.
 It's time to get up.
 It's like this weird, the tight inside thing.
 And I was like, okay.
 And took myself to the bookstore with a little bit of money I had, bought a Louise Haybook.
 I'd never even heard of her, but I was just like, this is what I'm supposed to get.
 And started the journey to healing myself from the inside out and switching to natural
 remedies.
 And remedies that were not mainstream at all fired my doctors, as I like to say.
 Like, you guys don't know what you're doing.
 For me, it's not working.
 Bye.
 But really had to rebuild my entire life, my business, my mindset, and my body from scratch.
 And I think it was 2014.
 I sometimes give this number.
 But in March of 2014, I took myself off disability.
 I was like, stop sending this because if you send it, it's a crutch.
 If I have nothing, then I'm going to have to swim.
 And by September of that year, I was the most viral comedian in history.
 So I made myself do it.
 Yep.
 Between March to September.
 I was like, let's go.
 It's funny because in our community, I talk to people all the time about how I feel entrepreneurship
 is a calling.
 And it's like, each of us has our own circumstances.
 They set a circumstance.
 This thing's happened to us, positive, negative, whatever to give us the tools to serve somebody
 else.
 And it's interesting because you went through this horrible period of your life where you
 were in pain and everything, but then you look at it now, and it's like, now you have
 the ability to help other people who are going through that.
 And you're going to help me do it.
 You're going to help me do it.
 And you're going to sell a billion copies of your course.
 And you're going to be the first person to three-comical board.
 Yeah.
 That is the plan.
 Well, yeah, that's the course.
 So cool.
 I was going to do these other courses, which I shot them to, but I went, what am I an expert
 at?
 I again heard that voice of God, and it's getting through chronic pain.
 And people are not going to teach people this method because people have not lived
 through it.
 So a doctor telling you to do something is based on a book they read or something they
 watched.
 I've lived it.
 I've experienced all of these different kinds of treatments.
 And I condensed everything I learned in all those years into seven weeks.
 And we're going to help market that to everybody.
 And what's cool is you built this huge platform.
 And I think most people follow you for different reasons, right?
 There's comedy.
 There's funny things.
 There's smart things.
 There's so many things you're doing, but also you had this huge platform.
 And now you're like, this is what I want to focus on.
 You're going to help so many people with that.
 And then you've got so many other things you're going to be doing as well.
 So it's exciting.
 It is exciting.
 It feels like it's my, this is my Mr. Holland's opus.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 So what did I talk about as you were coming out of that, right?
 And you said, that was, you said, March or May?
 That was like March and then by September, September.
 So in that window time, what was like, what was going through your head?
 You're like, I'm going to go and become a viral comedian.
 I mean, do these things or like was this strategic?
 Was it just something happened?
 It was magical.
 What?
 There was no magic.
 Everything is plotted.
 Yeah, it was because I had been doing marketing for years.
 I stumbled into it by accident.
 I've told the story before I was hired by Moleson.
 Do you know what Moleson is?
 Moleson Canadian.
 So it's like the top beer in Canada.
 It's a Coors, Moleson and Corona are all the same company.
 And they hired me to do this cross-Canada tour.
 I'm the host being funny.
 I was on like the top TV show in Canada on our version of MTV at the time.
 And they wanted me to do all these commercials.
 And then I do this tour right across the country with huge bands, surprise band every night
 type of thing.
 When they gave script for these commercials, I was just like, no.
 And I didn't know at the time I wasn't supposed to say anything in these marketing meetings
 when I'm just the talent sitting there.
 So it was like all these marketing dudes and the CEO of Moleson and they were just like,
 okay, and then she's going to say this.
 And I was just like, oh.
 And the CEO looked at me and he goes, what?
 I'm like, no.
 You guys are using slang that college kids used three years ago.
 This is so bad.
 Nobody's going to say you weren't funny or the writer wasn't funny.
 They're going to say, I'm not funny.
 And I don't like it.
 And I'm funny.
 I don't want to do this.
 And the CEO is like, well, what would you do?
 And I'm like, well, actually, and I told him.
 And then they bought it from me.
 And then they bought the next thing for me.
 And then Virgin Mobile called me and I helped with the launch of Virgin Mobile in Canada.
 And it just went from person to person to person.
 Hey, call the call.
 She knows what to do.
 I had a viral video.
 I think it was, oh man, it was probably 2008 was the first viral video I had.
 And that was with Virgin Mobile.
 And we did a Christmas video.
 This was before the accident.
 This was before the accident.
 Oh, no, that was right after the accident.
 So I was hiding that I couldn't do stuff.
 It got worse and worse and worse.
 So by 2008, I was still like, OK, ish, like hiding some pain?
 And then I got worse.
 But yeah.
 I want to point out something you said, because I don't know if you knew you said or not.
 But from a marketing standpoint, I think what you're so good at-- and you can watch
 this if you follow you socially--
 is you're so good at getting in the mind of where people--
 the conversation happened to people's minds right at that moment.
 Which is what you did with those ads.
 But you watch yourself socially.
 And we're going to talk about controversies.
 That's all point is, controversy marketing.
 You can find these controversial topics.
 They're like, and then you say things.
 Most of us are thinking that.
 But no one will say those things.
 Never is the liar.
 You're so good at finding that.
 You're so-- I don't know, in tune or that you feel the pulse of the market and the world.
 And I'm going to talk about that thing that no one wants to talk about.
 We're all thinking it.
 And just bringing it out, which I think is fascinating.
 Because it's not so much the going viral or these things.
 It's like, I've got to be super-- not the creative.
 It's like, you have to understand, maybe I'm wrong.
 But what people are actually thinking and being willing to actually say it.
 Yeah, I realized because I was disabled.
 I was like, I actually have a giant opportunity here right now.
 I don't have an employer.
 Nobody can fire me.
 I already have a ton of medical debt.
 So it's not like I'm going to lose money.
 I'm already at the end.
 Like, whatever.
 I have no credit.
 I got nothing.
 So I made a list of all the truths that I wanted to tell that I think people are too
 scared to talk about.
 And I was like, if I was going to die tomorrow, this is what I want to talk about
 with the world.
 And I went through that list.
 And then I thought of topics that people are too scared to talk about.
 And some of them I put online.
 I'm like, do you guys want me to say this or talk about this one or this one next?
 And I just set it up.
 Like I always do.
 It's a baseball lineup.
 So as you know with your baseball lineup, you're not putting your best hitter first.
 That doesn't make sense.
 Like load the bases, get all the points.
 So I put the first video out.
 It was about Instagram models because we were all thinking at the time that video went viral.
 What was it called?
 Dear Instagram models.
 Yeah, I started writing my letters to the world.
 That's literally what it was.
 Letters to the world.
 Wrote that.
 I did the editing technique that I had done on the TV show I was on way years earlier.
 There's some speculation that I fine-tuned or invented the jump cut.
 I don't know if I don't want to take the full credit, but nobody had done it like that
 before.
 Take the credit.
 I'll take the credit.
 Sure.
 There's so much to challenge me on it.
 As the adventure of the jump cut.
 As the adventure of the community jump cut.
 Yeah.
 So everyone was doing their videos in a certain way.
 I was like, no, I'm going to do it like this.
 I'm going to tighten it up.
 I'm going to use sound bites because I've been studying NLP to help me with all of my
 pain.
 So I was like, I'm using NLP.
 I'm going to repeat the messages that I want them to think of again later on in the video.
 And I'm going to hit them again with what I hit them with at the beginning.
 So they leave with what I want them to leave with.
 That's what you're going to discuss with this video.
 And I started with the Instagram model one.
 I did a relationships one one other, which I considered a but.
 I only wanted that one to get a million views.
 I was like, just one more just to show this.
 This isn't the whoops, she did it again.
 And then I posted a little photo of pointing to the outfield, Babe Ruth.
 And the next video came out with dear fat people.
 Knocked them all around.
 Was that the one that said, was it September that one came out?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Might have been end of August or early September.
 Yeah.
 And then the one right after that one viral too.
 And the next and the next and the next.
 And I just kept going through the batting order.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Crazy.
 So that was the first, my first introduction to your fat people video.
 And we're here now.
 So you thought it's funny.
 I don't, yeah, it was funny.
 But it was funny because like, I don't remember what happened.
 It's one of the things with viral people started sending to you.
 Like people, that's what happens, right?
 Well, since I don't remember what happened to somehow like, multiple people send to me
 one day and I'm like, what is this?
 And I watched it.
 I was like, oh wow.
 What did they say when they sent it?
 Do you remember?
 It's usually not much.
 He check us out.
 Oh my gosh, you see this.
 Like if you see Nicole Arbor, like watch this video.
 That's funny.
 It's like, dear fat people might.
 Oh no.
 Like, you know what I mean?
 And you watch it and it's interesting because, yeah, like you're in the conversation that
 there's things that are true, there's things that are scary, there's things that are controversial
 that like all those things are all happening, which I think is what causes this.
 And there's people, people that are really angry.
 Yep.
 I was reading the comments and people who just think you're the worst person in the world.
 Yeah.
 And people who are loving you like, finally someone said it and which causes engagement
 like all these things.
 But I don't even know what to ask you other than just like, what were you feeling during
 that time?
 Like were you scared?
 Were you excited?
 It's so weird because I was on my way to do a show at the Royal Palace in England.
 And I was booked for that show based on the three videos prior and dear fat people just
 came out.
 So I'm in England by myself about to do this huge show, literally at the Royal Palace.
 And this video is going bananas.
 And it's going bananas.
 I remember opening a newspaper in the UK and I was in it and I'm like, oh that's weird.
 And then you're guiding in these people.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 That's two months.
 My friend called me and they were like, hey you're on Access Hollywood.
 Hey you're on entertainment tonight.
 Hey you're on this.
 Hey the view is talking about you.
 Hey this, this, this.
 And I'm like, oh I'm good at what I do.
 Yeah, I thought that.
 I'm like, it worked.
 I knew exactly what I was going to do.
 Now they're talking about the topic and the actual problem, which is a real problem in
 America still is.
 And it worked.
 Yes.
 And the only thing that made me be like, oh my gosh, was when I had a couple of family
 members that were like, oh no, some people are hating on you.
 I'm like, yeah well, that's been since high school.
 That didn't actually affect me that much because I'm like a seasoned comedian.
 Whatever you get, heckled, happens.
 Just a lot more of them.
 It's bad to say when someone writes something that goes bad, negative about me is my family
 members are freak out.
 I've got thick skin.
 I'm just lying.
 I'm fine with it.
 Like if you read all the ads or comments to my ads, like I'm fine with it.
 They're the ones that always freak out.
 They're just like, oh you know what I mean?
 Yeah, they want to like, are you okay?
 I was good.
 I'm like, you're good.
 We're good.
 All right.
 A couple things because I think some people thought that you doing that was because you
 were trying to be a bully or trying to be mean.
 Which I know you and I know kind of story behind but it's the opposite of that, right?
 Yeah.
 It wasn't, and I love you to talk about that a little bit.
 Well, thanks.
 So there was a line, I've talked about this a few times.
 There was a line at the end of that video that I cut out the last second and this was
 a marketing technique.
 I said in that video, as someone who's been disabled for X number of years, all I wanted
 was a body that worked and you have one.
 And if you take it for granted, that's the biggest mistake you're ever going to make.
 I took it out the last second of the edit.
 I was like, it will not hit as hard if they're going to humanize me.
 I need to be the villain.
 And it was really fun because it was the first time in my life I'd ever been the villain.
 I'd always been like the happy bubbly cheerleader gets along.
 Like, I don't think I ever had an enemy in my life until I had viral videos.
 And I was like, whoa, there's some power in being like, I don't care.
 I'm going to say the thing.
 Yeah, that's kind of what I did.
 Because that would have changed it.
 Don't you agree?
 I couldn't have humanized it.
 You forgot the song.
 Couldn't have done it.
 Okay.
 It's my question.
 So I don't you remember this.
 I was looking at buying a brand.
 Actually, I had a buy and it's called Zuma Juice and it's a green drink.
 And the first video of the green drink, they launched it and there was a the original cut
 is amazing.
 Maybe we can show the cut on the podcast.
 But anyway, it's this person like cutting green drinks stuff at their house and like
 fruit and ginger and the throwing fruit and she's cutting it.
 And the lucky.
 And that was like the person.
 And then they had this lady in the wheelchair, the big old thing of cheese puffs.
 She's like, well, it's green drink and she's eating these cheese puffs.
 It's like the funniest thing.
 And then she like comes over.
 She shares like electricity drives over and they're fighting.
 And it's just funny thing, right?
 So they launched a video.
 It goes completely viral and like, and then the handicap community came out and freaked
 out, burned them to the ground.
 So he ended up pulling the video, editing that clip out, relaunching it and just died.
 No.
 And then the company kind of, you know, and eventually it went away and then I bought
 the company and I messaged you cause I was like, I want to relaunch with that video,
 but I'm scared.
 Okay.
 Here's the thing.
 And that's anyway, I have great, great thoughts on that.
 So this was actually a part of Dear Fat People and why myself with my personal convictions,
 religious beliefs, whatever, I'm like, it is not bullying to tell the truth.
 That is a lie that we've been sold.
 It is also not not okay to poke fun at everybody as long as you poke fun at yourself, which
 I do all the time.
 I'm silly.
 That video to me, if it's a self-inflicted disability, which is what I consider obesity,
 there's a couple of emotional things that go into it, but for the whole most of the
 part, it's a self-inflicted disability.
 You don't get to consider yourself the same as people with disabilities.
 So I don't think that people would come after you that way, like in that way, or you could
 just take that little part out of it, reshoot that scene, take the wheelchair out, but just
 still make it that aesthetic and have them do it.
 It scares you.
 I know, but can I touch on that right now?
 If it doesn't scare you, you're not doing it right.
 Every time I'm consulting for people, for brands, for whatever, I was like, if it doesn't scare
 you a little bit, then it's going to be s***.
 It could be mediocre.
 Go ahead.
 Put out more mediocre ads.
 That's just brand awareness.
 But if you want it to rock, it's got to scare you a little bit because it has to induce marketing
 when I want it, it has to give some kind of emotion to the audience, and whether that's
 like, I hate it, I love it, it made me sad, it made me want to help whatever it is.
 If there isn't that ting of that, then you didn't do it.
 Yeah.
 Interesting.
 Do you ever fear, though, by offending that segment that it's going to hurt things, I
 love your mindset.
 I'm going to be a little aggressive, but then because this side's going to amplify more.
 You know what I mean?
 I haven't found that intelligent people are offended by me.
 I've yet to find that.
 I have found that people who weren't going to like me anyways, or they like to project
 their own downfalls, laziness, and securities, whatever it might be onto other people.
 Like, I have mad problems when they're just me who has them.
 Those aren't my people anyway.
 I sometimes sit back and I look at the people I have attracted in my life.
 I've attracted you.
 I've attracted like massive, amazing people.
 And you know, like Elena Cardone, like we're just talking about like the people around
 me, I'm like, yeah, I'm going the right way.
 It's okay to tell the truth.
 And if at any time I think I'm being mean or not telling the truth or it's not comedic,
 then I wouldn't do it.
 So yeah, that's my thoughts on that.
 The other fascinating thing you told me, I remember, was you said that your fat people
 video, the people that made the most money for that were all the Weight Watchers, they
 were buying ads on your video because like it was bringing the right people for them,
 right?
 Exactly.
 Because they knew that they were watching that video.
 And it's funny because I ended up doing, I made fun of fit T because if fit T was popping
 around ish the same years.
 And I did a video making fun of fit T and the CEO called me and he's like, you're right,
 want to do an ad for us?
 I'm like, yeah, I do.
 So I actually did two rounds of ads for fit T after that.
 I told the truth about it and then if people wanted buy it, that's up to them.
 But yeah, like nothing I've ever done comes from the angle of I want to hurt feelings
 to see if that'll enrage people.
 Like I don't do rage bait.
 I don't like it.
 I think it's kind of gross.
 There's a lot of TikTok gross you do that.
 Like, look what horrible thing this person does or I'm offended.
 And that's not my vibe.
 There has to be a meaning behind what we're doing.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 So I want to talk about this.
 So because the marketing side point, obviously we did there was cool, but then now you have
 people brand to work with and also your own projects you're working with.
 Yeah.
 I love the mindset as you're going in and say, working with the brand and working with
 something.
 How do you come up with the scripts and the ideas and the angles to be able to craft that
 message?
 Like, either way, that my scripts might have very different than yours.
 I'm fascinated by writers, how they come up with it.
 I'm curious for you what your process is.
 What's the goal?
 Who's our demo?
 Go backwards.
 And that's kind of it.
 Like, what's the goal?
 Is it a monetary goal?
 We have associated with this.
 Okay.
 I'm going to do the math.
 I'm going to get to that goal.
 Okay.
 How many people that would have that price point available right now?
 Could we get to buy?
 Who is that person?
 And what do they like?
 What do they hate?
 What do they aspire to be like?
 You know, and I just like do that little wheel turn.
 And I go, okay, cool.
 And the problem solve is so underlooked.
 Like, I love solving problems for people, even the invented problems that we have.
 You know, like, oh no, I can't blah, blah, blah.
 Okay.
 So, you know, I'm going to solve that problem for you.
 Or, you know, like the weight loss stuff, it's so easy.
 I want to lose weight, but I don't want to actually have to eat healthy and make meals.
 Here's a bar that's going to do it for you.
 There, we just solved the problem.
 You just laughed at me.
 Yeah.
 So, I just got you to laugh.
 You're going to remember the funny ad I base on that.
 All right.
 So, here's my, I'm getting free consulting because I got you on my phone.
 That's fine.
 Let's do it.
 I love that.
 How would you make some for ClickFunnels?
 What would that, what would you do?
 For ClickFunnels 2.0.
 Yes.
 Hey, do you like money?
 I love money.
 You have something that's awesome.
 Why wouldn't we amplify this to more people, make it faster?
 You know how many people are lost on your website because you make it too hard for them
 to buy the thing that they already want to get?
 Ooh, that's kind of stupid.
 Let's make it easy, stupid.
 You know, something in there.
 Like, can you?
 Clean off what they're doing now and like, yeah.
 Or, I love the visual of someone just like walking down the street, opening up their
 wallets, throwing money on the gun.
 Okay.
 Walking in and throwing money on the gun.
 It's like, hey, you apparently don't like money.
 Everything is like wasting it because you're at websites garbage.
 You know, like, just overplay all the things that people are doing.
 That's cool.
 Taking the thing and then like, overdramatizing the, what they're actually doing.
 Yeah.
 Once you make people laugh and feel something, you grab them.
 It's fun.
 So that, yeah, that's a good one for ClickFunnels.
 What are the main selling points for ClickFunnels 2.0?
 The biggest parts are, so ClickFunnels, the original ClickFunnels was about building funnels,
 which is what people need.
 It's not necessarily what they want.
 A website.
 They want a brand.
 They want a shopping cart.
 They want all the stuff.
 And so we always used to make fun of it.
 Like, you don't need those things.
 You just need this.
 But when all comes down to people, all they want.
 So it's like, ClickFunnels, you're going to get them what they want where you can build
 a website, you can build a store.
 So you can have your blog, your Shopify store, all that kind of stuff is now in ClickFunnels.
 And then, from your day to book photos.
 Oh, I got it.
 Okay.
 Imagine a grocery store or like, we're shooting in a grocery store.
 But in this grocery store, you walk in and it only has apples.
 And you're like, okay, I got an apple.
 And they're like, okay.
 And then you have to walk across the street to the bin store and buy a banana.
 And then you have to walk across there and get the, like, this is stupid, right?
 Yeah, put it all together.
 ClickFunnels 2.0.
 Boom.
 Yeah.
 It's kind of easy, right?
 Yeah.
 It's just the idea of, yeah, put it all together and make it as easy as it is to change your
 social media profile.
 Even an idiot can use this.
 ClickFunnels 2.0.
 Bless your stupid.
 Designed by idiots for idiots.
 I'm just kidding.
 If you wanted to make one, so let's go like a step back further.
 Because with like dear fat people in some of these videos, you're not necessarily selling
 off the thing you're creating.
 Like you talked about, you're just setting the grand slam to get people.
 When you work with brands, I know, I can't remember what you talked about earlier today,
 you did a video initially that was just a great controversy.
 Design the problem.
 Yeah, and then late next came the video.
 We talked about that whole thing as well.
 Yeah.
 So that one was with HAPPEN app.
 I love it and I've done this model multiple times.
 So with HAPPEN app, the first video I put out was why dating is blacked.
 And that video, it was just funny.
 It talked about like our online habits, whatever.
 It naturally got 45 million views just on Facebook organically.
 Is that on your personal profile?
 There profile.
 That was on my profile.
 So I didn't mention the brand at all in the first one because it's not a commercial.
 It's just comedy and we're just talking.
 So once it hit to that 45 million mark and then more on the other platforms too, then
 I released a week later the how to fix it, which is HAPPEN app.
 You're actually going to meet these people because when you walk by them, then you get
 it, oh, that's who that person is, like a little ding on your account.
 And doing it that way by being like, this is ****ed up.
 But hey, here's how we can solve this problem.
 They slaughtered.
 They did so well.
 They did so well.
 They stopped telling me how well they did because they might have to renegotiate my
 contract.
 So I was like, oh, that's how I know it would.
 Yeah.
 Can I ask how, and then I don't need to actual numbers, but just conception.
 Like, how do you as someone who's doing that?
 Because you're doing the influencing, you're right in scripting, you're doing video.
 Like, how do you get paid in a situation like that?
 Just the people who know if they wanted to go find somebody to work with.
 Like, what does that kind of look like?
 Yeah, it's changed now.
 So at first it used to be just like, here's just an upfront fee.
 Now I go, okay, upfront fee.
 This is for the ideation phase and the whatever.
 If there's a production cost depending on how the level of the production.
 And then if it's a product, that's a newer product and I'm going to help pushing the
 stratosphere, I obviously want some points on the product because let's be partners in
 this.
 Let's go all in.
 It's, that's not available, something like that.
 I'll never, oh my gosh, brands, please listen, do not go to influencers and be like, let's
 do a, you get this percent and use this code.
 Chances of your back end breaking when I bring volume are really high.
 Most people say their systems can handle it and most systems cannot handle it.
 Your website might break, your funnel might break, your website can't handle traffic.
 It breaks.
 So while that traffic I just brought you, I'm not going to get paid for.
 So I won't do deals like that.
 And most influencers won't.
 I'll just don't pet you.
 And you're unique.
 Most influencers, because most influencers I know a lot of my big followings and they
 can do, you know, they do their thing, but like you're unique because you're able to
 write into script and strategize.
 I don't think most of them have a marketing mind.
 Do they or if you notice that?
 No, they don't.
 Yeah.
 Most of them call me and I help them.
 Yeah.
 For real, but I'm happy to.
 And all the people who made fun of me for making YouTube videos years ago, they come
 to me now.
 You got to make an agency just like, teach, or like, yeah, scripting out all the stuff
 for the other influencers.
 Because I wish there was more of that that we could, maybe there is, I don't even know
 about it.
 The network of you going like, here's all the influencers you can tap into and like,
 and figure out those kinds of things, you know, where they write a script or anything.
 That would be, to me, that would be epic.
 That would be like an Avengers type of thing.
 So here's the different genres of influencers.
 And here's how you could use them and utilize our audience.
 Oh, that's fun.
 Because most of the stuff we've done is like, we got to know people who had relationships
 or whatever and it's like going off things, you know, versus like, that'd be cool to have
 a place.
 And there's an ex-billion dollar idea.
 Cool.
 Thanks.
 I liked it.
 Okay, I'm going to have you come up.
 Okay, so it's like, it's like, yeah.
 It's like, oh, you're going to make me, I'm going to dream about this tonight.
 I'm like, ooh, click Finels 2.0.
 What problems?
 What are all the problems?
 What do we do?
 I'm going to have so many ideas for you.
 It's fine to answer some over here.
 Yeah, it's going to be fun.
 So with your, I'm sure you're an overall strategy because you did the videos, but then,
 it feels like the next phase was like you building your brand and you're following and
 like, what is, what is, as you were building, like, how did that fit into it?
 Or was that a part of it initially?
 It was kind of bananas because it worked too well too fast.
 And, you know, but I was still disabled as they started going viral.
 So I was getting all of these bookings and I couldn't do them all because I was like,
 oh, like when it came to the Royal Palace, I was like, shoot, I better get up.
 I have to go on a plane and go to England.
 I didn't tell them.
 I wasn't walking most days.
 I was like, I'm going to take the prescriptions.
 I need to be able to do that at the time.
 It grew and then I started doing a lot of the consulting and then more of the consulting.
 And then as it worked and I had more success, I would like have more and more brands.
 So like the last few years of my career has been 90, 85 to 90% consulting and working
 with brands and keynote speaking.
 And the Nicole, you know, storefront, like the real me has not done that much stuff and
 I'm about to flip that whole model over and focus on the course that we're doing together
 because that really matters to me.
 My podcast because I have cool stories to tell and it's going to be like a late night
 vibe too where I get to do my funny monologues off the top.
 And then that's going to be cool.
 I'm really excited.
 And then only partnering on projects I love like we were talking about like I feature film
 aspirations and I don't want to just go be in somebody else's movie because that takes
 three to six months of my life.
 I'll do a couple cool ones, but I want to be writing those and helping direct them and
 the music stuff has been helping with that too.
 Yeah, talk about that because that's something you launched a music career.
 Yeah.
 It's just amazing when you build your personal brand the way you can then it opens up so
 many doors like I want to be a musician and a rapper and write books and I want to do
 a podcast and like it opens up so many cool things.
 But what bright do I need to go and I know music on your background initially with dancing
 and stuff.
 Yeah, like I was one of those hardcore choir kids and I took music and through school and
 not my certificates and all that kind of stuff too.
 And I always was just like I want to do this.
 And I've written stuff for other people and DAs prevent me from saying where they went.
 But I have done like some cartoon stuff too and I just always wanted to do it.
 I'm like well why would it and I like there's no permission slip like just go do it.
 So I did.
 And I told you earlier like I haven't released any of my stuff that I think is my best stuff
 thus far because I'm going the same way like the first video came out Biddy Bum.
 I don't know I think it's like 1.3 million views organically just on YouTube which is
 kind of hard.
 And then the second one did better and it's gaining traction in different ways and we've
 had the biggest record labels in the world reach out to my team now and I'm like hehehe
 no wait wait you guys have to hear what comes after that.
 I'm not going to make a deal when you haven't even heard the good yet.
 Yeah.
 So it's just like part of the fun.
 So it's like when you learn the skills that you can apply it to all the different things.
 Totally.
 And the skills that like how to do funnels and persuasion and traffic and it's like if
 we talk about it I spot a weightiness company.
 I bought it you know some of the things you can apply it to where it's just like you
 know for you it's the same the same playbook.
 Entertainment is entertaining marketing is marketing.
 Yeah just do all of it like I look at old school entertainers those were my my OGs my favorites
 the ones who would sing and dance and act and direct and like that's the good stuff.
 Doing it all so cool.
 Yeah.
 Dick Van Dyke.
 Dick Van Dyke the man.
 So my next question for you then is so right now we're in the middle of like like this cancel
 culture of everything right.
 So it's funny because I think you've done some videos talking about like like making
 fun of that like cancel me now like cancel me harder daddy.
 Yeah.
 I got to make that on a t-shirt honestly.
 But it's curious because some of you are so scared of like off I do the same then what's
 going to happen in the repercussions and everything and like love you talk about just
 like controversial marketing and like how you yeah like even how you're.
 Hold the line.
 Hold the line.
 You will have way more.
 So as we know everybody is not your client.
 Everybody isn't just is what it is.
 I think Mario Lopez is a fricking fantastic businessman and entrepreneur and he's so good
 at what he does.
 You're wrestling to say by the bell so I love him because of that.
 Right.
 And I remember him saying to me recently he's like you know my brand is an everybody I want
 to be with everybody and whatever so he never says anything does anything that is outside
 the parameters of that awesome Mario Lopez brand.
 However that doesn't work for everybody and that's okay.
 I can't think of the studies right now but so many are if you choose a line and you hold
 it your audience even if they don't agree with you they're like oh they have balls.
 You know like subconsciously there's a hey they know that's cool I don't agree with them
 on this one.
 I have fans who will defend me now even when they don't agree with me.
 I don't agree with her on this one but you know she I like that she's has balls and she
 says it.
 So when it comes to actual brands I think you have to get your board literally your
 board on board that hey this is our stance on XYZ or we think comedy is comedy and is
 what it is.
 We're not going to apologize because it served its purpose.
 Don't be dicks to be dicks like it's kind of whatever but especially in comedy and in
 advertising it's okay to draw lines.
 So if you don't it won't be successful if it's not like we love this we hate this that's
 how it's comedy 101 find a thing and pick an attitude on it.
 It has to be like Darth marketing.
 Interesting this is kind of a funny side story but we were I was in Dean's plane flying
 to Met with Tony it's like a month or two ago and we landed the private airport you know
 with the other private planes and we got on our plane and the plane next to us is the
 Mr. Pillow guy.
 Of course.
 I was like freaking out somebody taking selfies like kind of a show and then I was like I
 looked at him because he went through with whole Trump stuff like when you know hardcore
 and he got canceled everyone.
 Did he get canceled that's so weird.
 Actually though is he canceled?
 Well that's what I was going to say yesterday I was flying home from Phoenix and the TV guy
 next to me in first class to the TV on and it was a Mr. Pillow commercial like infomercial
 I'm watching you and he's pitching the stuff and like and he's just fascinating to me
 I was just looking at that because yeah there was like yes he got hit but also like I didn't
 know what Mr. Pillow was until that whole controversy happened.
 Yes.
 Also like now I knew I was at Atlanta airport like there's video I'm taking selfies like
 from a hundred yards away like they try to like send my family there's the Mr. Pillow
 guy and like I don't know who he was until he got canceled and then now he's now yeah
 and now we're talking about a podcast.
 Exactly like I've been canceled.
 It's like I think we're at 13 times now and like am I canceled like yeah oh she's canceled
 no I'm not.
 Yeah I'm not canceled like you can't actually do that and there's going to be people who
 love you or hate you and whatever yeah I didn't brace both seriously brands I know
 it's the corporate culture so that's why I love so many entrepreneurs that are leading
 the charge now that are actual entrepreneurs and they aren't just a suit doing this because
 they can say no this is a this is a mitigated risk we've gone through hey this could be
 awesome some people are going to love it some people are going to hate it everybody doesn't
 drink Pepsi that's why there's Coke it's okay to love and hate stuff.
 So those are my thoughts on it.
 Cash me outside girl she spun that she makes so much money.
 Do you know that?
 No.
 She's a good little rapper too she's killer but she spun it into a crazy career and I think
 she was the top earner on OnlyFans last year never gotten a gig.
 She just has like that subscription model and she kills it she went from standing up to
 Dr. Phil like whatever it seems to be winning even in the political climate too when people
 are like oh we don't want to be associated with this or with that side or whatever it's
 like just pick something stand for something or people think you're weak and you stand for
 nothing and yeah I haven't seen it miss.
 Have you?
 In the short term or something that feels like it but in the long term now it's interesting.
 It's extra people talking about you your brand.
 So think about this like some of the listening who's just got a I mean most people listen
 to us or smaller entrepreneurs they've got a course or product or something you know
 trying to sell it and they're like okay this would be cool I want to do what Nicole did
 I wanted to set up four bases you know three bases get all that and crush something out
 that like how would you how would you deconstruct that like like what's the product we can make
 up I don't even know.
 It's an example.
 Give us a product any product.
 Lady Boss let's say you just bought a brand new company you want to put it in a lamp and
 you're a dude who owns a company what would you do?
 Oh you're a jerk you're milking me now.
 Oh gosh this is my team's laughing in the corner.
 They're like don't say it.
 Well I would need to know like your main products first what makes you better than your competition
 who is your competition.
 I also love direct targeting competition aiming and firing and that comes back to like the
 Adidas Nike thing you know that story obviously it doesn't go poorly.
 We were on click funnels we that was a conversation because there are competitors our competitors
 initially lead pages and it was infusion soft so in our big annual event we had 5,000 people
 in the room and we gave everyone t-shirts to say we are not confusion soft and then
 we can teach it out and it was in this big thing so much so the CEO in a colony and yelling
 at me like why do you hate me so much I don't hate you.
 I'm like I don't hate you.
 Just welcome to the game.
 The Joker like we have someone and and there are definitely people who left click funnels
 because they're offended but then other people loved it became a thing and then in the infusion
 soft literally changed their name to something different because we got everybody in the
 community like mocking them.
 In fact I listened to an interview with the owner the other day and he kept talking about
 it.
 He said the owner said confusion soft like 30 times in the podcast interview and I was
 like I can't believe he did that.
 Yeah like it was crazy but ever since then I've been shied away where I'm like oh I don't
 know why I like it because we got a certain level where I got nervous but it worked so
 well as we were building up.
 You're the boss in the boardroom boss in the bedroom be the boss of your health.
 Lady boss.
 Oh that's good.
 Yeah.
 When it's ladies like you there's like the whole girl there was the girl power revolution
 with like Spice Girls but now it's about being sassy and sexy and taking care of your kids
 and we can do it all and look good in heels.
 So sometimes that means your time has to be with your kids so you need the bar to take
 on the road with you on the way to the gym.
 Like you know there's like the key messaging that goes towards women that I don't know
 if your other people you talked about will be able to hit it.
 I'm just saying.
 I'm just saying.
 Like you got to play on that lady boss thing that's so fun.
 Yeah.
 So interesting.
 That's really fun.
 So if I were to deconstruct that I wouldn't just do one ad.
 I know some people say that.
 I like a series of ads not just to test them across but because your demo isn't just one
 thing usually and then you can hit different people.
 So I in the first video for example myself I hit people who were making fun of that Instagram
 culture.
 The second video I hit everybody who was married because it was about divorces.
 The third one I got to really look up what that third one was because I forget.
 And then the fab people and it was different.
 And then religious people religious people that was no that came after.
 Yeah.
 But the religious one too like there's people who are very religious and people who think
 it's stupid.
 I got both of them in that video.
 So if your ad is only hitting one tiny demo.
 You're moving in segments of the market.
 Yeah.
 Come on in.
 You and then coming in and like like you know there's your staff member who's like I'm
 a vegan sorry so he obviously remembers I was talking about vegans.
 So like he's a little thin little malnourished looking but whatever.
 Yeah we all have hobbies and do silly things.
 I'm just going to send you some dead animal.
 Just like take a bite out of it.
 Dude you look like you've jaundiced.
 I'm just kidding.
 You look nice for a sickly person.
 But just that.
 Someone's going to laugh at that and buy carnivore crisps.
 They're my favorite use my code Arbor20.
 You did?
 I was in Melody's car melody that we both love from doTERRA.
 I was in her car yesterday and actually in her pantry she has like a whole carnivore
 crisp section now for me.
 And my ready did you see my ad for carnivore crisps?
 No.
 You did.
 I did it in five minutes because I looked on my counter and I went by the way I didn't
 ask if we could swear.
 Can we swear?
 Can you guys bleep?
 Okay cool because I swear.
 I looked at my counter and I was like f***.
 I ate all the product before I made the ad.
 Well that's the ad.
 That's the ad.
 So it was just a selfie video of me being like well I was supposed to do this thing for
 a carnivore crisp but beef brisket I was really going to ate it.
 Next one these are the crunchy whatever I ate them.
 I ate this one too and I also ate those.
 They're good because I ate them.
 My code?
 Sorry carnivore crisps.
 And it was their highest converting ad they've ever had and it was just a selfie video.
 That's crazy.
 It was fun.
 So when they ran the ad they ran it.
 You posted it on your social.
 Oh there's so much that you could do with Lady Boss because challenging women to be part
 of it is really fun.
 Like there's challenges you can do and like funny things.
 Like do you remember the baloney that people were like sticking baloney their kids heads?
 Yes.
 Like it seems like there's something that like the moms could be doing with the bars or some
 kind of products or something.
 You know like there's just so much fun you can have with like a female brand like that.
 I mean how you do the consultant for all of the stuff.
 That's so cool.
 It's fun.
 I told you I'm very selective so we'll have to talk.
 We'll talk about it.
 I'm doing myself too.
 Yeah.
 So like the carnivore ones they post on your social.
 They take that creative and run as ads somewhere else also or is it just something like that.
 They were putting it on their socials as well too and they were such a baby brand.
 I was just like brand new brand new.
 I was just like I know you can't afford me.
 I just want to do is because it keeps sending me your product.
 We'll figure it out.
 I have time to do it for me.
 Yeah actually.
 And I was like sure I'll take a cut.
 We'll figure it out.
 That's the only brand in the last like ever that I'm like just I believe in this product
 and this company.
 It's the best.
 It's so good.
 I want to take it over eventually or something.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So good.
 It's so good.
 You eat meat?
 Yeah.
 Okay I'm going to send you some.
 It's delicious.
 You're going to get hooked.
 Sweet.
 ads with no sound in them whatsoever like just maybe an audio time just at the end
 just like a situation and it's like the only ads out there with no sound and
 then you can show a product like a series of them. That's interesting. Soundless ads.
 Those are fun. The kind about if you were saying earlier about like you leave that
 there and you leave I found that with when I'm speaking if I'm selling from
 stage if I tell if I try tell somebody something then they feel like I'm
 telling them something it's like oh that's Russell thinks so instead if I can
 if I can create a story or an environment where then Austin they think it and
 they have then they thought and I didn't think it and then they're more likely
 to move and persuade you know run the back and buy the thing or whatever it's
 like how do you create stories like that I've never tried it from an ad
 standpoint but from like when I have a captive audience in a room I can do that
 really well I tell a story. I'm going to do it you're so good at it like oh they
 have the they have the epiphany at the end we're like oh I'm in charge you know
 like that was my thought. Yeah that's like callbacks and comedy that's the exact
 saying it. Explain that for me. So a callback and comedy for those of you who don't
 know is the technique where I've already said the punchline and then later on in
 my set I'm going to circle back to that same punchline why because the second
 time you do it the audience is like oh I know what you're getting to the audience
 feels smart but you can do it in three fives and sevens so you get to that third
 one there might even be a moan on the third one like oh I'm gonna do it again
 you get to that fifth one they go f*** nuts like go back watch Eddie Murphy any
 of the big comics it's always at three five seven and I do that in ads as well
 with people. Interesting I've seen it before I didn't know it's called callback
 yeah it's cool and you do feel yeah it's similar to super super easy barely
 give me it's Ryan George you know him are you friends with him or do you follow
 him? Ryan George no but I will. He on the screen and channel he has a channel
 called pitch meeting and it's like it's the best thing on YouTube but it's him
 talking to himself so one one he's the writer who just wrote a new I got a
 show I just wrote a venture then game and then he's pitching into the producer
 and then go back and forth but they have to say he's done like 500 episodes
 and then people die but they don't actually yeah oh it's so funny you love it
 from a call he's a great comedian but like every time every every all 500 episodes
 you have three or four like each character has the same the same line it's
 like now I've watched all 500 episodes every single time I'm like waiting waiting
 and you're like yeah like y'all freak out and I'll laugh and it's like that
 build-up just waiting for the line every single time exactly you didn't get the
 joke because you're malnourished see it worked I'm sorry vegans have feelings
 too I've heard so they say I love you fighting your laughter that's actually
 my new favorite thing like I just right here I love them you're like the whole
 dog but it's funny like your face is that Henry's all be how I watch most of your
 videos like you have to poos like yeah like someone get him a squatty potty
 it's good we have no here oh my gosh we did get squatty parties all over my
 house so like I'm a sucker for good ads good ads we have to like I need to
 support them because the ad was so good so I feel that way - yeah buy it take my
 money you're funny take my money so you're the first person to be in the
 room so yes we're not telling people we're in a secret location they'll keep
 me a secret because someone's gonna rob me I don't even know where I am I would
 say conservatively in the last 12 months of prices six million dollars on books
 so you're in the middle of some of the most rare cool books I'm curious for you
 so you the first book you read what was it called when you were sick and you went
 into the library and you go the Louise hey you can heal your life yes so curious
 after that book like we into person alone prior to that was that the first
 that was the first so what other books based by personal things have you read
 that or audio books whoever that had a big impact on you do you have favorites
 or I do so I think we Louise Hayes and OG I know people say bad things but who
 cares I love Joel Osteen I love his books specifically I think they're really
 helpful Joyce Meyer is my my home girl do you know her are you familiar she
 she's a preacher a female preacher and her books are just awesome because she
 has the voice of a comedian like an old female like a Joan Rivers like comedic
 voice in the way she types even mixed with she's a Christian preacher so she's
 teaching you lessons and stuff from the Bible which is given real dirt on it and
 being funny so I freaking love all that stuff and she tells it like it is so I
 was like that by the way I met Joan River I have a picture with her do you
 really yes you know one of my like regret you like ha I got that one I
 collected that infinity stone one of my like kind of regrets but life is what
 it is is that I didn't understand her comedy while she was alive I always was
 like she's just mean she's just mean and I didn't get the art of the roast that
 she was such a freaking phenom at until years later I think I was just too
 young to understand it maybe but now I'm like whoo she was good and she was
 right she was ahead of her time like she's great and then but go as like
 Domigail Rias I love him and I love the Alchemist I told you I've read it so
 many times I forget but anytime something big happens in my life I go back and
 read it I buy everybody who has a baby the same book and it's Oh the
 Places You'll Go by Dr. Seuss
 interesting have you read that guys you got a reread that book long long time ago
 when you read that now you're like whoa that's knowledge bombs and I get that
 for everybody as a kid and I always write them a big letter in it about like
 what was going on at that time about their parents and about who I am in their
 life and all that kind of stuff give them a little wish for the future but that
 book gives you a lot of awesome lessons and just like this like it talks about
 haters it talks about how you're gonna fail sometimes and that's okay and just
 be brave and go for things I get chills thinking about that like Dr. Seuss knew
 what's up and then one time this guy gifted me a trilogy but there was four
 books in it three four yeah like it literally says the secrets trilogy on it
 I gotta pick this up it also weighs 70,000 I use this as a way as well it's the
 secrets trilogy but there are four books I have the instagram story for doing that
 you should be bedded yeah it makes me laugh those are like those are some of
 my favorites and like yeah like lots of success and I've read Tony Robin stuff
 and I've gotten into everything I can get my hands on to I similar to you I
 just love learning that side of it and I have to reset myself because you know
 it goes on in life and in business and whatever and I'm like I need a reset and
 then I go back I'm like oh yeah this happens to everybody and keep your mind
 focused and always the cut-through set it's a lot chaos right like everything
 starts I think it's more more chaotic and you have to reset it and I think that's
 just constantly in all parts of life so is that why you're out like not right
 now because I'm not disclosing where we are you're welcome but is that why you
 prefer to like have your main business in a state that's more chill is that part
 of it does that help you with the chaos that's necessarily more so just why was
 yeah I'm here yeah I'm in Boise I don't want to move so yeah okay cool yeah but I
 love it here because it's it's I mean you know it's hard to get here yeah yes
 it is there's no way we're fucking like nobody gets there we're gonna have to
 fly ourselves basically yeah I do get yeah Grant tried to sell me his private
 jet like a year ago I was like I'm not fitting boys that's like the size of
 Boise they couldn't work anyway but it would be amazing yeah so I've lost my
 ass to you and this is actually I know we just met today like personally so it's
 a really cool good to know you but internet friends I'm why I'm watching
 for for years but I'm really excited for you and I'm sure you understand I'm
 big enough I think this is gonna be the biggest thing you've done so far is
 actually the podcast because the podcast is such a distribution channel and
 everything you do in socially is amazing you built huge following and
 followed but like those things come and go because of algorithms and because of
 yeah knowing things where I feel like you're taking this energy and built the
 momentum and putting into into a show like that I feel like is gonna take you
 like anyway so I'm excited for you but talk about that look talk about the
 show because I think it's a big deal I appreciate that so much and like you
 were the umpteenth person who said that to me and I think there is so which is
 exciting and thank you and I think there's something to be said about like me and
 long form because everybody who may have a preconceived notion of me the
 second me are actually in conversation or in a room with me and it's like long
 form conversation they're like oh oh you're not okay or oh you're this 23
 second video yeah exactly oh you're smarter than you look I'm like yeah I get
 that a lot but I just think it'll just like kind of open people and I like
 exploring humanity too I don't want to just be a quick like clickbait soundbite
 that's not even me it's just like a fun game so the show is called the Arbrough
 effect a like a and I started like a monologue type of thing like I'm going
 late night styles because gosh I love those old late night guys it was so
 good and then after that we have a guest and I like to keep it topic based so
 whatever I'm doing my monologue on is what the guest is gonna be on and I would
 love to have you on I would be insanely cool yay honored I'm like what topical
 B like because there's so much we could do but we'll hone it in I'm super super
 pumped and the list of guests it's so massive someone asked you know who's
 the number one guest I want to have on because I know I can get all these
 super cool people and friends with and whatever which is great I'm excited but
 the number one guest that I want is the Pope I want to ask the Pope via his
 translator some very specific questions that I think would alleviate a lot of
 fighting especially in America because people hide behind religion as a reason
 to do this to people I've seen a lot which is the opposite of what we're
 actually supposed to do with religion if you're following it and I just want to
 be like Christ said yeah yeah was Christ like super judgy or did I miss
 that part like he flipped a table once fair enough we all have but I'm flipping
 this after but yeah I just think it would be really cool to go straight to
 the head of that source on earth and be like here's the questions here's the
 thing is that people keep fighting about in the name of religion let's say you
 you know that's my number one that is so cool right I want to put it out there
 yeah how did you get that who's the connection point Tony Robbins Tony knows
 everybody Tony knows everybody that's fun okay I'll call Jerick to call his dad
 I'm scared well I don't even need that extra one I'm sitting with you like
 another leg of Tony's yeah so cool thanks for coming to Boise's hanging out
 get away to your funnel live oh my gosh showed I'm free by 23 let's go this
 thing again you spent eight years struggling with this figure out the
 solution I'm excited to get it to more people me too thank you with your help
 for you yes thank you so much thank you all right this is also gonna want thank
 you so much for listening this episode if you enjoyed it please share it with
 somebody you know who could benefit from it let them listen to it hopefully I
 enjoyed it and again if you have any questions for me about this episode or
 any episodes go to marketing seekers calm on the home page you can submit a
 question let's come directly to me and I'll answer them on the next one of the
 next podcast episodes on top of that when you go to marketing seekers calm you
 see the video a version of this podcast you see the show notes whole bunch of
 stuff plus all the other past episodes you can go and binge watch them there I
 think you guys again before listening to the marketing seekers podcast
 You
