 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secret Show.
 I hope that our last episode, you enjoyed episode number one of four with my interview
 with Mark Joiner.
 And it's fun having a chance to re-listen to it and re-watch it and just had so much fun
 that I have such a cool experience.
 And so, you know, without a sudden I'm not going to do too much more other than set up
 the second part of this interview with Mark.
 And I hope you guys enjoyed.
 If you are enjoying this series, please, please, please, please take a screenshot of this on
 your phone, wherever you listen to your podcast and post it on Facebook or Instagram.
 Tag me in it, do hashtag marketing secrets, tag me and please give me your comments, your
 feedback, your ideas, y'all.
 I'd love to hear them.
 And as I said, I'm going to keep the theme song.
 When you come back, you listen to part two of my interview with Mark Joiner.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right, what would be the third most significant strategic move?
 Oh, there's a couple of different directions I could go on this one.
 Can I give two halves?
 Please, I love it.
 The one half is when we launched ClickFunnels, it wasn't just that we were going to build
 a software company.
 In fact, it was probably a month or two before we came out ClickFunnels.
 I went with, I don't know if you know David Fry, but David's when I went back to work.
 His wife's actually my second aunt.
 Anyway, he was dating his now wife.
 I was like a little snot-nosed kid running around at my grandma's house.
 Anyway, so...
 Oh, he's my buddy.
 I love David.
 He's my buddy.
 He's a great guy.
 He's a network marketing convention.
 I remember we were there and the company was a software company.
 We're sitting there with like 5,000 people in the room and all the people coming up stage
 and they're crying and all this stuff.
 I'm just kind of confused.
 This doesn't make any sense.
 I remember you leaned over to me after two days of watching this.
 You said, "You see what they're doing?"
 I'm like, "No, I have no idea what's happening.
 I have so confused."
 He's like, "They're not selling software to they built a community."
 I was like, "Oh my gosh.
 That's the thing.
 They have this community.
 They have a culture."
 I started doing clickphones.
 It was that mindset.
 Like, how do we build a culture?
 It's not just like a software.
 It's like, I want to build something where people feel part of it.
 It's not Russell's company.
 If it's Russell's company, they're going to go to whoever's the cheapest, whoever's
 got the new feature.
 If it's their company, if it's their culture, that shifts everything.
 We started this whole thing from day one of like, "We're funnel hackers.
 This is our movement.
 This is what we believe in.
 This is what we..."
 Two weeks ago, we had our funnel hacking live.
 We had 4,500 people in the room.
 People were going crazy.
 People with clickphones tattooed on their arms.
 People were in custody.
 People were on stage crying.
 I'm looking out.
 I'm like, six years ago, David Fry pointed out to me.
 That became a big piece of it.
 I think it was not just having this as a software product, but having to make this as a movement
 where it's bigger than that.
 That was one big strategic thing that I think a lot of people miss.
 The second one is...
 Again, it comes back to us as marketers.
 We get so excited about the next thing.
 What's the next offer we're going to create and the thing like that?
 I remember after the first year, we click phones at a certain point.
 Me, I'm like, "I want to create something new."
 Even though the market didn't nest on me, something new, I wanted to do something else.
 What I started doing was I realized, "This funnel is in the middle of my value ladder,
 the webinar funnel."
 Tons of people have seen it starting to fatigue a little bit.
 That point, we've done over $10 million in sales.
 That's when we launched the second funnel to bring people in click funnels.
 That's when basically I wrote the .com Secrets book and that became a book funnel.
 People come in and they buy the book, they go to the book funnel, and at the end of the
 book funnel, we send them up into the webinar.
 You guys see that funnel right there, by the way.
 The link's up there for that.
 You guys should check that out, by the way.
 That's another very, very interesting thing.
 You guys need to funnel hack.
 The guy who teaches funnel hacking does, because this dude has mastered this stuff.
 That funnel is sick.
 It is sick.
 Anyway, keep going.
 Yeah.
 I'll tell you a story that shows why this is so powerful.
 Year and a half, two years into click funnels, we started getting all the calls.
 This is when the VCs and all the people start noticing you and they're like, "Hey, we want
 to be part of your journey."
 I just like, I have no desire to do any of that.
 One time some guys like, "We're in Boise State."
 When you get to you, I'm like, "Okay, sure.
 Let's go to lunch."
 It turns out they were in San Francisco.
 They jumped into a plane, a private plane flew in, and then drove to the office like,
 "Hey."
 We're just saying like, "Well, we just flew in."
 I'm like, "When?"
 Just right.
 It was the whole thing that just didn't trick me to thinking they were right there.
 I went to lunch with these guys.
 They started asking me all the VC questions.
 How much does the cost acquire a quick funnel's customer?
 I was like, "Well, if we drive ads to the home page, I can't remember.
 I'm $150 to acquire customer."
 The guy starts getting all exciting and he's like, "Okay."
 We were giving like $40 million in funding.
 He was doing the math, how many customers that would equal all sorts of stuff.
 He's getting all excited and I was like, "Wait, wait, wait."
 I was like, "We actually turned those ads off."
 He's like, "What?
 Why would you do that?
 That's a great cost to acquire customer in the Bay or whatever."
 I'm like, "Because I'm bootstrapping this thing.
 I'm paying for these customers out of my pocket.
 If I'm paying $150 for a trial, I'm going to be broken like a week and a half."
 I said, "But instead of what we did is we created these book funnels where someone
 comes in, they buy a book and I sit on average, we spend about $20 in Facebook ads to sell
 a book.
 Then there's a funnel, right?
 They web-sell the audio book.
 There's a course and there's a couple different products in the funnel.
 We spend $20 to sell a book, but we make $40 in the book funnel.
 I net $20 cash in my pocket.
 Then I tell people, after you read this book, you understand the strategy of funnels.
 Here's how you actually, now you need to use ClickFunnels.
 They technically, all of our customers actually paste $20 before we introduce them to ClickFunnels.
 This is the other book funnel, by the way, guys.
 If you guys want to check that out, both of these are pretty sick.
 The first one was .com secrets and then expert secrets.
 Anyway, we're not fake secrets.
 It's coming out in a month.
 That's the third one.
 I'm going to be at that event.
 Can I say that?
 Can I say it?
 Yes.
 Can I say it?
 Russell is holding this awesome live event.
 He invited a small group of speakers, only 200 people are going to be there in the audience.
 He's going to be broadcasting this live all over the world.
 I'm going to be there.
 I'm going to be one of the speakers.
 I was very flattered and grateful that Russell invited me to be part of this.
 This is going to be sick.
 Russell is going to spread this thing all over the place.
 It's going to be madness.
 Everything that Russell has put on, since, I mean, over the last few years, everything
 you've done has just been nuts, but it's been getting better and better and better.
 I'm so excited to see what you do with this one because I'm like, I have a feeling this
 one is going to be, this is going to kind of eclipse any of the past campaigns you've
 ever done.
 I get a little feeling in my gut.
 I'm so excited for it.
 As I'm writing the book, all I can think about is how we're going to sell the book.
 This is going to be so much fun.
 Yeah.
 Oh, dude, that's awesome.
 That's awesome.
 So fun.
 That's crazy.
 I'm sitting there at that lunch at the VC and I'm telling this stuff and I understand
 the first time that I spent three or four times and finally, I remember he said something
 really profound.
 He said, if what you're telling me is true, this will change business forever.
 I was like, that's the whole thing.
 Any other company that's grown, like a software company has grown to the size we have, all
 of them have taken on money.
 I can't find any that didn't.
 Maybe that's right.
 Maybe it's a couple.
 But for most of all, they all took on money to grow.
 I was like, instead of bringing on cash to grow, you just use a funnel and it finances
 itself the whole way.
 So I think that's a big strategic thing is we drink our own Kool-Aid.
 I literally today was working my funnel team on our next funnel, our next campaign to
 bring more customers in for free that we can then bring in to ClickFunnels.
 I think that's another big piece of understanding.
 You can grow a company without taking on cash.
 It's just understanding this funnel game where your customers financed the growth and
 I think that's the best way to do it.
 Well, I got to tell you what, for me personally, my experience in the VC world and the acquisition
 world and all of that, back in the early days of online marketing before you were still
 in college, but before the first dot-com bubble burst, I'll just give you guys one example
 of one of the ugly things I saw.
 Every company that I've ever started was bootstrapped, but we had some of the same things.
 We had people coming in trying to acquire stuff.
 I started the second paper click search engine.
 While Google was still in college, I started the second paper click search engine.
 Well, I want to be very careful about how I phrase this here.
 Let's just say around that same time, there was a group of people who attempted to acquire
 one of my companies and through some shady reverse merger, backend, crazy deal, these
 guys basically bamboozled us out of everything.
 It turned out that a lot of the guys who were involved in that ended up going to jail for
 stock fraud later.
 That kind of thing, by the way, people don't understand.
 This is common.
 Not only are the VC guys who are the legit VC guys, those guys are sharks too, but there's
 a layer underneath those guys who are like straight criminal sharks as well.
 You have to be extremely careful when you're swimming in that world.
 This is why for me, I don't want to accept outside funding for anything.
 I want to bootstrap everything.
 I want to surround myself around people who are as motivated as I am so that I can grow
 it by pulling ourselves up by our own bootstraps.
 Then we're going to own everything.
 We're going to get all the profit.
 We don't have to worry about some VC jerk off telling us how to run the business when
 they don't really understand.
 I just bought bootstrap.com and my next book is in the co-hoststrap.com.
 Anyway, I love it.
 We have five times.
 I'm like, "Dah, I'm so excited right now."
 That's awesome.
 Okay, so after the trilogy, you're starting a whole new thing.
 This is going to be because the trilogy has all been like how-to books.
 This one's not going to be how-to book.
 This is going to be the story.
 It was crazy.
 Your Clickphones was built remote.
 All of our teams remote.
 Almost every conversation has happened on Boxer.
 Every recording with every important conversation, Clickphone.
 I'm getting them all downloaded and transcribed right now.
 It's going to be like, "This is actual Russell said.
 In fact, you can listen to the conversations anyway."
 I'm excited.
 That's going to be my next project starting in about a year from now.
 Beautiful.
 All right.
 I'm going to have to skip a couple of these.
 Here's what we're going to remember.
 I'm feeling good, so we can keep going.
 Don't worry.
 Awesome.
 Awesome.
 Thank you, Nick, man.
 Every time I talk to Russell, I get more energized.
 I'm generally a pretty energetic guy, but I just vibe because Russell's got this amazing
 -- he effervices.
 He effervices energy.
 All right.
 What would you say are the three biggest barriers or bottlenecks for growth in businesses right
 now?
 My specific business or businesses as a whole?
 Either one.
 You pick either one.
 Interesting.
 So, three biggest bottlenecks for growth.
 I think what -- this may be a little early, but I think one of the biggest things people
 are going to see you are right now.
 We've been in this amazing season where advertising has been easy.
 When I first got started online, I'm grateful for you because I don't know how you guys
 even figured out back in the day.
 We were building lists and there was no Facebook.
 Like, Google wasn't really there the way -- and I was like, "You're on the top.
 You're on viral marketing and we were building these viral sites to acquire customers and
 email addresses."
 I remember sitting listening to the farewell package and talking about all the crazy stuff
 you guys would do to the list.
 So, got my mind thinking like that.
 But --
 Yeah, we had to get super creative.
 We had to get super creative.
 Oh, yeah.
 No one thinks of that anymore.
 So, what happened is Facebook came out.
 It's easy.
 Everyone's in business and it's been like that for the last decade.
 Business has been so, so simple and I don't think it's going to last that much longer.
 I think either some government regulations are going to happen or they're just going
 to do what Google did where they started shifting away from smaller brands and just
 kind of elbow us out and go after bigger companies.
 And I think that's a big reason why we're out with Traffic Secrets book.
 When you get -- hopefully you guys all have a chance to read it when it comes out.
 But it's very much not tactical.
 Like, here's how to run a Facebook ad.
 Like, I don't show the Facebook editor once.
 Like, it's very much like a strategic book.
 Like, how do you start thinking differently?
 Because when Zuckerberg comes and we always joke -- it's probably because I was writing
 the book right when Avengers Endgame came out and Thanos was just a Thanos snap and like
 half the world like, you know, disappears.
 We always talk about Zuckerberg.
 Exuck, we nicknamed it off as Zainos.
 And like, Zainos is going to snap his finger in half the entrepreneurs' businesses will
 disappear.
 And we're seeing -- I've had probably five or six people that are friends in the last
 week alone who's got Facebook ads shut down.
 And I don't -- it's just -- it's going to be coming.
 And so like, I think the biggest thing is that people have had it really good and really
 easy because they've just been like -- I run Facebook ads.
 I run Google ads.
 You know, they're just doing the basics that are simple.
 It's going to get harder.
 And so I think it's time for all the star marketing, like, sort of resharping our marketing
 mind.
 Like, in the Traffic Secrets book, I have a whole chapter on integration marketing.
 I'm like, I learned this by mentor Mark.
 I'm like, you guys, you started learning this stuff.
 And like, you know, it's just all these different things that people haven't had to learn.
 And I think that's -- you know, I'm definitely looking at it.
 And I'm -- again, I keep giving you so much credit because so much of my mindset initially
 was based on your teachings.
 But like, you know, we spend so much effort right now focusing on list building because
 I know that it's going to get harder to build a list.
 Like right now, we average about -- from ClickFunnels.com site, we get about 1,500 leads, like,
 opt-ins a day.
 And from my other funnels, we get about 3, 3 to 4,000 opt-ins a day.
 So we -- we got almost 5,000 people a day opting in.
 And that's our focal point.
 Because I'm like, I'm going to keep building these lists like crazy because someday these
 other things might disappear or get harder or more expensive.
 And I'm going to have these lists.
 And I'll be able to weather the storm where a lot of people are not going to be able to
 because they're not focusing on list building, building relationships with those lists.
 They're just out there buying Facebook ads because it's easy.
 And I think that's one of the biggest things that I'm fearful for.
 I mean, myself, I'm like doubling down.
 I think other people need to as well.
 I want to interject really quickly about something because it's funny you bring this
 up because this is something I've been talking about a lot.
 So I've been doing a lot more public speaking lately.
 And one of the things that I've been talking about is exactly this.
 And I want to show everybody a little bit of an interesting phenomenon.
 Russell, I think you'll appreciate this.
 So if you guys remember Chris Anderson writing the book about the long tail, right?
 And if you look at the -- if this is the rank of -- or sorry, the unit numbers sold of any
 particular -- let's say you imagine you take Amazon's entire marketplace, right?
 This is the number of units sold and this is the rank, right?
 So the number one selling book is going to outsell the number two selling book by an
 order of magnitude at least, right?
 So it's like the inverse of an exponential growth curve.
 So Chris Anderson's whole theory about the long tail was that because automation is making
 everything so easy was that, yeah, traditionally people used to focus all their energy in here
 because this is where all the money was.
 But now because of all, you know, the improvements we have in supply chain technology and deliveries,
 there's so much money in the long tail of the graph.
 And if you can have an inventory of billions and billions and billions of units, that represents
 enormous economic potential.
 But here's what happened.
 The exact opposite of what Chris Anderson predicted is the reality of what happened.
 The Facebook, YouTube, all of these platforms, they built themselves on our backs, okay?
 That we were the ones that created all of the content so that these guys could be so
 big and now we're the eyeballs.
 But guess who they care about now?
 If you take this out and you take the same graph and you speak in terms of ad spending,
 they only care about this portion of the graph.
 Why? While this represents a lot of economic potential, it also represents an enormous
 pain in the ass for the company to ask the manager customers.
 And if they hate the customers, and this is why when you're on Facebook and we're on
 YouTube now, your ads are getting shut down algorithmically or they're getting shut down
 by some low level employee that doesn't really understand what's going on and they don't
 give you any explanation.
 I've had, and Russell, you probably heard so many stories like this, people wake up in
 the morning and then they have this business, it's going great guns and they're saying
 to their wives, this is it.
 We've made it and then the next day they wake up and then because something happened
 algorithmically in Facebook, they completely get shut down, their lives are basically shattered
 as a result of that.
 So unless you're here in terms of ad spend, you don't get their attention.
 They're not going to explain to you why they shut you down.
 And this is why we started this thing called integration marketing society.
 So you talked about integration marketing, so we're building integration marketing society
 so people can band together and buttress ourselves against the threat of this.
 That's what that whole thing is all about.
 So I want to have another conversation with you about that another time because I think
 that there's a lot of potential synergy there and glad you're seeing that same thing.
 So what would you say is the number two and three bottlenecks now then?
 Let's see, so definitely traffic's the biggest one.
 I think, and I don't know how historically how this all works, but it's like, in advertising,
 advertising is all about the pattern interrupt, right?
 We're seeing stuff happening and then the thing that catches our attention interrupts,
 right?
 And then when we first got started, you'd figure out a pattern interrupt and that thing would
 last for months or years before people kind of cut on and figured it out.
 And now it's tough because we come out with a new pattern interrupt and post on Instagram
 and within like 15 minutes, there's 800 other people doing the exact same post.
 They just say, "Work for us, let's work for me," right?
 And they start doing it.
 And it's interesting because it's so easy to clone into copying things like that.
 And so I think for people who are truly trying to grow companies and serve in a different
 level and be creatives, being creative is harder.
 And I think that it takes, I don't know what exactly, I don't know how to phrase it right,
 but it's like, I think that the me two stuffs can get worse and worse because some people
 copying, right?
 Like, you're going to get better at the creation and creative and better at figuring out how
 to break the pattern and break the pattern and stay in front of it all the time because
 it's crazy how fast things get knocked off.
 We have a campaign or something that's working and it's crazy.
 In fact, I had this conversation with Dean Groszios, who's becoming a dear friend, and
 Dean ran Infomercials for a year.
 He said that he would record a show in Infomercial and the lifestyle was like 18 months.
 Every 18 months he had a recording a show.
 Then he came on the internet and he's like, "I started doing my ads and I would launch
 them on Facebook or Instagram."
 He's like, "They'd be killing it for day and half, two days, and it's gone."
 He's like, "What?"
 They couldn't figure it out.
 He basically came back and said, "The basically he figured it out."
 He has to create tons of creative.
 I said, "Well, how much?
 One out a week, two ads a week?"
 He's like, "No, no, no."
 He's like, "I carry my phone over.
 I go out.
 Two to three ads a day minimum."
 He's walking out with his book.
 Here's an ad here.
 He walks through his daughter's soccer and he's doing an ad there.
 He's in the elevators, doing an ad there, just tons and tons and tons and tons of creative.
 I was like, "Break the pattern."
 I had to grab people's attention.
 It's like those people aren't willing to...
 If you don't love your thing enough, I got to create a lot more creative.
 It's going to be hard because people just knock you off.
 I mean, it's a big part for us.
 We used to spend so much time being slower on creating ads and stuff.
 It's more like, how do we stay in front of that curve and get excited where the art
 isn't in creating the next product or the next campaign or the next funnel?
 The art becomes like, "What's the new way I can sell the thing I already have?"
 It's that big shift.
 In fact, in our company, I kind of like building funnels.
 I'm a little obsessed with it.
 It's a long time for four points.
 The way we kept growing is creating funnels and creating funnels.
 The tough thing is it takes...
 I don't know.
 It's just hard to keep doing that because then every time you create new funnels, you
 create new ads.
 It's a lot more work and effort.
 Whereas now, it's like we shift our focus tonight.
 Less funnels but more creative for every funnel.
 It's just a different mindset shift.
 I don't know if that's not super clear to like came out, but it's one of the big problems
 I'm seeing that we're having is ad fatigue.
 It burns out super fast.
 If you're not in front of just creation, all the time, there are different ways to break
 the pattern.
 You're going to get left behind really, really quickly because the copycats are so many of
 now that even if you are copying the good pattern, the diminishing return hits so fast.
 Well, the problem is, is people also don't know how to copy.
 For me, there's like three levels of copying.
 One is straight out plagiarism.
 The next one is is people take your surface stuff and they change a few words and then
 they pop that up.
 Which to me is just as dumb and is just as shady.
 Because first of all, changing a couple of words doesn't make sense when you're dealing
 with a completely different product.
 There are even a lot of pop-ups.
 There's so many different things are different.
 This is where you really got to get into the real understanding of when you're funnel hacking
 something or you're modeling something.
 What you have to understand is the psychological structure behind it.
 This is what breakthrough advertising, the classic Eugene Schwartz book that everybody
 should be reading.
 I have to read that probably about five times before it finally sunk in.
 Holy crap.
 I didn't really understand it at first.
 I was like, "Oh, okay, it's interesting."
 But then when it finally clicked.
 This whole idea is basically based on the notion that you've got to analyze how to connect
 your product with the market forces that already exist.
 Every product in every market is going to have a different way of connecting that.
 You can't copy that from someone.
 The only way to get that correctly to have a real big legitimate breakthrough in the
 business is through the process of analysis.
 That's the core idea of...
 There's so many different nuggets of wisdom from breakthrough advertising, but that's
 the core thing that people have better get good at because I tell you what, if they don't,
 here's what's going to happen.
 It's going to become like the quants in the trading game.
 The quants are like, "Hey, let's see who can shave a quarter of a millisecond off the trading
 time on the stock market."
 If the marketing world becomes like that, good luck to you unless you're the guy with
 the best quants.
 The only other way to compete then is to train your creative mind to come up with creative
 answers.
 As you remember from the farewell package, there are so many ways to do that.
 There are so many out-of-the-box ways.
 You don't have to do things the same way everyone else is doing, but everybody's getting lazy
 now because they see the quick way to get it done.
 I think what's going to happen to those people is going to happen.
 It's going to be what happened to the people early on in the early internet.
 When the guy's got the big, quick SEO money, because remember I was telling you, "Hey,
 man, don't do the AdSense.
 Don't go too far down that AdSense rabbit hole.
 Build your list."
 Remember all those guys who were killing it with AdSense, and then we're going, "Boom,
 Thanos snapped his fingers, and then all of her money was gone."
 That's going to happen to everybody who doesn't build their creative muscle.
 100 percent.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again, and really quick, I wanted to invite you to join arguably
 the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community, and it is a challenge
 we call the One Funnel Way Challenge.
 Everyone in their business, in their life, they're one fun away from something.
 Some of you guys are one fun away from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one fun away from getting more impact.
 Some of you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level.
 You created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next
 funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business, this challenge is going to help you understand
 the strategy, help you understand the tactics, help you understand all the things you need
 to be successful with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now.
 Stop everything, pause the audio, go online and go to OneFunnelWay.com.
 That's OneFunnelWay.com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days, so go get started right now.
 OneFunnelWay.com.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
