 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing secrets podcast
 Everyone sorry, it's been a little while since you probably heard from me in any channel. I have been
 Suffering my first sickness in probably three or almost four years as long back as I can remember actually so it's been a long time
 But the Christmas Eve I came down with the fever and I had a fever of 103 and 104 for about a week
 Constantly so it was really painful and getting better now, which is fun. Only I have this fake nasty cough
 so I'll probably be
 less than high than normal Russell energy because
 Because the coughing just kind of kills me so anyway, that's kind of what's happening. I'm excited to be here with you guys today
 Alright, so I
 Think there's one or two podcast episodes. I recorded the will probably post after this just cuz I'm just you know
 How that is sometimes a couple editing things like that. I want to do on them
 And so just wanted to get you guys one really quick
 I actually just drove my parents to the airport and dropped them off and
 And had some thoughts I wanted to share with you guys about is your business ready for a funnel?
 And there's one that's just kind of top of my mind right now is my dad was in town and he's got a really cool
 County business with some of you guys use him which I appreciate that
 I get nothing for recommending him, but he's awesome and it's bookies.com B-O-O-K-E-A-S-E.com
 And they do business structuring so they help you get protected by the way you structure your business
 They do accounting the bookkeeping
 If you haven't paid taxes in like five years like most entrepreneurs seem to not do when they get started
 They do all that stuff and catch you up and
 Excuse me really cool business was book ease.com
 And I've talked about it before on this podcast
 I told everyone how it's like the cheapest thing ever and keep trying to raise their prices and
 It's funny as they're as they're trying to turn this into an actual business business like it's it's a good business
 They've gotten a few hundred clients a lot of a lot of click funnels members
 Intercircle members stuff like that they do stuff for and try to grow and I keep I keep kind of tell my dad
 Like these are things that need to happen if you be able to grow and so I'm I want to share them because I think it's true for a lot of
 Businesses who make this leap we're trying to transition from the kind of whatever they do now to like using funnels
 I know my dad he went and like you don't want to bug me
 So he went higher some to build from funnels the person build in the funnel and they build a webinar funnel and my dad
 Show me like yeah our funnels down and I'm like okay
 Do you have a webinar? He's like no like and why did he build your webinar funnel?
 He's like I don't know he just he told us that we needed a funnel and so like this is the funnel he built
 I'm like did you build my dad a funnel and doesn't even talk strategy?
 Duh, so that's what today's lesson is gonna be about so
 Kind of go up top of my head that these are the things that are necessary if you want your company to be successful
 With funnels all right number one you need to have somebody on your team
 Incharge of marketing who is a high D now the reason I say
 High D this is if you take the disc profile
 D. I see I take the disc profile you have somebody who is a high D or is a driver
 There's so many companies. I know who do not have a high D
 That's running stuff because that nothing ever actually gets done
 So one you need to have a high D if you do not have a high D on your team yet
 You are not going to grow and I have bad news for you
 You're not gonna become a ID if you are not one already
 Okay, it's not something I believe you can develop or should you try to develop it?
 You should find the right person to do that now
 I'm a big believer that the only thing in your business actually matters is the marketing therefore I think that
 for most of you guys
 You know your CMO and your CEO should be the same person because that is business is marketing
 I know this in the product people out there will disagree with me, but I think that I'm right and I've gotten a big
 account to prove it so there you go just get I don't want to be the annoying guy I'm not that annoying
 I just want to make a point that you need to have somebody that's driving the marketing and hopefully it's the CEO or the owner
 Whatever, but and that person needs to be a super high D
 Okay, and so if you're not a high D and you're wondering where I couldn't I growing is because you don't have that person yet
 And so take the disc profile. It's free online in fact
 I think you are Tony Robbins calm scroll the very bottom of the links is just profile take that and find out if you're
 ID and if you're not find out going your team is a high D
 If you have an idea if there's no IDs on your team
 You're not gonna drive the sink to where you want to go you let visions and you'll think about how nice to be having a bigger
 Company, but you you're not gonna do it
 It's just not possible that a high D on your team
 So get a high D and make that person in charge of the marketing of your business. That's number one. All right
 because
 Number two is gonna be you come obsessed with the marketing of your business, okay?
 And we've talked about this a lot before in the past
 But there's be somebody who's obsessed if there's not somebody in your team who's read both my books at least twice
 Then there's not an obsessive marketing person on your team
 And I'm saying my book because my books the compilation of all good marketing books put together to like strategic
 chronological order
 These are not like my thoughts. These are like my books are here's Russell reading 800 books and then putting in chronological order after testing
 Everything you tell you it actually works in the order works, right?
 And so if someone your team in this day and age who's building a funnel and charging a market hasn't is not obsessed with my books
 Not out of ego, but just out of the fact that they're not gonna be successful
 Like they need to read it and understand it and read it and read it and read it
 Okay, so this person's saying hey, we should build a webinar funnel
 They start building webinar funnel at all the your time and your money your expertise
 You're building webinar funnel, then you come back and people gonna actually have webinar yet
 They should be fired. Okay, so just make sure you are fully aware of that
 Because they understand the strategy and they're saying the selling they understand like all those kind of things like all the things are very very important
 Again, so number two number three you have to create an offer that can sustain paid traffic
 Okay, we are in a world right now and it shifts all the time as today the world will be living right now
 Majority of your guys is traffic. I know this because we get billions of visitors a year coming through cliff fun
 So the majority of your traffic right now is coming from Facebook the majority
 Okay, and good old Mark Zuckerberg is gonna charge you on the low end the very very very low end one dollar per opt in
 Registering for whatever it is per lead and the high end looking at eight to ten bucks a lead per lead
 Yeah, so if you're selling something they can't sustain where you got to spend I say I said average looking three to five bucks
 Lead okay three dollars five dollars lead. So if you're selling something
 Let's say you're selling a fifty dollar a week payment, you know like like let's say your chiropractor
 I think you dollar a week payment or whatever. I don't know my brain's kind of tired
 So that's probably a bad example, but whatever. There's your son, right?
 And you're saying look for me, you know, I'm gonna need a hundred leads to close one person or three people whatever
 It's costing me five bucks per lead. So I gotta pay you know whatever that it costs and that being there
 If if those numbers don't work for you, you have to shift how like your pricing strategy
 Like that's my biggest problem for my dad right now is that they're they have really an expensive accounting service
 It was just great first clients the ones you know about him and nobody else will ever know about it because you can't sustain growth right now
 Okay, so that's why you used to go use them quick before they jacked their prices up
 I think he told you okay because you need to have money to be able to spend on advertising to acquire customers to bring them in
 And probably incentivize a salesperson that high D because most high D's they're rain makers, right?
 They want to get paid a lot for the work they do and unless you are a high D who's gonna be doing that
 You need that person there to be able to afford them, right? And so
 You gotta be able to have those things in place. You got to
 Change offering if you tell my dad like people need to pay at least $2,000 just to begin the interaction with your company
 Man, that gives you at least a thousand dollars. You can spend to get that customer
 Which is going to be necessary in the business type and business model your end, right?
 So you got to be able to figure out like
 Does my business like do I have an offer I can sell right now?
 The first office sexy people actually want second off I can charge enough money
 That it'll it'll make me money and it'll cover all of my advertising expense
 If not, you're not gonna be able to grow your business on how great your product your services. Unfortunately, it's just true
 Okay, so you gotta make sure it's gonna be able to sustain the the growth of it, right?
 So what we got we got driver number one. You got something obsessive. You can drive this thing number two
 You gotta go number two is the obsessive
 Sessive the marketing of the sales just get a geek out and just go crazy to understand the strategy behind your specific business
 It should be number three. I make sure you have an offer that
 Can that will um
 Will absorb all the cost of advertising so you can actually go up there and you can advertise
 And then before you have somebody who can sell a thing
 Okay, and so there's different ways that we sell stuff online, right?
 There's sales letters like a long form sales letter
 So if you're gonna be selling through sales, you need a copywriter who's good
 Good coppers aren't cheap. Okay, or if you're something on the phone you need someone on the phone who can sell now
 My guess is most of your most of your sales people are also gonna be high D is not all the time though
 Sometimes copywriters aren't and things like that, but um if you're gonna be doing webinars like either you need to be in the presentation or somebody
 Needs to be in a presentation that person's typically giving you a high D
 Because we need to stage event presentation webinar presentations, right?
 Use somebody to sell the thing you've got as a lot of ways to sell you sell through the written written form, right?
 Sales letters do verbally like phone sales
 Audio you can do video you can do webinars there's different ways
 We have to be like what's the sales mechanism that's gonna sell that offer that you created
 So that's the next piece of the pie
 And the last piece of the pie is who's gonna be getting the traffic those people to show up
 So the person can actually sell them right with the marketing so you got
 the marketing
 Drives the traffic that brings the people in
 Then the sales person can sell the person your amazing ears will offer that will cover all the cost of your advertising plus cover the cost of all the people involved
 To make this amazing thing happen
 Um, and that's how this whole game is played. So I just wanted to kind of put those things out of there for those who are
 The phones are working for me. You're not kind of figuring out you've been trying to sing even dabbling and you're struggling
 Like all there's all those little things, you know, and I know those things are all true and they're all real
 Um, and if I was building a business from scratch or if you were to hire me as consultant
 And this is exactly what I do the first thing I would do is like, okay, who are your team?
 I'm gonna be the driver
 Okay, take the disc profile. Okay, you get no drivers your team would go hire drivers can find one quick
 Okay, or it's like hey that dude are there who's doing nothing. That's your driver like we're gonna put him in the spot
 Okay, and then number two is like all right
 This person needs to become obsessed with the marketing and the sales like they need to be
 Awesome the strategy of the driving of this thing, right?
 Because sometimes you might create 10 20 30 funnels before you get the one that pops for you
 So if the person gets bored after attempting the first funnel
 Not the right person you need a driver who's obsessed who's gonna be just keep going and going and going until this thing works, right?
 Um, then I'm gonna be figuring out okay
 What's the actual offer we're gonna be selling because it needs to be something that's big enough to sustain the growth we can grow this as a company
 How to make a really sexy ear is this will offer?
 um
 That's expensive enough that again can cover all the costs and then um
 And then from there be okay, how are we selling this thing we sell some webinar through through whatever and I either I either I
 Be doing webinar be hiring webinar person or be hiring a copywriter or whatever, right?
 Figuring out who's gonna be selling this thing. That's the next key
 And then last is how to get the who's the person that's gonna be driving the traffic in the market
 Who's gonna be getting the eyeballs to show up so we can actually sell them and those are the pieces and you don't have those pieces
 That's probably why you're struggling right now
 Time to start building your venture team. I talked about this last podcast episode
 I think like finding the people around you start building a team. Look at this like a real business
 um
 It's two ways to build a business one is to try to learn all the stuff yourself and it'll take a long time and be a lot of effort and work
 Number two is to go hire a bunch of people do it which that costs a lot of money
 Um, it can be done, but it's way more expensive and typically
 Um, you're gonna be able to hire the best number three is start networking start building an avengers team
 five people who all believe the vision the mission and uh
 One of my first mentors, uh, he passed away a couple years ago. Uh, his name's chatt homes
 Remember rosh talking him initially you told me his company bill. He was an entire company was a single person
 On payroll everyone's bay was paid based on a percentage what they sold. I was like what?
 They said uh, he said yeah, basically, uh, the way it works is in our company is like big months
 We all get big checks small months. We all get small checks
 That's the way companies should be run if I was to start over everything from
 Day one once again, I would definitely be doing it from that from that vantage point
 Find people bring them in together some on your idea
 Don't spring in people just because like you're your friends and your family members though
 Like find the right people take the dis profile
 They surround yourself with what you aren't if you're a high D and high I find people that are high as an high C and vice versa like
 um, uh, in inner circle we uh, man de keen is one of the inner circle coaches
 Um, she did a training on on this profile. She's a really cool thing when she showed my dis profile
 They showed all the people around me and like my core
 Uh team right my management team like who my partners and where are my assistant all those kind of people and it's like it was interesting
 how
 How like we looked at me versus all people around me how like they all
 compliment me in this really cool way that, um, based on that way the soup one super human
 Um, because unfortunately, we're not all super humans. I wish I was wish I was a high d i s c but i'm not so
 I guess you're on myself for those other people. So
 Anyway, hope that helps you guys
 I'm almost back to the office on an advanced because I started having a coughing tach and i'm gonna do that off camera
 So it takes everybody
 I hope you have an amazing day and we'll talk to you soon.
 Bye.
