 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast pump to have you here today?
 I want to talk about the things that give you energy and the things that suck away your energy because that's what hundred
 Cenju do with whether or not you are going to have success in the mission that you are pursuing
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so I wanted to start off with telling you the story because that's what Russell does I tell stories
 I know
 so I
 know I have
 My inner circle, but then we this year we created a new level of my mastermind called the category Kings and
 The category Kings it's people made at least 10 million bucks inside their business
 It's an expensive groups hundred fifty thousand dollars a year to be part of it and it is insane like anyway
 But like the groups amazing because they get so much fun, but this last meeting we had I did something different
 I've never done before the first time obviously we did it everyone and introduce themselves and got you know
 I never got no each other, but
 that was like
 you know that was
 The second time we all knew each other so it wasn't like I'm like how do we how do we start this meeting and so I had an idea right before
 started I thought you know instead of
 introducing ourselves or instead of just you know diving right into our businesses and consulting each other like we do and all
 That kind of stuff I was like what if we
 Step back and got a little bit vulnerable
 Which I'm not like a vulnerable dude. That's not like my thing
 I'm not like you know tell me about your feelings. I'm just like what's the mission?
 Let's go conquer and dominate like that's kind of you know more my attitude on things
 But like last minute I had this idea like okay, let's do this thing and so
 What I had everybody do is we went around the room. I said okay. I want you to give me
 three things in your life that are
 That are giving you more energy than they're taking right so everything takes energy like for me to go and run a run a
 5k takes a lot of energy but for some people like that gives them more energy than it takes because it's like the the thrill of the
 Fight like for me if I ever run a 10k like I'm gonna die like it's sucking all the energy
 I don't want to do it right
 But for you if I want to go like cut 20 pounds and go wrestling wrestling tournament like that's gonna give me more energy
 Than it's taking so it gets me excited and I feel energy right so this first question was like what are things
 What are three things like that are happening that are taking more energy than they're giving and then what are three things that are giving me more energy
 Than they're taking right so basically coming down like what are the
 The three things you're most excited for and the three things you're dreading the most right because if you look at if you
 Really look at it like all the tasks we have all the things we have to do every single day
 It comes down to that like is this is this thing this task is conversation this project this meeting
 Is it give me more energy than it's taking or is it taking more energy than it's giving?
 And that's how you're gonna feel about thing right if it's giving more energy
 You're gonna be excited it's gonna be fun
 You're gonna be happy if it's taking more energy than it's giving you're gonna
 Regret it you're gonna like not look forward to it. You're gonna be like like anxiety and frustration and like
 Depression or whatever whatever term you want to hook to it
 But that's really what it comes down to is that like what's giving you more energy than it's taking what's taking more energy than it's giving and
 What's interesting is that?
 It's not super cut and dry because that that thing can change right it can change based on a lot of things can change by like
 How will you slip that night before it can change based on?
 You know inside of a project. There's some things that probably give you more energy and something to take more energy right like right now
 I'm doing a
 Writing a script for a webinar that we're doing next week and like the overall business we're launching the webinar gives me a ton of energy
 Way more than second right so excited
 And then like what I was working on slides the first was really fun
 But I'm the part where I I got the you know the four slides that matter the headline
 Slide video tell slide the three-secret slide the offer stack like now that those ones are done
 Now it's like all the work inside like now building rest of slide deck is like taking more energy than it's giving me
 So like I'm dreading and I'm trying to do everything possible to not do it
 I'm like finding a million distractions right you know project as a whole is giving more energy this task inside the project is not
 And so my mind starts avoiding it and starts fighting it
 And so it was interesting when we led the category key meeting that way
 People got really vulnerable really fast and it was this fascinating because usually the thing they were most excited about was like giving them energy and
 Things they were stressed about taking energy, but now we had this this open dialogue
 Where now we could look at everyone's lives individually and it wasn't just like how do we help your business?
 But it's like man
 How do we how do we continue to have the energy and the things that are making you excited and then the things that are sucking the energy from you?
 How do we transition or shift or change those things so they are giving you energy and so it's interesting
 As I've been thinking about that the last little bit especially of last like probably 48 hours or so
 I've got a lot of projects that were juggling and you know, there's there's an increased level of stress and anxiety
 With the projects but also at home with some of my kids
 There's definitely things that are like taking way more energy in the game
 They're taking tons of energy and giving zero energy back
 You know and so it's like this this thing in the net hole the net overall right now is
 If I look at all the things and add them up, there's you know, I'm getting pulled more energy away than I'm getting and so because that's like I'm tired
 I'm I'm losing motivation. It's hard to keep doing things
 But it was interesting is like and this is true to all things in life is like when you're conscious of it then you can
 Then you can affect it. You can change it, right?
 And so
 That's what I've been trying to do is looking at all the moments of my day and looking like okay
 What like in this spot right now?
 Am I getting any energy? It was a taking energy. Okay, if it's taking energy like what I need to do to offset it like
 Like let's say I'm with one of my kids who drive me nuts like okay
 I need to get energy and excitement from this tube because I got at least negated if not make it, you know a net positive
 But right now it's a net negative, right?
 And so it's gonna be really hard like how do we what do I need to do? What do I shift?
 Like how do I change our energy? How do I change the situation the moment the environment though?
 Whatever it is to shift this around right? I'm doing the same thing at the office like slides like I'm working on these slides like
 Like right now it's like oh like sucking more energy than it's giving me like how do I make this fun?
 How do I get exciting?
 Because I need to pull someone in and show them why then so far is that I gotta
 Talk it out. I need to record a video about me. Do I need you know me talking about it?
 Do I need like do a Facebook live like like getting people excited about the vision what we're creating so they give me more
 You know energy to go back and finish the slides
 Anyway, I don't know the answer but the awareness of it
 Is uh has been super helpful for me over the last couple days
 And so I wanted to get to give that gift to you guys to start looking at the things in your life the macros and the micros
 Right like the macros like this project
 Um, you know my kids some are coming up school happening. Um, you know
 Whatever it is for you like the macros like look at look at those
 And and look at it like just give me more energy than it's taking if it's taking more energy
 You need to kill it
 Um or you need to figure out a way to infuse more energy in the moment to at least negate it
 So at least at least it's like it's a net zero as opposed to uh to you losing energy, right?
 Um or the other side is just making sure then that the things that are giving you energy
 That you're doing as much if not more of those
 To to help you to survive with all the negative
 You know the other side of things because it all said and done every single day
 We've got x amount of energy and I don't know if the energy is tied to just our caloric intake if it's you know
 It's our spiritual our mental our physical like it's probably all those things together, right?
 but we only have so much
 and so
 In fact, this is it's interesting like I hear a lot of my friends who are
 More personal about the speakers. I always talk about like you got to fill your own bucket
 You got to fill yourself up like if you don't fill yourself up
 You know, you know, you're not gonna have the ability to to fill up other people
 And I think especially for us as creators as entrepreneurs as business people as those who are leaders that are you know that are
 That are helping and moving and transitioning thousands of people or tens of thousands some cases hundreds of thousands or more
 like um everyone those interactions those people and those things you're doing are taking energy and so
 Like we have to be very conscious and very careful of it
 And so anyway, I just want to show it because it's given me kind of a new framework to look at all these different things through like okay
 This situation sucking energy if I stay in this moment this situation too long
 It's gonna deplete me and I'm gonna just want to give up for the rest of the day, right?
 How do I shift this around? How do I change things around?
 There's a lot of ways to do that, right? It can be excitement. Can you jumping around? It could be talking about it?
 It could be drinking caffeine. It could be eating good food
 um, you know back when we were first building clique funnels we were in the heat of it like I would go to the grocery store
 This is before healthy rustle came out. I'd buy a thing of hot tamales and the thing of
 uh of kick cats and I would eat chocolate kick cats and hot tamales and that gave me energy
 I mean wasn't physical energy or bench-ledger to you, but I felt good
 I could keep working on slides as long as I was eating those things in tandem which is weird
 But you had to figure out what's gonna work for you. So anyway, I hope it helps
 Um sometimes for me just talking about it gives me more of a clear picture as well as what's to do
 So hopefully it's helped some of you guys as well
 Um, but ask yourself that question. They were three things in my life that are giving me more energy than they're taking
 And then we're three things right if they're taking more energy than they're giving
 Right, those things out and start looking at it's okay as a net hole my positive or negative
 Okay, I need more things that are getting energy
 The things that are taking energy. Okay. What can I do? How can I change the environment the situation?
 Uh the story around this so that it gives me more energy to get me at least closer to to break even or you know
 In a perfect world the words in that positive and then um
 And just look at those things and if you can do that overall, I feel like that's a way to
 Be able to get more done to feel better about it feel good the night where you're going to bed and you're like, oh, I feel good right now
 um
 one of my favorite quotes from tom bill use he said the fulfillment is
 Um being happy with yourself when you're all by yourself, right?
 And so then when you're going to bench sitting there like man, I feel good about today. I feel good about what I accomplished
 I feel good about the things
 I think it all comes down to really understanding and mastering the energy management. So hope it helps
 Thanks. Yes, we're listening and we'll talk to you all soon. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone
 And post it to facebook instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this
 Episode and what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also, Dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 And this free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsletter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 There'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsletter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
