 Hey, good morning everybody. I hope you are doing amazing today's episode. I want to talk about worldly goals
 should we pursue them should we not pursue them and
 Also share with you a quote. I got from brocassilo
 She sent to me as a personal message and it was amazing. So if I was here with you is here
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so some of you guys know Brooke'silo she is amazing. She's someone I had a chance to hang out with
 When was I a summer ago two summers ago camera if it was during COVID or not anyway, it's all big blur now
 But she's someone who's built an amazing business in fact. It's interesting. She she has a programmer. She helps coaches
 to become better coaches and she certifies them and
 Anyway, she's she's killing it. She's doing an awesome stuff and on top of that
 What's really really amazing is that the people who go through a coaching certification program how good they end up?
 I think we hired and
 10 or 12 of them that work with our two comic club ex students helping them on the mindset side of things and they are amazing and
 Anyway, so shout out to Brooke. She's amazing. But anyway, she's probably gonna hear this and it's gonna laugh that I'm even posting this but
 she has no I'm working on my new book and I'm having so much fun with it and
 I've shared a little bit about in last couple podcast episodes and she messaged me yesterday saying hey
 I listened to your podcast episode and she had some ideas for me and they were so good afterwards
 I'm like this is literally gonna be in the new book. I hope you're okay with that because it's so good
 And so I want to share these here because I think it's
 It's important. It's something that
 Most of us probably struggle with maybe not everybody but a lot of us do and that's like should we be pursuing worldly goals, right?
 And this is tough especially for me and for my background for my culture, right? What do you know? I am?
 Were I'm
 We call ourselves Mormons
 But we're not just called ourselves the Mormons if we call ourselves members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day
 Sayings so
 And so even within that culture for sure people, you know a lot of times look down on or they don't believe we should be pursuing
 Worthy worldly sorry not worthy worldly
 Start to say that word worldly goals
 and so
 This is kind of the conversations like well, what should we be doing those things?
 You know like should we only be focusing on spiritual goals and and things like that or should be like is it okay to even do those things
 Right like I have people more often than you believe not just within my church within
 Most Christian denominations where they struggle with like making money is a bad as an evil like I'm gonna go to hell
 Like what's up? You know all those kind of things and it's interesting because for me
 I didn't know this or believe this for a long time until I hired
 Actually a really good coach who pointed out to me just showing me how aligned like the goals
 I'm pursuing in business where they were with like what I believe is my spiritual mission
 And for me it gave me permission to push harder to try hard and to put more effort and energy into
 Pursuing my worldly goals right my my business goals my my desires to make money to grow a company all those kind of things and so
 anyway, she's the way she said it was just so cool and
 Anyway, so I'm just gonna I literally transcribed it
 That's how good it was and I'm gonna read it to you if you're cool with that
 So specifically talking about the pursuit of worldly goals
 And so she said the reason why I think we're in this world is to evolve ourselves both mentally and spiritually and the worldly goals
 Are what can allow us to get there because if you think about it when you set a million dollar goal?
 You have to get over all of yourself down all of your fear all of your worries
 though other people think about you and one of the things I often say to my students is that you have to have the ability to believe in
 Yourself you have to have the ability to know what you're capable of and I think a lot of people have a tough time with that
 Because they think that they're gonna be too arrogant or they're gonna be thinking in too highly of themselves
 And one of the things that I tell them is that you didn't make yourself, right?
 You're not the one that created you so it's not really up to you to judge
 It's up to you to accept that you are a hundred percent worthy and a hundred percent capable
 And the desires that you've been given to you in your heart are the map to where you need to go
 And when you don't pay attention to those desires, you are smaller than what you're meant to be
 There's a huge escrow out there waiting for you
 And if you don't claim it then nobody will and so it's fun to have money goals
 And it's fun to have business goals just because of what they require you to do to evolve
 And the other point is I think it's super important that as soon as you set your big goals for yourself
 Even the Hall of Fame goals Super Bowl goals for yourself
 If you're going to immediately doubt yourself you're gonna immediately think that you're not good enough
 And this is the whole frickin point
 If you're not feeling uncomfortable that you're not feeling like you're making a contribution to your own life and other people's lives
 And I don't think that your goals are actually big enough
 Okay, so that's what she sent me and I probably just had her I should just push play and let you listen to it
 But I'd never permission and you know I wanted to keep sending me cool messages like this
 So hopefully I get that like I thought it was so powerful
 For so many different reasons, you know partially is because like should we be pursuing these things right like I have these desires
 Like I want to make more money. I want to build a business. I want to grow
 I want to change the world. I want to do whatever it is right and it's like well who put those desires in us right?
 Those desires I believe are from God
 They're like the things that are pushing us on this path that are making us move forward there
 They're making us go and try to make this world a better place, right?
 And so that's part of it the other thing she said it was so cool was
 Just the fact that like but you didn't make you right you didn't create yourself somebody else created you
 They saw your potential they put you here on earth. They said okay go and pursue this thing
 Right and so like who are we to judge like if they if God created us and he put us out here and gave us these desires
 That we need to go do like like it would it would be wrong first not to pursue those desires, right? And
 It's funny Stephen Larson said something similar. He's like man. He's like I he's like I I'd done a lot of therapy and work and personal
 Bell means like but man business was the greatest personal development lesson in my life because all of a sudden you're faced with your
 Anatomy's season your awkwardness and your shyness and like all the things come up, right?
 Your fear of your fear of rejection your fear of failure like you fear of just all the things right everything comes up
 As you're in the pursuit of your goals, and I think that that's what people understand like
 You know somebody else created us they put us here
 They give us these desires and they want to see what we're gonna do with it
 And if you read it's interesting if you read the Bible and you read about the the parable of the talents, right?
 I'm probably gonna slaughter the the actual story
 But you know God gave or the master in the story gave people different talents right and talents back then were money
 So you want person one talent someone else three someone else five right and the person with the five talents when they use it
 They invested it is stuff and came back and it made ten right and the guy three went invested and came back
 It's five and the person with one didn't want to lose that one so they buried and they hit it down and then the Lord came back to them
 Or the master came back to them and said
 You know basically rebuke the person and told them they were
 Listen a wise or an unwise and slothful servant right so they didn't use a talent
 They were given like God put you on this planet
 He gave you a talent and if you don't do something with it like he's gonna rebuke you right like he wants you to do something with your
 Your ability to to grow and create and to evolve and to do something and so I think that you know
 I would say it's the adversary who's telling us the opposite which is like don't pursue those things don't try to grow
 Like you're not worthy. You're not ready like no no like you are you're worthy. You're ready
 You're not you're sorry you're worthy. You're not ready yet
 Well, they say they say that God doesn't call the qualified he qualifies the called right so we've all been called
 Most people don't pursue it most people hide they they shrink whereas if you understand it correctly
 It's like no, you're gonna call but you're not gonna be ready
 That's the whole point is you go out on this journey and start learning and start growing start figuring things out putting the pieces together becoming
 Something different becoming somebody more right it's life's not who you are. It's who you're becoming and it's a constant journey until we die
 So it's like who might be coming who might be coming you're moving forward moving forward moving forward trying to become that person
 And so I think that's really the goal. So my belief especially like the way she said it was just so powerful, but
 These worldly goals these things that sometimes are looked at as negative and they can be negative
 I think I think they can destroy people too, right? There's always with everything
 There's the moderation and all things but it's understanding that like these goals and these desires were putting our hearts
 By someone that wasn't us right by our creator by by the person who created us and so
 Anyway, I hope that helps somebody out there who's who's stressed or worrying or trying to figure things out right like
 Like it's gonna be okay. You're not gonna feel worthy. You're not gonna feel ready. You know, you have all the inadequacies
 You're gonna feel
 Like she said like off I do this. I'm gonna people with them arrogant. They think I'm thinking too highly of myself like no like like
 You were you were put here to do something amazing. So do it step into it. You're worthy of it
 You're ready for it. You just got to step up to play and take it. So help the helps
 Thanks. Yes for listening. Thank you Brooke for your feedback and your ideas. She's an amazing person
 You know, if you don't she's got a really good podcast. It's really good. So go listen to her podcast as well
 Alright, thank you everybody. Appreciate you
 For listening and we'll talk to you as well soon. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost twenty thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter.com. Not only you can get the twenty thousand dollar gift
 You also can give a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand-delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me to get this gift and
 Your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
