 What's up everybody this Russell welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast we got some more Q&As from the econ versus experts Smackdown
 You guys have really been enjoying these I've got a lot of really good feedback
 So we got a couple more before the series is over, but this next one is a really good question
 Is my value ladder backward some people come in this world and start with high ticket set
 I high ticket coaching is something really expensive and then we dock on secrets to freak out because like I don't have value ladder
 I've nothing on the front end of the bed, you know and
 It's interesting because for me the value ladder is like my business model. I here's the plan
 Here's where I'm going like eventually I'm gonna bring people in and move them through this whole thing
 But the the fear I've always had teaching the value letters one of two things happen
 Number one is that people try to build everything on the value ladder before they launch their business
 And that's not the plan right that's number one is they're trying to like everything done before they get started
 And then the second problem people have is like they think that okay
 That means I have to the bottom the value ladder and for me the bottom bottom my value ladder is what are my books now?
 All things I've ever created the thing that's the hardest and takes the most time and energy and effort are my books
 Yet there are things that cost the least amount of money
 And so I spent three years writing a book try to launch it make no money at all or you can start higher at the value
 I'd most people I recommend starting
 In the middle of value ladder or the back of the value ladder
 You know some people I say we should start with a webinar or we should start with a high ticket thing or something because
 Usually it's easier to do that make more money and then as you start scaling
 That's we start moving down the value ladder to to go to colder and colder audiences. So anyway, I talk about that another stuff in this
 This question and I think it'd be helpful for any of you guys who are wondering about that
 We went off on a couple other tendons fun fun directions and things
 But I think you'll enjoy this one
 Especially for those who are wondering like where do I start like how do I need it like do I need to value out?
 Are I gonna create one where like where does this fit like God?
 What do I do first and second and third so I hope this episode is great for you
 We're gonna keep the theme song and we come back we dive into is my value ladder backwards
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Next question from Lee saan mullings hope I pronounced her name right
 She says I feel I built my business backwards when it comes to the value ladder
 It starts with a high ticket coaching. I have courses and other products, etc
 What's the best vehicle slash approach to get these out in the ClickFunnels world very cool great to meet you
 How you doing?
 Yeah, so one thing actually I want to
 So this is like the pros and cons of the dot-com seekers book like I teach people this concept of the value ladder
 And a couple things usually happen one is that people go in to try to build every single tier of the value ladder before you launch their business
 Which is like no like the value ladder like your business plan where we're going and the second thing is people always think you have to start at the very
 Bottom tier of the value ladder
 For me the bottom tier of the value ladder is my books my books of all things I've ever created been the hardest to create
 So I'm just started with the book it would have taken me ten years before I had sold anything
 Eileen Wilder spoke of funnel hacking live and she's like she said basically she did backwards like I started the high ticket
 I made much better of high ticket and from there
 I was able to invest in the lower ticket and moving moving things down
 And I actually do think for most people I coach that is a better strategy is to start with the high ticket
 Because you're able to get more money or it's easier to break even on ad spend and things like that
 In Eileen's presentation of fun locking lives. She actually shared
 Elon Musk business model she's gonna Elon Musk first launched the Tesla
 He launched like the thirty thousand dollar Tesla and then move up to the 80 and then the first thing launched was like the
 $200,000 pimped out super expensive like awesome Tesla
 And he did that launched out there got all the cash then from there
 Is able to create the next tier and the next tier and the next tier
 But he led with high ticket as well
 And so I actually a big proponent of especially in the extra business to lead with high tickets either webinar or high ticket
 Sales because it's the fastest way to get money and then from there you can reinvest and build the lower ticket funnels
 Does that help a little bit? Yeah, that's really helpful Russell because to be honest with you. I have really drive in
 high ticket coaching practice and I'm really
 burnt out and
 I'm passionate about and I do I'm like I'm the best king in the whole world and
 To be honest with you when I started pivoting I
 I found click funnels and I all you know one of my dreams was to
 Say thank you to you in person
 Like you're looking at someone who I called my son in a college class to ask him
 How to get my iPod to work a few years ago?
 Now I build funnels. I love building them. They like like my magic chal is so happy
 I don't have to call anyone when I have an idea
 Midnight and so you like you really saved my life. I just really want to
 I say that to you and my fun my son. He's like 23 now and he's so tickled that I'm like a fun
 I had heard he thinks he's like who is this Russell Bronson guy?
 Like to get his mom to like be happy just sitting there making funnels and changing my stuff
 He's he's like things you're like
 So my very first funnel that I built
 - about three months ago I
 Run like a three-day challenge with it $37. I did the order bump
 And I made a little under a thousand dollars on that funnel
 Which was great for me because typically I teach them for free and I never make any money and my offer is screwed up because I
 Don't know how to sell group programs. So I
 Guess I have a lot of assets. I have a lot of creatives, right? I
 You know, I've done this for so long now that I've always worked with these frameworks
 But I call them roadmaps. I call they're actually signature collection of roadmaps and often so for me
 It's really trying to understand
 How to scale down
 As far as the latter in order to leverage and I'm not quite sure
 Because right now you do that
 Right
 Right now all your coaches one-on-one right now, right? That's the all my coaching is one-on-one and they're under like successful
 women entrepreneurs for I call it, you know, you how you say in your books and I have them there right here
 That you teach people how to make their funnels work. Mm-hmm. I teach people how to make their life work
 That's awesome
 And I don't you know the people who positive thinking this fail them
 They can't break through mindset stuff on their own because they're all these deep core wounded
 So I'm like the wool person and I'm a healer a shaman a spiritual code
 And I go deep and find what's blocking them not just defervel us. Oh, just break through your limitations
 so I really thrive in
 Practice that way for like 20 years, but I'm really burnt out and I really am called to have my
 Things go out to more more people
 I'm in a bigger way and I'm my guides the father God has shared with me that
 These pathways that I've built to frameworks right for years
 Are meant to serve in a bigger way, so I just really am so
 So stop as far as we're to start well one thing as a as a funnel hacker
 You should be able to watch like
 Hopefully even paying attention what we would like if you've noticed to come up with a nice coaching program is a group coaching program
 There was a time when Alice and ran a circle
 I was the only one doing all the coaching one-on-one by myself and same thing I got the point
 I was like I can't well this is getting too heavy
 So we launched to comic of X program
 But what we did if you look strategically I was like who people I've served that had success
 Allison was one of them a lot of the other coaches like the people that that are the coaches and the mentors in our groups of people
 Who I've had a chance to work with who understand my systems and my processes right and now the group coaching works
 Where I can come in and you know, Alice and I could do group coaching like this
 But then our coaches and the teachers age who are able to go deep specifically with somebody and go deeper one-on-one with their
 They're core issues and things right and they get stuck
 They come back to us and we can help them get through it
 But but that way it takes some of the the one-on-one pressure off of your shoulders
 So I'd be curious to the 20 years doing it
 I'm sure that you've helped a lot of people who are fascinated by this process and like have probably tried to learn this stuff like
 Imagine if you took a group of four five of them and certified them or trained them to work underneath you to to do your
 Your processes on somebody else, right?
 Yeah, they could they could do a certain level of my roadmaps
 Because that you know, this is chemical this signature system that I work with has these different pillars and then that first pillar is breaking through awareness
 It's like elevating awareness, you know, the clarity blockers and on and on and on so yeah, they could do that
 But like the other pieces
 Really requires that your shaman and your healer and your multi-dimensional child
 So it takes me into those places that
 So that's the same thing for me. So look at my program, right?
 2 comic club X. This is where
 Alice and I are in group and we have coaches and mentors that walk here think and they get people to certain level
 My goal in that program is get people to 2 comic club when they get the 2 comic club
 Then they graduate and they have a chance to be invited in my inner circle
 My inner circle is also a group program, right? That's the first year of the circle
 And then in the side that group after past ten million dollars and sells then they come up to my inner to the call the category
 Kings and there's me one-on-one with them
 And so like they work up towards me so they get the first level of stuff right you get the first set of skill sets
 We guys get to comic club boom make a major circle now. We're in a smaller group, right?
 I'm still facilitating this in a smaller group having different conversations that are because you've already solved other
 Conversations like what am I selling how am I selling it right? That's figured out to you comic book bags now?
 It's like hey now I've got a business. How do I scale how do I hire teams? How do I get employees?
 How do I figure out my operating procedures like all the stuff that people need from a million to ten million that happens in your
 Circle and then category Kings is like I'm trying to change the world
 How do we do that and now I'm one-on-one with that?
 It's just it's me and them and nobody else because that's where I touch it, right?
 So if you it's looking at something like what are the level like what's the levels?
 How does it work and people you know Dan Kennedy used to tell me this all time
 He's like you had to look at yourself
 I you're the guru on the mountain and people are trying to come to you
 But what are the things that can happen to this step and each step is they as they get higher in the mountain or higher up the value ladder
 And they get more and more access to you, right?
 Okay, so that's what that is so helpful. Yeah, so we're
 So within the click funnel community
 As far as training and where to where would be is this a program band that I would
 come into to get say my trainings out as
 Home study courses because you know, I have so many of those written and
 Based on the work I've done for 20 years and I know these systems work
 I said for you there's two things number one by you coming into comic book X program
 You have a chance to see where you're trying to model you're gonna see okay. Here's how Russell structured the thing and in fact
 I had
 Darrell Eve signed up for our inner circle be $50,000 and he came the first time
 I'm like I'm only here because I have my own coaching program trying to figure out how you run yours
 It's so efficient and so he came in just to model it so like part of for you is like coming into model
 Like how to Russell structures how the moment to coaches how the performance like look at the structure because this is something we just made up
 This is your 20 years of trial air back and forth and also Allison brought to like to make it
 Where's the process that we can systematically start pumping out to comical winners?
 Because we know like the process looking at that and how do you model that for what you're doing and then the second area
 Yes on the expert track
 We go into building home study courses and trainings and coaching like all those kind of things
 And so you also get the actual like helping you take the things in your head and developing them into into the products
 The courses that all the things you need to for the programs as well
 That was so much fun. How are you feeling? You feel good?
 I really feel good about this and I do have physical products too, but
 Let's do this first and we'll do physical labor
 Yeah, the expert is my is my heart so I
 The products are great, but that's like I baby steps in
 Love it. Love it. Yeah. So great to be you excited for you. This is awesome
 Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I want to be a full two days
 She's awesome
 And okay one thing that I've done over the last five years. I know everybody says do it Russell says
 I also do it Russell does
 Right. I'm watching the magician
 Not just do the trick, but I'm watching his hands
 What's he doing? How's he doing this? How's he setting up this? How's he not
 In a closet eating milk does and hiding trying every day
 So I do I watch what he does and why I joined the inner circle
 Honestly, because I was like how did he do that when I'm listening to him up on stage?
 I'm like how did he do that?
 And and how did he break that down? And how do you get me to say here take my money?
 Um, I you saw I was a coupon
 fanatic and I
 For me pulling out that money to say here's $25,000. I was like I need to learn that skill
 I need to be closer to him and I've got to figure this out
 And so watch the magician's hands watch what we do
 And I don't still write is don't like copy and paste or copy it. We've had that happen all
 Yeah, just model it just model it. Let us be your inspiration to it
 This is pop my head so i'm gonna share but um the very first photo hacking I've ever in vegas was a 2015
 First FHL ever, uh, we had 600 people in the audience as I was like, I can't believe 600 people are coming to hear us talk about funnels for crying out loud
 It was amazing, but I remember two my friends
 They weren't my friends the time I didn't know but they came just in terra williams and they came and they're like kind of fun
 I kind of like we know Russell's gonna try to sell something we can't do it
 So like they literally like put their wallets in the hotel room and like we're not bringing our wallets down because we want anything
 Like Russell's not gonna sell stuff and so they did that they came down and sure enough after day two
 We made a presentation we made an offer and they're like, uh, oh can go up to the hotel
 So Justin ran up grab the car. He came down spent $25,000 enjoying the program
 And I remember the very first meeting we had with him and his wife and they're like
 Some of my to this day is some of my favorite people I've ever met
 Um, and they're sitting in a room and they're like they had a business teaching people real estate
 They're like, uh, like they're struggling. They're frustrated like they tried this and this nothing's really working
 It's some success nothing like exciting and I was like, you know what you guys should do is you should launch a $25,000 coaching program
 And they're like that they people are not gonna pay $25,000 to come and learn from us
 And I was like you literally paid $25,000 to learn funnels from someone who looks like me
 I was like 11 years old and they're like that's true
 I said the fact that you spent $25,000 now you have permission to ask other people for $25,000
 They're like, you're right. I said, okay, wrote guess what you're doing tonight
 They're like what my you're gonna email your list and wasn't a very big list
 I'm like and you're gonna tell them you're launching a $25,000 coaching program and you can see how people say yes
 And they're like, like all the nerds and the fear and everything. I'm like tomorrow morning
 We're holding you accountable and they're like, okay, so that night they went to the hotel room
 They freaked out for like two hours. They finally asked I did a rustle said send email to the list
 And they didn't do a sales call or phone or a stack or an event or anything
 They just said hey list we're gonna do this program and uh next morning they came back
 And they're like you have no idea what's happened
 They say we had I think it was 14 or 15 people just sent us $25,000 over the night
 I said that was one thing just like to get you outside your comfort zone
 But like it 15x's payment in the first day, okay?
 And the reason why is because they started thinking bigger, right?
 When Dean Dean Groszio C came out Dean Groszio's and Joe Paul just came out with a hundred thousand dollar mastermind group
 And uh, Dean
 I was this the event where they're gonna sell it and it's night before he was like
 Hey, we're thinking about launching this hundred thousand dollar group
 What do you think?
 And I literally pulled out my credit card so I'm in
 He's like what am I coming?
 I want to be the very first person
 He's like you seriously like run my card right now
 So we went and ran my card and put it back in and uh later he asked me
 It's like why did you like I didn't pitch you anything
 It's like I said because someday I want to launch a hundred thousand dollar mastermind group
 And I can't
 In like I can't charge some of a hundred thousand dollars if I've never invested that in myself
 Like how can I have been congruent that in any way any stretch of the imagination?
 And then this year some of you guys know I launched the category Kings
 Which was a hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year to be part of this group
 And I was so scared I freaked out
 I sent an email to 200 people who I thought would be qualified
 And there were only 15 spots and 15 spots were gone in 24 hours
 And if I had not invested that stuff myself
 I would not have had the guts to ask them else and invest it in them either
 And so this is a big part of it
 Well, especially on the expert side as you guys are trying to become experts and lead things like
 You want to get people to invest money in you
 If you're not investing in yourself, there's no way it's gonna happen
 Okay, myron golden said this best he says you don't
 Attract who you want you attract who you are
 Which is really interesting because I want people to invest buyers the highest ticket
 That it is I didn't know
 Like you're gonna not gonna attract who you want you can attract who you are
 That's one of the most fascinating things about the funnel hacker community
 People always come like how did you build this community?
 I'm like because people are attracted to us right
 So that you attract people are similar to you
 Right, so if you're a good person you're gonna get people to come to you
 If you're like a sleazy sales person you have sleazy sales people are gonna show up
 Right, so you attract not who you want but who you are
 So who are you the kind of person to invest in yourself
 So you're gonna attract people to invest themselves
 If not it's gonna be hard
 And so just putting that out there as well to think through
 Because half of this is investing yourself half it's modeling half
 It's looking these things but all the pieces together is what creates this
 Amazing environment and community that gives you the success you need
 So I'm all in dot com
 Can we have like a mic drop
 That was so good. Did you guys just have so many aha's there?
 Oh, that was this is why we want to be around Russell
 This is why we want to be in this group
 Is feel they break through and say
 Oh, that's right. I can't invest in me because if I'm not willing to invest in me
 Who else is going to be?
 And I just love how you brought that up
 Absolutely, absolutely and does it the cart close soon?
 Yes, so we are actually
 So Allison and I have another
 37 minutes that we are doing
 Hot seats and then I've got a race to my kids wrestling match tonight
 So I'm out of here and we have a 30 minute countdown clock when it ends and so that means
 Was it almost
 Don't swim so basically one o'clock
 Mountain times with three east coast I think is is when the cart closes because we have to get everything set up because Monday the program starts
 And so you guys have less than an hour about action now
 We're in six minutes and 39 seconds to make your final decision if you in or not and I hope you guys come in
 I know that it's a scary thing
 But we're here to catch you and to take you and to guide you and like we said before if you come in you're like
 Oh, it's not fit for me like we don't need your money
 We'll give it back
 But if you take that that fate that sleep of faith and I know it's scary and nervous all those kind of things
 Um, just know that this is not our first rodeo
 We've done this for a long time and you're you're in a spot that's safe with other people who are like you who think like you
 Who dream like you even this hard because the people in your existing world are like you're crazy
 Hopefully it's comforting to know that all the people my existing world my start I thought I was crazy
 When I wrote down kenny checked for 18 000 to go fly to baltimore three times year to not hang out down kenny
 All my friends thought I was insane my wife. I didn't actually tell her because she would have thought I was insane
 I didn't want her to leave me. Um, I've had counseling sense then to understand how marriage is supposed to work
 So now she would have known a head time
 She didn't I was too scared to tell it's like get it. I understand those fears
 But man that leap of faith it's like just feel like it's like stepping in the darkness, right?
 And like there's fog and darkness. I don't see anything like I think there's something there
 But like you take that step of faith as soon as you get there cool like the way it's lighted a little further
 Oh, there's like there and you take next step leap of faith and like it gets a little further
 And you don't know where you're going today to keep going and eventually like oh my gosh
 I made it like oh there's the path like I hadn't seen the path but russell house and a bed on the path
 They told me the path was there and they're sure enough the path was there it wasn't that bad
 And so I just recommend you guys like take a leap of faith you've been here for two days
 You obviously are looking for something you feel called you feel that that feeling
 Um and maybe you're nervous I get it
 Um, but man, I just want to know we're here to capture you and to catch you and to take you on this journey
 Because it's it's a it's a life-changing journey life will never be the same
 Absolutely. Absolutely. Christopher just joined Christopher. I'm so excited for you. Welcome Christopher
 I wonder if which track is going on. Oh christopher expert. Come on. Like his way. It's calm
 Oh man. Hey, Brad. What's up next? Okay. Well, I this has been freaking amazing
 I've got so we have two questions a couple things two questions, but I think russell
 I just wanted to highlight something you mentioned the access right you talked about stepping up in the mountain and getting greater access
 And something that I think I want everybody who's listening to know is you know
 Not only great community not only amazing coaches obviously with you two and our performance coaches and momentum coaches and all the other things
 But we've got live event access as well like you'll never have an experience where you're snorkeling you look over
 There's alice and rustle like snorkeling with you, right? We've done that we've done the cruises. We've done cruises
 This year this year we're in like a month and a half six weeks. We're headed to Mexico
 And so two c cx members are invited to attend those events unlock the secrets, which is a family event
 Will be in phoenix in june, which is amazing. And of course fun hacking live
 You get early access you kind of fun hacking live you get in the room
 For you the best seats in the house before everybody else and on top of that right there
 And on top of that last year at orland where we rented out harry potterland and all two cx members came to that which was
 Hardworks. Yeah, we ran out hard words
 So we had the whole park to ourselves all my long ride run rides or drink butter beer was insane
 And that was just the two cxers and you hung out with my wife my kids and us like it's just
 Yeah, it's you different level access to you hang out and it's just it's it's special. It's really fun
 And Hogwarts was so cool. It it was unbelievable. I remember coming up to you after and i'm like
 Russell, you know, you don't have to do this. He's like, but I can
 And I love how we
 Spoil all the people in his community
 It's it's really inspirational to see and I actually think like the whole thing do it. Russell does I think it's the ripple effect, right?
 We want you to spoil your customers. We want you to give them the best of the best out there
 And who do we learn it from we learn it from what Russell does, right?
 Um, and then like when I was shipping e-commerce, I always wanted to make my packages feel like they came from a best friend
 and so I packaged a little bit differently and
 It was just we just build these relationships because we know about humans
 And we understand how they work and we want you guys out there serving the world
 It's making a difference
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you. Also, Dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsletter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your millbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsletter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
