 Hey, what's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I am in the studio right now for day
 six of
 Reading all the audiobooks. So as my faithful podcast audio listeners
 If you don't download an audio copy of all these books that all my work here for the last six days has been in vain
 Anyway, welcome to podcast and I got some cool share to you when we come back
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody so man, I wish I could spend like four hours telling you as all the craziness has happened since we last hung out
 But I can't because right now I have to get back down to finish recording the book and I had a short little break now
 I just wanted to
 Shoot a quick episode, but basically
 The last episode you guys got was from Arizona at Tony and Dean the mastermind at comm launch and I had my brother rip the
 My presentation at the end I've already got a lot of good feedback from you guys about that
 Hopefully enjoyed that but what's crazy is that night after we got down to Tony and Dean and Jenna
 We jump back in a plane flew home and got home just in time to pass out for like three hours
 Then wake up and it was Nora's birthday, which was so awesome celebrated birthday
 Play it through all day got some work done and then the next day or that night
 Sorry, it was that night that night jumped to another plane and flew out to
 The LA for Tony Robbins birthday party, which was cool. It was his 60th birthday party
 And it was like seriously one of the cool things. There was basically
 I think like eight different concerts like with the Etheridge and
 the dude that one Maris Maris got talent and
 Pitbull and Andy grammar who I seriously like think the medium should become best friends
 He seems like the kind of guy I went hang out with and much of other anyway
 It was amazing and and then they raised money for you are and raised over 18 million dollars for operation underground railroad
 Which was crazy Paris Hilton said X to us, which was like come on now Paris Hilton. That was amazing. So
 Anyway, it was the whole event was was awesome
 But and then we flew back the next day and now I'm back here in studio
 Yesterday actually had fun time to work on the traffic seekers book funnel, which was a lot of fun
 But anyway, what I'm sure the yesterday
 Because so many of you guys go out there and you launch a funnel and then it doesn't work
 It doesn't work the way you expect it and then you get angry or upset or you give up or you walk away or whatever
 And I want to tell you guys behind the scenes because a lot of people don't know this is happening
 But I have a I'm privy to do what's happening in everybody's funnels all the time
 but
 You know last last year when we did the mastermind calm launch
 It was the biggest launch in internet marketing history, which is crazy this year
 I think we had the 250,000 people registered for the for the webinar
 Last year this year we had 460,000 people so obviously our hopes are high. It's like this is gonna be amazing
 But it's also the fear of like how do you you know how to get lightning to strike twice at the same time?
 You know two years in a row after it works so good the year before and so there's a lot of fear and anxiety and there are a lot of
 Moving pieces that made this launch different and difficult but launch happened and I'm not gonna boo-hoo because
 Like seriously the first lesson week is already over eight figures. So it's it's crazy still probably the second biggest launch of all time
 but same time like launch happened and
 I had a chance kind of watch as Dean and his team have been working on things and again where most people would go and say
 Oh like you didn't you know soon good. We're happy
 Dean has been stressing out like like what was wrong?
 Why isn't messaging doing as well? What would we need different? What are the hooks? What are the angles?
 What are the feedback and obsessing over everything? I can see them in the comment section of the customers
 reading every single comment the the ones from the live webinars reading them all trying to figure out and trying to tweak the message and change the message and
 Tonight he's actually going live again based on all this data
 I'll just feedback on his intel and going back and doing a whole new presentation with the tweaks or the changes and he's
 Adjusting his Justin emails adjusting the affiliate emails adjusting his own emails like tweaking changing tweaking changing all in real time
 It's just happening really really fast and I think a lot of times the outside we think oh these people have been doing this for a long
 Time they know what they're doing and they just put it out there and just works
 But I think what you guys don't understand is the people that have been doing this a long time they understand the fun a lot of
 People understand like look it's not going to work the first time it's it's a constant evolution and change and tweaking and changing and changing and tweaking and getting it
 Until it's until it's perfect like that. Well, so that's what makes them great
 It's not that they know how to do it perfectly. It's that they know how to iterate quickly
 And so for you guys who are listening to this
 I want you to start learning that skill and start becoming okay with it
 Don't stress out like oh my launches as good as I want or I'm driving traffic and Facebook
 It's not converting well or whatever. It's like no, that's that's the the game
 Like the people who are best of the game aren't better at it than you
 They just are better iterating quickly and changing and tweaking looking at feedback from customers and from comments and from what things are saying and figure
 How do I tweak this message? How do I change it?
 Do I need to rerecord new webinar? Do I need you do new emails or the ads need to change or any more ads less ads?
 That's the difference between being good and being great and so anyway
 I just want to kind of share that behind the scenes with you because most of you guys will ever see behind the scenes
 And so this will hopefully give you a glimpse of the wake what it really really looks like
 It's funny. I was talking to Dean
 And two weeks ago we were flying out somewhere and we were talking about when he wrote the millionaire
 Millionaire success habits book and it took him almost two years before the book started selling
 Two years most people would have given up after like a week or two
 It's taking two years of trying and testing and trying and testing and trying and he's like literally two years into it
 he'd record some ad on his phone that had a different message and
 Soon that one hit they sold a thousand books that day. It's like oh my gosh
 That's the message people needed like now makes sense
 And then it was like you know it's on like Donkey Kong and then over the next three years
 They sold 500,000 copies of the book because they knew the message they figured it out by doing the process
 So anyway, that's how the that's how the masters do it. It's how the experts do it you guys
 It's not by being better upfront despite iterating quickly and becoming okay with that and enjoying it having fun with the process
 So anyway, with that said appreciate you guys
 I can get back in the booth and record the rest of the expert secrets book make sure you get the audio books when they are done
 Otherwise, this work was all in vain. Thanks. You guys appreciate you and we'll talk to you. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside a ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job
 So you guys are one funnel way from getting more impact some of you as are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business
 This challenge is going to help you to help you understand the strategy help you understand the tactics
 Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side
 Yo go online and go to one funnel away calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
