 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to marketing secrets podcast
 Is late night and walking some out to the garbage?
 through raining a little bit out here and I just want to share something with you guys that
 Probably doesn't seem like has a lot to do with marketing
 But it has everything to do with you being successful with your marketing and your business
 So that's how this cute the theme song and then we'll come back and have some fun
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so
 It's a beautiful matter now about walking a great day at the kids today church was amazing just some of the good things and
 about to get back into
 The next phase of world domination where like a week and a half away from the 10x event where my goals
 I sell ten million dollars in the weekend
 It just sounds goofy even saying that and then a month later you got fun hacking lives. So a lot of work to do
 But just super grateful for the opportunities and all the fun stuff is happening
 it's interesting
 they're
 Kind of the what I want to talk to you is about is a concept that again
 You're gonna think like marketing or business related, but I'm gonna show you how vital is to your success
 and that is the concept of forgiveness and
 It's interesting
 And probably six or seven years ago now
 I was involved in
 In a startup that we were trying to launch and we all had big dreams and aspirations for this thing
 Some you probably remember it. It's called rippling in fact you go back to the beginning of this podcast
 There was a time when I was talking about rippling all the time
 It was one of the things and I thought it was gonna be huge. I thought it was gonna be our big payday like the
 You know all the things I've been doing for decades prior led to like that moment and we built a dream team
 we thought it was gonna be the thing and we launched it and
 I felt like I executed on my parts really really well
 We didn't get any 1.5 1.6 million people of the time during pre-launch before online and then
 and then
 you know
 it's supposed to be the girl out and money will start flowing and and the roll up they missed this launch date and
 Missed another date and it missed five or six dates and by the time it did launch eight or nine months later
 We lost all the energy and momentum and it fizzled away
 I think I think my check was like 30 30 or 40 bucks when I was done. It was like six months of my life
 I'd spent on it for 30 bucks
 You know and in the process
 I'd use all my favors up and you know getting people to promote things and and just all sorts of stuff and
 So what's done? It's like oh?
 I kicked to the kick to the
 What's the with the G rated kick to the gut and just like oh I don't I don't how do we
 how to survive from this and
 My one of the partners in it the guy who kind of started was a guy named Brian Underwood and
 You know after that Brian coming his way I went my way and there are other people involved as well
 And I think there's there was a core man of core management team at a corner like marketing team of dudes who got together to launch this thing together
 Right so after that that that kind of crushed every one throwing ways
 and we just kind of went on our own things and
 And then fast forward now
 Was it five six years later and if any of you guys watched fun lacquer TV
 You probably saw the episode with me and Brian Underwood on his private plane him and his new company owned for
 the launch company called prove it which became the category king of kutu ketones and
 You know last year they did I don't know exact numbers
 But it was close to half a billion dollars in sales and I've been a little over that
 And this is you know four years into the company click funnels last year
 We passed a hundred million dollars in sales. So I was like I did really good. I talked to Brian
 I'm like oh we did one in the fifth of years, but I'm like but my profit margins are higher
 Anyways, always the battle, but you know both of us are doing well and successful and and just kind of you know
 it is what it is and
 And I didn't think too much about it. You know, I never you know
 I was I was obviously frustrating with the situation, but I didn't blame him or anybody
 I just kind of like uh whatever and went on you know bill click funnels luckily like the next thing happened and
 I watched some of the other people who were involved in that project went out and just started doing different things and
 the different varying levels of success and what's interesting is I
 Can't tell the details right now. We're in
 Talks of an acquisition with a really big company and we're excited about and Brian made potential to be part of that and
 I wasn't I wasn't there for this conversation, but
 Dave Woodward on our team. He was talking to Brian and all sorts of stuff and and we're trying to bring Brian in on the deal and
 Brian told Dave's you know one of the cool things about
 Russell is like when the whole rippling thing went under he never blamed me. He was never angry
 He's like by the way, I got a phone call from one of the guys the other day
 I don't mention his name, but one of the people that were one of the main guys that were
 Part of the whole launch with us. They said that that guy
 You know text like I need talk to you like I'm about to jump on a plane
 I gotta talk right now. We have to talk and you know, I guess is this is like five years six years almost five
 I six years later after rippling went down. So Brian jumped on the phone right quick and got started talking and said hey
 I I just need to forgive you. He's like what he's like I have to forgive you like I've been holding
 I'm an angry at you for the last five or six years and and
 the more success you have more anger I get and just I
 I'm just frustrated angry upset and and I have to forgive you because I can't move on in my life
 I can't I've been trying and I can't and all the business eventually I do have I can't get past it because I have so much
 I'm so angry at you and I need to forgive you and and I just need to forgive you like so I'm sorry, you know
 So or whatever and kind of forgive them. I wasn't there
 I don't know the exact conversation, but that was kind of the gist of it and so Brian told Dave like man
 I'm so you know Russell Russell didn't hold the grudge
 Moved on and built this usually called click funnels and you know and he was grateful that I'd never had kind of blamed him or or
 or held that against him and
 Another person who had had been and then literally like held back like stuck for the last
 Five or six years of their their career and now was finally asking for forgiveness and hoping that by doing that would you know
 Give them the ability to continue to start moving forward again
 It's crazy how
 How forgiveness when you forgive somebody it gives you put you back into momentum gets you moving forward when you don't it keeps you back
 Anyway, there's one of the just amazing thing I want to share so
 As I started thinking about this tonight
 Before I started corn's podcast. I remembered at my last set of inner circle meetings
 One of the one of the people that was there one of the most fascinating
 People I've I've met like bar none on the surface. I'm just so impressed with so
 Grateful to have a chance to get to know him and to meet him and his name is Chris works
 And he has no Chris he he runs a blog called crispy cancer calm
 He has a new book that came out recently that everybody should read called crispy cancer go to Amazon
 You'll get it
 And even if you don't have cancer like if you if you don't have cancer now
 either someone you love or yourself someday gonna have it probably and I went through his entire
 Course and book just understand like when I meet no I have people around me the cancer
 What do I do if my kids ever get my wife gets my parents get it if I get it like what?
 You know a lot of times we worry about cancer when it's too late
 Or to you know far down the road and I was like I want to I'd rather like understand it now and figure out
 how to how to prevent things as opposed to trying to figure out the cure after and
 Anyway
 If you if you read his book or go just as he's amazing like just go and give him money because
 Like it'll be so good for you and from now and in the future anyway, I digress so Chris is a 15 year cancer survivor
 And his journey of sharing what he's learned. He's helped save thousands of other people and
 Anyway, he was at our meeting and
 You know the very first thing he talked about he has one all like how to not get cancer
 Like of course, please tell us what you've learned last 15 years and I'm not gonna go deep into it
 You know, but one but he talked about you know
 To how to change your diet how to exercise and things like that. They're really powerful things
 You'll read about in the book the one thing he talked about which is kind of towards the end
 He's threw it in and like it was amazing when emotional impacted on me on the people in the room
 in fact
 At the end of the mastermind which is the marketing meeting how do you grow your companies?
 How do you impact more people?
 We always do this thing at the end where everyone gives their biggest takeaway and like half their biggest takeaway was this piece from Chris
 About forgiveness and it was so powerful and so amazing
 And so I wanted to share with you guys
 Because I think that it's it could be potentially what's holding some of you back
 and
 I think that while it doesn't seem like a marketing thing is probably one of the most important things
 I look at my friend now who's spent five and a half six years
 Holding a grudge and it kept him from moving forward impacting the people he's been called to serve because of that, right?
 And I it hurts me to know that man
 There's people that you could be touching and changing and affecting but you might not be because
 Because of this and so I'm hoping this podcast will
 We'll get you in the right state. I hope that Chris's message here. We'll we'll have a huge impact on you
 So with that so I'm gonna just cut to that clip from the from the meeting where Chris is talking about about forgiveness
 The big big thing you can do one of the best gifts you can give yourself in terms of stress reduction
 When I turn this way I get really loud
 Is forgiveness
 Okay forgiveness
 Forgiveness will heal your heart your emotions
 It will reduce your stress and there's two things that you need to understand about forgiveness one is it's not a feeling
 It's not a feeling it's a choice
 People will lie to you. They'll cheat you
 They will you know take your passport and your credit card information and run off and you know into Asia to everybody found again
 People will hurt your feelings. They will lie to you. They will use you. Okay, it's gonna happen and it has happened to many people in this room and
 If you don't forgive them you're you're basically carrying that poison around and that it's slowly poisoning you and it will produce a sick body
 right a sick heart will produce a sick body and
 The only way to heal your heart is forgiveness and a lot of us are
 self-medicating
 Because we're carrying pain and we haven't forgiven someone who's hurt us in life
 Okay, so when I say stress leads to most disease is because that bitterness that resentment that unforgiveness makes us unhappy
 What do we do to compensate for that? We drink we do drugs. We become workaholics. We become sex addicts
 We become
 Either pharmaceutical or legal drug addicts right all of those habits destroy your health
 So I just want to encourage everybody here today like some of you are probably thinking about somebody in your life right now
 That you're still kind of pissed at right
 That's hurt you and so I just want to encourage you to just give them to God just be like you know what?
 I'm choosing to forgive them. I don't feel like it. I'm still mad, but I'm making this decision
 They're all yours
 Right letting it go. They're all yours
 You can deal with them. I'm not gonna hold it against them anymore, right? That's what forgiveness is. It's a choice
 It's not a feeling, but what happens is when you make the choice your feelings change
 That's when God heals your heart
 Right so forgiveness is so huge. It's so huge. It won't make you any money
 But it will heal your heart and help you for help you stay in a state of wellness
 Just super important
 Okay, so like just whoever it is and so what I did in the cancer process is full circle as I was learning this and I realized
 Whoa like stress and bitterness and unforgiveness is a root cause of cancer
 I was like I gotta forgive everybody who's ever hurt me
 So I just made a decision to just go through my life and think through my life and every time I would get in a quiet place or in prayer or
 Meditation and I would just I would just dig up all of the people in my life that hurt me
 right and one by one I just forgive them by name give them to God and
 Just pray the way I just said like they're all yours. I'm not gonna hold against anymore. I'm making this decision for life. I
 Forgive them and then I would say I'm asking you to bless them, too
 When you ask God to bless people to who've hurt you something really happens in your heart, right?
 It's that changes that changes everything and he knows you don't want him to
 Right, he knows you want like the lightning bolt
 Right, he knows it, but he'll honor the request like when you're like God
 I don't want you I don't want them to be blessed, but I'm asking you to bless them anyway
 like that's a very powerful thing you can do so forgive and pray for your enemies and
 Hey, that's what Jesus said. So, you know, I think he has a pretty good life advice
 Okay, so
 This stuff works I promise you it's so powerful
 I mean it changed my life. It really I see it changing people's lives
 I've left and right it's like the way it's lifted off of you when you forgive people and be quick to forgive
 That's the other one right because we're all gonna get screwed over in the future people are gonna let us down and salt this embarrasses
 Whatever like just be quick to forgive them. Just be like I'm letting it go. I'm not gonna hold on to it
 God bless them moving on right be quick to forgive
 Okay, I don't know about you, but it's not amazing
 anyway, I just
 once again Chris is one of the most amazing people and I highly recommend all you guys go buy the book and just read it
 For yourself read for love and one read it because it's it's worth it. It's worth understanding and anyway
 anyway, with that said I just wanted to
 come out tonight and record that from it to bed and hopefully it'll help some of you guys in your journey and
 It reminded me I'm gonna do what Chris said and I'm gonna get a list of people in my chart trying to
 Consciously do this more so in my own mics. I'm sure there's things that are holding me back as well
 With that said you guys appreciate you all have an amazing night
 You got any value from this episode do a couple things in one go buy Chris's book buy one for yourself
 I want for somebody love buy for your family your parents your kids like oh do that
 I don't get anything for it, but it's worth it and then number two if you do like this as well screenshot
 The podcast app you using right now and go and post it on Facebook or Instagram
 Tag me and then do hashtag marketing secrets. Let me see it. If that said I will talk to you all again soon
 Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (attendees applauding)
