 What's up everyone? This is Russell. Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. This is like bittersweet.
 This is the last of the four-part series with J Abraham.
 I hope you've enjoyed the first three episodes in the interview so far and this one
 We have a chance J asked me some more cool questions
 We talked about just a whole bunch of cool things in fact
 We had some of the guests from the audience ask questions this one questions about like how do we build our culture?
 How do we create an identity shift for people to follow?
 We talked about campaign slogans award shirts a lot of things from the from the expert secrets book talk about two comic-up award
 The two-hard award how to shift somebody identity and a whole bunch of other cool things
 So I hope you enjoy this is the exciting conclusion of my interview with J Abraham
 I hope you've enjoyed this series of so let me know we can do more like this or if you don't let me just come back to
 Talking to the microphone I can do that as well. Appreciate you guys thanks for listening and we'll see you guys on the next episode
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Yeah, what are the tragedies and I think a lot of people well, I think it's a tragedy
 A dual strategy of our time some of the most profound
 Universal thinkers that have formulated
 Ideology methodology
 Philosophy that are enduring they have to be modified in other words direct marketing is direct marketing
 But it has to be modified to online and has attention changes
 You know made more efficient, but a lot of the younger people don't seem to have any awareness of some of the most
 Profound thinkers and you know I'm of an era that you know
 It's like we're last last men are women standing sometimes and I find it fascinating
 I mean I've got clientele over the world and I don't do although maybe I should again information marketing very much
 I used to be very big in it, but I find it it's so fascinating that all these principles are translatable
 They're adaptable, but most people don't realize how profound
 knowledge from the past is because
 A lot of it just it just gets it just gets updated. It's very interesting. Yeah, so let's make part like I wanted
 And I know we've tried to do deals a million times that things worked out
 Yeah
 I feel like that's the one someday we're gonna figure out because I want to take your stuff and everybody's something like I want it
 Again, I think the biggest strategy is like I look this stuff changed my life like
 Drowned in a dramatic way and most people don't know about it. I want to put it in a way
 Where did you and I admire that about you? I think you've got nobility and nobody knows you spend millions of dollars
 Underwriting humanitarian things that have
 very very high value on on trying to protect innocent
 Children all over the world and you've funded
 Documentaries and you've given and raised millions of dollars and it's very admirable
 I want to respect your time and I'm enjoying it. I hope this interview has been fun
 You've given generously and you've been very responsive to
 Questions probably are a little different than most people. I hope asked I never want to ask the same questions
 Everybody does because it's boring and I don't think it I don't think it respects
 All that reside that that are stored waiting to be released in somebody's in a career and a life and in a you know in a
 You know in a you know in a
 You know in somebody's understanding in worldview and worldview is something I'm very fit for now
 I'm gonna tell you one thing just because you'll enjoy this and I think it has merit
 I sent Tony something a couple of weeks ago
 It's a new distinction that I'm working on and everybody knows what LTV stands for and and if the Japanese
 Don't means the lifetime value it can be
 defined as whatever the you know whatever a buyer is worth over a predictable period of time
 You know if they last three transactions, what is that cumulative worth to you?
 Not just in revenue, but in the lifetime value its profit represents if you add one more
 Transaction before to make it easier to get people in it changes everything because what you used to have to as as
 Russell's and what used to cost you now is all profit you had things
 But I was thinking about it the other day because I'm older and I met a different point in my life
 And I was thinking we don't think about what is our lifetime value Russell and everybody if we don't change
 The course of our life career
 Relationships help very interesting because you know, what are you gonna be what are you gonna make?
 What's it gonna be worth? What is the impact you're gonna make?
 What are your relationship gonna be? What's your longevity gonna be the quality and I'm working on that
 But I think it's a very provocative concept
 Yeah
 And nobody think that would be really cool. Yeah, I'm working with Tony
 We're gonna try to do something at its next
 Play I do that one thing with that we do the plaps and the and the and the lions every year
 And I said let's sort of develop this alright
 So we have about 10 minutes left is hero. Are you there?
 I don't see you, but it doesn't mean you're not there hero
 You must I'm here. I need to go get my water
 But I'm gonna let you ask questions and then I'll do a respectful gratitude
 Thank you at the end and let Russell go off to making more impact and serving more people and filling more needs and and
 challenging his intellect to
 Reach more people as he grows, but I'll be right back you ask questions if you like or you ask questions
 For the audience and I'll be right back
 Okay, I think I'm a little very much. Thank you very much. So hello
 I am Hido Ogawa and I have read
 And we publish all your three books here in Japan. Oh very cool
 Thank you. Thank you. It's been an honor. So I have a question for you
 so
 Russell you mentioned earlier
 That you are not a software company rather you are a movement creator
 so it's not about the product, but it's rather more about creating a culture and
 Creating movements or creating culture is there a certain thing you think is mandatory?
 That is essential to create a movement or culture. What is the key ingredient?
 What is the mandatory factor if there's anything that you like to share? That's a good question
 I would say
 There's a lot of like
 Tactics and techniques you can use to help to build a culture
 But I think the biggest overarching thing is you have to create something where people
 Self-identify with it like it has to become an identity shift for them, right? I think about
 For me like there's different businesses I tap into there's sports. I'm into there's things and like if I can say for me
 Like I'm a wrestler. I'm also a Mormon. I'm also a bio hacker. I'm also a marketer
 Like there's these I am statements like this is who I am like to really create a movement
 That's what you're trying to do is create something where like people feel like they self-identify
 This is part of what they are and so which is easier said than done
 like how do you how do you do that and I remember when I first had that conversation with Caleb Paul and
 who owned ladyboths her business the time was called tool time trainer and
 and because I was like who it was about her about her like that her last thing was tool her last time her
 Her maiden last name is tools for sites. I'm tool time trainer and
 And she was trying to create this this thing that nobody would engage with it because it was it was her and
 I think a lot of times as business owners and I'm not sure if you say them there's this here in America
 You know we all think that we're the greatest in the world
 So we always are like they want to name more businesses after ourselves and people are always talking about us and it's like no
 It's not about you. It's about them right like who they self-identify with and remember I told Kayla that
 At a master my meeting she was in and then they jumped in a plane and she was flying home and she's sitting there
 She's like I've had you know last five or six years building this brand and building this name
 It's naming you know same back to my dad who passed away and she had all this stuff and she said
 It's not about me. It's not about them. It's about them instead of I was them who would be each little there
 They're lady bosses. That's who they are like and so she she shifted this brand this
 This thing away from about her about her business like who are they and how do I how do I make it about them?
 And when she did that then she came back and she rolled out her manifesto
 And she don't she know the tactical things afterwards, but it was all about the shift where people could say I am a lady boss
 I am a funnel hacker. I am a bio hacker. I am a whatever your thing is like
 How do you create that thing where somebody could say that and they it's got to be simple up
 They put on a t-shirt like I am a funnel hacker. I am a lady boss
 I am a like what is your thing that your your community could tie themselves around right?
 And if you can simply you can break it down to this something that simple like that's the strategy
 You got to figure out and then like say if you read the expert secrets book
 There's a bunch of tactics on how to you know how to how to amplify that how to make the message bigger and all those kind of things
 But the core essence of it is like who can they identify with where they have this identity shift of like I'm I'm part of these people
 I want to be one of them and when you can make that transition like that's the that's the key to really creating a movement
 Inside of your business. That's what keeps people stuck there because now it's not just the software that uses it's part of their identity
 It's who they are and that's really the the big secret
 So basically the the not just the sellers identity or what you are but it's more like what kind of
 Identity the customer can relate with and it becomes part of their identity
 So as you mentioned like you know a one word or a few a phrase on a t-shirt something very simple
 But something that they can relate to and that can be part of their identity is that the set somewhat what you just mentioned
 Yes, perfectly you think about your your business every business gives a client a result, right?
 So for Kaitlyn it was it helps them helps her people lose weight for ours is helping to build a business
 So this identity is like a it's like a superhero cape
 So putting it on it's like this is my suit like my cape
 So I can go and achieve this this result that the thing is and so we start looking at your business less of as like
 Here's the product, but here's the result that this dream person's gonna get what's the cape
 What's the identity? I need to give them so they can believe that they can achieve that result through the business
 We have like that's the that's the key. Yep. You know that
 So basically you are and then so based on that
 You use different strategies and tactics
 I'm talking about that, right?
 Yep, so some examples of them that I talk about in the expert secrets book like
 one of them is
 Is I have my dream customers over here and then I'm gonna come and I got a campaign just like
 um, you know
 I'm not sure how the political system works with you guys but here
 You know we have politicians who will run for a party and they'll have a campaign slogan like this is who I am
 I come and vote for me
 And so same thing like I gotta you know, there's there's probably a dozen or a thousand people like me
 We're all competing for the attention of my dream customers. So like what's my campaign slogan?
 So for us it was like you're one funnel way. This is the slogan
 This is the mantra we have like come over here and this is the mantra that gets people to start moving towards us
 Right and then we get people awards like the two common club awards and things like that
 They get people to after they join us like they've got they've got a purpose
 Like what are they doing? What are they working towards?
 Like why are they putting in the time effort with you versus everybody else?
 Right, and so we're looking at um, you know all those kind of things we get people t-shirts and they sign up for click funnels
 When they hit different levels they get closed we do live events so they get together they get to network
 They get any part of it. Um, you know, these are all the things we're doing to try to create that community and connection
 so that um
 It lasts beyond just just the product just the thing that we're selling and gets deeper into like the identity and the
 The root thing that they're trying to uh to achieve in the identity that they need to have to be able to achieve that
 And if you study any of the good personal development books anything from Napoleon Hill and things like that
 Um any of the early, um authors, you know, they all talk about that like like the identity that we we have is going to direct to where we go
 If we have an identity that you know, we're dumb
 We're gonna be dumb and not that we are dumb
 But if we if we think in our subconscious mind like oh, i'm a dumb person
 In fact, I struggled with that and all through high school. I always thought I was dumb
 So because that I always struggled right it wasn't until
 Somewhere in my you know, when after I graduated college, I started my business at Austin. I was like, i'm not dumb
 I'm smart like I can figure things out and my identity shifted and then I was able to do all sorts of things
 But this identity people have like if they're coming let's just say, I can let's say your business is for weight loss
 If they haven't lost weight in the in the in the past
 They've got some they've got something in their identity. It's holding you back right like oh, i'm someone who starts diets and I fail
 I'm someone who's lazy. I'm someone who likes to eat food like they have these these things in their head
 These identities that are keeping them from success
 And so we got to come in there and create an identity. It's so powerful it shuts down all the rest of them and says no
 You're not that person anymore. This is who you are
 We shift that identity and all of a sudden now getting the result becomes really really easily and so really it's it's
 The psychology behind breaking these faults things that are holding people back so they can have success with the thing that you're selling
 And that's that's really the key
 To help your customers have success with whatever product or service you're selling
 It's like a little bit of some light though. So earlier you mentioned that
 You need a common purpose
 Or a common goal for the community if you have that common goal then it's easier for you to
 Relate and also for you to shift your identity towards that goal or purpose. Yeah, think about it in any
 Sports are great like every sports. There's always something people are trying to achieve right in the UFC
 It's the UFC title if you're in football if you're in soccer or like whenever sports the olympics
 Like there's always something that people are striving towards
 um one of the things I've seen people in businesses is
 You know, they'll set a business goal and then they hit it and then they lose all their motivation like oh like I lost it
 And so for you as the person who's building this community and like designing it
 Um, you gotta set these goals people, you know, so like we said initially was our two common club award
 And at first we thought that was gonna be really hard for people and then all of a sudden tons of people started
 She's making a million dollars inside of funnel and they make it they got two common club award and they were excited and then
 The worst thing happened is there's no there's no nothing else from the chase and so they all stopped kind of trying
 So like okay, let's make a new award. So we made a word called two common club x
 Is for 10 million dollars and also to reengage all these people they accept going for two common club x
 And then people start crossing down and say okay, let's make two common clubs c for a million or for a hundred million dollars, right?
 So we get creating these these targets because um if not people will get disinterested
 There's not a reason for them to keep showing up and participating inside of your community
 They're likely often going to leave, right?
 And so it's like you gotta create these these things and then last you what we did is because the people who are making a hundred
 Million dollars there, you know, they're doing all sorts of crazy things and so we said hey
 How about creating a war that's not focused on how much money you made but instead how much money you gave away?
 And so we launched uh the two hard awards two hearts
 So if you if you donate over a million dollars a chair you'd get this and the first year one person got that
 And I was like that's gonna be hard to ever get another person to get the two hard award
 And sure enough next year three people got it and then now you ever messaged me
 I don't even care about two common club award
 I want to win the two hard award and they're all trying to figure out to give money away
 And it's just it's it's those kind of things that people keep people engaged in your community
 So they're not just leaving and going down to their places. It's what makes it more sticky makes them uh stay with you
 You started with information content business and then you shifted to software business
 So I think like the most difficult part is like you getting
 Engineers and then for you to develop a software
 But how did you overcome that when you shifted from one industry to another?
 So securing
 Engineers and developing six hours of course and stuff
 Yeah, that's a great question. Um, so there's different ways to do it and um
 I've had friends do a lot of different ways, you know one is hiring people there's different things
 Um for me though. I did I use jbrab strategy
 I found somebody who was a really good developer and I partnered with him. So my business partner's name is Todd and um
 Todd
 When I found him at a met him and he was he was in our community is in our world
 He worked for us for free for a long time just doing side projects and stuff and then we had that different click funnels
 We decided to partner on it. And so what's nice that now I have I have a co-founder who's technical who can do all that kind of stuff
 if I was
 If I was to start another software company and the first thing I would look for is a technical co-founder
 Um, and you can hire people but it's always harder to hire someone who
 You know if they're who knows if they're gonna stay or they're not gonna stay especially when you build something, you know
 We're eight years in the click funnels and if I had hired someone and he disappeared
 It would be hard to do what we're doing today, right?
 Because I have a co-founder whose
 Whose livelihood is built into the software as well?
 He shows up every day and he's built the whole team now developers
 And so if if I was to start over I would look for a technical co-founder
 Um, if you're not willing to do that then there's people you can hire that um are great developers as well
 Um, but that's kind of key is finding someone like they they can help with that
 Um, they can manage the process and um, I can get vision like oh, I want to do this and this and this and this and this and he can
 Take that and translate it into into actual code and software and things like that
 Uh hero, I'm going to just to respect
 Russell gonna wrap us up, but Russell you have been very generous in letting us
 probe and and
 um
 and plug into your mind and your
 and your methods and your
 Your worldview and I think most people don't understand that the broader your worldview the more powerful you become but I thank you very much
 And I ask only one final question is
 Oh two questions is there something I should have asked you that I didn't and if it is what would it be
 And answer it and if not, but if there is I'd love to know it, but if not
 Well, one thing do you want to leave people making sure that they got out of your investment
 Of openness in today that will maybe haunt them positively
 So that it's not just entertainment. It'll it'll move them to do something with what you've shared
 Yeah, um first of all before I answer I want to thank you guys for having me. This has been super cool
 Um, both sides versus you know, obviously amazing to hang out with jay
 Which I'm grateful for here. Also great to officially meet you and then all of you guys from across the world
 It's just uh so fun to see entrepreneurship everywhere. So thank you for letting me be part of this
 um, and I think the biggest thing that I would come back to is
 um, and this this is just like
 I mentioned it, but I want to make sure I want people to understand this like
 Like I literally believe that business is a calling. I believe it's calling from a higher power
 Right. I think every single one of us has been blessed with gifts and talents that are unique to us
 Right everyone of you guys have unique talents and gifts and they weren't created you weren't given these gifts or talents for yourself
 Right you were given these gifts and talents because you were supposed to call you're you've been called to serve and help a group of people
 And so what I would say if there's nothing else you get is like figuring out like who are the group of people you've been called to serve
 That's more important than what your products going to be you're gonna be selling software information or supplements
 None of that matters as much as like you've been given gift gifts and talents and you're supposed to help people
 Who are those people you're supposed to serve?
 If you're gonna go find those people like here's the group of people that I'm supposed to serve
 Then you start listening. What do they need? How can I help them? How can I make their process simpler?
 How can I help them to have success faster?
 What is it that I can do different than anybody else is doing and when you figure those things out?
 Everything else becomes easy. Right the ideas will come they'll flood into your mind
 Like I'm not a creative person, but I listen to my audience and they tell me what they want
 Oh, they want this. Let's go make it right it becomes really really simple
 But the key is just is making that distinction and that shift
 You know the first two years three years of this business for me was chasing after money and I struggled till I stopped
 I said these are the people I'm gonna serve them whether I get paid or not because I love them
 I enjoy being around them. I want to help them and when I started shifting to that and I became my focal point
 Everything else my life changed and so if I can be nothing else
 Like believe in that because if you do you're start looking and listening and all the answers that you're looking for
 We're gonna show up and that's the key to business. That's why I
 So obsessed with them. I'm so passionate. I love sharing these kind of things because
 You know everyone of you guys is like the ripple effect. Hopefully something I shared the estate will start the ripple effect
 From where you guys are at and change more people's lives and hopefully my my ltv will go up from what jay said earlier, right
 Thank you very much. I greatly in behalf of everybody. Appreciate it and I hope uh, hope it was fun for you
 Thank you so much. I'm happy is awesome. Okay. Bye. Thank you
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you. Also, Dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsletter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift you also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand-delivered by the millman to your millbox each and every month one from dan kenny and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsletter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
