 Well, so my friends, welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 You've had a chance to listen to two of the four parts of my interview with Jay Abraham.
 Hopefully you've enjoyed them so far.
 And so this episode is the third installment.
 And this one we're going to talk about a whole bunch of other cool things that Jay asked
 about.
 We're talking about how we grow our companies and how we go out the dream 100.
 I talk about endorsements and collaborations.
 We talk about how Jay and Tony Robbins work together and how I work with Tony Robbins.
 We talk about the three P's, Passion, Purpose and Possibility.
 We talk about the fact that what we do actually matters.
 Talk about the ripple effect that you and your business and your ideas can have upon
 the world and a whole bunch of other things.
 So, welcome back to the third part of this exciting interview with Jay Abraham.
 I hope you enjoy it.
 If so, please let me know.
 Please take a screenshot of your phone and tag me on, you know, post on social and tag
 me on it.
 I hope I can see which stories you guys are liking the most and which ones you resonate.
 Hope you enjoyed this episode.
 We'll see you guys next week for the exciting conclusion of my interview with Jay Graham.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 I was so blessed that I had so many mentors when I was younger, but I used to hear all
 the time.
 The sooner you get your first sale, the sooner you get your second.
 So you get your third and you should think that way and but people go, well, I always
 sell this and I'll say, why?
 You know they buy these other things and you know if you sold the first thing and the
 lesser things, you get lots more of these.
 But people, consequently critical and I don't know if it's integrated, but thinking about
 all the logical correlations that define somebody and I'll tell you a fun story and
 this is not tangential ADD.
 It will help people.
 You probably know this, but I was involved in all these.
 I mean, I'm no longer my claim to fame, but we did an entrepreneur magazine when nobody
 even knew what the word meant.
 We had to send out letters, Russell, that had the Webster's dictionary explanation of
 anyone who had met and also how to pronounce it.
 Serious, what do you got?
 I mean, I remember the magazine you were subscribing to only too well.
 There were a bunch of them like that then.
 And it was a point of oh, but this was so interesting.
 There's two different elements.
 We thought our market was just people who wanted to start a business, but then we realized,
 is anybody who's trying to make more money?
 We got started going to, we went to commodities training.
 We went to options training.
 We went to real estate flipping training.
 We went to people who were buying a career training and all of them worked.
 And then we started buying those kind of businesses and gross selling because it was
 the same market.
 And instead of making this much or losing, we might have lost on the first transaction,
 but it wasn't really a loss.
 That was just the cost of getting started in the monetizing relationship.
 Very interesting.
 But that's a great point.
 I love that.
 Jesus, you're one of the super colossal affiliates.
 You've used that for your other businesses, for this.
 Now you have a hundred thousand.
 It's sort of cool.
 Captively, you have this audience that's not inconsequential.
 Talk a little bit about the power.
 You may know this.
 I mean, I have so many Russell, so many distinctions that I forget about most of them, but we've
 done billions of dollars when I was active in joint ventures, strategic alliances, host
 beneficiary, endorsement, go branding, all these things.
 And I don't think in the Japanese culture, they realize how powerful that is because
 it's a very me against you and I'm very private.
 But I think that's a terribly inhibited and limited attitude about growth.
 Yeah.
 In fact, I initially learned all this stuff from you.
 I remember listening to your CDs, my wife and I driving around our car and you talking
 about host beneficiary and all these strategic partnerships.
 And a couple of things I learned.
 Number one is I look at our customer, right?
 And our customer, we have the mindset we think that like, oh, there are customers, we own
 them, they only buy from us.
 And the reality is it's not true.
 I think about myself, like the things that I buy, I buy like 10 different things or 20
 different things.
 I'm excited about it, right?
 In health and fitness, I'm excited about all the things.
 You know, it watches.
 I like watches.
 I buy all the watches.
 I buy all the training courses.
 Like I bought everything from you and from Dan and from all the people.
 So like people aren't just buying from you.
 And so by thinking that you are, that they are, it limits your ability to grow.
 And so I started looking like, well, who else besides me are they purchasing things from
 like, I need to get to know those people and be partners with them and like figure out
 that.
 And that was a big part of it.
 The other thing that you, I remember where you said this, somewhere you talked about,
 you said, look at like the product service to you.
 I'm like, what are all the things that somebody needs before your products and service?
 And then what are all the things that somebody needs right after that?
 And so I started to make like opening my eyes, like, what are all the different things?
 Like how do, like what are all the, all the different ways to do this?
 And so when I started doing my business and actually I learned this coin from, from Chet
 Holmes and I think your friends with Chet before we passed away, but Chet had this concept
 that he called the Dream 100.
 And so we started that in our company, we built out what we call Dream 100.
 These are 100 people who already have all of our customers congregated together.
 So they have them either on a Facebook group or an email list or a blog or, you know, somewhere
 they've already grouped our customers.
 And so I can go, I can go, I can, you know, I can buy ads and target those people, which
 is good.
 And you know, good examples, Tony Robbins, right?
 So Tony Robbins has got three million followers on Facebook and I can buy ads and show my
 ads to Tony's audience.
 But it's so much more powerful to have Tony promote it.
 So I'm going to do both.
 I know Tony's one of my Dream 100, so I'm going to target his audience to sell my things
 to his people.
 But I'm going to also try to build a relationship with him.
 And for me, it took me about a decade.
 I got to know Tony and built a relationship and about a decade into it, he promoted one
 of my books and he did a Facebook live, he interviewed me on his books.
 And that one Facebook live, I'd have been getting like 5 million people, watched that
 video, tons of people bought my book and it was, it was, it was amazing.
 And Tony and I are competitors, but we both serve the same like core audience, like people
 who are high achievers who are trying to change the world.
 And that was just one Dream 100 person.
 The next thing I did is I went, okay, excuse me, I said, okay, who are all the people in
 my market to have a podcast?
 So I went to, I'm not sure for the same, I went to iTunes, I went to the podcast directory
 and there's a business section.
 And then it categorizes all the business podcast from number one down to, I think, 100.
 So I said, okay, here's 100 people have my audience, they're listening to them in their
 ears.
 And so I went and I got the address of every single person who has a business podcast and
 I sent them a copy of my book and I sent them gifts and I sent them packages in the mail.
 I tried to build a relationship.
 And within a week or two of doing this, I got calls from five or six of the people that
 had the top 20 or 30 podcasts.
 A week later, I was on their podcast and I've sold tens of thousands of copies of my books
 and software from these podcast interviews.
 And so I'm just looking like where, who were the people that already have my dream customers?
 I'm going to find those people, get to know them and then figure out how I can get in
 front of their audiences.
 And when you do that, you know this more than anybody.
 But like it short cuts your success.
 You know, I could have bought podcast ads for five years to get as many leads as I got
 off of me being on the top podcast, being interviewed for an hour at a time as opposed
 to just a 30 second ad that would have cost me $20,000.
 It's crazy.
 So it's way more efficient and just better way to do it.
 And you're leveraging all the trust, the goodwill and the intimacy of a podcast interview with
 somebody that admires you and is curious about what you know that they don't.
 The best thing about, I think, a great interviewer is that they are not trying to show you how
 bright they are.
 They're trying to be an advocate for their audience.
 And when you have that, then they're showcasing what you know because they want to help translate
 and transfer that knowledge to their audience when you can find those kind of hosts or bloggers
 or whatever it is.
 Now, then you've hit what we call the motherload.
 Yeah.
 And it's crazy because like, you know, first off, you start building these relationships
 and it's something that's becoming your best partnerships.
 You might actually fly out to Tony's house tomorrow, which will go to spend some time.
 Like, how cool is that?
 But they came from me trying to build that relationship, right?
 You start building relationships with people.
 That's like such a powerful part of it.
 But then like you said, you get one person to say, yes, you know, one blogger's got a
 big blog and decides to write a blog post about your new product.
 Like that can be 10, you know, that's the equivalent of you spending $100,000 on Facebook
 ads and just.
 Yeah, no, it's good.
 I was stepping on you, but I'm going to mean you want to go back in time.
 So I'll give a true story and most people don't know this.
 So in 1991, I was helping Tony's company and I was very helpful and we achieved something
 really cool.
 We figured out the breakthrough for his predecessor to all the master was called Master University
 and a Y, but that wasn't the story.
 So afterwards he learned he I never talked to him.
 I always talked to his president.
 He got ahold of me and he wanted me to speak in in a Y and I asked and exchanged no fee.
 I said, well, he interviewed me because he's a great interview.
 And he said, what do you want to sell?
 I said, nothing.
 I said, just do an interview for me.
 And it was really interesting because he is a great interviewer and he did a great interview
 of me and you probably don't know this.
 I prepared 40 pages of notes that I sent to him and it took me weeks.
 And you know, he's always late.
 He's always late when you go see him for anything.
 If it's if it's business and he was late, pardon me, but I was supposed to do it 11.
 We didn't start till three.
 But when he came there, he gained a lot of my admiration because he had notes, not just
 on every page and not just on every paragraph Russell, but on every sentence.
 And what transpired was and I'm telling this protracted because I'm telling it to you because
 we don't talk much or at all.
 And what happened was we started at three and we went until three in the morning.
 And the only reason we stopped, this is when they had what was called a DAC, which was
 a mini version of a VHS and we ran out.
 We were on a roll.
 But what happened was they took 12 hours of interviews and they turned it into the two-hour
 power talk that became a classic, he had about 40,000 subscribers, which he put it
 out to, but I put out two million of them.
 And that transformed my brand because not just his stature, but the kind of quality interaction
 we were having with each other.
 So people don't realize how powerful endorsement, collaboration, access to markets.
 And another point that people don't realize, everybody wants the biggest ones.
 And that's very, very astute most of the time.
 But sometimes the smaller ones have a connection to their audience because they're terrible
 marketers and the people are responding in spite not because of their marketing acuity.
 And those people, even though they don't have the quantity, when they encourage you to someone
 to buy from you or deal with you or respond to you, then the response on a relative basis
 is outrageous.
 Yeah.
 But I agree.
 In fact, I think for most people it's way better to start at that level because I remember
 when I first got started, I'd reached out to people like you and Tony and stuff and I
 was this little kid in college and nobody responded, "That's okay."
 But instead of being upset, all this doesn't work, I said, "Okay, I'm starting to do partnerships
 with people around my same size."
 And so I found five or six people, I went to some events, I got to know them and I was
 like, "We build a relationship and then we all started kind of cross promoting each other."
 And eventually all of our business has got a little bigger to the point where we were
 at the next tier of business.
 And so I started getting to know these new people and I started talking to them and eventually
 our business grew.
 And you got for three or four years, eventually you're at the level of your peers and now
 they will return your calls.
 They've seen you all these different places and they've, you know, you keep showing up
 over and over and over again and they're like, "Oh, this person's actually putting in the
 time and the effort and they're for real."
 And that gives you access to these people that, you know, once you're mentored that
 you just dreamed about, now you can be on the call.
 I'm like, "I'm right now with you," which is insane.
 It's so fun for me.
 So...
 Yeah, sure.
 That's pretty good.
 Thank you.
 It's more ditto.
 So let me ask you this.
 I mean, you evoke, you ever vest what I call the three Ps with your passion, purpose and
 possibility.
 How do you keep that?
 What do you feel that with?
 That's a good question.
 And this is something that was confusing me at first because when I got started, I was
 in college and I was like, "I gotta make money.
 I gotta give money.
 I'll be the coolest thing in the world."
 That was my driving force.
 And then I made some money and if anyone who's done this, you make some money and then you're
 like, "Huh, that was it.
 That wasn't quite what I thought it was.
 I thought it was going to feel different."
 And then you do and you're like, "You don't feel different."
 So then I started chasing it some more.
 I tried to make, "Maybe I need more money.
 That'll make me feel different."
 So I chased that for a while.
 And it just, it got point where I was just like, "This is not like what I was hoping
 it was going to be."
 And luckily for me, somewhere in that window of time, I had a couple of students who had
 bought some of my things and something happened and they actually had success with it.
 In fact, I remember one of them was this guy and his wife and they had two little kids
 and they had used something.
 They bought one of my courses and they'd used it.
 They'd applied it and it changed their life.
 I remember they sent me a video telling the story and they were crying and then I started
 crying.
 And I was like, "Whatever that feeling is, that's the thing I thought I was like, I
 was chasing that and that feels amazing.
 I want more of that."
 And then I shifted from me trying to chase to figure out to make money to shifting to
 chase that feeling where it's like, as I create.
 I make my job, I make my lives and my people I'm going to call them serve better.
 I get that feeling back.
 And for me, that was the shift.
 And so I really figured out that point of thinking, "These are my people.
 I want to serve entrepreneurs.
 How am I going to do that?"
 I don't know.
 And I started trying to figure things out and try to make it simpler and simpler.
 And it's like I'm better at doing it and the more I focus on serving them, the simpler
 software got.
 I mean, it's software making it easier.
 I wrote books that made it simpler.
 I try to make their lives easier, then more success stories started coming and then that
 started making you feel good.
 And it's interesting, about once a week we have a big company meeting at ClickFunnels.
 And we have a session at the very end that says, "What we do matters."
 We pick one of our entrepreneurs and we tell the story.
 And it's not like, "Hey, so, so made a lot of money."
 But it's like, for example, one of them is Kaitlyn Poland.
 So Kaitlyn came into our community.
 She didn't have any money, but she had lost, she had her own personal weight loss transformation,
 lost a bunch of weight.
 And then she went through our programs.
 She ended up launching a company that grew really big and called Lady Boss.
 And I think over a million women were on their list.
 And over 100,000 women had had a transformation where they had lost weight, they had more
 health, they were happy.
 And so we told, for example, we tell Kaitlyn's story.
 And so, look, this is one person who we interacted with and from there she was able to, like,
 the ripple effect from her going through our programs and using our software was 100,000
 women lost weight.
 And so 100,000 women, they went back home and they had their families and their kids,
 right?
 You know, for Lady Boss, that company, they got like 80 or 90 employees.
 So it's those employees and then their families.
 And like, that's one entrepreneur, the ripple effect that had on the world is huge.
 You know, we have 100,000 people using ClickFunnels.
 So it's like every week we share one of those stories.
 And for me, that's something that keeps me like, just, like, you're doing this, but I'm
 so excited.
 It's just like, dah, that feels so good.
 And you see like something you created or you developed it, it changed some of life like
 that.
 Like, that's the fuel, at least for me that keeps me.
 And that's beautifully articulated.
 Thank you.
 So I'm going to ask two more questions and then I'll see if hero is on, if he wants to
 before you run out of time, because I don't want to abuse your generosity.
 But you're great.
 I mean, you're handling my nonlinear questions beautifully and your answers are quite.
 I think so.
 Good.
 Well, I'm a poster boy for adult attention deficit and I admire your brain and I admire
 your values.
 And I admire what you've created and I get the biggest kick out of trying to do deals
 with you and see how charmingly you deflect.
 And I mean that with positivity.
 I get the biggest kick out of you.
 And I've enjoyed you a lot.
 I find you very impressive, monumentally impressive.
 So what, I'm going to use a word that most people aren't going to know here and I don't
 know how it's going to be translated.
 So what rocks your boat today, either in, in, in, in, not just ambition in, in, and not
 just goal, but objectives, objectives.
 And I'm differentiating objective from goal.
 Go might be, we want to be 400 million.
 But in order to do that, there are objectives that are interesting.
 Like we want to offer three more services.
 We want to own 150 different books were freely and self liquidating.
 We want to, I mean, so what, what rocks your boat and everybody rocks your boat means turns
 you on and turns you on means get you conceptually creatively, commercially, possibility wise,
 contribution wise, excited.
 And it can be about clique funnels.
 It can be about any of your other products, it can be about nobility.
 But what I know you've got the human trafficking also, which is admirable.
 And if you want to talk about it, you can.
 But in the meantime, what rocks your boat in terms of objectives, not just goals?
 Oh, you got me excited.
 There's like 10 things I could talk about.
 Talk about them.
 I mean, if you'll generously contribute, you're changing people's lives by causing them
 to think deeply about things they've never been introduced to.
 You can talk about anything you want and everything you want.
 Okay, I'll share.
 I think they two or three really quick.
 So one of them is related to clique funnels directly.
 So we spent the last year and a half rebuilding our platform and we're about two or three
 months away from watching the new version of clique funnels.
 And the reason why is, I'm sure you've read, but those, there's a book called Cross in
 the Chasm and it talks about the different phases of business where I feel like the
 first two or three years of clique funnels was us getting the early adopters and then
 next was the innovators.
 And now we're at this chasm where we're trying to take the clique funnels to the world.
 And if you go most roles, you can't fathom what a funnel is.
 It's beyond them.
 And so we've tried to redesign the software and then training everything in this way where
 we can cross that chasm and eventually go from 200 million to a billion or beyond by
 just making it, by changing the language and the process and simplifying it to so much
 so that anybody like my mom could log in the clique funnels and be like, oh, and she knows
 exactly what to do, right?
 And so that's something we spent the last year and a half of our lives like deep into
 that.
 We haven't showed, like we're about to like show it to the world, which is always a scary
 thing.
 But that's something I'm really excited for.
 Another big piece, actually Tony Robbins asked me this question.
 He asked, he said, if you were to sell clique funnels or be done, like what would you do
 next?
 And a year and a half ago, I'm like, I don't know, like this is all I know.
 And he said, you got to find something else that you're passionate about so that if for
 when like this ends, you got something else that keeps you motivated.
 And I know what that was for a long time.
 And then probably six or seven months ago, I started collecting old books and I'm someone
 who doesn't go, I don't dab like I go deep on anything I do.
 And so I started buying old books and I bought a lot of old religious books that meant a
 lot to me.
 But then I was like, I need somewhere to house these books.
 And so we started designing and building this big 20,000 square foot library with statues
 of outlets and a bunch of cool things.
 And I was going to have the books in there.
 But I said, well, I want all the old books from all the things I'm passionate about.
 And so I was like, I want a personal development section.
 I'm like, well, who's got the best personal of all the books in the world?
 And one of my favorite authors is Napoleon Hill.
 And so I went and I found a whole bunch of first edition Napoleon Hill books that like
 the laws of success three years before has ever published.
 And I ended up spending multiple millions of dollars buying this entire state of Napoleon
 Hill with all the first editions that is now in my office.
 And then I started going down all these rabbit holes and I bought all these old first edition
 books.
 And I'm building this amazing library of learning and entrepreneurship where people can come
 and they can learn directly from these manuscripts that nobody has seen in hundreds and hundreds
 of years.
 And that's something I'm just super passionate and excited for.
 It's because it's given me the ability to share these things that I feel like I've kind
 of most people forgotten about them.
 One of the big reasons why about Dan Kennedy's company is he almost passed away, as you know.
 And I was so afraid that all the stuff he had created was just going to disappear into
 the night.
 And I was like, man, this stuff changed my life.
 I want to keep it out there.
 And so as whole passion mission right now, I'm taking the best personal development and
 marketing and sales stuff from our generations and trying to put it in a platform where it
 will live on forever.
 That's a big passionate thing that I'm working on right now as well.
 So those are some of the fun things.
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast.
 If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it
 to Facebook, Instagram, or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know
 why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future.
 That'll help me to know what to create for you.
 Also, Dan Kennedy and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever.
 And help you make maximum money in minimum time.
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free
 just for saying maybe.
 You can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at nobsletter.com.
 Not only you can get the $20,000 gift, you also can get a subscription to two marketing
 newsletters that will be hand delivered by the Millman to your mailbox each and every
 month, one from Dan Kennedy and one from me.
 To get this gift and your subscription, go to nobsletter.com right now.
 (upbeat music)
