 - Hi everyone, welcome to the Marketing Secrets Live Show.
 I'm so excited to be here live with you guys.
 This is kind of a new format we've been doing for our podcast.
 And this is your first time on Welcome.
 If you were listening to the recordings of this later
 and you wanna come home on our live shows,
 make sure you go to clubhousewithrussell.com
 and come and sign up for the Marketing Secrets Live
 Clubhouse Room.
 And this is where we're kind of hanging out once a week or so.
 And it's fun because this format's been different.
 I've had a chance to bring in speakers
 and find out their number of marketing secret.
 Then I have a chance to share the coolest thing
 I'm thinking about the time.
 We open up for Q&A at the end.
 And so those who are live, get your questions ready.
 We're gonna do some Q&A at the end.
 And again, if you're listening to the recording
 on the actual podcast, make sure you go and register
 for the live shows at clubhousewithrussell.com.
 It'll be a lot of fun.
 So today we got a couple of guests.
 I'm gonna bring them on here in a second
 and share their number one marketing secret.
 But before we do that, of course,
 we gotta lead off with the Marketing Secrets theme song.
 So I'm gonna queue that up when we come back.
 We'll jump right into our guest panel.
 So here we go.
 - So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take our adventure capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question and this podcast
 will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 - All right, welcome officially now
 to the Marketing Secrets Live Show.
 You're on the other side of the show.
 You're on the other side of the show.
 You're on the other side of the show.
 You're on the other side of the show.
 So we're gonna be talking about the first guest
 and the first guest we're gonna be talking to.
 And we'll jump right in if you want to.
 - Awesome.
 Let's get the party started.
 Before we introduce our guest,
 we wanna make sure that you guys that are here
 on this episode that you click the little plus sign
 in the bottom and invite your friends.
 Also, a reminder, we are recording this room
 and don't forget to follow the speakers on this stage
 and click the little plus sign in the bottom
 and click the little monopoly house on the top
 and follow the Marketing Secrets Club here
 so that you can get an notification when we go live again.
 So our first guest speaker is Miss Kenya Kelly.
 Kenya is the CEO of You Branded,
 a video marketing consulting firm in San Diego, California.
 She is a strategist.
 She is the TikTok queen.
 And she's been a member of the Fun Hacking Community
 2017. Welcome Kenya and also I'll pass it on to you.
 - Kenya, so excited to have you here in 2017.
 That's crazy.
 You've been around for a long time.
 I've been watching you for a long time,
 closely for the last probably two or three weeks,
 which has been so much fun.
 So excited to have you on the show first off and welcome.
 How are you? How are you filming today?
 - I am feeling super good.
 I'm actually in Mexico celebrating my 40th birthday.
 So I'm having a feeling real good.
 - Very cool. Congratulations.
 Happy for it.
 I hit my 40th last year.
 So far, I remember as a kid, I thought when I was 40,
 my parents turned 40, I was like, I'm almost there.
 I was almost dead.
 I was really concerned.
 And now it's a 40 year old.
 I think I'm just starting.
 So it's different when you get older, isn't it?
 - It sure is.
 I'm like, I just getting started up in here.
 You know what I'm saying?
 - Very cool.
 Well, what I want to ask you right now,
 this is the question I asked all the guests here on the
 Marketing Secrets Live Show, is what is your biggest marketing
 secret that you are doing right now inside your business
 so we can all kind of, can hear and learn from that?
 - Absolutely.
 So my biggest secret is TikTok.
 And I know some people are already like,
 they're like fading out, but don't fade out.
 You know, I built my business initially from Facebook
 and Instagram.
 And in 2020, I'm somebody who prays for strategies.
 And I heard God tell me to get off the TikTok,
 which I thought was insane.
 But I was like, I'm just trying.
 I was like, maybe I'm just dealing with whatever because
 of the pandemic.
 So I get on the TikTok.
 And initially, I'm dancing like everybody else,
 but then it clicked.
 This is the newest social media platform that marketers are
 going to run to.
 And so in the midst of everything that happened in 2020,
 I just kept creating content.
 And fast forward, a year later, 450,000 followers,
 we added an additional $300,000 to my business.
 And it's just been incredible.
 And now I'm this quote unquote influencer.
 And I'm like, I never thought that I would be an influencer,
 but now I am.
 - That's interesting.
 So you started with doing dances like a lot of people do in
 TikTok.
 I'm curious, like what was the transition?
 Like what were some things you did that helped it to grow or
 helped, you know, get the following and actually make money
 from it?
 - For sure.
 So what happened was that I was going viral with some of the
 dances and just being my personality.
 And I ended up seeing somebody, I can't remember who it was,
 that was marketing.
 And it clicked and I immediately transitioned.
 And I said, I do love to dance.
 I do love to have fun.
 I'm going to take some of these trends and start teaching.
 So I started doing a little bit of dancing, but all that I would
 talk while I was dancing or I would have texts on screen.
 And I started driving people to the link in my bio, to jump on
 my email list, to buy my courses.
 And I ended up, like I have a book, a business book called
 Before You Quit Your Job.
 And I ended up selling way more books on TikTok than I was
 anywhere else.
 And so I just kept doing that.
 I was like, this is a creative platform.
 Be creative, have fun, but teach in the way that TikToks
 community is.
 And that is what happened.
 That's awesome.
 It's interesting.
 I'm not a big TikToker yet, but my kids are.
 And so I remember I was trying to like understand the platform.
 I said, I'm just going to watch my kids and see how they, you know,
 what they're doing and why they're doing it to understand them.
 And it was fascinating because my daughter, she started growing her
 TikTok channel slowly.
 And I remember at first she would be like, I got, you know,
 30 followers.
 I have 50.
 She's so excited.
 And then what she did, this is super interesting.
 She set up a second profile and there's a name for it.
 I think it's like a thing that TikTokers do.
 I don't know.
 You, you may know more of me, but she covered up her face and it was like,
 they had people had to guess who she was.
 So she do these dances where you can see her face and people start
 guessing.
 And that channel blew up to like 50 or 60,000 people and she get
 building towards big reveal and soon they get X amount of people.
 I'm going to reveal who I am.
 And so she got that point and then she revealed who she was and
 she pushed everyone to her main channel and she had like almost 30,000
 people move over there, follow her on her main channel.
 And now my daughter's like, I'm an influencer dad.
 Like, no, not my daughter.
 No.
 But it was just that interesting strategy to watch how she did that,
 how just some of the different techniques and things to start growing.
 I think for anybody, especially someone like me who hasn't really got
 into the platform yet is like find people who are using it and just
 watch them.
 That's what we started learning YouTube.
 I started learning to the other things is just watching how people who do
 love the platform, like what they're doing and how they're doing it.
 It sounds like you have something similar.
 You're doing it just for fun and then you start seeing other people
 transitioning.
 I see how this is going to work now for my business as well.
 So.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 I knew it was something like social media always starts out entertaining.
 It just does.
 And then it usually starts out with the younger generation.
 And so when I got there, I was like, there is something to this and I
 slowly started going, this is going to be the wave of marketing.
 And now here we are 2021 and Facebook just launched their short video and
 everything else has short video.
 Yeah, super interesting.
 Well, awesome.
 Thanks for coming on the live show and sharing that.
 It makes me want to go about head on a family vacation.
 So my goal is to tick talk my daughter at least three times over the next like
 week and a half.
 So it's those who aren't following my tick talk.
 Go find me.
 I want to like 500 followers to go follow me and then and you'll see me start
 trying to practice what we're preaching.
 So thank you.
 Can you so much for coming on and sharing.
 Super grateful for you.
 Thank you so much.
 Awesome.
 Thank you, Kenya.
 You are awesome.
 I'm so excited that you were here.
 All right.
 So now we have Myron Golden.
 Myron is a high demand speaker, trainer in areas of sales, marketing, business,
 development.
 I think he doesn't even need an introduction because I mean all the funnel hackers
 here know who he is, but we had to give him this special introduction.
 He's also a best selling author and I don't know if you guys know this, but
 he's a songwriter and an owner of a record label.
 Welcome Myron to the marketing secrets podcast back to you Russell.
 What's up, Myron?
 How you doing, man?
 What's up, Russell?
 Good to see you, brother.
 Good to see you.
 I forgot about this call.
 Don't tell anybody I said that.
 Yeah, I'm at the golf course.
 Are you going?
 I'm at the golf course, but it's all good.
 Well, thanks for your time.
 Always good.
 We're only on for a minute or so.
 So first off, Myron, you as you know, you're one of my favorite humans on this
 planet.
 Just been so grateful for you.
 The last few years hanging out often has been has been some highlights in my life.
 So grateful for you.
 And the biggest thing the marketing secrets live show, so we can get you back to golfing.
 But my only question for you is what is right now in your business, like the number one
 marketing secret of all the things you're doing.
 Obviously doing a lot of things.
 But you could say this is my number one marketing secret.
 And now what would that be that you can share with everybody?
 Well, my number one marketing secret right now is we've got a we've got a challenge to a bootcamp.
 So and what we do is we do a five day challenge.
 It's $97 for a general admission.
 It's $297 for VIP.
 And we sell.
 We do it to a split offer, which people say you shouldn't do, but it's working really well for us.
 So if people are making more than 20,000 a month, we send them to our application for our inner circle.
 If they're making less than 20,000 a month, we send them to the application for our offer mastery coaching.
 And we're teaching to create offers and do challenges.
 And we've got students right now.
 We just did our first one at the end of February, beginning of March.
 And we've got one guy from our first challenge who's already done two challenges and done over $300,000.
 We got another lady who's never sold anything.
 I take it before her very first challenge.
 She did like $24,000.
 So people are just people are just crushing it.
 So that's what we're doing.
 We're doing a challenge to a $21,000 coaching program and or to our inner circle.
 And it's done for us so far over $2 million this year.
 That's awesome.
 It feels like this year's done.
 That's my number one secret.
 It feels like this year's been like the year of challenges for people, which has been really, really fascinating.
 And people use it for different ways, right?
 Like we use challenges for people in software.
 Other people are using challenges to tell their courses.
 And you're going from challenge straight to super high ticket, which is fascinating.
 But you said also your challenge is a paid challenge of friends.
 How you said?
 Oh, yeah.
 It's $97.
 It's $97 for the general admission and $297 from you.
 And then what's the two of the follow questions is number one.
 What's the name of your challenge?
 And then is the challenge happening live throughout the week or is it prerecorded?
 Or how do you how do you structure that?
 He's on golf course.
 Let's break up a little bit.
 But as we said, it is live.
 And then the question was just what was the actual name of your name, your challenge?
 We can go funnel hack and sign up for it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So it's the name of the challenge is the make more offer challenge because I teach people
 the number one challenge.
 The number one problem most business owners have.
 They don't make enough offers.
 So I teach you make more offers and make more money.
 And so make more offers challenge and yeah, it's a paid challenge.
 $197 for the general admission to $97 for VIP.
 Awesome.
 Well, thank you, my, I appreciate jumping on.
 I hear the birds in the background.
 You should get back to golf and thanks for jumping on real quick and sharing your biggest
 marketing secret.
 And grateful for you as always.
 And just as a side note for everyone who's listening, the make more offers challenge.
 That's a cool name.
 If you think about the people in this game who have the most success, honestly, the ones
 who make the most offers, right?
 They're trying different things.
 We just did a very fascinating study with our ClickFunnels day.
 They went through man, like one and a half million people have signed up for ClickFunnels trial,
 you know, overtime and it's crazy.
 If someone joins ClickFunnels and they buy at least one thing for me, it could be a book,
 it could be a $7 report, it could be anything.
 They're stick rate triples.
 And so a lot of times you buy go away, sell one thing, it's like, yeah, but more offers
 you make the better buyers they become.
 I remember TJ Rolledter, who's a, who's one of my mentors in direct mail and he's brilliant
 marketer, but essentially he, you can go and you can actually rent his buyer list.
 Or you can send your buyers, send his buyers, your offers in the mail.
 And I told him, like, doesn't it make you, like, aren't you worried?
 Like if, if, if other people are making offers to your buyers, like they're going to quit
 buying from you and he said, no, no, you're just looking at it backwards.
 He's like, the more people buy it, he said buyers stay in motion and the more they buy
 the more they continue to buy.
 So he's like, so I'm going to sell my people stuff, but I want other people to sell them
 stuff as well because if they're buying somebody else's offer, they're more likely to buy mine
 as well because buyers like to buy stuff.
 And he's like, if they stop buying, he's like, that's worse.
 He's like, if I don't send him something in the mail each week, if they're not getting
 other offers, they're not continuing to buy, they actually cool off and they become worse
 buyers over time.
 And so it's fascinating for us, like, looking at the data from seven years now.
 It's like if, if they've, if they purchase anything from me, like a book, anything, they
 stick like three times longer on ClickFunnels than if they, that they just sign up for ClickFunnels
 and that's it.
 So make more offers.
 It's, it's a, it's so many, we could go in like a two hour podcast just about that alone,
 how powerful it is.
 But anyway, so it's awesome.
 So thank you, my, for sharing all that.
 I'll be happy to jump on and do it to our podcast with you.
 Anything kind of ready to rock.
 Awesome.
 Let the plan that.
 Well, thank you, Byron.
 So much for jumping on.
 And this has been fun so far.
 So we got two guests down.
 We got one more to go.
 Jennifer, you want to introduce our next guest?
 Yes.
 Awesome.
 Let me reset the room really quickly, guys.
 If you're finding value in this room, please follow the speakers on the panel.
 Click the little plus side and invite five friends right there at the bottom.
 You can also click on the monopoly house at the top where it says marketing secrets
 live so that you can follow this club and get an notification when Russell goes live
 again.
 All right.
 The next speaker on up is Dan Henry.
 Dan is the founder of get clients.com.
 He's a best selling author and an eight figure award winner.
 Welcome, Dan, to the room today.
 Hey, how's it going guys?
 Doing awesome.
 Dan great to hear from you all.
 I was awesome to hang out and have you on.
 I would say before I kick kicks off fishly, I think you are probably one of the most colorful
 characters inside of our community, which makes it fun.
 Sometimes I get nervous, sometimes I get excited and back and forth, but always respect
 you and always grateful for you and awesome to have you here.
 So my question for you that I'm excited to hear your thoughts because you're a deep thinker
 who goes sometimes our thoughts counteract each other, which is kind of fun as well.
 But I'm curious for you right now in your business and the spot you're at.
 What is the biggest marketing secret that you're finding right now that's working for you
 guys?
 Well, I've always, as you know, Russell, I've always used polarity to, but that's something
 I've used for years.
 And I always say, if you make enough noise, all eyes will be on you.
 Make sure you're selling something.
 And I think a lot of people think that they don't use polarity or they, if they use polarity,
 they're going to turn off a bunch of people.
 But that's the thing is you use polarity in your daily life, whether you intend to or
 not.
 If you go to church and you walk out of that church, an atheist is going to drive by and
 be like, that guy sucks.
 And vice versa.
 If you go to the gym and you're in shape, somebody who's not in shape is going to look
 at you and be jealous.
 You're polarizing anyway, so you might as well get paid for it.
 And so one of the things that we made a radical, radical shift in our business was what I
 like to call, and I learned from you, the value ladder, I would call this sort of the
 reverse value ladder.
 So we start with high ticket.
 Like, I pretty much don't build a value ladder until I hit at least one million with a high
 ticket offer.
 Because the way I view it, if you're good enough, if your offer is good enough to book
 calls and close sales and do well, it's the engine, right?
 The other stuff around it is the fuel that pours into the engine.
 And so what we did was we started selling high ticket only and it just radically transformed
 our business.
 And then I tapped the book on and some low ticket products to fuel it, to scale it even
 further.
 And we've been able to, I mean, I'm not on social media that much anymore.
 I'm not that active anymore.
 And we've done, we have million dollar days.
 We have million dollar weeks.
 I just launched a $100,000 offer and within like hours, landed a client for that.
 I mean, and everything else just supports that.
 And I think a lot of people don't realize that there are two segments of the market.
 There are low ticket buyers and there are high ticket buyers.
 Low ticket buyers either won't buy your high ticket ever, or they require multiple products,
 multiple touch points, months and months or even years of following to ascend them to
 be a high ticket buyer.
 And that's true and that works.
 But there's also a segment of the market that are already high ticket buyers that are ready
 to pay you a high ticket price right now.
 And nobody markets to them because almost every book, almost every guru out there, almost
 every direct response marketer talks about low ticket and the language of low ticket buyers.
 So those high ticket buyers, they're already ready to buy.
 It's literally a blue ocean, but most people don't know how to talk to them.
 So what I did is I literally deleted all my low ticket stuff.
 I started speaking to the high ticket buyers first.
 I still use polarity.
 That still works.
 And then once I've tapped into that fully and the machine is oiled, then I tapped in
 the low ticket stuff to take those low ticket buyers and turn them into high ticket buyers.
 Going after high ticket buyers first as a priority changed everything.
 Awesome.
 I actually 100% agree with that.
 It's interesting.
 One of my biggest fears when I teach people a value ladder is number one is that they
 don't do anything until they've got all the offers and all the value ladder built out,
 which is the wrong thing.
 Number two, they start with the, like, I'm going to go write a book then, which is the
 hardest thing.
 You know, you've written a book too.
 Like, of all the things, it's the hardest and it's the hardest to make profitable.
 Whereas if someone leads with a higher ticket, you know, webinar or high ticket offer, you
 have more room to mess things up, right?
 Because you sell one $10,000 or $20,000, whatever client, you can, you can, they do a
 lot of things wrong.
 You can mess up on the ads and mess up on the copy and everything.
 You used to be one person and it cleans up all the, the mess, right?
 And so typically, like you said, it's easier to get some of that to work out of the gate
 and then, um, scale out to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, come up with, whatever that
 is.
 And then coming back and saying, okay, any more ways to bring people into this offer.
 That's when a book offered as well or things like that.
 And you're a mosey to the same thing.
 He has his, he had his, uh, his, uh, high ticket thing killing it.
 And then he wrote a book and then his book offer, if you guys go through his book offer,
 like he doesn't have anything else.
 You buy the book and the next page is like, cool, you bought the book, apply now for the
 high ticket coaching.
 And he did find that he was able to get more buyers coming in that way, but it was leading
 with the high ticket.
 And, um, I think for most people, especially if you're getting started, like it's one
 of the easier faster ways, the, I think the biggest problem people have a lot of times
 is just the belief that they can actually sell high ticket when the first beginning,
 uh, which is probably more of the problem.
 Um, but man, the metrics and the math make way more sense when you, when you lead with
 that for sure.
 That's who got me in the high ticket originally was her mosey.
 Um, he, he, I met him backstage at a ClickFunnels event and he's, he's like, Dan, how much
 money did you make this month?
 And I'm like 1 million.
 And he's like, how much did you spend?
 I'm like 700,000.
 And he's like, cool.
 I made like 2 million.
 And I spent like, you know, 500 grand.
 Yeah.
 And I'm like, I'm like, you must be so good at Facebook ads.
 And he's like, no, I suck at Facebook ads.
 And I just, my cheapest offer is 16 grand.
 My mind just exploded when he said that.
 And ever since then, I've just, everything I've done has been revolving around that.
 But I want to make a point.
 You said that your biggest fear was that people do, do the value ladder wrong.
 And I think that's a point that everybody needs to hear.
 There's a difference between learning what to do, how to do it and how to do it well,
 how to execute it.
 And I will tell you, most people funnel hacking, value ladder, they do it wrong.
 They want to build out the whole thing first.
 Or instead of modeling someone's funnel, they just go and copy it word for word.
 And you know, they don't realize that there's what to do, there's how to do it and how to
 do it well.
 And I think that's a big thing is the stuff you teach, I mean, you were the person that
 got me started in this game.
 I made $25 million.
 And it has literally started from the moment I saw you on an ad going by my dot com secrets
 book.
 And I bought that book.
 And now what, I don't know, five, whatever, how many every years later, four, four years,
 five years, I've made $25 million.
 And I'll tell you that if I were to say one thing that, that is the difference between
 people who make it and people who don't is a lack of comprehension.
 Nobody gives effort into comprehending what somebody says.
 They just look at it and go, okay, cool.
 And then they don't really like go, okay, like what, why does this work?
 What's the science behind this?
 And they just take a superficial action.
 So I think your stuff is amazing.
 Russell, if it wasn't for you, I wouldn't be here right now.
 But I do think people need to put more effort into like understanding, you know, how to
 do it well.
 100%.
 Yeah, people look to surface level.
 It's like there's a method to this.
 And if you go deeper, you can, you can see why it works, not just like how it works.
 So well, awesome, man.
 Well, thank you, Dan.
 Thank you, Kenya.
 Thank you, my, for jumping on the first half of the marketing secrets live show.
 For those who are on live, this has been, this is fun.
 So we're going to have two more sessions of, of, of this live podcast.
 If you're listening to the recording of this, make sure you go to clubhouse with Russell
 dot com, go and register.
 And that way in the future, when we go live, you'll get notified on your phone and you
 kind of hang out with us live and, and have some fun.
 Hey, everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community, which means you can text me your
 questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Okay.
 Now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back
 a message where you can add me to your phone.
 And then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community is
 where I'm going to be giving you out free swag, giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-379-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
