 Good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson. I'm gonna welcome you to the marketing secrets podcast today
 We're gonna be talking about
 Success what it actually takes
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money for our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone, I hope you guys a lot an awesome
 Weekend I guess depends where you listen it's gonna be the big day could be Wednesday could be Friday
 But today for me is Monday and I'm heading out and I am super excited for today Todd and Ryan and the whole
 Development team are all flying in the boys
 So we'll be doing a huge hackathon code and stuff shipping stuff
 And new things are gonna be coming out inside of ClickFunnels and you guys are gonna be freaking out. It's so exciting
 So that's number one
 But last night my wife read me something and I was like in bed jumping around exciting because it was so cool
 I want to share with you guys today
 So if you're gonna want to back you up so do you remember I went on my secret Illuminati man trip with a bunch of awesome dudes
 And we like had emotions and feelings and stuff and it's really kind of awkward
 No skin it was amazing
 but one of the guys who was there I knew most of the people there because most of them like were
 marketers and you know people that had been aware of but one that I didn't know was the guy named Dave Hollis and
 It's kind of funny because he felt the same way. I mean we first met the very first time
 He was like so I kind of every else does but like what do you do? I saw a video you jumping around like I'm like
 Yeah, that's pretty much what I do I jump around I'm like what do you do?
 He's like my wife jumps around and it's kind of like this awkward like cool
 And then like we awkwardly walked away from each other like introverts typically do I guess I'm introverted
 He's probably not
 but then though like over the next two days I got to know him better and like just
 Like he's awesome like just one of my favorite people
 I've had a chance to bump the two in this world super impressed with him and more get nobody him
 They got about what his wife does and I'm not gonna go into big detail
 But his wife is Rachel Hollis and those who if you are a woman
 I guarantee probably are no one or if you're a man ask your wife they will already know cuz I told my wife my god
 I met this guy named Dave Hollis and his wife
 Super successful woman and she's like is it Rachel Hollis and like how do you know?
 She's like I search freak it out like I was short this book called girl wash my face and this documentary and all my friends went to it
 Like on and on and on I was like dang
 Someone back I was like my wife knows exactly who you are and she is freaking out that we're hanging out
 I should have known that two days ago. I'm so sorry. This is
 one of those weird things and
 Anyway, so it's funny cuz that they had done a pod. They have a podcast
 She has a podcast called rise and they're podcast together called rise together. So he told me he's like yeah
 We did a podcast episode about our sex lives and did got like 250,000 downloads the first three days or something
 And so of course that night I'm like in my little room in the cabin
 I'm like must listen to their sex podcast and so listen to it that night and
 And it was awesome like not like I don't know there's a lot of like anyway
 It was like the most respectful like relationship
 Podcast about that topic I've ever heard it was amazing
 So it's worth listening to and and I was like oh my gosh
 Like I see why people love her and him and they're amazing
 And then like I started listening to the podcast and I geeked out for like five hours that night
 And next morning woke up and I came out to him and I was like I was like dude
 I listen to all your episodes. He's like and he told me he's like dude
 I listen to your one-fuddle wave presentation or whatever and it was super cool. So
 And then on the flight home
 I actually flew from there to Dana's dream 100 con and so I downloaded his wife's book
 Which the books written for girls right it's called girl wash your face
 But I was like I want my wife to read this and I want to find out about so I listened to pretty much the whole book on that
 Flight over and it was cool because like a couple things number one. She's very entrepreneurial
 So like I learned stuff about myself which was probably not intended for the book
 But it was really cool and number two it helped me understand the women of my life both my lovely wife
 Cole I am obsessed with and then also
 Like my the other women in my world like Melanie my sister and other people like that
 It just and my sister and like other things. I'm like oh
 Weird now I understand where they're coming from. I guess it was really cool. So whether you're a man or woman go read the book
 But I digress what I want to share to yesterday is actually a story about Rachel
 So at the hanging out with her husband everybody at the at the retreat that we were at
 I learned a lot about kind of backstory how she had been you know the different books
 She'd written she'd been publishing for 12 years
 And she was like a food blogger and then transitioned this other thing and like just this whole journey
 She'd gone on and so anyway, it's been fun over the last two or three. He's been really interested in my wife's been like reading your book now and we're all
 Which is kind of it's been fun like kind of geeking out on their stuff
 And so last night my wife in bed was like hey check out this post by Rachel
 And so hopefully this doesn't cut off the audio night when I read this one
 I'm gonna go over to my pictures and I want to read this to you
 So this is the picture of her imagines picture of her on stage in front of like
 2200 people in the UK and she posted it says today
 I stood on a different continent and gave a keynote 2200 people a decade ago
 I was speaking local mops groups for 30 three days ago
 I got to know for my publisher the girl wash your face has surpassed a million bucks in sales five years ago
 Every single publisher in the US turned down my first novel 2018. I'll take home a seven-figure salary
 After not taking a salary not a penny not even to buy a latte nothing for the previous six years
 Listen up the road to success is a long one
 And the only reason I'm standing here now is that I kept showing up
 I showed up when I was so nervous to speak in front of a crowd that my voice shook
 I showed up to speak for free for half a decade before I ever made a single dollar
 I showed up at book signings and sat for hours praying that one single person would come and buy a copy
 I showed up when there were a thousand Facebook followers Instagram didn't exist. I showed up
 When they told me no, I showed up when I was tired I showed up when I was broke
 I showed up
 For my life again and again and again if you see the success now
 Don't get it twisted it didn't come fast and it didn't happen because I'm special it happened because when everybody else got tired and left the
 Race I kept moving forward even if it fell at times like I was running in sand people underestimate
 How long it takes it will take and overestimate where they should be by now. Just keep going. Oh
 And so I was like freaking out like yes, oh, I think anyone who has
 Has got the top of their craft knows that like I I want to tell like 50 stories about me
 Just showing up in the times the ups and the downs and the trials and the problems and the issues and the
 And every successor I know who comes out as an overnight success like all of the the times they showed up
 And so I want to share it with you guys because I'm looking at her and her husband watching as their empire is
 Exploding right now a million copies of their book in like five or six months is insane. I don't care who you are
 It's it's it's insane, but it was and I'm sure times people like oh she wrote a book. She's overnight success
 It's like no you understand all you have to do in the interim to become
 Who you need to be to be able to serve your people and so I just was inspired by that
 I want to share with you guys because I
 Think it's an important number one
 But number two of those guys who are trying to figure this out and you're still in the spot of showing up
 Like don't give up your message matters. I get can change somebody's life
 I know I can tell you specifically the people in my life who didn't give up who kept showing up
 Who had a huge impact on me?
 And if they were to give it up like who knows read me today, I'm so grateful for those people
 Doing what didn't make any sense to do because they believe in what they had to say and believe in with their mission
 And so for you guys out there
 Keep showing up do not do not give up your message matters. It's important and it has the ability to change somebody's life
 I'm watching now as I've been reading
 Her book and my wife's reading her book. I'm seeing a profound impact and change in my own personal life
 And I'm grateful for her for keep showing up even when
 Nobody was there. So that said I got a balance. I'm late for meeting
 I appreciate you guys all keep showing up and we'll see you guys on the next episode of the marketing secrets podcast
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at experts secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world
 [APPLAUSE]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
