 Hey everyone it's Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast are you guys pumped for today?
 This is segment number three of three of my interview of the interview with my wife Collette
 If you haven't yet make sure you go to honor and fire.com and opt in to the latte mirrors
 I get their free family checklist systems that they posted its free family checklist for entrepreneurial families
 And it's it's amazing what they're doing is so cool
 And I'm so grateful for this interview and that they created a really safe spot for my wife to be able to share her thoughts
 And her feelings and I hope you guys are loving her even one tenth as much as I love her because she is such an amazing person
 And so grateful to have her
 Being able to share some of our experiences with you. So all right with that said we're gonna jump in right now to segment number three
 Of three and these are the last three questions they asked us question number eight
 What ways do you teach your kids about entrepreneurship and finances question nine?
 What advice would you give a highly driven entrepreneurial family in question ten?
 How important is it to have like my have a like-minded community?
 So those next questions. I hope you guys enjoyed the series if you have enjoyed it, please, please, please
 Go to again take a screenshot on your phone wherever you are
 posted on Facebook on Instagram social media wherever you wherever you post and please tag me and tell me why you liked this
 Segment in the session. I would love to hear some of the thoughts and the feelings about why you guys enjoyed this
 Time with my wife. So and maybe if you guys do and let us know maybe we'll do this more often and have her come on and share
 Some more stuff so so excited all right that's seven cute things song
 And we'll jump into the exciting conclusion of my interview with the Latimer family and my beautiful wife Collette
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 How do you teach your children about entrepreneurship and what ways will this give them an unfair advantage in life?
 I think what go ahead. All right, it's one of the cool things we did was a little two years ago. We had Kayla Maddox and Emily
 Come out who two young entrepreneurs and spend like the day with our kids
 Which is really cool and kind of talk to him got him excited about it
 And then Caleb and his dad Caleb
 Kids dad told us that what he did is he gave Caleb the success books and say I'll pay you $20 for your read
 And I thought it was the coolest thing and so we started doing that with the kids and
 You know some kids are more money motivated than others
 But man, they've read tons of success books now a success rich that poor dad for teenagers success dogs
 Gowns read both of my books, which is crazy. I don't understand most of the things dad
 But I read them well actually he's our he'll be nine in August, but he's been putting a little
 MP3 player plugs in his ears and walking around listening. So I think that's cool. Yeah, and so that's been big
 I think
 We brought him to one
 Fotohaki live and if they were young it was crazy was kind of hard, but this year I think you know this
 We're doing a minute event this summer specifically for kids so I can bring my kids to it
 And so it's gonna be it's gonna be really fun to kind of give them
 Into that kind of thing and then the thing I really want to do we have to discuss this, but I
 had a friend her and Ray Perry used to run these
 homeschooling
 Programs and shoot these events where she have a homeschool parents and kids they've come they have speakers on each topics
 What's up top stock market? Let me be real estate when we internet marketing want to be eBay like all these are things and everyone
 Sell the courses and they had the kids each go and buy a course each each
 each each event and I've become their curriculum to learn like I'm gonna learn about stocks and they could be
 connection your own stocks or on real estate where everything was and so I kind of wanted like have our kids pick things
 Like that the summer fact. Oh, this is actually I forget about this. We had this on our family on Sunday
 We're trying to figure like summers coming soon and we don't want the kids to be like
 This all summer on the screen
 And so first right we're gonna do a screen free summer no screens all summer and they were all just like
 What are we gonna do with them all day cuz you're gonna be working
 This sounds horrible for everybody and right okay, let's rethink this and then then like
 When we're important Rico hanging out Brenda Bouchard. He said something really interesting. He said
 About social media one guy there was like out of social media is a waste of time and Brendan's like no
 You understand like I'm not a consumer of social mean. I'm not consuming it
 I'm producing because if there's different is a producer I go in there produce something and I'm done and it's helping other people
 But I'm not so they're consuming other people's things and I was a holler about kids
 It's like right now they're their consumers sit there and they watch some stupid guy with blue air play video games for four hours
 And I hear you're watching somebody else who produce they're consuming and I was like I don't want you guys being
 Consumers like you don't value like the world's like better because you're a consumer you'd be producers
 We talked about with them
 We're talking about like starting a youtube channel and they each of them get thrown a little playlist and say hey every morning
 Wake up and like Ellie's our daughter who's obsessed with the craft channel like they wake up go watch a craft channel
 For your craft you want to make then go drive to the store buy the stuff come back
 Have you in your brother's film it make the craft and edit it
 You're not as much screen time as you want as you're producing
 It's a produced video that you're gonna push publish live and I produce something
 So like our whole thoughts like you only use screen time during summer to produce not to consume and then I thought it'd be fun for them
 It's like there's you know skill share and all these different sites might pick a skill
 You want to learn go learn it and then you make videos of you like teaching it back to people and so that's kind of goals
 Helping them producers this summer instead of just consumers
 That is gold can I squeak in a mini follow-up question to that though?
 Yeah, so like you get excused on it
 I just want to make sure respecting your time and that we're just moving along and everything but this is so so amazing
 but so what's your philosophy just on
 finance with your kids and stuff like
 Okay, because you've been broke and you've had lots of money and you're wealthy
 How are your kids aware of it? Is that something you talk about do do is is the business stuff just your front stage?
 Internet marketing stuff or in the home are you talking about here's what we're trying to do
 We're trying to go to a billion dollars and it's gonna
 We're gonna restructure our org chart in our model
 Are you is any of that happening or is it just dad Russell all the time and there's not a wrong answer?
 I'm just think people be curious and then like when it comes to money
 Do you give them allowance? Do you teach them that they only get paid for value creation?
 Do you buy them a car when they turn 16? Do they have to buy it? Well, how does all that work for you guys?
 The first part of question I have not been good at that like bringing them into what I'm doing more
 I love him like we'll show them fun on our TV episodes and talk about like cool board meetings
 They see a little bit of that but we talked about the finances or the goals or it's actually really interesting
 I'm glad you brought that up just to think about
 And then the other side we don't do allowances they work for money. We have them pull weeds for money. We have them do
 Like us for money. Yeah, it's like here. Do you think here's money because you're alive?
 Allow true allowances like just pure socialism. It's like you have a pulse. Here's the money. It's like awesome, right?
 But yeah, it's because some our kids are super money motivated and some are like down an alley book like money
 The Ellie will do something or like if they she scores a gold soccer we give her a dollar
 So she'll do stuff and then she's a consumer and she spends it like she'll make money
 And then she's drives to the ice to the juice place and she buys juice five second like drives her bike
 Just not drive but rides are bad she gets there
 You know we started doing is our kids love to play games and fortnight and all that and watch YouTube and stuff
 But they can only do it now by spending points and so what they do like when they take out the trash and do stuff
 I we have a little app that we built for my company called automate motivate
 It's actually for businesses, but we use it with our kids
 And so they get they get points since they're doing stuff
 But they can only play game time when they are cash in their points for an hour block of game time and it's been a
 Complete ridiculous success like every day and they come home
 They're just like what can I do? I'm gonna and they do it and then they can you know earn 30 minutes a game time
 It's kind of gamified that but it's not money directly and there's different things in game time or go to movies with mom or something
 It's been interesting with some of our kids want to buy game time and then the other one is like what can I buy on Amazon right now?
 Like yeah, he like wants it burns a hole in his pocket. He would ride his bike to the store
 A store was near us who live in the middle of nowhere. That was great. Yeah, thank you
 For all of that so much so much awesomeness question number nine is
 Kind of for other people right like what advice would you give a highly driven entrepreneurial family?
 And what advice would you give their spouse? So sometimes like the man is the entrepreneur sometimes woman is
 Sometimes they both are oftentimes there's one is non-entrepreneurial one is a maniac
 What advice would you say to that young couple?
 It's about to go down this crazy up and down have to fire
 They don't even know they're gonna have to fire 80 plays a one day five years from when they're starting but
 What would you say to them?
 I say on my side like
 I always think like I always tell people it's like you only be as successful as your spouse will allow you to be and
 I'm so if I wouldn't I look at everyone's I ever dated before people and you're like if I didn't very collect
 There's no way like we couldn't we could have got here like it's just not possible
 And I think I'm so grateful for her like how much grace she's given me during the times of like
 The hard times or the low times or the times I didn't produce her time that it show up right it like you know
 It's so easy to hold judgments and to hold grudges and hold things like that
 She's never been that way you know it might be something we get an argument about but then it's like it's gone
 She forgives it's like it doesn't keep lingering and lingering a lot of times you see that relationship lingers lingers
 lingers to point where it breaks and she's never been that way she's kind of like
 It's just she's I don't know she gives me I guess grace is like the word in my head that like just forgive us of like
 Understand you do stuff doesn't make sense. It's not normal, but like I still love you. It's it's it's okay
 So I said oh so hard because I get the question all of the time like at funnel hacking or and people do run into us or
 Like give me some advice tell me what to do
 I've had a couple of women just in tears
 How do I support my husband and it can go both ways and it really made me think so like
 How did I allow Russell to live this dream like how did I allow him to
 Before without me cracking the truth is I did crack
 you know you go through all the things and I mean
 We weren't rich right out the gate and so we had a little family work hard for all that you have and I
 Don't know like so you seeing you like but I want him to live his dream
 I don't want him to be miserable with this life. So it's just kind of and everybody's so different so advice is to me is
 hard because everybody is a different personality, but
 Yeah, I would just say
 Communication because I just learned that I would tell myself younger my younger self that as well
 Communicate and the other thing is do something for yourself like
 so
 The advice to a highly driven like like for instance, he's the dreamer like he's a dreamer and he's always like what's your dream?
 And I'm like I really don't know. Well keep everybody alive keep up the house
 to be this mom like you know and
 But to do something for yourself like go out with your girlfriends and breathe and communicate that with your husband like or your
 significant other and
 Take some time for yourself because otherwise you crack and I did crack a lot. I learned the hard way
 But also like podcasting all of these great amazing tools that we have today
 Like I would tell people that are out in this world to listen to all the positive things like to get through these
 Moments or how to deal with you know a dreamer and
 I don't know
 Yeah, that was amazing. I was like a mic drop. I'm pretty sure you know
 There are always tears and there's always a little something that's just human nature, but we're not perfect
 You ever felt pressure to act like that's not the case. I mean things are weird at home
 you're a public figure because you
 Made yourself internet famous. Yeah thing, but you know what I mean like is there
 What's that like oh?
 What is that like I
 I'm assembling I think sometimes you feel it being for sure you feel the pressure is funny too like people like
 I always happy like you know cuz I'm happy. I'm clicking. Hey, how's it go guys?
 I'm like all right specify, you know
 What see what's actually happening here? We're like set right now, you know whatever but it's interesting like
 It's interesting because I think a lot of times you feel like you got to keep that posture because you
 The fascinating things like the times like don't like times I break posture and like in more vulnerable like
 frustration or things like that
 That's when I feel like more like that's people actually connect anymore. It's funny
 Natalie Haughtson talking to her yesterday. She did Instagram something about like you guys think of a nice cool
 Calm collective. Well, I just screamed to my kids for 30 minutes
 I threatened to throw the TV over like I'm a horrible like all the things like bokarazzat everything
 And she told us
 351 DMs from that one thing I say never that before like that's what that's what draws people in and I think that you know
 I think I feel like we've tried
 you know
 I don't know
 I think there's always some of that but it's trying to be like more like but things are tough sometimes
 I remember we're very first wrestling practice with the kids out in the garage
 I did a whole podcast about like and that sucks like I want to record this now
 So that someday I can like have my kids remember like the first practice how horrible was how mean they were
 They just let like I just try to share more of like the pain part because that people actually resonate that way more than
 in the posture
 People crave authenticity. Yeah
 Russell's gonna choreograph fights so that he can
 I'm just kidding
 Oh, no, I 100% agree I don't feel like
 Sometimes maybe I'm like, oh we get dressed up a certain way. That's why people come up like oh
 I have makeup on but like who cares whatever for just seriously real people
 Yeah
 Okay
 Sure, you don't
 I did that was we just talked to Alison Prince and her husband oh
 He did it twice
 Okay last question
 How important is having a like-minded community as an entrepreneurial family
 like we want to like
 Assemble all these people that care about
 Crushing two comic clubs and doing huge things of business not about money
 It's just who you are it's what you are
 But but equally and more so care about crushing it at home and just just connecting with your spouse and be the superparent
 How important for those people is it to be in community with other weirdos like that?
 I think it's important we had this yesterday your parent interview clad ass down one of our
 Our oldest twin my miss oldest anyway about like what he likes about this thing and he's like, you know
 I don't like being wealthy because I friends it at school and make fun of me being a rich kid
 And it's like oh, you know, it's us right like
 You know and it's funny is then the kid who said that I specifically know who it was
 He told his dad told me he's like he's like my kids
 Asked me how come I don't have my own restaurant or house
 Why can't I get a job like Russell's who they like so it's like funny because like both kids like the opposite direction
 But I think it's important because it's like
 Like we we live differently right like
 Most people they wake up in the morning. They go to 9 to 5 to come home
 They watch TV or they drink beer
 They fall, you know like that's like the majority of the world
 And it's like we're out here trying to change the world
 I have fun and do the things and like thinking about other people besides just ourselves and we're trying to create and it's like
 The more they're around other people doing that the more they're not like embarrassed of it
 It's like I broke my heart right here in that you have six and like God
 That's that's how he feels because he's embarrassed like we need to get them around more people who are creating because because you know
 You hang we hands out
 Hey Kayla Maddox like that night he's writing a book because Kayla was you know like the more you're doing that the more inspires more
 They're able to see kind of what's what's possible
 So I think it's bigger
 He's not we're doing the kid event in the summer so they can get they can plug in that round a couple kids speakers come as
 Well, just so they can I want them to have their eyes open to like oh my gosh
 I could do this too. This is cool. It's not a bad thing. It's a super positive thing and and
 Yeah, yeah, I agree. It's big deal. I'm like, oh
 Like I really appreciated getting these questions beforehand because I really did I was asking my kids the same thing
 And so it's interesting to get each of their you know their perspective, but
 Anyway, well, thank you guys so much. I we're actually part of what we're working on is this thing. It's called the family war plan
 It's not a journal. We're not gonna call it a journal because that's not cool enough
 We're gonna call it the war plan, but it's for families and it has all this crazy stuff
 If if we I don't know when they'll be done or whatever
 But if we get them done in time, we're I want to just give a bunch to click fun
 So give to the families that come to the thing with their kids. Oh gosh
 I don't know if they'll be done or not, but it's so epic and thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you
 Thank you triple. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you and you were fabulous absolutely really good. I'm super fresh
 Thank you, you're natural. I'm not natural
 We're going to podcast together
 Yeah, you did a great job. Enjoy. I'm assuming you're having a day off because you've been doing crazy ridiculous things
 So I'm making him go to zoom but tonight. That's our date night
 Maybe some black male happening here in the future. I just went yes. Zoom was dancing. I did not know that
 Feel his phone like it's like
 Really hard dancing. You don't stop you keep going. I thought it was like a car
 I could work out. I've never done it either. The date told me yesterday that it's that it's salsa dance or something
 Amazing. That's our date. Congrats too on your wrestling thing
 So much fun
 That no one literally does except for life crisis friends. You get back for glory days
 Looks like you're a beast mode though. You're smashing people there
 We only showed you guys the highlights when I was smashing the two I got smashed in you didn't see anything from that
 Did you get wrecked by someone or was it? Yeah, I uh I lost two matches. I won five matches
 So what I'll say done it was it's amazing. You just started trying it. It's amazing a few months ago for it, didn't you?
 We had three practices before we went because I hurt my neck
 It was fun though. We had a great time
 So next year and the kids are the same time. So next year. I'm gonna bring all the kids in clap. We're gonna do a
 Yeah wrestling party
 Oh my gosh, you might be my new favorite person on the entire planet
 We'll bring honey. We'll bring clap honey too from our honey. I don't even know if you like honey. I
 Okay
 Get the bee and put the honey right in the jar for you. No, no
 My gosh
 I assume that's how it works. Yeah, I don't know
 Thank you Russell. Thank you. Thanks you guys. It's super fun. Thank you
 Bye
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert seekers calm
 And book number two is called calm secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back sass startup company in the world
 (applause)
 you
