 Good morning. Good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson and today we are gonna change the world
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so I hope you guys have an amazing day today
 I got so much stuff like amazing things I want to share with you and
 None of ours in the day to share them all so
 First off as I mentioned the intro today, we're gonna change the world for some people
 Today we are officially launching the OUR documentary
 I'm so excited for it's not often you're working on a project that literally when you push the funnel live there will be children
 Who will be rescued from sex slavery children's whose lives will be saved children who?
 Children who are in the deepest darkest parts of hell here on earth
 Love a chance to be liberated and that's what's happening today
 And so you're gonna be part of that like how exciting is that like you guys should all be going to OUR
 Film that org and sharing that link and posting on Facebook and social media and telling your friends and your family
 In fact my sister for crying out loud who doesn't have social media following at all
 She saw the trailer and she went and like all her friends or neighbor
 She went told them go watch this go watch a sign up for it
 You can help little kids and like all of you all of us can do something we can all share this message
 And it's a really easy way to do now. It's tell people to go watch the documentary
 So but finish the funnel way up there late last night getting it done
 And it's almost live and it's so exciting and I'm hoping the other charitable organizations look at the model that we're doing through this funnel
 And you guys model it because I think a lot of good can be can be done with this and so
 Anyway, I'm pumped. I'm excited and that's our biggest thing that's happening today
 So that's number one and kind of what I'm sure that yesterday and man, I'm already at the office to strive to get shorter and shorter
 The other major project we've been working on it that finally went live after like eight or nine months of work is project
 Mother funnel which some of you guys have heard of that before so I'm gonna
 Hang you guys a little bit of update if you haven't seen it yet
 If you go to click funnels calm and you're not logged in you'll see the new home page and a couple things
 I want to talk about some of the strategy behind it because I think I think it'll be beneficial for you guys
 So here's if you're taking notes here's some big aha's you should look at from it and by the way
 the initial conversion rates and metrics from it are
 Crushing it like killing the old stuff, which is exciting. So that's a good sign
 All right number one. So if you notice the video on the page what we did
 When when we the old video had which was the the gold prospector one it was good it it
 converted people but people that converted didn't stick as long like we definitely started churn we saw that conversions go up but
 Churn rate go down or yeah, it sure may also went up
 And I think it's because what happens in our world is some you guys probably know if you're drinking the Kool-Aid
 And if you're listening this podcast you probably are drinking the Kool-Aid
 But someone comes in for the software
 And if they come in just for the software it's like a commodity and their feature shopping and their price shopping all sorts of stuff
 Right and if we can keep them long enough that they get introduced to the culture to the movement to the mission to all
 It kind of stuff then people stick right and so a lot of times it happens people coming off the the funny viral video
 They sign up for thing and then they use software
 They don't use it they leave and it kind of ends
 Whereas when people come in and they they come to an event or they come to a webinar or they experience the energy of what we do
 Then they stick right because they they're attracted to and they stick because of that and so what we did instead of having that like
 Because right now like we just have a click phone
 You don't see that for a couple weeks in before you start getting videos and messages that kind of introduce you to that part of it
 So instead of what we do is we introduce that immediately where it's like that's the first thing
 So if you watch the video notice talks about funnels explains what it is but more importantly
 It's like it's building that culture from day one from the very first second like there's a line in the video
 It says click funnels is not a software program like it's more than that. It's a it's a it's your family
 And like I want that message up from day number one
 So you notice we flip that around so it's like day number one cult building culture building
 All so we talk about is like front and center the very first thing and it may decrease conversions
 But it increases the stick because of the culture now the nice thing is that actually increase conversions too
 So double whammy yay, we want on both sides. So lead with your culture
 You guys don't hide it behind the scenes like we have been doing for last three half years, right?
 Because that's what gets people to stick. That's number one number two
 like years ago I went through
 Ryan Levick's ask method and I always wanted to do it
 But I didn't know how it's a finally we hired this dude one of one of Ryan's clients
 We nicknamed him survey Steve. He's awesome
 He did a huge survey on all our clickfunnels members
 And we kind of found out from that there were like ten segments of people use click funnels
 and each segment used it for different reasons and we need to speak to them differently, but we didn't know how to do that and so what we end up doing is
 Karen on our team wrote an entire long form sales letter for each of the individual industries and then
 Kevin and Brandon we found a case study for each industry when they flew to their homes and film and capture their story and
 It's amazing. So if you go to
 Clickphones.com you watch the indoctrination video and then add to again says tell us what industry you're in and we'll tell you
 It had funnel works for you. So what happens is then if you click on that it takes you a little survey
 We find out which one of the ten industries you're in and it takes you to one of ten for sales letters
 The top of sales letters is the video of somebody in that exact industry who's just like them
 So the same kind of thing is them telling their story
 So you have the emotional connection video and now below them
 There's long-form sales that are showing how people in that industry would actually use funnels
 So it's bridging that gap and connecting it for people. Okay, so ready one sales letter is hard
 Reading ten is way harder. So you'll notice those ten full sales letters all communicate into different market segments
 Which is awesome then Julie Stoyne went through and she found three case studies in these industries
 There's 30 that they're right 30 30 case today videos she created
 The people and so what happens after you go in project mother funnel you tell us what market you're in you're taking the long-form
 Sales letter then you're taken back
 The first email in the sequence takes you back to the sales letter the next three email sequences
 Take you to case studies people who are in the same market as you were in telling their case studies
 You go back you watch the video of Julie telling the case today of this person
 And then it tells me to get a free trial or pushes them back to the long-form sales letter
 It's back to their industries. They go back to that industry
 Oh anyway, it's insanely cool. So the whole follow up sequence whole page sequence whole case study sequence based on all ten different industries
 So just that alone is 40 pages and probably I don't know a couple hundred emails
 And initial conversion of that op-ins are insane
 We're getting between 150 200 more op-ins a day right now
 Which is which is huge and our trial count has gone up about our free trial like by over a hundred people a day
 Just by making those shifts on the organic traffic is coming through. So
 That's exciting then I write some people won't come for they don't come for the industry specific thing right?
 They're coming in and then they're and
 They're looking just for a funnel. So next block on mother funnels like hey
 What's your goal like tell us why you're here?
 We'll tell you what kind of funnel use and then the goals right I want to generate leads
 I want to sell a product I want to run an event or I want to do I want to follow up to my customers
 So it's kind of this graph here
 They can pick like okay
 Well, I want to follow my customers or I want to I want to do I want to generate leads you click on that and take you to page
 It's like cool. There's two types of funnels to generate leads
 One is sell one's an opt-in funnel
 I explain that one is an application funnel explain that and like less so which one down below and I'll just give you a case
 So you show me exactly how to use it and I'll give you a whole bunch of of those types of
 Funnels you click on that and now it's the second survey, right?
 So what's your goal?
 So it's like a little mini survey
 So the first survey the top block is industry specific what industry you in the second one's what's your goal and it takes you through this
 little survey to figure out
 What's your goal and shares you what funnel you should be using and then it teaches you that funnel that gives you like 20 templates
 Based on that funnel. So there's the second layer of survey. Oh, it's so cool
 So you should go check that out and then we built like 90 share funnel times Jake Leslie
 and a team like 15 designers and and Nick our team's amazing they went out and built 90 share funnel templates on
 All of our favorite best funnels best practices and they're all designed amazingly and they're all in there as well
 Then the third block and mother funnels you got industry survey block
 Then you've got the goal survey block which then gives you free templates at the end and then the third block
 is now showing you like by the way clickfunnels replaces all those things like if you are if
 You're like here's how clickfunnels replaces your email editor. Here's how it replaces or excuse me your email follow up
 Here's your so all of our core features. So click funnels the click funnels editor
 Backpack action edX and then pipeline was sobbing or coming soon
 So there's like it shows a computer monitor with those six things
 Like basically this does all your digital marketing and if you click on one click funnels
 It shows you a long-form cells that are teaching you how to use the clickfunnels editor as two part you those one half is
 Strategies here's the strategy how to use it and second half is like a technical doc like step one
 You click here step to you click here step three click here
 So not only is it sell you on how to I mean why you need this feature then it shows you how to actually do it okay?
 The problem the past is usually like there's a sales letter right the sales somebody on something or there's a technical doc that shows
 The technical doc so the technical doc they see technically how to do but not sold on the strategy or they show in the strategy
 They're not technically how to do it. So we decided to mush those two things together
 So the first half sells them strategically and then trains them doctrinally like how to actually use the thing
 And so you get both of those and so we have one of those long-form
 Sales letters for the four core features right now inside of clickfunnels and then we'll be adding it for the two other features coming out later early next year
 Which is awesome and then this blocks not on there yet
 But all of the smaller features inside of clickfunnels like FOMO funnels auto webinars all these other like sub features
 Digital table rush things like that. We're gonna be making long-form mini sales letters for each of those as well
 That'll also be on the home page as well. So if you're looking for feature based things you're like
 Oh, I want FOMO funnels clicking that boom here's the cells that are
 Teaching you the strategy behind it and then showing you the how to set it up
 Much into one sales letters. That'll be the next things are adding to the home page moving forward is all of the sub features
 Which is exciting then below that we have
 Our community so it's like hey if you're funnel hacker here's in front funnel hacking live and then
 And then there's also our two comma club and two comma club X
 So those we talked about those in there and we also have our charities
 So we have world t-trade on the home page, which is now village impact it changed their name
 And we also have operation underground railroad. So all that's on the home page as well
 So if you look at project mother funnel, I think it breaks off to 66 different pages
 It's insane. There's hundreds of emails in the sequence
 But you should go watch it and just look at it and admire it because it's art first off
 I get so proud of it. But second off, I think there's a lot of lessons you can learn from it
 Look at how we're segmenting our audiences look our segmenting based on audience. We're segmenting based on goals
 We're segmenting based on features or segmenting based on so people can kind of find what they're looking for
 And then and move from there. We're leading with the culture, which I think is a big deal
 We're we didn't follow up sequences based on who's coming in what's what's happening and how much other amazing this so anyway
 There you go project mother funnel is officially live. It's not finished though. In fact, it's funny now that mother funnel gate
 And we always code names for the push project mother funnel
 Then there's the spawn of mother funnel, which is all of the 90 templates the Jake and his team build and then so now that it's live
 Now it's not it's live. There's not finished
 We're like now like after you birth the baby there's all this like slime on it
 So in Trello we changed the name from not started that to that column says not started
 We changed it to the baby slime board now
 It's like here's all the babies flying things we have to do to clean off and get seen you know completely done in live
 So there's still things are happening and changes and tweaks. You'll see over the next couple couple weeks
 We're changing the sign up flow or changing the new onboarding. We're changing a bunch of cool stuff, but
 As of right now, I just want to kind of show you guys that because that's that's the first phase. So anyway, it's exciting
 I'm pumped. I hope you guys are as well
 With that said I'm gonna go inside and we are gonna launch the OUR film dot org the video is going live
 Tony Robbins promoted yesterday
 He's got like a hundred and ten thousand views on the trailer, which is exciting and anyway, I'm excited you guys
 We're gonna take we're gonna save some kids today and change their lives and hopefully makes world a little bit better place
 So appreciate your help and support in this. We love you guys. I hope you can feel that through the service
 We cut try to continually give we are here for you and we are trying to make
 Your job as entrepreneurs easier so you can change the world and you're in a little way
 Thanks so much for everything and we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
