 Hey everybody welcome back to day number five of the five day lead challenge congratulations
 You've made it to the end of the challenge
 Day number five is all about how do you get traffic?
 How do you launch your funnel and get traffic coming into it and start getting leads for free now?
 I'm excited when we did this live event Rachel Miller
 So he has no Rachel. She's amazing. She was in Boise at the time and she did this entire training
 I'm showing you exactly how to get traffic and leads into your funnel
 And so if you want to watch the video version of this again
 It's completely free if you go to five day lead challenge calm put your email address in you can go see the video version
 This as well you can see you know me and Rachel right right on the whiteboards
 You can get the one pager you can get the homework assignments all kind of things
 But this is something I want to give you guys now
 So you can get in your mind that just the principles and the concepts behind launching your funnels and getting traffic and getting people
 To come to you so I hope you enjoy day number five of the five day lead challenge
 It's all about launching your funnel and getting some traffic
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Oh, man, I hope you guys have been having an amazing day and watching as you your homework assignments and you post about it
 It's been so much fun to to watch it and I want to congratulate you guys
 We are on day five of five of the five day lead challenge. I don't know about you, but I don't want this to end
 This has been so much fun. How many guys have enjoyed this process? You've had a good time. You've learned a lot
 You've actually done the assignments if you have let me know in the comments down below
 I want to see it blowing up and we'll see all you guys
 and see what you are on the journey, so
 This has been so much fun for us and for our team to put together and it's kind of like bittersweet to be towards the end
 But as you guys know, we're excited because we've decided to do
 One funnel way live and that starts on Monday
 And so for a lot of you guys who want to continue this journey
 We're moving from our lead funnel to our actually sales funnel on Monday
 It's gonna be a lot of fun before you get into that
 I want to kind of recap some of the stuff we've been going through over the last couple days
 Okay, as you guys know on Monday we came and talked about the overarching strategy
 Here's how you generate leads inside your business and why you want to focus on that why lead generation is the lifeblood of every single business
 Okay, almost every business that people call me into consultant like our business is struggling. What's the matter?
 It's usually because they stop focusing on lead generation stop focusing getting new blood into their world, right?
 So we talked about that along day number one
 The number two we talked about building out your first ever lead magnet
 Right taking one of your frameworks and turning it into something very tangible
 Then you could trade somebody in exchange for the email address
 And then we told you guys to go to one pager and actually build it out
 How many has actually built out your very first lead magnet inside one pager?
 I'm curious how many guys did that I mean has enjoyed the process right a tool is super cool and it's really really fun
 And you guys we've given you now for one page is I'm giving you one more today
 With today's assignment and then I've got one more bonus one
 I'm gonna give you this weekend and I think you're gonna like as well
 So the one page is an amazing way to build your lead magnet, right?
 Then day number three we talked about okay now you got this lead magnet you've got this thing of value
 They're gonna trade somebody exchange for their email address now
 How do we actually facilitate that right?
 We do that through a funnel and through the most basic simple funnel, which is the lead squeeze funnel, right?
 pays number one we get their
 Their contact information and then step number two we give them the lead magnet they ordered right and then yesterday
 It's a chance after the lead comes in like you got this human being
 You're now like you've they've they've asked for their they've given you an email address
 You've given the lead magnet. They're all excited now. You're like, okay
 How do we build this connection how we build a relationship?
 How do we do something so that they'll show up when we want them to show up to a live event or if they want to buy a
 Product or service or whatever that thing is and the auto is here yesterday
 And she walked you through her six-day email sequence right and then yesterday
 You guys had a chance to actually use the software the gym Edwards built you guys to write out your entire email sequence
 And then plug it into click funnel time you guys finish that assignment
 If you haven't yet you guys got to go back and do that get it done don't skip any step in the process
 I told you guys on day number one some of our most successful students here inside of our quick funnels community
 we're Brandon and Caitlin Poland and
 It's funny because they bought the same course. I think we sold over 10,000 copies of that course was a thousand dollars course and
 It was the very first one put we put out when we launched click funnels and over 10,000 people went through it
 I remember it was like the second or third funnel like you live they were on stage and they were teaching and after they got on
 off stage
 Brandon told the story about about how they came into our world about the course they went through the course and
 They had three or four people run to make you what was the course you about I want to go through that that course
 And he told the name of the course and they're like oh we bought that course
 I was in that course like he didn't help me the way helped you and browns like cuz you did it wrong
 What you guys did you went through and you listened to the entire thing thinking that eventually you were gonna go do that
 There's actual assignments that you got done and you're overwhelmed
 You don't want to start the very beginning and you ever did anything you say the way we did it right as we started it
 We pushed play we watched it and then we're also said do something we paused it
 We went over and did the thing then came back and push play watch next step and back and forth and back and forth and back and forth
 And I hope that's the way you've been doing this five-day lead challenge if not okay
 When I send you guys the gift later on this afternoon
 I hope this weekend you go back to the very beginning and go through the process start on day one
 Right watch the video do the assignment and day two the day three day forward and then day five and that way that time is finished
 You will have a lead funnel you have a lead magnet you'll have traffic actually coming in and it's gonna be really really cool
 Now today I'm excited we've got a guest speaker is gonna be coming and I'll introduce her here in a minute
 She's gonna be talking about traffic generation how to get traffic and leads into into your funnels
 And she's gonna show you some organic free ways to do it
 Which is really really cool and I'm excited introduce her first here in a minute, but before I do I
 Wanted to go through the one fun way challenge. We got so many questions yesterday
 I think we had two or three thousand you guys sign up for yes, which is exciting
 So first off, thank you. We're excited Monday
 It's beginning okay and make sure you start on Monday you go through the process like I just talked about right
 Go through like watch the assignment or watch the video do the assignment get on the coaching calls and go through it
 That way we have a chance to be successful
 But I'm gonna go through really quickly you guys cool
 If I kind of go through the one fun way challenge again really quickly before I bring out our guest speaker to talk about traffic
 That way for any of you guys who are on the fans to try to figure out if it's the right fit for you or not
 That way you've got all the information does that sound good?
 Okay, so I'm gonna pull my slides with one funnel way here and these are same ones went through yesterday
 I just want to kind of go through them really quickly
 So you guys know exactly what the game plan is so we can pull the slides up here on the
 The podium that way I can see would be awesome
 All right, oh they are the ours my file you click the button okay, so the one funnel way challenge
 This is the program we launched two and a half years ago
 We've had over 70 thousand of you guys who've had a chance to come through this
 In fact how many of us have done one funnel way if you've done it down in the comments either in zoom or Facebook or wherever
 Yeah, let us know if you've done one fun away in the past
 And if you liked it you had an aha if you like an experience
 Okay, we've had thousands of people who finished one funnel way challenge at the end of it have launched a very first funnel
 Okay, it's been good, but I wanted to I wanted to I don't know
 I'm kind of a perfection to spend two and a half years. I was like, oh, I think I knew better
 I think I can do it simpler. I think I can shortcut this this process to make it even easier
 And so we decided this week that we're gonna do one funnel way live every single day for the next 30 days
 not every day Monday through Friday for the next four weeks and take you guys through a process and
 I'm excited because I'm putting together all the curriculum and the one-page years and everything and I think it's simpler
 It's gonna be easier
 I think a lot of you guys can get to the end you have a funnel that's launched and live and it's gonna be awesome
 So that's gonna be one funnel way challenge is like said
 It's never been live in the past. It's always been kind of pre-recorded people watch it this time
 It's gonna be live live. It's gonna be me doing this just like I am right now live for you guys
 It's gonna be really really cool. Okay, and this is the picture me hanging from a ceiling
 I just want to show that basically just kind of show off because look at that. I gotta be I got act like I was
 Tom Cruise a mission possible for one of our ads we made so the one funnel way challenge is kind of fun challenge
 We always say you know your challenge should you choose to accept every single day is this and every day
 We give you a challenge you do it you complete it and come back next day and you kind of go through the process
 Like I said the first ever live one funnel way is starting this Monday
 Which is why it's important for you as it's signed up today before you you forget about it go get signed up today
 And that way you cannot be part of it. So your challenge should you choose to accept it today?
 What I want to do and I want to show you guys the actual
 Like a little promotional video. It's not a minute and half long to show you behind the scenes what one funnel way looks like
 So let's keep that video and watch that right now
 What's the first thing I need the second thing the third thing pretend like these are humans because they are
 There's one funnel way mean like what is the whole concept behind that?
 For everybody it's different for some of you guys you're in a job you hate you're trying to get out of that
 Right some of you guys you are entrepreneurs you got a business and maybe it's stuck
 And it's not where you want it to be yet and some of you guys this one funnel that helps you get the bigger impact
 My goal of this challenge is to help you guys to design an architect and understand what that funnel is and how it's gonna work for you
 specifically
 Belief is the most important part involved in all of this
 I need you to believe this will work for you
 For some reason people think because it's a funnel. It's like this magic nerdy thing. It's like no it's people or people
 This is just a process. We're taking somebody through
 Funnel is like having the best salesperson on earth take somebody through the process to find the exactly thing you
 Difference between what happens here in a store what happens here is not to have a salesperson the funnel does the selling for you
 That's what you're trying to create for them if you do that the increase is the happiness of your customer
 They will increase how much money you make with every transaction which makes it a better experience for you as well
 That's what a funnel is that's the big secret
 Way this challenge is gonna work each day
 There's gonna be new videos unlocked each one's gonna be a mission after that mission's finished
 There's gonna be some kind of task for you to do and then you need you to do it
 Today's mission we're gonna start getting into your offer sequencing or be talking about offer hacking the power of e-covers
 Publishing story squeeze page sales page or a form OTO page how to fill your funnel build out your dream 100 traffic paid side of ads
 This is like the number one rule of direct response marketing a confused mind always says no
 Average attention span of a human being today gets how long it is seven seconds
 It's because of that your website is literally blocking people from giving you money hook story offer hook story off
 I'm going grabbing some of them getting their attention increase the offer you make it better people give you money people give you the email
 Just people click on your ads. That's the magic
 The one funnel away challenge was amazing
 Thank you Russell for changing my life and changing my business a lot of people get into the sake
 They don't understand the fundamentals because of that. It's complicated. I literally feel like I can open up any business right now
 When you understand the base core principles of direct response marketing then funnels become really really simple and really easy
 This process will work for you. It'll change your business. It'll change your life
 But most importantly it's gonna change life to your customers. I
 Mean the two comma call up
 Business is not about you just making money
 But you'll find very very quickly as you go through this process the excitement and energy and motivation for money
 Just last long is to start making money what will light you up is your ability to serve these customers
 This is a dream come true, man. I've visualized this over and over again. You see their lives transform. That's what's gonna
 Like you think that's the key. That's why we do all this stuff
 We do and it's gonna be why you're building your company as well
 Wow if you spend the next 30 days put in the time put in the effort in the energy
 I promise you guys it'll be worth it at the end of this you'll have something really cool to show yourself show your spouse show your
 Friends or your family it'll be like the launch pad for your entire new company
 I need you to unglue from these external things that you're doing and just focus
 It's a lot of work for concentrated period time, but it's worth it
 There's one funnel way and I'm excited to help you get there during this challenge
 Oh every day watch like it's me re excited for the one funnel way challenge
 I'm excited again this time because it's the first time I will ever do this live
 And so I want to make sure you guys are part of it you participated because if you do that in the next 30 days by this time in a month
 From now your funnel will be done. It'll be launched. It'll be live. It'll be so much fun
 So this is how the process works okay number one just like you guys have been experiencing over this five day
 Five-day lead challenge every single day Monday through Friday. I'll be going live okay anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour
 I'll be going live and teach you guys the overarching strategy. Here's the thing you need to know
 Let me pull out of your brain now. You understand. This is the piece you got to understand
 Okay, I give you guys that and then after that then I'm gonna give you one page
 You're just like you guys have been doing the one page will give you the actual tactics
 Hey, you understood the strategy where Russell said and here's the exact way to do it watching do it
 I can just model right push play pause put play pause and just do the assignment at the same time until you're finished
 Okay, and as soon as that's done or if you get stuck and you can't quite figure out something every single day
 We have live implementation coaches. Okay live train starts at 10 you get the one page at about 11 and then at one o'clock
 This is mountain time so two hours later east coast time, you know three o'clock Eastern Eastern time
 We open up for two hours where our implementation coaches are on live
 You can jump in your questions answered you can look make look at things
 They can fix things for you. These are the same coaches have been running OFA now for two and a half years
 They understand the system the process and they understand this as well as I do
 They can take you through and make sure that you do not get stuck if you are stuck
 They get you unstuck so you can keep on moving forward
 Okay, and so that's the power of it is the strategy the tactics and also the implementation
 Okay, again the fight a lead challenge with a chance to go through this whole process, right?
 We figured out what was your splinter result and pull that out from that we built out your actual lead magnet
 Okay, that's what we accomplished this week. We're gonna come up with you over the next 30 days
 Is gonna come up one tier to your core result and we're gonna build a funnel out of that right there
 That's what's gonna be happening inside of inside the one funnel a challenge here's we're gonna build out your actual sales funnel
 We're gonna take your frameworks, right?
 your best frameworks to him into products and upsells and downsails and a whole bunch of other amazing things and
 Again, this is one of the things you don't have to like think about and work on in the future like it'll be done by the time
 The 38 challenges done okay, we can number one will focus on your offer
 We can number two is your funnels we can number three is the upsells in the copy sorry and then week number four is your traffic
 And I'll tell you about after today's session
 We got a special guest coming to help you on the traffic as well and all of this you get be involved one funnel way
 It's just a hundred bucks, okay, and the coolest thing is we also in affiliate program
 We pay out a hundred percent commission means if you sign up you pay the hundred bucks
 You're in there go sign up when your friends and you get that hundred dollars back
 We pay a hundred percent affiliate commission because we just want everybody to come through this process
 Okay, the people have the most success inside click funnels are people who go through the one funnel way challenge
 We've documented proof of that and so my goal is get all of you guys to go through this process because if you do that
 You're likely to success is so much higher and that's all I really care about
 So I want you guys to be part of one fun way challenge again
 It starts Monday
 We're going live if you haven't yet all you have to do is sign up is go to one funnel way calm and it's gonna be awesome
 Okay, all right, so with that said now we want to transition back to the five-day lead challenge so
 Today this is the day where a lot of you guys will start getting your first leads coming into your funnel
 Which is exciting you start getting traffic and getting people to come to you and give you their contact information, okay?
 traffic is
 It's one of the things that a lot of people struggle with that back my third book is you know
 It's called traffic secrets all about different ways to get traffic and there's so many things you can do
 There's Facebook ads. There's Google. There's YouTube. There's like a million things you can do and so we're designing five-day lead challenge
 Mike I want to give people something that's simple something is actionable something they can actually do today
 Okay, and also something that if people don't have a bunch of money or maybe they don't have zero budget
 Do they can also do as well?
 and so I was thinking through this and planning and
 When I was kind of trying to figure out like what the best thing to do
 I was talking to my friend Dean Graziosi and I was like I'm trying to figure out
 You know how to figure how to teach this challenge and he said you know what you should do. There's this person
 She's in your community. She's had a lot of success
 And she's one of the best teachers I've ever met on teaching free traffic strategies and I said who is that?
 She said Rachel Miller. I said I know Rachel. I know who that is
 So I contacted her a couple weeks ago and we started brainstorming and and she's been working super hard behind the scenes to create
 Day number five for you guys. The show is how to get traffic how to get leads and I'm excited for you as a meter
 She's a mom of six
 She flew all the way out here to spend time with you guys today
 Super grateful for taking time with her family to be with you guys and to serve you today
 She's someone who came into our community just like a lot of you guys
 Not knowing a lot of things and she figured out how to do funnels how to drive traffic and now she's one multiple to comic
 Club awards and she's just someone who I've had so much fun last day or so hanging out with her and some
 I'm so excited to introduce you guys to you. So with that said let's put our hands together for Rachel Miller
 Give you the remote and oh, thank you. I appreciate it. Have fun on stage. Okay. Hey guys
 I love organic traffic and I love organic traffic because I remember when I was a mom
 And I was beginning my first funnel and guys I didn't have two dimes to my name
 Not not true. I did have a little bit of a savings account
 But I didn't want to touch that I still wanted to pay for my kids like lessons for their school etc
 And I wanted to
 Grow my business. So I didn't want to spend my savings on ads. I wanted to
 Do it for free
 And it was so fun to see my first funnel and it was an e-commerce funnel
 And it was so much fun to see the traffic drive into that funnel without me having to pay for it
 And that meant that my profits were higher
 And that's what I want for each and every one of you
 I want all of you to be able right now to get leads to your funnel today
 Without having to pay for them. So if that's something that any of you are interested in
 Give us a high fives in the the chat
 Let us know that that's something you're looking for as well
 And we're going to get started. There's going to be three primary places that you go to drive your traffic three primary places
 I'm going to draw them out here because I'm a doodler
 If you've been following me for any time or know who I am you know i'm a doodler
 There's three primary places that people go to collect leads
 And to drive traffic
 The first one is your personal profile
 Every single one of you are on facebook my guess and you have a personal profile
 The reality is guys every one of you you might be saying wait a second
 I don't have anyone on my personal profile that's interested in my topic
 So I can't actually put my offer in front of them and have it convert because they're not my dream customers
 That's true maybe but every single one of your people they know one of your perfect customers
 Okay, they know that
 They haven't just heard of like that's like two 3.6 degrees of separation
 Well, that was before internet with the internet facebook has done like research and everyone is 1.7
 People away from a connection
 1.7
 What that means is every single one of your people in your current network
 They already know your perfect customer
 They already know who would best
 Accept and use your lead magnet
 So you already have the network in front of you you already have people waiting
 Okay, so first off you have your personal profile, okay?
 Every single one of us have profile
 Facebook limits us so when we use our profile
 We can't use it primarily for commercial purposes
 Um, so that means we aren't really supposed to be selling too much from it
 We'll get kind of blocked or put in jail if we sell too much
 Um, we are limited to 5 000 friends
 So it's not scalable and if anyone knows me and knows like my history
 You know that I love building organic traffic
 I don't want to stop at 5 000 people hearing about me hearing about my websites and my products
 I want my products to go to hundreds of thousands to to millions, right?
 So I don't want to be capped by 5 000
 But this is where you start if you've never
 Run started a facebook page. You don't have a group. You have nothing you can still get leads to your um offer right now
 Okay using your personal profile
 Next one is a group
 A group is something that you're going to want to join
 You're going to want to join groups on facebook and that you just go to the upper left bar on your desktop and facebook
 Up at the top and you type into the groups up there you type in what your niche topic is
 So if you're into like potato guns you type in potato, not guns guys don't do guns
 Um, but you would type in what it is that your niche is you would type that in to the search bar
 Not guns there that's a band category on facebook. I don't know why I went there
 But my point is guys you're going to want to use that search bar type in what your niche phrase is
 So if you're a cats audience, you would type in cats if you sell pool parts
 You would type in pools right and pool parts you would type in your niche and then you can find groups to join
 You're going to want to join those groups
 You can use other people's groups to grow your leads and still be a good guest
 So you're not there necessarily to poach if you come in or we'll talk about that in a second
 I'll talk to you a second about that
 You can use other people's groups to attract leads, but you can also grow your own facebook group
 And i'm going to show those of you who already have a facebook group already
 The different ways that you can bring leads into your facebook group
 Using the groups that you have and lastly we have a facebook page
 Every single business needs to have a facebook page. That's how you act like an adult business on facebook
 So if you don't have a page yet, well inside one funnel away
 I'm going to show you how to build one. Okay, and how to build it the right way so you're set up for traffic
 Um, that's coming for you guys, but yes
 So if you don't have one sign up for one funnel away because we're going to show you how to create it
 If you already have one i'm going to show you the different places to to grow
 Okay, so first thing you're going to want to do if you have a personal profile, which you all should have
 Is you're going to want to have um set it up
 Set it up
 for trust
 What do I mean by that?
 What are those things?
 Russell talks about this as the attractive character, right?
 What are those things about you?
 Yeah, yada talked about this yesterday about you're going to tell your story in a way that brings people to you, right?
 What are those things that you have in common with your audience?
 What are those things that you have in common with your audience the perfect person for you the perfect customer?
 What are those things you have in common with them?
 Set that up on to your profile as trust factors. So your profile because it's personal
 Has those things on there that attracts your perfect person for me guys. I'm a marketing mom
 I love geeking out about business, but I also
 I best help moms and other parents um grow their audiences and grow their businesses
 So for me, I have my kids on there because I know that's going to tell my perfect person when they're snooping on me that
 Wait a second. She's just like me if she can do this with six kids and they're all like crazy and
 Whatever I can do this too. So set it up with trust factors then after that you're going to want to post
 a sifting question
 I
 Post a sifting question now inside of one pager. We've given you sifting questions
 And i've given you three days worth of sifting questions
 I've got day one where you help them self identify
 I've got day two where you tease the fact that you have an offer for them
 You've got a journey that they're going to go on and then day three where you literally say hey guys
 Um, I just made this lead night. Y'all want it?
 You can literally sell or get people onto your list with your personal profile alone
 But like I said guys you're capped you capped by 5 000
 And frankly, I would not have had my two comma club award if I
 Kept at a 5 000 person cap. I know I meant for more right?
 So I want you to use your personal profile, but also move through this journey
 Because last one is your cups I'm most trapped. Okay. Last one is friend list
 Now facebook makes it really easy for us to segment our audiences
 What do I mean by that?
 We can go into facebook and we can collect people that are friends with us into different buckets
 I strongly suggest that all of you right now when you post your sifting question
 You're going to see people that reply to you and people in your audience that reply to you the people that you're already friends with
 Reply to you. They're going to reply with like are you a marketer and they're going to say yes
 I'm a marketer or no, I'm not but my cousin Fred is they're going to give you comments
 You're going to go through those comments and you're going to add the people that are already telling you
 They're your dream customer into a friend list that allows you to target content to them without a page
 Without um getting them onto an email list. Yeah, you're gonna nurture that audience separately. Okay
 So you're going to set up this with your personal profile
 That's personal profile
 Now we also have methods to use a facebook group and if you're like, okay, Rachel, you just went like really rest
 Y'all know I talked fast. Um, I want you to know we walk through a step by step of how to do this
 Inside of one pager. I give you screenshots if you're one of those people who just like looking at the pictures and clicking on the buttons
 I give you a 20 minute video that walks through here's how you do it follow along with my mouse and my cursor
 So you know where everything is it's inside one pager
 So, okay, so you have your profile you're going to take these three different steps when you leave today guys
 This takes all of about I don't know five 10 minutes
 You can literally begin putting your offer in front of your perfect people in five minutes time
 How many of you have five minutes to spare this afternoon and you're going to pinky swear with me that you're going to put your offer
 Out to the world your offer is not meant your gift your
 Knowledge that you're giving to the world is not meant for you to hoard and hold on to
 You're meant to make a difference and that happens when you put it out there and you say hey
 Would you like to get my lead list my lead magnet? That's going to help you fix these 15 15 steps whatever?
 Okay, um, so you've got your group next one is groups now
 We've got two different things in groups got other people's groups and you've got your own groups
 In other people's groups. I want you to be the best guest
 This means that you're there to build up the group that you're in
 You are not there to promote yourself. You're there to build relationships
 You're there to build people into your friend list
 And then from your friend list you're going to pm them
 And then get them into your email
 Your job in a facebook group that is not your own is to engage with your perfect customer your dream customer
 So that you get into their mindset so you can answer their questions so that they come to you as an expert
 But you're not there to post you're going to be there to be the best guest
 And I told you how you find facebook groups
 You go up to the the corner up at the top and you type in your niche phrase
 And that's how you are able to find your facebook group
 Be the best guest. I also want you to focus on reply chains
 Okay reply chains comment chains some people call them comment ladders
 This is when you have a question that you ask inside the facebook group those sifting questions that I give you
 Inside a one pager you ask your question someone replies you reply back you reply back open-ended questions
 You get this back and forth interaction with someone
 What happens when you do this?
 Facebook sees that there's all this interaction happening with you
 So facebook drives other people in that group to see this back and forth dialogue because facebook wants people talking
 Facebook wants people staying on the platform facebook wants people to feel connected and not alone
 To get to do okay next up you also have your own facebook group
 So if you have a facebook group right now, there's four ways that you can drive traffic with it
 And i'm just going to cover them up here. It's going to be your cover your description
 Your announcement post and the welcome questions
 There's four ways to grow your own your lead magnet in your own facebook group
 You can put a cover up there if you go right now to my facebook group is called grow your audience
 You can see at the top. I have a lead magnet up there a lead magnet that I built using click funnels
 A lead magnet that i'm using every single day to add people to my list
 Hundreds of people without any ads you guys can do the same exact thing and it's passive
 You set this up once and it runs for you for like until you turn it off
 Change your cover so you've got your cover your group description
 You've got an announcement post and you've got welcome questions now if you are like, I don't know what to do
 I don't know where an announcement post is. I don't know what to do with a welcome question
 Could someone just give me welcome questions? I could copy because I don't want to have to think about what i'm going to write and say
 Guys, I've got all of that for you inside of one pager. So we've got that for you and then lastly
 You get to grow your audience grow your leads using your page
 And just like before we've got covered description post we've got cover
 Description and announcement post that's when you pin a post into your page. We also have
 comment
 and responders
 Now a lot of you are probably thinking oh my word this sounds complicated
 I'm gonna have to comment back and forth. I don't know how to set this up guys
 While it is is you post a question onto your facebook page
 Hey, I just discovered the secret hack to fixing blah blah blah blah blah
 It takes two steps. How many of you want the steps?
 If you do comment below because i'll get it to you as soon as i'm finished typing it up
 And then next thing you know people respond and say I want it. I want it
 Now you have some options
 You could set up an auto responder that replies to them
 So even if they're in a different time zone or if you're at the park with your kids
 You can still have the message engage with your audience or you can be like me whenever I forget to turn on my auto responder
 Because that happens you just reply
 Facebook gives us the ability to have saved replies and you just post these replies back to your audience a simple copy and paste
 Guys, it's so easy using facebook pages to send traffic to your audience
 Now all of these ways are organic
 You do not have to pay for the traffic that's coming in those methods every single one of them is free
 And they've worked with multiple people
 Not just me. I'm not the only one Rachel peterson told me that she got 500 people to sign up to her email list
 Overnight using a comment comment thread just like i talked about here reply to molly mohoney said she did
 Akbar Akbar does this on his personal profile all the time
 He does setting sifting questions. These are all people inside the click funnels community who are growing leads
 And if they can if I can you guys can too, okay
 Now the yeah, okay, so lastly I want to talk about some of those sifting questions that you're going to post
 So today you're going to your homework if you could do nothing else
 It's to post a sifting question onto your personal profile and onto other people's groups or into your own group if you've got one
 And the and remember the goal here is to get that back and forth reply chain. Are you a marketer?
 Tell me are you a dog owner? Are you someone who's a farmer? Are you someone who's interested in business coaching?
 Okay, have you had a business coach before tell me what was your experience like?
 Those are all sifting questions are you a that's one of your sifting question options
 Another sifting question you could ask is you know your a blank when
 Fill in the blanks you literally ask your audience to fill in the blank. You know your i dog trainer when
 Fill in the blank. You know you're a pool parts owner when fill in the blank if you're collecting pool parts stores
 Okay, those are sifting questions. I want you if you do nothing else
 Let's say you're like, I don't even have time to open the one page or Rachel
 Post his sifting questions first are you a and then after that? I want you to uh to help them picture their win
 Who has a win about training their dog? Who's overcome a problem? Train their dog? Tell me about it
 Let your audience talk about their own journey towards that success
 As they tell you their story
 They're going to fall in love with you a little bit more and they're going to be willing to let you tell your story to them
 And then
 The third sifting question you want to go and order guys because if you go too fast into I got this lead magnet for you
 And it's going to change your all life and y'all need it right now
 If you jump right to that you're going to probably turn them off a little bit
 Even when they're your dream customer
 So the third time is I just created this this massive
 Checklist of all the different ways you can um all the different meals you can have for your kids for lunch
 So you don't ever have to wonder what you're going to make for lunch again
 I just created this list who wants it just shoot down your email and i'll get it to you
 Guys you should be posting these on your profile on your page in other groups in your own group
 And uh, yeah, I can't wait to hear that you've done this
 When you've collected your people and you've attracted them into an audience and you give them your lead magnet
 Now you've got an email address that you can control that you can own
 So Russell's going to be coming back in here in a second here guys
 But if you leave with nothing else I want you to leave knowing that you're going to be creating a sifting question
 For your profile and you're going to collect those people
 Into a friend list that you can target again and again
 You're going to collect them in other people's groups
 Not in a way that poaches not in a way that's inappropriate
 You're going to be a good guest. You're going to love that audience. You're going to serve that audience
 And you're also going to do this with your facebook page
 and
 Russell should be coming up back here in a second guys
 But I can't wait to help you guys grow your own
 Lead magnets and throw your own list using these tactics your profile
 Groups yours and someone else's and your page and you're back
 Thank you guys. Thank you. I appreciate you. All right, so a couple cool things
 So anyone who's like going through this and see like this is amazing
 Um, she created one pager for you guys that how do you see the actual taxes if we're actually doing doing the actual work
 Um, let's have them pull up. You guys want to pull the one page real quick. Let's see it actually you want to show them what
 Uh, does it come with this? It should be that she's pop right here and then
 I'm trying to go here. We go. You got her here. Okay. So this is you're explaining your one pagers. Everybody. Yes. Okay, she put this together by herself though
 Which is pretty cool. Yeah, my future is a lot of fun
 It's a lot of fun. We put all guys. I put upload the images
 It's really simple to create your own lead magnet using one pager. So you can scroll through here
 I don't know if it scrolls or not, but oh it does look at that. How cool is that?
 I'm not controlling the remote guys on that one
 Okay, I tell you the steps to do and in each step. Oh, can you scroll back up again so I could show them?
 Ah, I don't know if I could point
 Okay, so in each step you're gonna see little arrow off to the side a little like little box with comment little bubble
 There you go. The the cursors on it that little bubble will help you um when you click on it
 It's gonna give you the actual swipe copy. It's gonna like so you're like, I'll reach a settle these sifting questions really fast
 What should I post it's gonna give you the swipe copy there. It's gonna give you screenshots
 So if you're like, okay, how do I make an announcement post?
 Well, there's these three little dots you poke you're push on and it says make an announcement
 It's gonna show you exactly where those dots are
 So we've got all of that for you inside this one pager step by step
 If you give me 15 minutes today literally guys 15 minutes, you can get free traffic
 It doesn't require a lot of time. It doesn't require a lot of effort
 It requires 15 minutes and I know you guys can invest and love on your people enough to attract your audience and build your audience
 Give me 15 minutes guys. Give me 15 with this one paper
 That's awesome. Yeah, you should go back to the to the top of it real quick too
 I'll grab this and this is the video to you've watched the video that you'll see Rachel actually going through and showing you guys
 It all in action, which is kind of cool. So favorites like okay
 I understand conceptually like that's gonna show you exactly step by step and those pink glasses are amazing. I'm not gonna lie
 I
 Give you awesome. So I just like that you guys excited now
 You start to see like how to start getting traffic and getting them into your into your uh in your funnels
 You start building your lead magnets or building your leads, which is which is exciting
 So, um, thank you so much for doing this and for for sharing with everybody. I think she did an amazing job
 Which was really fun. Um, okay, so before before we kind of end today
 I know before I start I was talking to about one funnel way and I would love for you to kind of tell your one funnel way story because
 It's kind of a kind of embarrassing funny story
 So, um, uh, a couple weeks ago when I first reached out to Rachel about coming and helping with this
 Um, I messaged her on facebook and I was like, oh, she messaged me before so I started scrolling up
 And back like four years ago when you first came into our world
 You were messaging me like asking customer support. How does click photo? I can't figure out
 And I wanted immediate customer support help at 10 o'clock at night. This time you guys didn't have somebody there at 10 o'clock at night
 So I thought maybe I could just p.m. Russell
 We've always because we're so proud of you
 Unfortunately, I didn't see him but but it's cool because she went through that and then started building phone
 I would love you to just kind of tell your like your one funnel way story how you went from
 From coming into this world. A lot of people who are here are like like this is their first step into the click funnels world
 And like this is a lot of stuff. It's confusing. It's fun. Like all those things. I love here kind of your story
 My first funnel it was it was profitable
 So I'm grateful for it
 But I I want everyone to know that you are one funnel away from making a massive impact
 But it might take you a couple tries
 So it was the first funnel
 So I think mine was like maybe the fifth
 But my first funnel was profitable
 So that gave me hope that it gave me the belief the knowledge that I could trust this process
 That I could follow the steps that Russell broke down and do this one thing and take that next step and do the next step
 And I could have that the funnel work and so I drove traffic in organically with my first funnel
 I told you guys it was an e-commerce funnel for a central oil jewelry of all things and it converted and I earned
 A profit with it. I was so grateful and excited and it gave me the taste of the funnel that ended up bringing in the multi-ends
 That's awesome. Um, which is so cool. Especially the fact that when we talk about
 Last day or so about like your life is not
 You know you got six kids no all the similar age like all sorts of stuff is chaos. It's like I couldn't be employed guys
 Like no one will employ me and I have to take too much time off and
 Yeah, it's just yeah, it's awesome
 So I wanted to give you guys hope and faith and belief in this stuff because again
 A lot of you guys this is your first kind of step into our world into our universe and I'm sure some of these things are overwhelming
 Some of you guys are like this is basically for all these things some of you guys are like this is a whole new
 A whole new like education like these words. I've never heard of before
 I just want you guys give you guys belief like like it's not that hard to figure out
 You just kind of go through the process. We're trying to make as simple as possible
 But as you start learning it, um, it was like in the the ofa video one guy says like I feel like I can launch any business now
 And that's how I felt like my first one again
 It wasn't my multi-million dollar funnel my potato gun like like this was this was literally my very first one and I did it
 I was just like okay
 I made some money with this but like now I know how to do it for any bit
 I take potato can out plug in any business and I can do it
 And so my goal for you guys is to learn the steps and learn the process because after you've done it once
 Then you start understanding the process and it's like hey take out your sensual oil jewelry
 I didn't know that's what I'm doing
 And plug in this course or this product of next thing
 And then next thing after that I plugged in I think a meal plan
 And then people were like how are you driving all this traffic for free?
 And uh, that's that's fun. You plug in traffic. It's awesome. Okay, so everyone who wants the one pat me is what uh rachel's one pager right now
 Let's throw the link down below so yes and go and get that
 So there's the one page five daily challenge.com slash launch
 This is the one page just gonna show you exactly how to launch your lead funnel get out into the world and get traffic coming
 Get your first leads coming in which is gonna be super super awesome
 Okay, now I have a question for everybody at home because um
 Uh one of the biggest the hardest these people have is traffic, right?
 Eventually if you're the product throughout the funnel it goes pieces in place and then the traffic is the thing that people get stuck on
 And obviously you had a chance to share kind of the foundational beginning parts
 But um in the one funnel way challenge one of the biggest things people have is that we build out there very first sales funnels
 They they need more traffic right more things so um i'd be curious like would you be how many
 Guys would like rachel actually come back and teach inside of one funnel way challenge and spend four or five days with you guys
 Going deep on more traffic strategies building upon this you get more traffic into your actual sales phones as well
 I can't see everybody's hands i'm curious
 So i'm excited because i'm sorry about that because you're gonna be helping teach inside of one funnel way which is which is awesome
 So um you guys cool if I kind of go through one funnel way one more time and then we'll wrap for the day
 Okay, i'm gonna pull up the slides one more time
 I just wanted to um to bring that because uh when we start planning this i uh and she agreed to come to the five-day lead challenge
 I was like do you want to stay for a little longer and help us with the one funnel way challenge because as we do new curriculum
 It'd be so fun. So she's gonna be coming in um in the very first week
 There's some foundational stuff for traffic we're gonna be set up and then I think we're gonna create your page
 You're going to create content for your page and honestly you'll have your content made
 Like for life so you don't have to post and then how to drive traffic to that offer that hook that story get it out to the world
 Your your funnel's not meant for you
 Oh, it's gonna be so awesome. I'm so excited so i'm gonna go through one more time real quick
 So get into one funnel way challenge um if you guys have enjoyed this experience this week
 I hope you have um we are extending it and we're starting one funnel way challenge on monday
 This whole challenge is about generating a lead magnet and driving leads and getting traffic coming in
 The next one's about building out your very first cell funnel how to start selling so start making money
 My goal for you guys is by the end of the one funnel way challenge is get all of you guys into what we call the one comma club
 Well, you guys are about a two comma club, which is there's two commas and a million dollars
 That's the the awards everyone has that are trying to earn um, but my goal is one funnel way challenge not to
 You know do anything crazy
 I want you to learn the process and hopefully at the end to build a win one comma club award
 And we do send out certificates and t-shirts and stuff for that, which is really really cool
 We've had thousands of people who have won those and that's my goal
 Uh, well you guys go through that process and have success. So one full way challenge like I said starting monday
 There's picture me hanging from ceiling. I'm just gonna show that every time I talk now on because
 Come on now. That's amazing
 Again the first one everyone uh doing live is starting this monday
 We've had over 70 000 people go through the first version. This is the 2.0. It's new. It's exciting
 It's gonna be fun and uh, it's gonna be live this week, which is gonna be cool
 Um, and again, I'm watching guys the video and this time when you guys watch this video
 I know we watched it earlier today. It's about two minutes long
 But I want you to watch it because uh, I want you guys to just like put yourself in the perspective of you sitting there as a student
 And then when you start showing success stories people winning the two comic book awards of that
 I want you to just imagine and visualize yourself for a moment
 Um experiencing that
 Okay, I mean the business is business is amazing
 But it's all about for us as entrepreneurs like we need a set of goals or working towards something
 If you can feel that for just a moment during this video
 It's gonna give you the motivation you need to really drive deep and have some fun with this
 So let's watch the video real quick put yourself in the place of learning this stuff experience it
 And as you see people holding up two comic club awards, I want you to visualize that
 I want you guys on stage at two uh funnel hacking live getting your award getting your plaque getting your thing because um, that's the
 That's the goal for people here inside of uh, the the click funnels community, you know most
 Most professions think about like musicians or movies like like there's the emmys and the grammys always award shows
 Because with entrepreneurs, there's not like it's kind of it's kind of a lonely job a lot of times
 And so the two comic book awards are versions of the emmys or the grammys
 And it's the the thing that all entrepreneurs should be striving towards
 I want you guys having that and setting that as the goal because it's happened
 We've given way over a thousand two comic cup awards now, which is crazy
 Since we started click funnels a couple of years ago and um, I want you guys to be on stage next
 So with that said let's watch this video and put yourself in the spot as these people are getting their awards
 What's the first thing I need the second thing and the third thing pretend like these are humans because they are
 Where's one funnel way of me like what is the whole concept behind that?
 For everybody it's different for some of you guys you're in a job you hate you're trying to get out of that
 Right?
 Some of you guys you are entrepreneurs you got a business and maybe it's stuck and it's not where you want it to be yet
 And some of you guys just want funnel that helps you get the bigger impact
 My goal of this challenge is to help you guys to design an architect and understand
 What that funnel is and how it's going to work for you specifically
 Belief is the most important part involved in all of this
 I need you to believe this will work for you
 For some of these people think because it's a funnel. It's like this magic nerdy thing. It's like no
 It's people are people. This is just a process. We're taking somebody through
 Funnel is like having the best self-person on earth take somebody through the process to find the exact within you
 Difference between what happens here in the store what happens here is not enough to have a salesperson the funnel does the selling for you
 That's what you're trying to create for them if you do that is it increases the happiness of your customer
 They will increase how much money you make with every transaction which makes it a better experience for you as well
 That's what a funnel is. That's the big secret
 The way this challenge is going to work each day there's going to be new videos unlocked
 Each one is going to be a mission after that mission is finished
 There's going to be some kind of task for you to do and then you need you to do it
 Today's mission we're going to start getting into your offer sequencing
 We're going to be talking about offer hacking the power of e-covers publishing story squeeze page sales page or for oto page
 How to fill your funnel build out your dream 100 traffic paid side of ads
 This is like the number one rule of direct response market a confused mind always says no
 Average attention span of a human being today gets how long it is seven seconds
 So because of that your website is literally blocking people from giving you money hook story off hook story off
 Going grabbing someone getting their attention increase the offering make it better people give you money
 People give you the email address people click on your ads. That's the magic
 The one funnel away challenge was amazing
 Thank you Russell for changing my life and changing my business
 A lot of people who get into the sake they don't understand the fundamentals because of that it's complicated
 I literally feel like I can open up any business right now
 When you understand the base core principles of direct response marketing then funnels become really simple and really easy
 We don't want to come a club
 This process will work for you. It'll change your business. It'll change your life
 But most importantly it's going to change life to your customers
 I mean the two comma club
 Business is not about you just making money
 But you'll find very very quickly as you go through this process the excitement and energy and motivation might just last longest
 After you start making money what will light you up is your ability to serve these customers
 This is a dream come true, man. I've visualized this
 Over and over again, you've seen their lives transform. That's what's gonna light you
 Okay, that's the key. That's why we do all the stuff we do and it's gonna be why you're building your company as well
 Wow if you spend the next 30 days put in the time put in the effort putting the energy
 I promise you guys it'll be worth it at the end of this you'll have something really cool to show yourself
 Show your spouse show your friends or your family. It'll be like the launch pad for your entire new company
 I need you to unglue from these external things that you're doing and just focus
 It's a lot of work for concentrated period time, but it's worth it
 Just one funnel way and I'm excited to help you get there during this challenge
 All right, how many guys are officially ready to go on the next step in this challenge and go to one funnel way
 Um, I'm so excited for you guys again. I'll walk you through the process
 You guys have been going through the last five days. No works at 10 mounds time
 So noon every single day Monday through Friday. There will be a live train like this. I'll be on stage
 Rachel will be on stage will be giving you guys the next piece, right?
 You'll watch the video like this the strategy you'll see is doodle out on the whiteboard
 Then you'll be given number two
 You'll be given one page immediately afterwards you have a couple hours to start going through the one page during the homework assignment
 And then at one mountain time which is three eastern time every single day our implementation coaches will be on live
 You can jump in there for a couple hours. You can come in there get your questions answered
 Get if you're stuck get unstuck all sorts of stuff
 We've had amazing support team and community everyone who's in the one funnel way challenge will be in a separate facebook group
 Um just everyone who's going through it together that way you can meet partners. You can get to know people you can network you can like
 Like you can bounce ideas off other people are going through the process at the same time
 Make it's one of the most powerful communities in the world
 And you can only be in that community if you are part of one funnel way challenge
 In fact all the videos will stream into that private facebook group
 That's where the training will happen. So the connection will happen. It's where the implementation like all those things happen there
 And it's going to be so much fun. Um again if you look through how this works during the five day lead challenge
 We focused on figuring out your splinter framework. We turned it into a lead magnet
 Okay for that for one funnel way we go one tier up to your core result
 And we're going to turn that into your very first sales funnel. Okay, you're gonna create a product
 You have an order for bump an upsell a downsell and thank you page
 So that that's where the funnels go back going to be building over the week
 Uh on top that we're going to build out the sales of videos
 Uh the products the like all the stuff will be done by the time it's finished
 And then you'll be coming in and showing them how to dump tons of traffic in the front
 And then uh and you start growing the company it's gonna be so much fun
 So that's what the weeks look like number one focusing on your your frameworks your offers your funnels your upsells your traffic
 And again all it costs to get involved is a hundred bucks
 Um, that's like three dollars a day to have us coach you which is pretty uh
 Pretty good. Uh pretty good feet and again. Um, we have an affiliate program
 So after you sign up you can become an affiliate and uh we could pay a hundred percent to affiliate commission
 So that means you sign somebody up you get a hundred dollars
 So what a lot of people do is they sign up to pay a hundred bucks
 They get three of their friends and they make 300 bucks and they're already like making money before they even start the process
 And so um that's the big thing because like and we're here because we want you guys to be successful
 More than that when they bring their friend in they have an accountability buddy
 So they're not doing this alone
 You're doing this with someone who's cheering you on and in your in your court
 It's yeah
 Oh, it's so much better that way like um watch the videos together go and do the homework assignments like try to one up each other
 So you can do better on that and then it makes the process a ton of fun
 And so again, it's starting Monday guys. I want you to be part of it
 Um, all you got to do to get started right now is go to one funnel away.com. That's the link
 That's what the sign up processes and uh after you sign up you'll be getting email so it's this weekend with all the different information
 Uh to get ready for uh for Monday
 Make sure you sign up and get in the facebook group immediately
 The conversations are already starting to happen in there and uh and then it's gonna be fun
 So crazy
 With that said first of all, thank you Rachel for coming and being part of this and helping serve and also helping serve next on one funnel way
 Which is exciting and totally and I want to thank all of you guys like so we had 35 000 people who registered for this
 We had tens of thousands of people watch every single day and I hope that uh you guys have enjoyed
 I hope you learned a lot we've tried our best to over deliver every single day as much as we can
 Between uh the live videos the one page is all that kind of stuff
 Um, I got one other thing I wanted to do to over deliver you guys you guys cool for you over deliver. Oh, yeah, make sure
 Okay, um
 When I get down, I'm gonna create a one pager and put all of the the strategy videos from this week in a one pager
 Um and I'll send that to you guys as well. So that way if you missed a day
 Um, you can actually go back and watch that I know a lot of people were freaking out
 It's like I missed a two because whatever
 Um, and so I will create that uh later on for today and send it out that way if you missed one of these videos
 You have this weekend to go through it watch it get through the one pagers
 Uh get these things done and launched and live that's our goal for you
 And so again, I want to thank you so much for being part of this
 Thank you Rachel for being part of this and uh with that said we'll see you guys on monday
 At the one fun way to challenge again if you're gonna be taking shit go to one fun away.com and we'll see you guys on monday
 Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone
 I post it to facebook instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this
 Episode and what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also, Dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bs
 Letter.com not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 There'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bs letter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
