 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the Mark and Seekers podcast.
 Today, I want to talk to you as a little about legacy and what that actually means.
 I had a friend who passed away yesterday and still kind of dealing with it,
 but because of the legacy that he's created and what's happening,
 that's the thing that's that's helping me to
 process this and to be okay with it. And I want to show us to you, hopefully gives you guys some meaning for the work that you do as well.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Mark and Seekers.
 All right, everybody. So yesterday we lost somebody who
 honestly, one of the people, I didn't get to know him super well.
 I talked to him a few times, watched him speak, and then
 you know, I had messages back and forth through through Instagram and things like that.
 That's something I have a ton of respect for. His name is Colin Karchner.
 Some of you may have heard of him before.
 And first I'm hurt him because he came to Boise, I know, and he did an assembly at our kids school talking to them about the dangers of
 cell phones and social media and TikTok and Snapchat and all these things.
 And man, one of the most charismatic people, funny, like just awesome and was able to connect with kids at a level that
 man, it's just amazing. And you know, ever since I fall in an Instagram, it's funny because he's got, you know, tens of thousands
 of followers. They're all kids. He only falls in one person, which is his wife.
 He's like, "I know it's ironic that I'm on Instagram with all these things,
 but I'm trying to save the kids from these things." And I'm just trying to post these pictures of people who hear him at the assembly.
 It's like, I was planning, came to suicide today. I came to the assembly though, and I realized now it's because of social media.
 I deleted these apps, I changed my phone, you know, got to my phone, and just like,
 person after person after person. If I can go to Instagram and see what legacy looks like, go read through his posts and see the
 tens of thousands of lives that he's affected because of his message.
 And I watched him as he did this. Like, when he came to Boise, he spoke at our school.
 They did an event. We all went to it and a bunch of other things and trained parents.
 And I think he got paid like, I don't know, two or three hundred bucks to come and do this thing, like almost nothing.
 But he had a mission. He was called to serve a group of people. And for him, he was called to serve children, to serve teenagers,
 and to help protect them from the damage that social media is causing.
 And he always used to have hashtags, save the kids, save the kids. And like, man, he was just, and he was consistent.
 I saw him traveling from school to school to school, city to city, state to state, making almost no money
 because he loved the people he was called to serve. How do I save these kids? How do I do this in a way where
 I can motivate them to inspire them? And he had to go through all the things that you guys are going through as business owners.
 He had to learn how to find his voice. He had to learn how to
 have a craft a message, how to keep people's attention, how to find it. Like, all the things
 he went through because he had a mission. And he knew it. And he knew the people he was called to serve.
 And now, just so sad, like he's 40 years old, passed away. And a couple of things are interesting.
 And I've been like all day and all my just reflecting on this. Like,
 I can't imagine my wife and her talking like what happened if I was dying? She was like, what would you do?
 Especially when you're out in the public eye so much. You know, there's, I feel bad.
 His wife obviously did tons of text and messages and she's posting like, no, we're not fine. No, yes, it's true.
 You know, like, so hard. And somebody, I don't know, friends who are going to go fund me a page less than 24 hours ago.
 So less than 24 hours ago, this go fund me page. And, you know, I've donated a lot of go fund me
 things I've never, you know, I went off and I went and I donated. I shared on my page. And then I just
 was kind of watching it as, as it's grown. And right now it's created 20 hours ago. And it is
 about to pass $200,000 in donations. And this is not like a whole bunch of $10,000 in donations.
 This donation is by 3,300 different donors. 3,300 people, when they heard about this tragedy,
 came to this page and donated their 10, their 20, their 30 bucks to show Colin and his family
 how much, how much he meant to them. And again, we're 20 hours in, my guess is within, you know,
 a week or two is going to be 40 million half. Who knows? But man, what a testament to the work this man did, right?
 And I saw one of my friends posted, you know, the thing is that, you know, he dedicated his life
 to saving the children and now his children at home with, with, you know, without a father and
 we need to help save their children. And I just like in tears, I'm like, Oh my gosh, like,
 this man who dedicated and donated so much of himself to save kids. And it's like, what's the
 least we can do? Right? But again, sorry, as I keep thinking about this, I keep thinking about like
 the legacy, like, it's so sad and so horrible, man, this person is a four year old, did this thing,
 put this thing out there and how many, like the ripple effect of this one man's life, like,
 what's going to happen? Like how many other kids that are going to be affected and, and then their
 kids and then their kids and generations will be served because this man was on earth because he,
 he followed the calling, he heard the voice, right? He, he was called the server group of people,
 he did it with his, his whole heart and soul. And it's just, it's interesting, you know,
 you guys have seen the movie, It's Wonderful Life, where at the end Jimmy Stewart goes and,
 or at the very beginning, Jimmy Stewart has a chance to see his life was like, what the world
 would be like, he wasn't born. And you see this like, you know, happens to Bedford Falls, it's just
 horrible. And it's, you know, and then it comes back and he's alive. You see, like, you know, how
 great things are because he, because he, that one person was on the earth. And I think, and I hope
 that someday when we all have a chance to meet our maker that he sits down with us and says,
 look, I want you to see the ripple effect that your life created. And I hope, I pray, I think that
 will be the greatest gift any of us could get is to be able to see like the opposite, you know,
 the kind of like Jimmy Stewart, a little bit different, but like here's, here's the lives that were
 affected because you came to earth, because you followed your calling, because you were willing
 to step up amongst the heat and the pressure and the stress and all the things and serve the people
 you were called to serve. Because what's interesting is it's never just the people we call to serve,
 right? It starts with them. But then it bleeds into their families and their kids and then their kids
 kids and then their communities and like the ripple effect we can never see it. We can never
 track it on our own. Man, how cool that be someday to be able to, you know, we sit with our maker
 and he shows you, hey, this is this is a ripple effect that your life had. And I think in a small
 way with Colin Carter, she's a memorial fund and I'm, you know, that they went up 20 hours ago,
 we'll see the ripple effect. 3300 people in 20 hours have donated 20, 30 bucks to raise almost
 $200,000 so far for this amazing family. And anyway, just one thing that's been sad, sad for us and
 our family, but then I just hope that, you know, things I'm doing that someday I have this kind of
 legacy. Not that I want you, you all, they only need my kids when I die, but just the impact, right?
 Like this one man's life had on the, on the world. And I hope that he is having that chance
 right now to serve his maker and be like, and, and having a chance to, to really understand what
 he did and the impact it really does have. So anyway, I guess I'm sharing this with you guys
 because I know that a lot of times this journey is lonely, it's hard, it's frustrating.
 It wasn't supposed to be easy, right? It was easy then, then, then how would you have the impact, right?
 The, the difficulty of it is I think how you're prepared for it. It's how you prepare for the
 column. Like, how should I say that, you know, this click funnel journey has been all sunshine
 and roses has been brutal yesterday. And yesterday I got beat up bad by four or five different places
 where I was just like, why am I doing this, you know? And then to hear call and sing and like,
 I think the only thing that can be through yesterday was like looking at him and like,
 oh my gosh, look at it. Look at the impact he's having. Like someday I'm hoping that,
 that people say about my life and about my work and about the things I've been trying to do.
 As imperfect as I have been and I will continue to be, I've done my best to try to, to try to,
 to follow what I believe is right. And so hopefully it gives you guys just, I don't know,
 it just gives me hope, gives me excitement, gives me purpose and hope it does for you as well.
 So with that said, I want to thank Colin Cartchiner for his impact on the world. And I want to thank
 you for your impact on the world. Don't ignore your callings. Don't ignore that voice, that tug,
 that feeling. It's just like, I got something in here. I needed to change those life. I know I
 got something. Don't ignore that. I don't walk away from that. That's something that's real.
 It's there. All right. The scripture just says, and many are called if you were chosen.
 I think about that a lot, you know, like, I think all of us get the tug. We all get the
 prompting. We all get the whatever we want to call it right. We're like, I should go help this person.
 I should be doing this thing. I should be creating this stuff. We all hear that. We all feel it.
 Many are called, but fewer chosen because most people don't listen. They don't follow through.
 You're chosen by your actions. If you, if you heed the call and you move forward and you do the
 thing, um, that our maker gives you a little bit more. And she says, Hey, this person was a good
 steward. And I gave him this idea, gave him his inspiration. They were good steward of, let me
 give you a little more ideas. Let me give you another idea. And as you keep doing that,
 keep doing that gives you the ability to have this huge impact on the world. So anyway,
 I hope this helps for somebody that's listening out there. I appreciate you all. I appreciate the
 opportunity to serve you guys. And I hope I'm doing it right. I'm doing the best of my ability.
 I promise you can't tell you I'm asleepless nights. I have just trying to figure out how to
 make sure I'm doing the best things for you guys in the community. Um, a lot of hard decisions.
 Um, but it's, it's worth it. So I appreciate you guys keep fighting, keep, uh, keep having the
 impact and someday of chance to see, um, the ripple effect that your life had on so many people.
 Thanks again. And I'll talk to you soon.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again. And really quick, I wanted to invite you to join,
 um, arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community. And it is a
 challenge we call the one funnel way challenge. You know, everyone in their business, in their
 life, they're one funnel way from something. Some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting
 your job. Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impact. Some of you guys are
 funneling away from growing your company to the next level. Um, and so we created this challenge
 to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel. No matter where you are in your
 business, um, this challenge is going to help you, it's going to help you understand the strategy,
 help you understand the tactics, help you understand all the things you need to be successful with
 your funnel. So I recommend you do right now is stop everything, pause the sideo, go, uh, online
 and go to one funnel way.com. That's one funnel way.com and join the next challenge. There's a
 challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now. One funnel way.com.
