 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast. I hope you guys enjoyed last episode
 on finding your level 10 opportunity. So this is gonna be the exciting conclusion that presentation that I gave at
 Stephen Larson's offer mind and it's not the whole presentation
 but it's the intro I talked about 30 minutes about finding your level 10 opportunity and I think it's the mindset
 I think somebody who will need to to get you hear me talk a lot times about one funnel way you're one funnel way and they think that
 They're waiting for this funnel is gonna change everything. It's like no
 No, I get to do multiple fun like the first funnel your second your third
 You keep doing these funnels until you find your thing. That's what I wanted to share with you guys
 So that's kind of context and with that said I hope you guys enjoy the conclusion of this presentation about how to find your level 10 opportunity
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 They want to fast forward to eight or nine years ago seven eight, I'm so bad at years some people like in 1996
 I'm I can never remember I was in Kenya. That's all I remember so I was in Kenya and
 And it was my wife and I and a whole bunch of marketing nerds
 and most of them had wise to and
 This is back for the female entrepreneurs
 I don't think we had any female entrepreneurs on that trip and the last time I went to Kenya
 We have like half of them more female entrepreneurs. Just a huge testament to the females. I love it
 It's a
 Makes me happy every single time I see that
 But back then we're all hanging out and I remember it could because we did this long
 Ride inside of this little Jeep and it was like my wife and I and then two or three other couples and all the dudes were talking
 Business and all the wives like annoyed so we got to like the stop where we had lunch and then all the wives like
 Do you guys mind if we go in this Jeep over here?
 And you guys go in this Jeep cuz we don't want to hear you talk anymore
 Right, but it's like a four-hour drive like exactly. We do not want to go for four more hours with you guys like oh I guess like
 All right, so we jump in the other Jeep. I'm sitting next to this guy named Bill Harris bill Harrison anyone here no bill
 couple yes, okay
 Bill is a
 Problem the smartest marketing dudes I've ever met so for context. He's married now when I first met him
 He was probably I don't know 50 never been married
 I might got that wrong, but was obsessed with marking in like his house. I saw pictures of you go in his house
 Matching like a bachelor pad, but he's rich
 So it's a big bachelor pad and every room from the floor to the ceiling is marketing and sales books
 They're doing a bookshelf anymore because he can't handle it
 So he's just every single room is just piled with books in fact
 He used to send me boxes of books like his gifts
 He's like hey, Prunce and I sent you a bunch of books and I show up and there's a like a microwave box like 500 books in it
 I'm like are these goodies like oh, they're all good. I'm not gonna send you crappy books like this is amazing
 So Bill's like one of the smartest dudes I've ever met when he comes to marketing and sells like obsessed like if you guys think I'm obsessed
 He's like that's the next level. He's he's awesome
 Anyway, so we're sitting in this Jeep Deacon out about all sorts of stuff having a bunch of fun
 And we're like two and a half hours into this like bumpy Jeep ride talking and he tells me the story that just
 It rocked everything like my whole my whole world
 I probably I don't know six pages into this funnel building at the time like I've done a million different things launch
 But I've had some success since had a lot of losses
 But as a whole we're doing really well and we're sitting there in this Jeep and we're talking and he says man
 It's so interesting. He's like he's like I feel like I'm one of the best marketers and we're like Russell
 I feel like you are too like some of the best like most passionate people geek out about this the most
 Because they do the biggest problem is like what cuz I would love to know like I'm doing well
 But I love to do more and he's like we have the wrong opportunity
 Like what do you mean? He's like and he's goes on. He said I have this friend who he's not a good marketing dude at all
 He's he's maybe like a level two skill set of like being a marketer, but he
 Got into this opportunity with this big company and he was able to apply his level two skill set into a level 10 opportunity
 Is like they just took the company public for a billion dollars
 He cashed out and made the same amount of money is like cuz he had a level 10 opportunity
 He's like if I look at this as I seen this Jeep is like I feel like I've got a level 10 skill set
 And my company while there's really good
 He's like I feel like it's like a level three or maybe level four opportunity with level 10 skill set
 So because I'm only able to get to a certain certain level
 He says the same things for you do
 He's like you're at a level 10 skill set you're looking at level maybe level two maybe level three opportunity
 That's why you're stuck at this at this thing. I was like, oh my gosh. I never I never thought about that
 and I was a little frustrated and I was like, well crap, what's my
 What's my level 10 opportunity? I don't even I don't know what that what that is or what it could be like
 I thought I was doing was good and like if you look at the you know
 I look at the world through my lens
 I'm doing better than all the people around me like my friends my family so put out I'm making more money by like man
 Like what's what is actually possible?
 And I didn't know and I remember coming home to that trip and just thinking like well
 What's my level 10 opportunity? I didn't know but I didn't stop everything like well. I'm just gonna wait till it comes here
 Okay, I was just like okay now
 I know that I'm looking for level 10 opportunity and I want to make sure that as I that when I find it that I'm ready and
 I'm prepared for it
 Okay, if they would have had to be quick funnels and eight eight years ago
 I'm like here run this thing guess what would happen?
 I'm gonna crashed it to the ground and burnt it and it would have been a really bad painful public humiliation for everybody
 Okay, I wasn't ready for it
 Okay, but now I knew like I have my ice I'm going for level 10 opportunity, but until that happens
 I'm gonna move forward. I'm gonna do the next one in the next one
 I'm gonna try I'm gonna try this one and this one and this one and this one and this one and hopefully in that journey
 I'm gonna have faith as I'm running as fast as I can and looking for options
 I'm trying to find some figure things out that the right people are gonna come to my life
 I'm gonna be introduced to people I'm gonna find opportunities and maybe this was not the big success
 But maybe that opens the door for the next one or the next one or maybe I meet somebody through the dealer
 I don't know what that's gonna be
 But I'm gonna run with faith as fast I can and just do funnel after funnel after funnel, but I'm gonna have my eyes open looking for
 I what is that level 10 opportunity?
 Okay, thank you
 And that's that's how it started so from that point four I start looking and as I start looking these weird opportunities start coming
 Into my into my path and some of them weren't really pleasant one of them when I build a huge company up and the whole thing burnt and crashed to the ground
 And that was really painful
 firing 80 people overnight is like
 Is not not fun. I'm not gonna get deep into the pain of that story, but it it was bad
 And I thought like man this whole thing like I don't have a level zero opportunity now
 I got nothing I kept moving forward as I was moving forward
 I was trying to sing after thing after thing and I remember in this process trying a bunch of stuff
 I remember buying this website because I was like
 This is this has got to be level 10 opportunity. I bought this site. It's called champion sound calm
 Anyone here ever heard champion sound?
 No, because it never one person. Yeah, cuz it's one of the ones on the list. He didn't do anything though
 I bought it off flippa.com. I tried to launch it. It didn't work
 We had some people sign up start buying it the software crash
 It was like an email and text message autoresponder for bands. I was like, oh, I thought this was even level 10 opportunity
 Maybe they you know and I'm doing the thing and in the pain of this thing not working
 I was trying to find a developer to help me fix this help me fix this the software and I'd go to
 What was back then up up work or oh, oh desk I came and what I was trying to find
 Somebody to hire to fix the site and I'm trying to think after thing and I couldn't find anybody to fix it and finally
 I was just brushing up my guy. This isn't gonna work
 And so I sent email to the to the host to basically shut down the side
 It's not gonna work like I don't want to support the people because like it doesn't work
 I can't fix it and then I was walking out the door to leave and as I'm walking out the door
 I had this like thought and the thought I just heard for a second it said
 There's probably someone on your list who could fix this for you
 I'm like my list like my list isn't that big. It's not people that are developers who just like
 But I'm like alright. I tried to listen when I hear voices like that like alright
 Let's say I walk back in the office. I turn my computer back on I send an email out and says
 If you know Ruby on rails, I'm looking for a partner and I kind of told my story
 I got the site it's not working. It's broken
 I'm a third away, but if you know Ruby on rails will be partner email me back to send it out there and
 Hour later I get email from this dude in Atlanta who looks like he's younger than me, which is kind of funny
 so he's got a beard and
 I click on it and read things like I'm a Ruby
 developer and I love to look at it if I send the login he logs in I go to bed and I wake up in the morning
 He's like all the all the issues are fixed
 here you go and
 That was Todd Dickerson who?
 Who came into my world and was crazy
 Todd it's fascinating because
 Todd came into my world at the bottom of everything like like
 like broke broke like out of money nothing left and he came in and
 And he came in a weird spot. He's like, you know, I want to come work with you
 And I'm like I can't pay you he's like that's cool all this work for free and you work for free for over a year
 Come in because he was just like the same thing like I'm looking for an opportunity and looking for an awful opportunity
 And so we're like a year into this relationship friendship
 working different projects and went to traffic conversion event together and
 I can tell how I remember how broke we were actually shared a room. This is probably seven years ago now
 So we're sharing a room and that night
 We're walking out hanging out and I see Bill Harrison and we bump into each other again
 We start talking and somehow in this conversation the whole level 10 opportunity came up again
 Which was kind of random because it's just like a like a freak thing
 We talked for like 15 minutes and we left and it reminded me this thing in Kenya that happened a couple years earlier
 I was like, oh my gosh, I forgot about that and so that I told Todd is like look this is the deal like I
 Told you guys about level 10 opportunity and I was like, dude. What's our level 10 opportunity?
 I don't know do you know?
 I'm like crap. We got to figure this thing out and then we're like oh my gosh. I know exactly what it is
 It's this thing and it's gonna be called WP undies
 And we got the WordPress logo and we got someone to design with underwear tidy whities on it
 And we're freaking out excited talk start coding this thing. It's one of the things on this list down here
 I'm not sure which page it is, but we're like dude. This is like this is the big idea
 It's gonna be this thing that you put on your WordPress site like underwear that helps protect it and like a third of all the websites
 The world are on WordPress. It's gonna be the huge like is gonna be insanely big
 And so we're so freaking out our level 10 opportunity start working start building this thing and we're doing it
 and we're building it we find out that like it's WordPress sucks because
 You plug in and up you plug in a thing and then it could be on like 8,000
 Hosts and like somebody shits the hosting over here over here and like after we got thing out there
 We're trying to support like five customers right. Oh my gosh. This is the worst business. We ever were in like
 This is not our level 10 opportunity
 We start freaking out and we're not sure what to do and Todd's flying back to Boise to plan like okay
 What's the next thing we're gonna do and on the fly over?
 Todd's in land lives in land days in the airport like it. I don't know. I was still asleep here boysy and
 It was the same day for me
 I've heard the story for the same day that lead pages got five million dollars in funding
 And so Todd's jump on playing reads this article and then he forwards it to me and he jumps in there
 He's in the air for four hours flying to Boise and he's flying
 He's just live it because Todd is like the most genius developer in the world and he knows that lead pages sucks
 And he's like I can build this today and so I wake up in the morning
 I read his article like lead pages like that's all four sucks like I like we could build this today
 He shows me the office he walks in like little Todd does all angry like oh my boy
 He's like V page about five million dollars. What are they doing that? We're not doing I'm like
 I don't know he's like I can build the pages today. Do you want to build on my yes?
 We're gonna build me pay we're gonna take them out right all excited right like this is our level 10 opportunity
 We'll get five million dollars in funding too. It's gonna be awesome this so we're so excited and then uh Todd asked this question
 He's like well if we're getting set up from the ground up. Do you want to make it better than lead pages?
 I'm like heck yeah, he's like what do you want? I'm like oh?
 My gosh you serious
 Let me show you and I started showing in all of these like I want to be able to do this by myself without you guys
 Because you guys are way too. I I want to be able to do this
 I can't do Photoshop in front page and all these people to do this
 and
 And I started this journey on
 Click funnels. Let me show you guys real quick. You pull my slides up a
 little ton of opportunity
 And this is kind of a side story before
 Somewhere in this journey here actually before I even met Todd
 Wasn't like click problems as unique idea
 I wasn't the first person think that we should build software that makes it easy to build funnels like I wasn't the first person in fact
 This was in 2005
 This was the first time I tried to build it and we called it click.com.com. That would have been confusing, huh?
 I would tell people that thanks click.com and I know it'll click.com.com like wait, so
 What I know it's anyway
 This is the first time so it's like if we could build this it'll be huge and so that was here in Boise
 I ended up hiring six developers
 I was selling all this crap and I was trying to take all the money to build this one like this
 I thought it's gonna be huge 2005 so this is like
 Almost 10 years earlier. We tried this and this is all different pages feel like that's kind of funny because I think we call this
 Was before sales fun we call themselves processes and sales flows before we ever called them funnels
 But we built the whole software we have we designed it we tried to build it and it's just it's funny because I talk about how I got click funnels
 Ten years ago, I wouldn't have been able to do it. It's what happened like we tried it ten years ago before I had Todd another right people
 And it crashed and burned again
 We spent probably two or three years trying to build this round of money during the whole crash
 We gave up on it. That's why when it did me Todd and and I asked him like we build it
 I was just like part of me is like I've tried it before I know other people tried it
 I had a lot of other business partner not business parts
 But friends who sat down like and tried it as well and she it just didn't work right it was a good idea
 It's just wasn't simple to do
 But we met Todd
 And then Dylan it made it possible. So this is a hundred thirty one funnels later
 This is the night that we started on the ClickFunnels project. It's the only picture I have from that night
 Like I wish we would have done more
 So this Todd here on the right hand side
 It's me has no Todd on the left hand side is Dylan and Dylan's all on the part of ClickFunnels
 But he was one of the original co-founders with us
 Dylan's one who built the original editors. I mean you guys like the editor. That's Dylan's brainchild. He'd spent
 Six or seven years prior build to try to build the website editor for himself
 We started going to click phones we partnered together and plugged it all into one one super system
 But I wanted to share the story with you guys because
 Since we were aware of a level 10 opportunity our eyes started looking for it, but we didn't stop
 Okay, and I just want hopefully gives some a lot of you guys out here
 Especially ones who just you've been doing this for a year or less than that or a couple of years who just haven't hit it yet
 You've had like marginal successes like don't don't stop like the key is not waiting for the big opportunity
 I'm waiting for my quick funnels
 It's do your thing as fast you can to keep doing it keep doing it keep doing it
 And as you keep doing it you'll get better and you'll get better and you'll get better and eventually you'll get worthy enough
 And when the level 10 opportunity shows up you'll be prepared for it
 Okay, that's the key
 Okay, so don't get upset like all my funnel didn't work all this thing didn't work
 Oh, well, like it's gonna be tough
 There's gonna be frustrations things aren't always gonna work the very first time or the second time or the third time
 But if you keep doing it keep doing it for me was 131 times
 Okay before I hit my big thing and I'm hoping for you guys you get a lot faster than that
 Okay, but even if you don't it's worth it. Okay, I'm now
 man 16 years in this business and
 You know, it's funny cuz I get people all the time. They're like you guys just came out of nowhere
 It's like yeah 16
 That's a long time I've been focusing on this but something I've been obsessed with and I just kept doing it kept doing it and kept doing it
 And when you keep doing your thing the opportunities appear they show up
 And if you've done that done the work you'll be prepared and ready for
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way and getting more impact some of you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. This challenge is gonna help you help you understand this strategy
 Help you understand the tactics to understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 (upbeat music)
