 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson welcome back to marketing seekers podcast right now
 I'm actually in the middle of our two common club live event having so much fun
 We've got five thousand people registered at about thirty five hundred people on live last day and a half straight
 I'm in lunch break and I realized I didn't have my podcast recorded for this week and so it's kind of scrambling
 What would be the best thing I can give you guys and I remember?
 There's the presentation I did at Stephen
 Larson's offer mind and it's not the whole presentation, but the very beginning I kind of went on
 I ran but I kind of went off
 Because earlier that day I heard a bunch of people talking about like looking for my click funnels
 What my big opportunity my whatever it is, you know and I kind of want to just talk about that
 Like how do you find your level 10 opportunity?
 How do you find the big opportunity that's for you that the year that it was created for you a lot of times people are waiting
 For that to hit them and it's like no no you have to understand you have to be in momentum and moving forward and
 For those things to come to you I kind of shared my journey about how how I
 Came into ClickFunnels and how it became a thing so I'm sure that presentation is about 30 minutes long
 So we're gonna break it over two episodes. So this is episode number one of two
 About how to find your level 10 opportunity
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 So happy to have you guys here in Boise with us this is the last day and a half been amazing so far
 Very cool. I just want to like take a moment and just acknowledge Stephen Larson or Steve Larson every goes by today
 We always come to even in the office just you know cuz
 Every night way he's spelled it always changed, but it's crazy to look back and a couple of high-key lives ago
 He you know boots trapped his way. I'm sure you guys heard the story to get there slept in the lobby
 Two days after that was in my office asking for a job and then
 Fast forward now a couple of years and was able to bring
 650 people to Boise, Idaho on a week beginning during a holiday to talk about offers for crying out loud
 This is insane you guys are all here. So this will give me a huge round of applause. It's like I want to believe it
 So cool
 Yeah, I guess my fun things talk about today, so I don't have a normal presentation normally
 I have a million slides everything that today. I want to do more story time
 I want to tell you guys some stories have some fun. I'm sure you can some cool stuff
 From the book this coming out and a couple other cool things and so that's kind of the game plan
 But Katherine Jones just messaged me a few minutes ago. I'm not sure where you're at here. I hear hey
 And she's like if I came all the way to Boise. I don't tell least one potato gun story
 I'm gonna be severely upset. So I never paid on the story planned
 But then I just thought on one in a second ago. So how many guys want a panel gun story real quick?
 You want to go shoot potato guns after this?
 That's the upsell or do that tomorrow for anyone that's kidding
 No, it's funny at that we did a family event like a month ago in Denver. Who's at the family event with us?
 And we were trying to get all these potato gun kits shipped there to be able to show the kids and like actually do that
 And it's funny because I haven't sold my potato gun DVD for a decade now and we used to have this this supplier that
 Would drop shipped the potato gun kits afterwards and so like a week for for the event
 I was like we should simply if they still drop ship potato gun kits we can ship to the event
 It'll be amazing and like this whole thing so I'm getting Melanie to try to call them
 They have no answer
 They were trying their emails, but they still have an order button on their site
 So we bought them like at wholesale prices and shipped directly to hotel in Denver and Melanie told me yesterday
 She's like I just got the shipping nose. They finally shipped them
 So there's only one potato gun kits can ship to Denver right now. So if any guys are there
 You can just pick them up there. So that's a little potato gun story coffee as today
 Maybe fun Oh hockey, I will do some more potato gun building or something a whole extra late night session
 Anyway, there you go. So
 When Stephen first asked me to to speak here the first thing he did is he tried to make an ears
 Just ball offered you guys hear about this already?
 So we went through the whole process and we talked about what should I talk about and we kind of had a
 Whole direction. I wanted to go and so I started initially building my thoughts around that
 But if anyone's been watching my Instagram the last like month of my life
 I've been deep trying to get this traffic secrets book done and it's been it's been a lot
 And it's top of my mind and a whole bunch of it's just there
 And so I'm gonna kind of do both I'm gonna talk about stuff I was gonna talk about but also going to traffic secrets because
 There's parts I've never taught before that I just want to like share again
 I never taught them publicly it's like making out really bad. It could be complete flop, but I'm not getting paid
 So it's cool
 Anyway, so I'm gonna start at the very beginning about what initially when you first asked me speak that I really wanted to talk about
 I think it's
 applicable to everyone in in your journey and I'm curious right now
 How many you guys have been in this?
 Entrepreneur game trying to make money on the internet this whole this whole world for more than let's say five years
 Okay, how many guys have been less than five years?
 Less than four years
 some three
 two
 Less than one year. I mean guys like you found about this couple days ago and your pumps
 Imagine this be their first introduction
 So I think sometimes we come into these these rooms. I know when I first got in there
 Mass been 15 16 years ago now. I first learned about this world and I came into it
 I remember going and hearing all these people talking about stuff and they sharing numbers and stats
 And I think I had this envision in my head that like I was gonna come in and like five days later
 I was gonna be a cajillionaire and that was gonna be the how it worked because all these other people were doing it
 And I think a lot of people have that belief as well
 And sometimes they come in they start working and doing the process and if they don't get it right away
 They fall away from it, which is which is frustrating. It's hard. And so I wanted to kind of just talk about my journey for a little bit because
 Every time I meet somebody I always get people who are like, I've known you ever since the beginning
 I'm like, oh, what was that? And they're like yeah back when you did the dot-com secret
 We ever since the very beginning and I was like there's fifth there's ten years that I was doing this before the dot-com
 Seekers book came out. We're like yeah all the back to micro continuity who remembers micro continuity?
 I was like I was I was six years in when that came out
 So I've been doing this for a long long long long long long time. There's been a whole bunch ups and downs
 And one of the quotes that is in the new traffic secrets book
 This is actually the dot-com secrets book we just taped the cover
 Oh, we totally did yeah
 I had someone grabbing like I got I took pictures of it inside and I was like yeah
 It's literally expert secrets, so yeah anyway
 But in the traffic secrets book as I was writing it and researching is trying to figure out the right stuff
 There was a quote and actually from entrepreneur lives here in Boise anyone here ever heard of convert kit
 Convert it so Nathan Barry's a founder convert kit. He's the local boy is Ian as well a really cool guy
 So I had ton of respect for and I was writing the chapter on publishing and I'm not gonna talk about publishing today
 But
 He had this quote that I ended putting in the book that just meant the world to me
 And I think I wanted to kind of start it this way as I start this presentation because I want this to be the thing
 That's in your eyes mind is we're kind of going through this journey together
 So it's part of an email he wrote and subject line was endure long enough to get noticed
 They said how many great TV shows have you discovered in season three or later?
 So I started watching Game of Thrones after they'd released five seasons Pat Flynn had released over at least a hundred episode of his podcast before I even
 Existed I discovered hardcore history years after down down Carl and started producing it. It's such a common experience
 There's so much content being produced that we can't possibly discover at all
 So instead wait for the best content to float to the surface after time
 It's step one in building an audience to create great content and step two is endure long enough to get noticed
 Seth Godin is very generous with this time and will appear in almost any relevant podcast
 But you have to record at least a hundred episodes first his filter is his filters creators who have shown they are willing enough
 willing to show up consistently for a long time
 And so when I read that I was just like man that is it's it's crazy and I was talking to my wife about this other day because
 It's still like this whole thing is insanely weird to us
 Because like this start of 15 16 years ago when we first got married and I'm sitting there and I'm like learning about all this nerdy
 Marketing stuff and funnels and we didn't call funnels back then
 I was learning about stuff and direct response marketing and reading books about headlines and and hooks and I all this these things
 I was geeking out and I would try to like talk to people about it
 Like I talked to my friends and my family and my parents and my brothers and everyone like trying to explain it to him
 And you're like this for me like the most exciting thing in the world
 I'd explain it to him I go through and they look at me like oh that sounds really nice
 And we guys have friends or family when you guys start talking about stuff. There's like oh
 You're not understand I'm talking like oh
 I'm freaking out like this guy did this and this person this I'm telling story after story
 I have to story all these people all the people that I saw on other stages taught telling their story
 I tell their stories and they're like oh that's really nice
 Like how are you nice about getting this like how are you missing the energy behind this like what am I doing wrong to convey this?
 I would talk about it over and over and over again and nobody seemed to care
 But I cared it was so exciting for me
 So after I started talking louder and eventually a couple kids
 I was still going to Boise State's down the road and a couple kids my classes started listening and like that is really
 That's really cool and I tell them about them
 They got excited until other people and and so many people never never heard me right?
 I was speaking but they never they never heard me. I kept speaking kept speaking kept speaking
 I'm an eventually couple people start hearing and a couple more start hearing
 But it was slow and the first decade of me doing this like not the the groups were not ever big
 In fact the last event I did before funnel hacking live
 Which is probably about how about 10 years ago?
 so I'm probably seven or eight years in I didn't event and
 We had I think 300 people wish sign up for it. I was super excited. We did it on Salt Lake
 We drove me in our tiny team
 We drove down there we showed up and less than a hundred actually showed up after they bought tickets and I'm in this room
 Just like God like how is it so hard like this is the most exciting thing in the world to me
 I can't get people excited
 But I kept talking and kept talking kept talking kept talking because I was passionate about it
 Okay, if I would have done this because I thought other people can get passionate about it
 It would have withered up on the vine a long time ago, but I kept talking and so it's so fascinating to me today
 that
 There's 650 people in Boise on a week beginning during a holiday talking about offers for crying out loud
 I think this is insane
 We're gonna have 5,000 people funnel hacking live all talking about funnels and about all these crazy things are so excited that
 That people are buying books like I wrote this first book now
 I can't tell you how scared I was how many years have you guys ever written a book before?
 Okay, anyone ever heard you guys know Ryan holiday?
 He's one of my favorite offer right now back. He he is gonna be speaking up on a lot
 I'm so excited so he's written some amazing books
 But my favorite of all his books is a book called perennial seller
 Which is the whole book about like how do you create content that lasts beyond the moment, right?
 You talked about whole bunch of examples of movies like what it like movies that that are that last for forever like Star Wars
 Right like he's just going forever and then you have other ones who they make a ton of money and they die right?
 And in the book he talks about like Star Wars like like names and lines from Star Wars
 Everyone can can list off some lines right because the the movies of perennial seller
 They says you know the highest grossing movie at the time was avatar
 He said can anyone think of a single sentence from avatar can any of you guys give me a quote from avatar?
 See I didn't know that I see we got one person members of the line from avatar highest grossing movie, but it died, right?
 Okay friends will say my friends amazing show when ended it ended
 Seinfeld is like lived on so what's the engine of work that that last and work that that doesn't last and he talks about
 That it's just amazing book called perennial seller and again
 He's gonna be talking a fun like live out about how to create art that that lasts beyond
 So not just a book but art movies course
 Whatever your thing is like how do you create something that lasts beyond yourself?
 Which is something I study because I like I'm in this like phase of my life
 I'm obsessed with like the legacy of this whole thing. How do you how do you do that?
 One thing talked about in the book is how interesting is with creators where when you create something you go into private, right?
 Like when I've been writing these books or doing whatever like I'm in private my own in my house studying learning reading
 Giquing out, but then when you like make it public. It's like
 It goes to me and it's like it's private thing to this public thing and like the fear of rejection is like the scariest thing in the world, right?
 It's like I remember putting this out and being so scared that just like I was so passionate like my heart
 My soul like a decade of my life went into this and put it out there
 I remember sending it to a couple my friends and just having so much anxiety like what if they read this in the hate of they don't like it
 Like this is like so important to me and put it out there and luckily they liked it
 In fact rich chefrin he has no rich chefrin. He was what I was most scared to read it
 I do to read like every book on planet earth like 400 times fact. There's a video of him on YouTube. That's worth watching
 He shows his book writing process. He buys a book. He rips the binding off of it
 Or excuse me first up
 He reads it all highlights it then he cuts the binding off of it
 He scans the whole thing
 He sends the scan to one of his Filipino workers and takes all the highlighted sections and writes them into
 Into like a PDF and then he's done that for like I don't 7,000 books over over time
 And then every morning he wakes up. He's like what am I the study today? He's like copywriting
 He's like these are the 30 best copywriting books of all time plugs in his his highlights into like a into an iPad
 He jumps on the treadmill and he'll read 30 books in the morning on whatever topic as he wants to like do that day
 I do the obsessed with like it's and he has a whole video showing the process. It's the coolest thing in the world
 I remember sending in the book and I'm just like oh rich hates it like I am done. I'm I'm walking away from this whole thing
 And I remember afterwards he called me. It was like do your book like yeah, it's like it's really good
 I'm like oh my gosh. Are you serious like that that feeling and so I'm sure a lot you guys have ever felt that or you're gonna
 Feel it because it's scary right so let you hear your fire up
 You're excited about the next thing the offer you're gonna create all the stuff
 But as you get in the creation boats are putting it out there like there's always gonna be that fear of like
 I'm gonna give it to the world and what if they reject it, okay?
 So that's just that's gonna be happening
 But I want to kind of step back in my journey and I want to talk about just all the this stuff that I that I try
 In fact, I printed this out before I showed up here
 Who gives them some things they made the most funnels?
 And not like click create funnel and like demo funnel and then credit, you know like you have a thousand year count
 Okay, who here's built more than 10 funnels?
 Like built launch live like we're pushed out into the world traffic was sent to him who has built more than 20 funnels
 more than 30 funnels
 40
 50 60
 70
 And what more than 70?
 Alright
 Okay, I was able to find a hundred and thirty one
 Not just not just funnels that like I played with a little bit that we built pre-click funnels in Photoshop and front page
 That we built
 Created launch and alive. Here's the first couple links right here is the next ones here
 Is next ones here
 Next ones here
 Next ones here
 Everyone these are the funnel that we created built launched
 My designers do Photoshop and I use front page because I could use front page
 In fact, I use front page all the way until click funnels launch for my nerds out there
 You know, what about dream we were like I couldn't figure out dream we were I use front page and that's all I ever did and then click funnels
 These are them hundred thirty one funnels that I could find I think there's more
 I'm gonna try to eventually get them all and put them all in chronological order
 But that's how many funnels I created over a decade and a half before I
 created click funnels
 Can I share this with you guys for a reason because so many you guys look at me and say oh my gosh
 We'll create click funnels now. He's making hundreds of millions of dollars is so cool
 It didn't happen overnight by any stretch of imagination
 Okay, it happened because I kept doing it and kept doing it and I did after I did after I did after I did okay
 Most of you guys don't have your big idea yet. You may think you do but you don't all these ideas
 Every single of these things. I thought was my big idea
 I got put my blood sweat and tears into it like every single every single one these things took months to build a crate
 Do it right the copy do the design get the thing like it was it was like a labral love every single time and most of them didn't even work
 Like how that would not work is like the greatest idea ever had like potato guns like seriously
 It's gonna be huge right all sorts of stuff if I someday I want to like it be fun to do a whole presentation
 Show you guys like the iterations of like I had this idea
 This is why and this one and this one and it would take days though just to go through them all
 But that's that's ready to go through right and on this journey as I'm doing this like I don't know where I'm going
 All I know is I'm just going I'm moving momentum forward right?
 I mean I feel like that sometimes like I don't really know where I'm going
 I'm just moving forward right now hoping that something good happens. Okay, that's good
 I don't know what it is like there's something about motion and movement and forward progress
 It was you do that God the universe whatever you want to call it starts rewarding you four things
 So I was moving forward like this is the greatest idea where I did it
 It's like I kind of sucks but all of a sudden that door open
 I met that person I found this thing and said moving next thing and I tried this I tried this
 I tried this and all these things in this journey started as I was moving forward new ideas new opportunities new people came into my world
 They made it possible
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel way from something some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel no matter where you are in your business
 This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy
 Help you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side. Yo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC]
