 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson and welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone, so I'm really excited I know I'm always excited but today I'm especially excited because yesterday I hired a new coach
 Now if you've been listening to the podcast for like five years like you should have been
 I've talked about this before in the past, but I'm a big big big big big believer in coaching when I was wrestling
 I always had a coach and I just had three or four coaches and free stock coach Greco coach nutrition coach wrestling
 Straight training coach
 But sometimes we get in business. We're like, oh, we're so smart. We don't need coaches and no you're wrong
 In fact, it's kind of funny because a lot of people I know who really successful in this business for a long time and no longer are
 They're like the last people going to coaching
 It doesn't it blows my mind
 Because I think they know how to do it all and like dude like I'm kind of at the top of my game right now
 I don't know maybe it'll go higher, but you know, I definitely feel like I'm like
 nine and a half minutes into my ten minutes of fame and
 Was a 15 minutes of fame 14 and a half minutes in so who knows like when this whole thing will go down
 but like for me like I'm at the peak of where I've ever wanted or dreamt of being right and
 I'm still trying to find coaches the coach me different areas of my life never aspects and different things
 I'm a fat health coaches business coaches all sorts of stuff and yesterday
 Actually two days ago. I was listening to a podcast
 It's actually freedom fast lane podcast by Ryan ran and he was doing a call with this with this dude and
 The guy I coached him through this thing on the podcast and I was like
 That was insane and I said out loud
 I was like I want her that guy to do that for me every Monday morning to get me focused on what I'm doing and so
 I'm not gonna tell you his name not because I wouldn't share but I
 Don't want you guys all trying to hire him because it's not his core business
 But anyway, so I was like next day
 I'm like I messes Ryan like dude. I need this guy's info and he's like oh, you know
 And then I messaged like 50 other ways and finally Dave got ahold of him and you know two hours later
 I was on the call with him and during this call
 He like literally I did like a laser coaching thing with me. I was like oh, this is so awesome
 I was like I want this every week and
 And it's kind of like again. This isn't like his full-time gig is to do coaching like that and he's like well
 He's like well, you know, where do you want to go?
 I'm like I want to write you a big check for money and then you do this every Monday morning for me and
 Okay, so I did I wrote a check and now next Monday at my first actual thing and it's so exciting because
 Anyway, I have different coaches in my life. I've coached every Tuesday morning. I meet with the more on like
 on
 It's Tara Williams just like an energy coach
 So but it kind of goes in all sorts of directions from spiritual to physical to mental to business to like
 Relationship all over the place. That's kind of like one that touches a lot of areas of my life
 But then this is very specific about focus and intent and like so excited so I was sad for that and
 I wish you could see how much I was jumping around crazy
 Like I was so excited to get somebody money to be able to coach me because it gets harder the different levels
 You get to it's hard to find a coach who's there who's always you know, they can take you through a different a different aspect
 And so just exciting through me. I'm so excited. I guess why as a coach who I obviously coach a lot of entrepreneurs like I don't want my
 students or friends where we're on call like like I
 Want to I got to keep progressing myself so that they keep having something to tap into if that makes sense
 I've had a lot of coaches throughout the years that that I I came in and really quickly
 We met and then surpassed and was just like I can't get stuff out of it
 I don't want my people ever feeling that way. That's I'm always like pushing myself pushing myself pushing myself just so that
 I'm always as sharp as possible so that I can keep serving and giving and and coaching and so yeah, so
 But anyway, I'm just excited and it was interesting and this is the point of podcast not that you guys care that I hired a coach
 but more so it's because
 At the last inner circle meeting last week so we had four days of inner circle. I got four days next week to have some excited
 But what was interesting is I watched a pattern such an interesting pattern first off the people in the circle are people who
 They hear I say they do it and then they succeed. It's really interesting. They hear I say
 They do it and then success here do you succeed here do succeed?
 When I was wrestling, I remember when my coaches told me like you're the one was coachable people I've ever had
 I'm like what do you mean?
 He said well you hear what I say and you go and do it
 He's like I'll literally during between matches. I'll show you that K your level was too high and you know
 Lower levels need to be moving more and like next match you're doing that
 He's mostly by telling that over and over and takes weeks or months or years to even even attempt it
 He's like I tell you something you just do it. I'm like yeah
 It's not how it should work you hear some of the you trust that you hired that you're paying to be a coach
 Someone who is your coach right you hear them you then do that thing and you make money for me
 Right are you here thing do it then you wrestle but right like that's that's the process right?
 And so the key though first off is you got it you got to tap into somebody that you trust right
 Someone who knows not gonna lead you straight someone who knows more than you just when you so when you hear
 I'm not saying it's like ah should I do that should I not like you pick the mentor who like you have a hundred percent faith and trust
 And so it can be me be someone else. I don't care just pick somebody here
 Like I have absolute faith in that person's opinion
 Therefore, I will do whatever they say I will hear and then I will do and then I have success
 But what's interesting is during this whole
 Their circle is again. I watching is like most these people have that's who they are like they hear they do they succeed right?
 And that's why they're able to for 25 grand come hang out with us a couple times a year
 That's why they're having success like but as I was watching you know
 I'm not all of them I say I say probably 60% of our inner circle members are also coaches in different markets and industry things like that
 Right and interesting is that almost all of them said yeah
 I got these students who today to see what I say and they do and they have success
 I've always other ones who don't and I was like it's so
 Fascinating to me that the people that success what do they do? They heard they did they success
 The ones who didn't they heard
 They questioned they thought about it. They flip-flop. They overanalyze. They say something else
 They did this they did like that. I get stuck in this little thing in the middle that they don't really hear and
 It's just so fascinating like for me. It's like yesterday when I heard trainees
 I heard that podcast and second I heard it. I was like okay. I heard it
 Now I'm gonna go do it like me successful and I'm like how am I gonna do it?
 I'm gonna forget it's gonna be hard so I'm gonna pay someone so I can do it so I heard did boom now
 I guarantee you guys will see in the next six months
 The changes in my company and hopefully me personally because of because of this coaching, right?
 Again, I could have I could have heard the heard this podcast and like oh thought about it and tried thing and like
 Willy well, I know I heard it. I'm gonna do it and then be successful and so if anything you get from this like
 There's a pattern in people that are successful in all areas of life and the pattern is number one
 They find the mentor the person the coach whatever they believe and get them they are and then
 They put on blinders. They hear they do they succeed here do succeed here do succeed. That's it
 Okay, and if you're not successful
 Something's happened number one you pick the wrong mentor, right?
 So you pick something you're not really trusting or they're they've bad advice about strategy whatever
 Okay, so that that's the case pick somebody who has the right strategy you trust
 Okay, that's the one so you do it then number two you have to listen to them now listening
 I said so my friends with that the two types of listeners in the world those who those who listen and those who wait to be heard
 And a lot of you guys are just like you're you're hearing stuff that you're waiting to be like well
 I heard this I learned like you're trying to like inject this but I like this thing in the middle
 And I don't want you guys being the people who are waiting to be heard. Okay, you are hiring a coach so you can listen
 Okay, so stop get the right person's right strategy
 Pay them money whatever it takes then listen listen
 Okay, you know better way you read a blog post or book or something that's different like it doesn't matter
 There's a million ways in the cat
 Pick the strategy from the person and then listen to what they say and then whatever they say do it
 That's it just do it and then we'll happen you have success
 Listen do you see listen do you see listen to see it's pretty simple strategy
 It's somewhere between the listening and succeeding we get caught up in us trying to think or over analyze or whatever it is
 In fact, it's interesting like people that are really good at school typically
 There's my I don't I think they don't succeed in this kind of world is because it's because they they listen and they analyze and they think and they and like
 Like it's good to think for yourself
 But you're hiring someone who already thought through these things for you like this dude yesterday like
 I'm I'm guessing he
 like
 My guess is he was surprised at how like he said something like hey doing it done like I listened
 I heard I did like I was like well, you know like my company's bigger than yours
 So or I did this or like whatever they know I listen I do I succeed I trusted him enough to give him money
 Therefore, I'm trusting his strategy with 100%
 Certainty that this is the way otherwise I want to pick him I want to pay him I want to whatever like I
 Chose that person therefore I will listen with 100% like I have hundreds of certainty everything he says is going to be true
 therefore, I will listen
 I'll do I'll succeed so this message is mostly for those of you guys
 Who are struggling?
 My guess is it somewhere between this little chain that you're you're missing you pick the wrong person tap into strategy
 But listening to this you listen to me so obviously pick the right thing so you got the right strategy to listen to do succeed boom
 That's it. I look at Brandon and Kalen
 like literally as
 Brandon and Kalen they come to every event there at everything we do there listen to every podcast like the private listeners
 I'm smiling saying that Russ keeps dropping our name again like they listened to everything like they picked
 Somebody who they trusted they listened and they do like I'll literally be on stage an event talking about a concept and I get off stage
 And Brandon's like hey that thing you just said I just launched and I'm like what he's like yeah like I like
 You're talking I did it he's listening he did it and they succeed. That's why the company's going
 Okay, everyone else when I'm sitting there listening listening taking no thinking about how cool it'll be
 And then they hang out networking and they're talking and they're doing like no Brandon is in there listening doing and that's why there's so successful so
 For you look at that chain there's four four elements take the right mentor with the strategy
 They have absolute certainty what they say
 Listen to what they're saying and you listen not waiting to be heard listen then do it
 What do they say don't even think quite I just do it just jump off the cliff just I trusted this person therefore
 I will jump off the cliff if they tell me to just do it and
 Then get success that's it. That's it. It's really that easy
 So easy it's insanely easy a cow. I don't know why we keep complicating this so don't complicate it
 Okay, if you do this thing and you don't have success
 There's somewhere in here either you didn't hear it right or you didn't do it right or you pick the wrong strategy
 But you get the right strategy up front and you listen you do you have success like it's it's an inevitable
 Inevitably is that the right word you can't not succeed. So there you go guys. Hope that helps
 It should help you but also to help you people you're coaching it should help like
 So many ways understand this guys and that's the key. So that's like I got spending the office day
 It's Wednesday got a lot of more fun stuff to do today. I'm excited
 I appreciate you all for listening and subscribing the podcast if you're not subscribed go to iTunes comm subscribe
 Or I guess marketing secret comm there's a link to the iTunes that might be easier and then please rate review
 Let us know share this if this if you got a benefit from this appreciate you guys all thanks so much for everything
 And I will talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free behind
 The scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
