 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to Marketing Seeker's Podcast.
 Today I'm going to be letting you guys listen in to a live Q&A
 I did on a recent marketing Seeker's live show.
 If you're not yet part of the marketing Seeker's live show,
 it's a live version of this podcast, right?
 Hang out and answer questions live, and it's so much fun.
 We usually do them out once a week,
 and if you want to be a part of the next one,
 go to clubhousewiththerustle.com, go and register,
 and that way you'll be notified the next time I go live.
 With that said, I'm going to jump in the QA,
 and hopefully one of your questions is answered.
 If not, make sure you come on to the next live show.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take our venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world, and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson, and welcome to Marketing Seeker's.
 We're going to spend 15 minutes or so opening up for Q&A's
 for any of you guys who have any questions.
 So again, if you want to walk people and me through the process
 of how we're going to be doing the next step of the podcast.
 Yes, awesome.
 All right, guys, I'm going to bring up five people.
 So just make sure that if you want to speak,
 if you have a question, just hit the little raising the hand
 button in the bottom, and we'll bring you guys up.
 As will you come on here, make sure
 that you mute your microphone so that way that there's
 no background noise in the back.
 And let's see, we're going to bring some people on here.
 All right, we got a few people here that want to join.
 There we go.
 All right, make sure you guys meet yourselves.
 First, we're going to have Catalina.
 Catalina, welcome to the club, to the room today.
 We're so excited to have you here.
 I know you are a mentor in the Spanish world,
 and also to come a club award winner.
 So what question do you have for Russell?
 How do you want to contribute to this conversation?
 Hey, Russell and Jennifer, thank you so much for this room.
 It's been amazing.
 I was taking notes from everything everyone said.
 So thank you so much.
 So good to hear from you.
 Yeah, it's always good to hear from you, Russell.
 I hope I can make it to final hacking in September.
 I hope they let me travel.
 You just got to sneak out.
 There's always a way.
 I know.
 Our country is still not allowing us to travel for leisure,
 just emergencies.
 But I'll say it's an emergency.
 This is an emergency.
 Final
 Who loved ClickFunnels who love you?
 And they keep asking me when ClickFunnels going
 to be available in Spanish, but also your books.
 I guess that's my biggest question.
 Do you guys have any plans for expansion to the Spanish
 speaking markets?
 I'd love to hear that from you, Russell.
 Thank you so much.
 Yeah, it's a great question.
 The answer is yes, emphatically yes.
 Next year will be our year of internet nationalization.
 I say it right.
 We had to do a lot of coding on the ClickFunnels platform
 to make it so that we can start translating quickly
 into languages.
 And that part of the process is actually finished.
 And so we do have translators.
 In fact, Spanish was the first language that's been translated.
 So the way it works-- this is actually
 kind of cool for the non-techy guys like me
 when I learned how it works--
 is they had to go through the whole software in basically
 any place that there's a sentence or a phrase or something.
 They had to go and write code around it and say,
 this is the phrase.
 This is the thing, right?
 And so obviously, there's a lot of places that happens.
 And then what happens now, it makes this database
 which shows all the sentences, the phrases, the words,
 the paragraphs, all the stuff.
 And then we have translators going
 to just retranslate every single thing.
 And then now we can click a button
 and it just changes the language across the whole platform
 and make sure that the translations are correct.
 So we do have a team right now doing the Spanish one
 and making sure that--
 obviously not just a direct translation,
 but one that makes sense.
 So that's kind of been happening.
 My guess is shortly after Funnel Hacking Live
 is we'll be rolling out that inside the ClickFunnels platform,
 which is exciting.
 And then we'll try to plug in other languages as well.
 So that's that.
 On the books, yes, I'm learning about publishers
 and contracts and things like that.
 Because one of my friends, Sharon Lechner,
 if you guys know her, she was one of the co-authors
 of Rich Dad Poor Dad.
 She also wrote the first version of Outwood in the Devil,
 which is one of my favorite books of all time.
 And it was interesting because Outwood in Devil's Artian
 40 languages, I'm like, how did you do that?
 And she's like, when I signed the contract,
 I kept the international rights.
 And she's like, I was able to go and quickly do it
 across the board.
 And fortunately, I didn't do that with mine,
 because I didn't know that was a thing.
 So I've been working with our publishers
 to see how we can speed up the timeline.
 I know that there's translations happening
 in four or five languages right now,
 but the process is slower than I thought or imagined.
 As you know, you messaged me the day.
 There's the original version of .com secrets
 and expert secrets that are in four or five languages.
 But it's the older version.
 And so we're doing all the new updated ones right now.
 In fact, I got one the other day.
 I can't remember if it was Vietnamese or something.
 It was really cool.
 But yeah, so yes, they're in process.
 I wish it was going faster.
 I'm trying to work with the publishers
 to figure out a way to move faster on all of it,
 because I agree that's our next big thing for next year,
 is to be able to rebuild all of our funnels
 in Spanish with the Spanish versions
 and your different languages.
 And then also have the platform being
 able to handle out from the language inside,
 but also local merchant accounts
 that work in different countries,
 because obviously some-- they don't all
 work in every single country.
 And then having support teams in each country as well.
 So we're working on it.
 It's a bigger process than we had planned initially.
 But next year is the year that we're
 trying to get as much of that done as possible.
 So there's the goal.
 Awesome.
 Thank you, Russell.
 And hopefully, maybe even some of your courses,
 like adding subtitles and stuff like that,
 that would be really neat as well.
 Maybe 2023?
 I don't know.
 Let's do it.
 There's actually-- it's funny.
 There was a company that came out that was doing that,
 where they would take YouTube channel or video
 content courses, and you give it to them,
 and they'd retranslate the whole thing.
 And we're about to hire them, and they went out of business,
 right?
 We're about to hire them.
 So if you want to start that company, let me know.
 And we can start dropping everything.
 Because I do have a big--
 I literally was really cool.
 You give me your YouTube channel.
 They go through Scrape It All, rewrite it all,
 and launch the Spanish version, or the French version,
 or the German version.
 So anyway, yeah.
 So I want to start that company.
 I will give you money to do that for me.
 You heard it first year.
 Carolin, this is such a great idea.
 Spanish market here, we come.
 Our Spanish people need some of ClickFunnels Russell.
 That was great.
 I'll talk to some people.
 I'll talk to some people and reach out to you.
 All right, awesome.
 Awesome.
 Thank you, Carolin, for being here.
 Next up is Christine.
 She's a social media specialist content creator.
 She manages social media platforms.
 So Christine, the mic is all yours.
 Hi, I'm Christine, and I'm in Dallas, Texas.
 And unfortunately, Russell, I had never heard of you
 until I met Nikki Nicole.
 And she is teaching in a room here, excuse me,
 on a book that you have.com secrets.
 OK, very cool.
 Yes, exactly.
 So now I'm in a room with you.
 Well, welcome to the room.
 Glad to be hanging out.
 Thank you.
 And so I have ordered the book, all right,
 that she's training out of.
 And I'm waiting for the forms and everything to come.
 What would you say to me was one of the most important items
 in the book that you would like to make sure
 that she lets us know and training from your book?
 She's training.
 Oh, man, well, the Doc on Seeker's book--
 so that's the first book I ever wrote.
 It's by far the one that's my favorite.
 Everyone's got their favorite one, but that's my favorite one.
 I think the biggest thing is really understanding
 the customer journey.
 That's where I think funnels and all the things we do today
 are based on that.
 Most businesses they go into, they're very much like,
 they have a product, they sell the customer the product,
 and that's the business.
 I would say the majority of business,
 that's the way to look at things.
 Whereas the thing that I've geeked out on for the last two
 decades in my life is the customer journey.
 Like, someone comes in and what's the first thing?
 What's the second thing?
 Where do we take them?
 And how do we move them?
 And where do we send them to?
 How do we serve them at the highest level?
 And I think a lot of times business owners are scared.
 Like, well, if I give them an upsell,
 if I sell them something else, or if I move them from step one
 to step two, they're going to be offended or whatever.
 And it's like, if you realize that the products and services
 think that you're creating, that's
 how you serve your audience, right?
 When you really believe that, then it's like, OK,
 how can I serve this person?
 They come into my world the very first time.
 Right now you've bought the books.
 You're going to get the book in the mail.
 And now you're going to be into my funnel.
 And so you'll hear me talk about different things.
 I'm probably going to invite you to our two comical live event
 that's coming that's happening next week, right?
 Because that'd be the next thing.
 And then after you experience that,
 if I come to funnel hacking live, our big event,
 then from there we'll invite you to join our coaching program.
 Not because I'm a salesman trying to sell a bunch of stuff,
 but because I honestly believe, and I've seen,
 as we've taken people on this journey,
 this is the process and the path that gets people
 to success the fastest.
 And so I think as you're going through the book,
 realizing that this is about serving people
 at a higher level, that's the whole key.
 That's what funnels are about.
 That's what ascension.
 That's what value ladders, that's what all these things are
 is figuring out how to serve your people at highest level.
 And I always tell entrepreneurs, like, I believe that if you
 felt that entrepreneurial call and you're starting a business
 or you're trying to or wherever you are in the process,
 like that call is literally a calling from God.
 He's saying, look, there's a group of people
 you've been called to serve.
 I've given you unique talents and abilities
 and things that you can do.
 And your job is to go figure out,
 how can I take these talents and I can serve these people?
 And so the Doc on Secrets book is going to help you with that.
 Okay, now that I've found these people,
 how do I find them?
 How do I move them?
 How do I actually serve them
 at the highest level possible?
 So that's what I would say is looking through business
 to that lens as opposed to what most businesses are
 which is like, write out your business plan
 and things like that.
 It's like, no, how do I serve my customers at a level
 that nobody else has done yet?
 And then I can change their lives
 and that's how you actually grow a business.
 So I hope that helps.
 - Thank you so much.
 And so what I got from it is just make sure
 that you stick with the process to ensure
 that you're going to make it to the end is what I'm hearing.
 What you can thank Nick and Nicole for bringing your book
 to her room and just know that I appreciate you both
 because I'm hanging in there.
 Thank you.
 - That's awesome.
 Thanks so much.
 - Thank you, Christine, for being here.
 So you got people reading your books
 and other rooms here in Clubhouse.
 That is amazing.
 - I love it.
 - Thank you.
 That's amazing.
 - Yes.
 Awesome.
 Stephanie, you're up.
 She's a homeschool momma.
 Turn seven, figure digital marketing agency owner.
 Also a coach.
 Welcome, Stephanie.
 What is your question for Russell
 or contribution to the conversation?
 - What's up, guys?
 Oh my gosh, I'm so excited to be here.
 Dude, okay.
 So I've been in the ClickFunnels world
 in the Russell Brunson world for a long time now.
 And I have watched you journey through your entrepreneurial
 journey and it's just been absolutely incredible.
 And so as you were just talking about serving your people
 at the highest level possible and like recognizing
 a calling from God in your life
 to reach a certain people group,
 I've seen in your journey that as you do that
 and you take hold of that more and more,
 that you have also too worked really hard in your family
 in order to serve in your family
 at the highest level possible as well.
 And I've seen as you're very transparent
 and you're vulnerable about like,
 it's a struggle as a parent who wants to be intentional
 with running a business where you wanna like kill it,
 you wanna serve well, but you also too don't wanna
 leave your kids behind in the dust, right?
 And so why would we build a business to lose,
 I don't know, for me personally,
 they're the reason I started the business, you know?
 And so I guess my question for you is,
 do you have any, you know,
 you've got marketing secrets, but as you've built this business,
 I've, oh, oh, by the way, just plug for Russell's podcast.
 If you have not listened to the most recent uploads
 of the round table of world changers,
 oh my gosh, that was so incredible.
 Oh, so incredible.
 And I keep going back and kind of relistening
 'cause the adventure that you took with your kids
 to go with mathematics and just kind of go out
 and just hear from kids that are younger
 and aspiring to these big dreams and everything,
 it was just incredible.
 So you guys go listen to those,
 but Russell, do you have anything,
 you know, doesn't have to be like super anything
 like totally profound, but just like for you,
 what are some of the secrets you've found
 between managing serving well in your business
 and serving your family well and loving them well?
 - Such a good question.
 And it's interesting,
 it's probably not for everybody,
 but for me, like business is way easier for me
 than being a dad, being a dad is hard and it's emotional.
 And it's like, and so it's tough because by default,
 I'm like, I can deal with these things where I can like,
 oh, business needs, I'll slide over here into business.
 And I think that a lot of us have those problems.
 It's like we have our things that we're really, really good at
 and then we have things we struggle with
 and we always slip to the thing
 that's gonna be the easiest,
 but man, like every morning I wake up and,
 you know, like I love driving my kids to school.
 I love like being there in the morning
 with a getting breakfast and like helping them
 and like just being around them
 and trying to pay attention to them.
 And then, you know, I go to work and then it's,
 at the end of the day, it's like,
 I gotta come back 'cause I know they're gonna be there.
 And so I try to like, when my kids are at home,
 I wanna be home as much as possible too.
 But it's definitely, it's this mental war
 that all of us have.
 In fact, so I think you know this.
 I'm in the middle of writing my fourth book right now
 and one of the fascinating things
 and it's really quite, I found the stats somewhere
 and like when I found out, I was like,
 oh my gosh, I really so many reasons
 why I struggle with things now.
 But basically, stat was like the human brain,
 I think weighs three pounds,
 but 25% of our calories are burned by our brain.
 In fact, Joe McCall, I think he's down in the group
 down below, he sent me an article after I mentioned
 that at the FAD event, he said that it was an article,
 I'll mess with the stats, but it was shown like,
 chess players who play these chess tournaments,
 when they're sitting there just moving pieces
 around the brains working so hard,
 they're losing like 20 pounds in a week
 playing chess at a chess tournament.
 That's how much our brain is doing.
 So our brain is burning all these calories
 and it's tired, so our brain's like,
 I've got two options, I can go work really hard
 to do this thing or I can find the easiest path.
 So our brain's always looking for the easiest path.
 So for me, it's like, okay, my teenage son
 is driving me nuts, he's insane.
 And it's like, I gotta go deal with this
 or I can just go into the office and write a webinar.
 And so for me, our brain's like,
 oh, webinars are ways you've done it a million times,
 it's easier for it to slack off and go there
 as opposed to confront the situation.
 And so I'm now, as I'm more and more aware of this,
 I'm looking at this debate with my brain
 and it's like, no, this is more important
 'cause my son, even though he's driving me insane,
 there's a window where I can do something here
 and if I slip back and go to the easier route,
 I'm gonna miss that window and it's gonna be gone.
 And so just being more aware of that,
 I think where we realize that our brain wants
 to do whatever's easiest.
 And for me, as much as I love my wife and five kids,
 it's not the easiest path for me.
 The easiest path is by far business.
 For whatever reason, I got good at it,
 so it's like it's the easiest path
 and so it's looking at that and saying,
 don't always default to the easiest thing,
 like default's the most important thing.
 And I have a quote that I share all the time
 from David Oma-Kays,
 "Is there no success can compensate for failure in the home?"
 And I think about that a lot where it's just like,
 I can go and do this thing, it'd be so easy
 and I'll make more success and all my fans
 and followers and think I'm awesome.
 Or it's like, I can have this hard conversation
 with my kids and I can help them
 or I can go take them to the homeless shelter
 or I can leave every day at three o'clock
 and go to wrestling practice with them
 'cause I need to be there for them
 and that's more important than me stroking my own ego,
 and getting the, you know.
 So I don't know, it's not a perfect science
 and I mess up a lot.
 I'm sure my kids will tell you stories someday
 about how, you know, as parents are,
 but I try the best I can.
 I think that's the big thing is just understanding
 that the easiest thing is not always the best thing
 and understanding that, again,
 no success and compensate for failure at home,
 so don't forget the families.
 Especially for most, like Stephanie,
 you mentioned like most of us got in this business
 because it's like, I want to spend more time with my kids.
 I want to help, you know, like,
 that's why we get started and then we got the adrenaline rush
 and like the high from success
 and it's like, you want to keep defaulting that
 'cause it feels good and I've seen so many families
 and marriages destroyed in the wake of success,
 which is like the worst thing, right?
 Like what's the point of it at all at that point?
 So it's remembering those things so that you don't,
 in fact, what's the quote?
 There's some quotes like, what profit the man
 if he gains the whole world if he loses his own soul?
 And it's like, I hear that and I'm like, oh, like, yeah,
 I don't want to lose that.
 So.
 - That's so powerful.
 Thank you so much.
 I appreciate it and thank you for just journeying out loud,
 Russell, just from all of us.
 - Thank you. - Thank you.
 - No worries, thank you.
 And for anyone who's got kids, it is hard.
 So don't think someone the other day told me it's like,
 yeah, it's got to be so nice to have like the most,
 like the perfect family and perfect life.
 I started laughing like, are you kidding me?
 I was like, tell them, I was like, like two months ago,
 I was about to, anyway, I didn't tell them,
 I won't repeat the details on recording,
 but it's tough, it is amazing.
 So yeah.
 - That was so good.
 So Russell, if you see everybody like flashing their mics,
 that's equivalent to like clapping.
 So everybody's clapping.
 - Yeah, thanks for clapping, guys.
 That's exciting.
 - Yeah, that's a clubhouse thing.
 So if you see me, the CMS Company,
 we're like clapping away and kind of cheering you on
 the things that you're saying here.
 Family is so important and I was so good.
 And we do appreciate you sharing your journey,
 like Stephanie mentioned.
 Awesome.
 Thank you, Stephanie, for being here.
 Up next, Gessim.
 She's an Instagram expert.
 What questions do you have for Russell?
 Take it away.
 - Thank you, Jennifer and Russell.
 What an honor to be speaking to you.
 I am a huge, huge fan.
 And just actually before I ask you the question,
 you know how you mentioned about family?
 To me, you are not just a marketing expert,
 but for me, you are one of the biggest ambassadors of women
 because I have never heard you speak about marketing
 before you start your sentence with
 this happen thanks to my beautiful wife.
 Like every single time you always honor Kolet.
 Like what every single time,
 whether I listen to you at that click funnels live
 or it's a podcast or a blog post.
 And I had the fortune to meet Kolet
 because I was so curious after hearing about her
 and she's a beautiful being, but I mean,
 and we know that you mean it with all of your heart.
 Like you are, like I am single and I can tell you,
 I think for all of us single women in the world,
 you are giving us so much hope
 and you are modeling like such a beautiful way of behavior.
 So I wanted to thank you for that first of all.
 - Well, thank you, I appreciate that.
 - That comes from all of my heart.
 And Russell, did you think of actually crowdsourcing
 this international thing?
 Cause like I'm one of your fans
 and I know you have fans all over the world.
 I speak five languages.
 I would be very happy to help you just to help you.
 - Oh, very cool.
 I hadn't thought through that,
 but maybe as we get closer,
 we're still trying to figure out the details of it.
 So that's great to know.
 And maybe you can do all the work for all the languages
 if you come five.
 I'm barely speaking this right.
 So.
 (laughs)
 - Thank you.
 I mean, in such, I've been in such one John Parker
 cause I had made some awesome click funnels live.
 So I can just mention it of him,
 but yeah, just I thought in your community,
 I'm sure you have people from all the languages.
 So now my question is,
 and I'm embarrassed to ask this question
 because I have been in your world
 and doing your trainings for a while,
 but I am only now since few weeks
 starting the webinar journey myself.
 And I know you were telling us to start it a lot earlier
 and I'm embarrassed, I did not.
 But anyway, I'm really, you know,
 watching the trainings and reading the book again.
 And one part I'm really unclear about is,
 how do you make the distinction between your origin story
 and the vehicle?
 - Oh, good question.
 - In case it's more clear, like, you know,
 I teach about Instagram.
 So I tell you my origin story that I try to learn it
 from the free videos.
 And then I watched, like,
 got to watch the online recordings,
 but you know, social media algorithms change.
 So quickly that you cannot learn this
 by watching a pre-recorded video.
 You literally need to have live coaching.
 And that's what I do.
 But for me, that's the origin story and the vehicle.
 If you can please help me make the distinction,
 I would very much appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 - Yeah, definitely.
 In fact, at the FAD event we did this week,
 I spent probably 15 minutes on a slide
 trying to explain that
 'cause I've had that question a lot
 and I explained it and people were like,
 I finally understand after all these years.
 So that was cool.
 So I wish I had to slide in front of you
 so I could remember exactly how I said it.
 But so the answer is you do the webinar
 and the first part is the origin story
 about how you discovered the framework, right?
 So I went through this process,
 I discovered the framework and this is the framework, right?
 So for me, it's called funnel hacking.
 And then secret number one is now I'm gonna show you guys
 how I developed it.
 So the origin story is the discovery of the framework
 and secret number one is the story about how you developed it.
 Right?
 So if you look at mine, it's like how I discovered
 the framework was me funnel hacking, right?
 So I went and I bought,
 it's me showing the nurse so funnel, right?
 So I bought this and I funnel hacked,
 I saw the thing and I launched my own funnel
 and oh my gosh, I made a bunch of money.
 So that's showing this how I discovered
 the framework of funnel hacking.
 Then now here's me how,
 oh, let's work again.
 I said, "Discovery of the framework's the first one."
 And then the development of it, right?
 So then I come back and here's what I developed.
 So first thing Tony Robbins told me this
 and then I have this over here
 and I have this over here and then I actually teach the strategy.
 So then step one is a step two,
 step three, step four and you teach the actual strategy.
 So that's the big difference.
 It's a little nuance but it's origin stories here.
 Here's the origin story of the framework here.
 I discovered it and then this is the origin story
 how I developed it and then you actually teach the strategy
 in that secret number one.
 Does that make sense?
 - So are you telling a different story for both of those?
 'Cause I understand the distinction
 between the strategies
 but I have difficulties creating a story,
 different story for the two of them.
 - Yep, there are different stories for me.
 So again, the one is how you discovered
 like how I bumped in like, oh, I had the epiphany
 and this is the framework and this is kind of the result of it.
 So I don't go deep into it there.
 And the second one's now like, okay,
 now as I was discovering it,
 let me walk you through how I actually developed it.
 So the first thing I did what I'm developing is I,
 as I did this, I studied, it's like the second tier.
 It's like going deeper in on the story, right?
 So the first one's I discovered
 and then here's how I actually developed it.
 - Oh, got it.
 So like you say, this is how I discovered it
 and now we are moving on to the secret, secret number one
 and that's how you make the liaison, so to speak.
 Is that correct?
 - Yep, yep.
 - 'Cause they're tied together.
 - I'm impressed though.
 - Yeah, 'cause they're tied together.
 So first thing that you show your story,
 how you discovered it and they're like,
 oh, cool, this is awesome.
 And I was like, okay, now we're gonna get to teaching.
 Step number one, secret number one.
 Then now I'm gonna show you the tell the story
 of how I developed it.
 - Yep.
 - Thank you so much, Russell.
 This is the issue of the lady in orange red.
 I'm definitely reaching out to you to offer my help
 with everything 'cause you are awesome,
 your teachings are awesome and the love you always show
 to your wife and your kids.
 Like you are, you're not only a leader in marketing,
 but you are literally a leader for love women.
 I love you with all of my heart,
 Russell.
 - Oh, thank you so much, I appreciate that.
 - Awesome, a shout out to Kaleid, right?
 Shout out to Kaleid.
 Thank you so much, Jesse.
 And our last guest here, Adiel.
 Adiel is a marketing expert in the Spanish-speaking world,
 as well, also an award winner here
 in the ClickFunnels community.
 So Adiel, what is your question
 or what do you wanna share here with Russell?
 - I don't have a question for Russell.
 - Hey Russell.
 - Hi, what's up, man?
 Good to hear from ya.
 How you been?
 - Good to give you, good.
 Very good, very good.
 I listened to Carlina before,
 and I say to all the community in Spanish,
 we are working very hard to bring the first 150,000
 Argentinian users to ClickFunnels this year.
 So I really, really, really good to see you here
 and in Clubhouse and hear you, and I see you soon.
 - Yeah, everybody, a huge help on our side
 getting the international stuff.
 Can we do me a favor?
 - Of course.
 - Will you tell people the story
 about how you found out about our community?
 'Cause I think it's really interesting.
 - Uh, I'm Spanish.
 - Would you say, how, the dot com secrets book,
 how you found that?
 - I meet Russellina playing,
 a customer called me from United States,
 and I need to take a plane to Miami,
 and I found the book.
 I lose my ticket and I can fly in business
 like almost every fly in,
 and I was in tourists.
 And I found dot com secrets in the pocket of my front seat.
 - Somebody left the book in the pocket
 and he found it in the pocket of the seat
 as he was flying.
 - Yeah, that means two things.
 The planes never are very clean.
 And now, what's a great discovery,
 and I fall in love with you,
 click on the community, the books,
 and start that relationship with you
 on all the ClickFunnels team,
 'til now, so, what's great?
 What's great discovered the book in 2001, '17?
 - Yeah, probably about then.
 - Yeah.
 - Anyway, I don't know if that was a crazy story,
 and then since then, he's won two comic books,
 two comic books, two comic books,
 two comic books, two comic books,
 two comic books, two comic books,
 and about a million other things.
 So, we're grateful for you
 and how you need our community,
 especially your help with all the international relations
 stuff we're doing together, so.
 - Thank you.
 - And we will broke the game another, another,
 it were, so, we have two, maybe two,
 two comic club X this year,
 and again, the two comic club C
 will be amazing to give a hug in the stage again.
 - Excited to see you again soon.
 - Thank you, Rob. - That's awesome.
 - Thank you, Connor, Jennifer.
 Thank you.
 - Yeah, you're welcome to congratulations
 and we're excited to see you have fun on hacking live.
 I wanna reset the room one more time
 before we close out this episode.
 Wanna remind you guys that we are recording.
 Also, please click the green little house at the top,
 the marketing secrets live house so that you can get,
 excuse me, clubs, so that you can get an notification
 when Russell goes live again.
 If you love this information,
 go onto your social channels and let us know
 how much fun you had here as well in this live.
 And Russell, back to you.
 - Awesome, and thank you, Jennifer, for helping.
 Thank you, everyone for hanging out today.
 That was fun.
 As long as you guys keep showing up,
 keep having a good time, we'll keep doing these.
 If you wanna hear the recording this stuff later,
 it will be on the marketing secrets podcast.
 Just make sure you go to iTunes or Spotify
 wherever you listen to podcasts and subscribe.
 And other than that, thanks for hanging out.
 I had a good time.
 Thank you, Jennifer.
 Thank you for everyone on our team
 who helped put this together today.
 And with that said, we'll see you guys,
 hopefully all fun hacking live,
 we're 105 days away from it starting.
 If you don't have your tickets yet,
 go to funlhoculive.com.
 Now, the party is happening.
 We're gonna be in person, we're having a good time,
 and we wanna make sure you guys are all there
 if you're able to be there.
 And other than that, thanks everybody.
 And we'll see you guys on the next marketing secrets live show.
 Hey, everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere
 between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering questions through text message
 to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing,
 pull your phone out and actually text me a message, okay?
 Now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone,
 and then it'll send you back a message
 where you can add me to your phone,
 and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community,
 is where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag,
 giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings,
 about times I'm coming to your local area,
 and a whole bunch more.
 So I wanna make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day,
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes,
 my favorite frameworks and themes.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone
 and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
