 Hey, what's up everybody it's Russell welcome back. I hope you liked the last episode. What do you think about a live version of?
 marketing secret show
 and
 I hope you guys enjoyed it
 First off, I think it brings different energy level when I know it's live
 I got to show off to all the people guys see their faces
 Hopefully you guys enjoyed that part of it and hopefully went to clubhouse with the Russell.com and went and registered
 So that you that way when we do the next live podcast you can be on it
 So that's the first thing and then number two is this episode we're actually going to share the Q&A
 There's about 40 minutes of Q&A with people who are there
 And so in the future if you want me to answer your questions like come on the show go to clubhousewithrustle.com
 Register show up on the show and then I'll talk about a concept and we'll open them the lines for Q&A
 You see some people got full out
 Hot seats coaching sessions during this Q&A which is really fun
 But I think the reason I want to share these as here share these with you here because I think most of the conversation that happened
 There's something that youtube you could learn from from those conversations
 So I hope you enjoy it
 And again, if you do make sure again go to clubhousewithrustle.com and register and that way you can potentially be on our next live show and get your questions answered
 So with that said we're in cute theme song we come back you as we have a chance to hear the Q&A
 for part two from
 Last episode which we talked about the real secret behind the value ladder and you hear everybody's questions
 And hopefully we get some some gold for you in the conversations that said cute theme song and we'll see you guys soon
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out of the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 I don't normally do a lot of Q&A because I just always get nervous. Someone's gonna ask me one of those questions
 And so but we're gonna do it. Um, you know first can help me out here
 We're gonna bring some of you guys up to stage. So if you actually get yet for what's the process
 They want to ask a question when I come stage they have feedback or they want to talk about their value ladder whatever
 What's the what's the process? How do we play this game?
 Yes, let's do this. So this is the process guys
 There is the little hand in the bottom. I see it going up the numbers
 So make sure that if you want to ask the question or add on to this conversation and bring some value
 You can actually raise your hand. We'll start bringing up five people at a time
 and
 Then we will let you ask your questions. So
 Make sure that you um also invite some new people, right?
 We can still invite people as we're here on this call
 Everybody will get a chance to to listen in this awesome value
 And then one more thing I want to share before we bring people up is that a reminder that this is being recorded
 So this this conversation is going to be recorded and let's see we are going to bring up
 A few people as you come on here, please mute yourself and we'll unmute you one at a time
 That way there is no like static in the background
 Okay, okay
 All right, we got a few people that we invited on this stage
 So we'll start with the first one Stacy Stacy is a health coach
 Institute founding partner
 So she bootstrapped from startup to 270
 Um amazing team members. So welcome Stacy to the call. We're so excited to have you here
 What questions do you have for Russell?
 Hey, hi Russell
 I have a solid you have a long long time. So i'm excited to finally get to talk to you
 Oh, very cool. My question is um
 When you are first introducing someone into your ecosystem and you have this product suite
 uh, do you have
 a value ladder that you present at the beginning like so just a like real quick ours is um
 Uh, we have a call center. So we're doing, you know, um
 Uh
 cold traffic
 to
 A call center basically. I mean, you know, we have a fun goal and all of that but
 Just in the beginning people seem surprised that they'll be we're a school
 So they take the initial program and that they'll be graduate programs on and on and ours are all pretty high ticket offers
 We're not doing 27. Uh, like our our first program is like $5,000
 but still we want them to be able to ascend and uh, and so do you have like uh an ascension map and saying hey
 You're gonna be here for the long term. Here's here's what it looks like. Yeah, definitely
 Good question. So a couple of things so
 Um, I'm gonna answer two folks thing
 One of them answers your question one will answer probably people whose businesses may not have started at 5,000
 So I'll kind of answer both ways and then we can go deeper but um, so in our world
 We have like so many front end offers because I love creating front end offers and so we're driving traffic to front end offers plus
 You know events and then all over the place and so it happens that someone you know
 They couldn't click on an ad and they may first thing they see is just our events or a high-end coach
 Excuse me or something like that. So whenever they do that it goes through that initial sequence of you know
 Three or four emails that are tied to that funnel and then they're done
 It drops them to a follow up funnel that starts at the very beginning of our value ladder
 And so it's a 60 email sequence and I wrote that I sat down and said okay
 If my mom was to come into my world she doesn't know what a funnel is
 She barely knows what Instagram is like what would be the process like how would I grab her hand and take her through this process
 What would it look like?
 I said well the first thing I would do is I would show her this video on youtube that I did that actually explains this concept
 Then number two I would show them her my book and then number three I would you know
 Have listened these three podcast episodes number four and I sat down and I mapped that out like where I would take my mom
 If she was coming into my world for the very first time and so wrote that out and
 It took a long time. It was kind of a pain
 But it was worth it
 We wrote a 60 email sequence that takes people that takes them through all of the funnels and the videos and the podcastings in order
 That I think is the best strategic order for them to go through them
 And I wrote those out put them in a sequence and now what anyone joins my world
 They may get like one or two emails about whatever the thing is that they registered for and it was done
 It drops them to that sequence and it takes them through the path that slowly ascends them through all the core offers and training and everything
 We have in the most strategic order. So that's kind of the first
 The first half of it the second side you're I think you're more talking about it
 It's like when someone comes in and there they paid 5,000 and you have this ascension
 Yeah, for me
 You know, I used to have multiple high-end coaching programs until a year and a half ago
 We were maybe two years ago we took down the inner circle
 But at funnel hiking live we're kind of reopening three programs
 They have our two combo club X or inner circle in our category Kings and inside of that everyone's gonna know that like here's the ascension
 Right if you're zero to million bucks you if you're in zero to million dollars before you got a two combo club award
 Like this is where you live you live in two combo club X until you've gotten that and you've you've earned it
 Now you move up to inner circle and then inner circle from a million to 10 million
 That's where you live to get 10 million and from there you have sent up to a category king
 And so they see that and it's in front of them
 And the more you talk about it the more you mention it the more people naturally want to send up
 In fact when I launched minor circle like most of the marketing happened on my podcast
 I would just talk about my inner circle my first all the time
 And people started messing me like I just want to be in the inner circle so bad and they kept seeing that that was the ascension
 That's really wanted to go. And so I just talked about all the time
 I put those people on my stages
 I I told stories about them making the books I told about them
 And I was always just talking about my inner circle members and naturally people keep seeing that and they start wanting to
 Like this is where I want to go. This is the path. This is the the journey I want to go on
 And so anyway, I don't know if that answers your question up
 But that's kind of how we structure it for people to be able to see
 You did you just totally sparked something for me that I wasn't thinking about before
 Thank you so much. Sweet. Well, great to meet you officially. Thanks for hanging out
 Thank you Stacey for being here. Awesome. So now we're gonna move on to Ryan Peterson
 So Ryan is a digital marketing strategist voice of the entrepreneur secrets podcast and host of the 1% summit
 Welcome Ryan
 Hey, I'm glad to be here. Thanks for having me up
 Yeah
 Which is people who are starting out start on their value ladder
 I mean, I you know mapping it out is one thing
 But where should I really focus my efforts and energy to get the most value I guess for myself
 So say that again your phone broke up a little bit. So you're saying you have your value out of you mapped it out
 Where should you be focusing on as I said?
 Yes, exactly like what stage of the value ladder should I be focusing on?
 So show me where your business is right now. Like how much do you have built out? Like where where's that right now?
 Yeah, so
 right now I I have a podcast that is
 Been a little difficult to
 You know create content daily and whatnot with how to baby recently and anyway
 And then I had a summit that I launched it was a lot of fun and but I realized I don't have
 a next stage of my value ladder built out yet and I I
 You know sitting back and thinking about it. I figured I should have
 thought out
 Kind of the more pillars of my value ladder before I really start on the front end and I'm assuming I was probably
 premature
 in
 Building out the beginning of my value ladder without something more valuable towards the end if that makes sense
 Gotcha. I know it's coming from so I say a couple things
 I do think it's important people start publishing and like doing a summit or something initially just because it gets momentum gets you
 Talking people finding your voice like
 In our coaching programs we start with that, but then the next thing you just saying though
 What do I make money or like what's that? Where should I focus at? Yes? And so
 It's funny because when I first this is like always been my biggest fear with talking about a value ladder is
 Um, in fact, I remember when I wrote the dot-com secrets book my first group of people that came into coaching
 Afterwards was like, okay, Russell. So first I'm gonna write my book then I'm gonna do my thing
 Then I'm gonna hit like they had the whole value ladder and all the stuff they were gonna do and I was like wait
 Well like the books the hardest thing ever took me a decade right about like don't start there like
 You know, I'm the that was the biggest thing or they were trying to like get all the things in place before they did before they launched any of it
 And when I'm a big believer nowadays like I try to guide as many people as possible
 It's like start at the very beginning where you're doing a summit doing pop podcast and whatever just to get the get the motion
 Like getting into momentum and then for me like the thing that I think is the best
 And it's gonna be different for everybody, but for me
 It's like doing something about the thousand dollar price point like in doing a webinar for it, right?
 Because I obviously love webinars, but like that's right to focus at or if
 um, I guess partially depends on the the skill set of the entrepreneur, right? Like
 If you're good at if you think you could be good at a webinar like that's where I lead it
 I would lead as my my my first big thing that I'm gonna be spending a lot of money on driving traffic and stuff like that
 Some people are better on phone, right? If that's the case I would start the higher ticket offer
 Some people are horrible on the phone horrible presenters if so I would do more of a traditional sales funnel
 You know where it's more written copy and stuff like that kind of depending on your skill set
 But I would definitely be be picking one of those. I don't think you did it out of order
 I think I think I think the order's correct
 I think it's starting publishing is doing a summit because the summit introduced you to dream 100 you get to know people
 You start building a little bit of a list and now with that list now you're able to go back and say okay
 Hey guys, my webinar starting come register for my webinar
 And you have a chance to test it against traffic who knows who you are and the second phase is okay
 Here's a lot of people I interviewed in my summit now it's dream 100 now
 Let's do a promotion to each of their lists promoting the webinar, right?
 And then that starts getting webinar better and cleaner and more efficient
 And then the third step now is like, okay, I promote to my list I promote to my dream 100s list
 Now I'm gonna go out start buying Facebook ads or buying traffic to push people to the webinar
 That's literally how when we launched click funnels. It was exactly that
 Right, I spent a lot of time building my dream when you know building relationships with people through summits and other things
 And then when click funnels launched we did a big webinar to our own list made a bunch of money
 We went to our dream 100 list made a bunch of money and it wasn't until
 I think we're probably a year year and a half into click funnels before we ever bought our first ad
 And before that it was all just focusing on those relationships we built through our own efforts
 You know, and so I think I would probably recommend something similar for you
 It's you've done the first two steps if you've done a summit you got some relationships now now
 It's like, okay go and build
 You know your webinar or whatever that that the bigger one is and now you can leverage your list and your relationships to launch it
 And then from there you start transitioning into paid ads. Does that make sense?
 Yes, that makes that makes a lot of sense. Thank you so much. That was invaluable. Very cool noise. Thanks for hanging out
 Awesome, Ryan. Thank you for being here. Now we're gonna bring up mark mark
 Helps real estate agents and teams to automate processes using workflows to scale their businesses while protecting their family's time
 Mark, what is your question? Welcome to the call today?
 Well, uh first off
 Uh, I just wanted to say thank you. Thank you. Thank you wrestle for what you have done
 Honestly, I am the
 the
 Product of the value ladder. I had zero comprehension of what you do
 And have done all these years until November
 And I've spent the last 30 years developing software for real estate agents using what we call workflows and it's different than
 then
 Funnels and stuff like that, but has some similar
 Not sure where I needed to go and
 whenever
 I saw I forget what it was that actually started at first. There was some kind of free thing that you had
 Then I got the three books. I read through the three books. I I did the one funnel away challenge
 Twice. Um, I did we've already signed up for funnel hacking live
 I want to be on the two comma club
 By september if not, I mean it will be september of next year whenever you have it
 but the whole idea of
 of the frameworks that you brought to me the
 The I just want to say thank you
 Um, it's just been amazing
 What it has spurred in my mind
 Because of what you have taught not only the free stuff
 Uh, but even the low level price stuff. I mean just
 Amazing. So I would love to buy you a
 uh, a dinner sometime and just
 Pick your brain. I know everybody else does too, but galley you you do not know
 What you have done to touch
 Uh, my life and the lives of of my family. So just want to say thank you. That's amazing. Thank you for that. I appreciate that
 We got a shot. I want to ask you to ask me questions. Take my brain right now. We got it. We got a moment
 Well, you know
 You started talking about the frameworks and stuff that was my biggest aha was the frameworks was
 uh, the four core
 pieces of you know four core strategies and I've come up with
 Details and stuff and right now it's just content. I'm just trying to build the content
 and I am failing in in
 Providing that on a regular basis, but i'm in the muck of of building other content and and I
 I started
 The idea of building a book and and then you made some kind of comment in
 A previous thing. It's like put that off until later. I'll put that off the later
 But um, I am building the kind of the the topics of that and and that'll come eventually
 But man, it's just it's just like a light bulb went off and and my energy has just
 Gone through the roof. My wife is saying who is this guy?
 Russell Brunson because he just changed my husband and it's just been amazing. So I
 That that's all I wanted to say was just okay
 Awesome. Thank you, man. I feel great. Thank you
 Russell, this is the part where you put the mic drop like
 The thing in the background. Oh yeah, which one's uh, yeah, there's the money
 There we go. I appreciate
 Thank you mark. That's awesome. Thank you. We appreciate you so much and see you at fano hacking live
 Awesome. Now we yeah, we're gonna bring um miss baits. She is a certified life coach best selling author master eft
 Practitioner welcome today to this call. Let us know what you have for Russell any questions. Um, welcome
 Well, thank you. So russell. I love you. I know it's a crazy way to start but
 You right. Oh my god. That got real weird real fast. I know
 It's like it's just amazing. It's just you have been such an inspiration to me
 I'm a solo pernour and i'm just so grateful for everything that you've done and that you put out. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that
 So here's my question. I'm a solo pernour and i've been working on different leap maggots
 I've been testing different things like meditations or like do's and don'ts list
 But my question is once someone is in that
 Once someone is in that funnel, right? They go through that
 My desire is to have them come to me for one-on-one coaching and then to put them into a group coaching program
 And i'm wondering what the length of my email sequence should be
 Gotcha. So
 Walk me through what it looks like right now so they they come through
 A lead magnet and from there you're selling them into a high-end things. All right. That's the first right
 What's the price point of the higher thing?
 The price point of the high-end thing it's a six month six thousand dollars
 So if that is something that's out of their price range, then I downsell them into a group
 Gotcha. And then what's the price on the group?
 And the price on the group is 199 a month or 1997 for the year
 Very cool. What for like do more people want to do the one-on-one work with you or the more to the group or is it kind of a
 Just more people want more people want to do the one-on-one work with me
 I'm starting to try to move away because what i'm looking to do is scale
 Right, which of course my time I can do more with a group than I can with the
 with the one-on-ones
 So that's i'm just trying to figure out
 How long I should be nurturing them
 Yeah, um the reality is it's it's um
 Especially those are the two core things you're selling. It's not so much like how long do I do it for?
 It's like it's it's part of everything you're doing right becomes part of your communication like you
 You should be talking about it at everything, you know, I mean for a long so it's not just like a
 You know 10 day or 30 day email sequence or whatever there. It's just it should be weaved into everything you're doing
 So every communication every email every
 Podcast every everything you're doing is always talking about these things and the people you have a chance to work with
 I would almost so flip I'd almost flip it around because you know you're going
 Six out because all the cells happening on the phone right now are people buying just organically yet?
 Nope, they're all happening on the phone. Okay, so it's all me like i'm doing i'm doing the sales call
 I'm doing everything is it where you are. Do you like it?
 Um, I'm kind of falling in love with the sales part of it. Um, so I want to get good at that before I outsource that
 Yeah, because I would like I would almost flip it around a little bit where
 Um, let's just say because you're saying you're into uh, EFT as well, right?
 Is that what is that what the coaching is based on on that or something different?
 Yeah, it primarily is based on that. Oh very cool. So I would do is I would um
 Yeah, if I was doing it, I would I would like make friends that are tied to specific things right?
 So i'm assuming you're doing tapping for there's a certain like um
 Like you focusing on anything or like just kind of tapping as a whole
 Yeah, so for whatever reason my focus has lately been it's a multi-level marketing that are in the mid tier
 And they're having like blocks getting to their next level
 And so trauma resilience is a part of my passion and I know that those kind of blocks show up for people
 Yeah, so I help people power through that and then get to the next level very cool. So like yeah, like I almost have something where the front end is
 You know, uh tapping for whatever for trauma or for whatever it is like something that comes in there and then and then
 The first thing I would try to sell them is the the $200 month program
 It's similar to I think that's um, if you know any grace. She's the alcohol experiment if you look at her model kind of funnel hack her
 That's what she's doing. She's she has a webinar right now that sells. Uh, I think it's I think same price point 200 200 bucks a month
 um or they can buy a year for
 Uh, what is I think a year for for 1997 or for two two gram basically?
 I believe is what her model is and that's where everyone goes through initially and that way it takes
 Like she's not talking those people. That's all it's all being sold through a webinar
 And then and then after that's done then those people have they gone through like an hour long webinar some signed up
 Some didn't but then from there the next part of the sequence is like hey
 Um, if you're interested in getting one-on-one help with me, uh, go fill out this application here
 And what happens a couple things is this is that you'll start making money on a whole bunch of people who never you never talk to which
 Is nice. All right. Um, yeah, that's the first step and the second step is that then when you start getting people on the phone
 Those people are going to be way easier to close because they sat through a 90-minute webinar with you
 They've seen the value and all those kind of things like the craziest thing is um when we so I had a my uh,
 My first big coaching program in my inner circle. Um, I ran that and it was
 Uh, it was a lot of work
 We had I don't know 20 or 30 people in it at the time
 And then and then that's about time to click funnel is launched and click funnel is launched
 And it was a 90-minute webinar selling a thousand dollar product and we started doing that like crazy
 And then what was insane is that some people watched the 90-minute webinar signed for click funnels
 Found my coaching page on the thank you page and started applying and my coat my program from from 30 people to 100 people
 In like two months like it was just caught on fire because the sales call is now easy
 They're like we just watched rustles 90 minutes like we want that
 I was like, okay, like, you know, and we're trying to sell them and they're like we don't like literally this is my credit card
 I don't need any selling like just if it became so easy because the webinar pre-framed them
 And again, not everyone signed for coaching it tons of people bought click funnels there
 And then the the cream and the crop rose up and they they came and they were just they were ready
 And so almost like if you flip your model a little bit, I bet you would have
 more success because first off you're making money off people who who haven't you haven't talked to you and the people you do talk to you're
 Gonna be more pre-framed to actually come in and buy by from you
 Thank you. So the invitation initially is for the webinar or do I still put them through like go through the freebie and then to the webinar and then to the
 Group on so you're up. Let me back this up
 You're saying make the offer on the webinar for the group and then an application to one-on-one coaching. So that's my offer
 Are you in a webinar right now or you just how you
 No, I'm not doing a webinar. So first thing I do is whatever you do now keep doing it because you don't want that to stop like
 Okay, somebody's you like take it off the ball. I keep doing that like just it's working. Don't mess with that
 So that's first thing okay on the side. I would start creating webinar specifically to sell
 Your $200 month program and then you start driving traffic directly to that and that'll become this new path
 And then when that path making more man than the other one then I would transition everything over but don't
 Don't mess with us working right now
 Um, okay because it's working. I don't want to I don't want to affect your business
 But this is how I think long-term this will become something that'll be much more sustainable more powerful for you
 Um
 Does that make sense? That's kind of how I would do it. It does. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you and I love you
 No words. Love you too. Thanks for hanging out
 Awesome, miss baita. I'm glad that you got your question answered guys
 Just a reminder you guys can add some people onto this goal. We're still going to be here for a few more minutes
 We're so excited to be here. Um guys Russell is dropping some nuggets
 Okay, like people pay thousands of dollars to get this coaching. So I'm so excited for all you guys that get a chance to
 Ask Russell questions. So now we are going to bring
 Um, Richard Richard is that how you pronounce your name? He's a travel advisor key to the world travel Disney destination expert
 Um, if I missed up your name, I'm sorry, but I hope I'm saying it correctly, but it's it's your turn. Welcome to the call
 Thank you guys so much for having me through. Um, you can call me reach everybody and call me reach. That's fine
 Uh, so Russell just want to say
 Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I'm currently rereading probably the third or four time expert secrets
 I was in on your future this past week. Um, I was part of that, you know
 Um, lead challenge that you had the five day lead challenge. I'm like in your world, bro
 So just want to say thank you. Thanks man. Glad to have you here
 Yeah, so my question my question is really um, so as a you know
 Travel agent, you know, really my my value ladder is bringing leads in
 You know educating them on like the best, you know, we'll take disney for instance the best Disney vacation ever
 Right. They you know, I provide value value value and then they go through their trip
 And then they you know
 Then after that it's pretty much done
 So that's kind of like the result right if I was to say like a problem to solution
 My question is for you like what what else should I think about to really continue to bring more value?
 And really I don't have like a you know, a seven dollar lead magnet to a 97 dollar to a master mind to inner circle
 All that, you know, how should I be thinking about my value ladder?
 So right now top value ladder someone goes through is a disney cruise or disney trip or what's the what exactly are they getting in the end?
 So it doesn't matter. It could be, you know, disney world vacation and disney cruise
 Um, basically it's a vacation
 Gotcha
 Um, one thing so my family has done a bunch of disney vacations. We just got back a little while ago from one
 And it was funny. We were joking. We did a we did our first disney cruise like when you get on the boat
 There's like the dudes with the big old disney hands or Mickey Mouse hands on their high five in you and like you're coming on
 And they're giving you drinks. It's an amazing experience coming on the photograph and you get on the boat and then
 You know the boat's amazing and then when the cruise is done you get off and there's no one greeting you
 It's like dead when you walk off. It's like they shove you out to the boat to the to the buses and you're just like
 Wow, like it's over that the experience just ended really bad
 And um, it was funny because then next time we're booking a cruise like
 Like the last thing to remember from disney was this like horrible experience at the end where just ended and like
 We're sitting by the buses waiting for our thing and it was just it was it ended on this really down note as opposed to up note
 And so like and so then we're like worship a cruise and like well disney was cool
 But it's kind of weird at the end and then so we booked with uh Norwegian the next time or whatever, you know
 And so it's like
 Yeah, it's like a little things like that. So like i'll be looking at okay because obviously in a business like that
 like um
 People who do those things do those things right like we did when we did disney we did the vip tours
 Did all kind of stuff and like we spent a lot of money and it's awesome
 And we had a great experience and what's crazy to me just as a marketer is like we got done. They're like all right. We'll see ya
 And i'm just like
 You realize people come to disney and pay for vip tours come to disney and pay for vip tours
 I was like why didn't somebody jet offer something right then or right or the next day or call us next week like how was the experience?
 What was it like like how were your you know like nobody did that to me?
 And i was like we we probably would have been probably still wild because experience was great
 We're probably rebooking for whenever but they could have got us
 They could have doubled their money right then on the spot where the peak of uh emotional intensity as opposed to waiting
 Further down the line. I'd be the first thing looking at it's like how do you how do you capture that right?
 In a way that now you can like get them booked on the next thing
 And um, you know a lot of especially again people are paying higher and stuff like they travel more often
 It could be every six months they're looking for something like that
 And that becomes this huge high ticket recurring program. That'd be the first thing I would
 I would kind of think through do you have a process now when someone finishes that you you take them through to get them to
 Re-up for the next the next thing
 Yeah, i'm working on my follow-up scripts right now the email family the email follow-ups
 After they've gone through and then yeah, even just what you were saying like what happens now what happens next
 They're kind of like in this, you know, like I had an amazing experience and then kind of the experience kind of dies off
 Yeah
 Yeah, how do you get that back up and because that'd be the biggest thing is just because now you're not going and finding new lead
 convincing them you're going through a process like it's
 You've got them. You just got to get them do it again, you know, it's um mark joined or my was my first mentor
 and um
 his uh his second book's called the great formula and um inside the book he says the secret to
 You know to successful businesses is getting your customers to take a take a second drink
 Right the first drink is like you used to go through all this effort from the ad to the conversion to everything for the first drink
 Then we got him and then we like forget about and go try get more people to give a drink
 It's like no, no like the money in your business, which just comes back to value adders
 Like the second drink right because that's all pure profit. You don't have to get the ad
 You don't have to do this stuff. You're like they're already sold
 You just got to ask them for a second drink and so like it's it's shifting the focus to that
 because I'm assuming you got a lot of things happening on the front end
 It's just man
 How do you how do you get the the second and third and the fifth vacation and who do they know like a vacation with them?
 Right like we vacation with our friends now
 And so it's like when we have a good experience the next trip usually we're providing our friends
 It's like hey, let's build a bigger trip like who else could you bring your family or friends and like
 Crafting something with them where now that's just you know for you. It's just pure profit
 Yeah, and even going through expert secrets, and I don't want to take up too much of the time. Sorry
 Just even thinking about you know, who do I want to serve?
 Right, I've been called to serve a certain group and I have that I have that you know kind of my avatar down
 And so it's just serving them like you know, it's not just Disney cruises or Disney vacations
 It's hey have you thought about an all-inclusive Cancun resort, you know like something different
 Um, but still like an experience that they can have and then like you said
 I think I like what you said in terms of it just keep that you know that first drink that second drink that third drink so
 maybe um just thinking about like my email or marketing
 Afterwards like you know get if it's a survey if it's something and just say hey like how was it?
 You know, what did you like about it?
 Hey, did you know that this is happening and you can you know book this next time, you know?
 Oh, yeah, I think even like pre-building a trip like my wife will get stuff sometimes in email
 It's just like or so see people like her friends on social media who post like these pictures from this trip and then
 Yeah, she's like oh like where'd they go and she'll call them up and find out and then we ended up going that same trip like
 He would do those kind of things versus like hey
 Here's like getting them to like share their so they're socially share their trip with other people then
 And then vice versa. It's like you coming to them like hey, so inside of our community here
 We've got a community of I don't know whatever you call them our our community of travelers, right and like make here's it
 you know someone just went to
 To Mexico check out what they get in check out this trip
 And here's four or five people of trips like if you want info on any of these trips
 Let me know we can connect you with the same thing
 But look at these pictures from everybody and and like creating a culture like that
 Everyone's kind of sharing their trips amongst each other and then you're the one that's like
 Booking them back and forth and you know, it could be really cool
 I'm actually building the facebook group right now
 And that's where I'm falling funneling every everyone too so that you know, I can go live there
 I can go
 Talk to people and just tell them like hey
 These people went on this trip and then have them come on as a zoom call and just talk about their trip and what they liked and
 Maybe inspire others to book that same trip. Nice
 Awesome, man. That's very very cool. What a fun business
 Thank you. Thank you very much in it and like I said, thank you so much for all you did for me and
 You know, it just all the value you provide. Oh, no worries. I appreciate that
 Thank you, Rish. Thank you for being here. We're going to bring on
 JJ JJ has helped celebrities artists big brands and medium companies create over 650 million
 And revenue by building relationships my favorite thing in the world. What questions do you have for us? So jay jay
 Oh my god
 What's up Russell? All right, so
 How many questions? What's my limit? What's my limit here? You got one
 Oh god, I gotta make this good
 Don't mess it up really long one like really one short one
 We'll see give us the first one first. Let's get all right on a serious note
 So before you hired the best community manager in the world. Yeah and brought her on your team
 How did you build those relationships with? I mean your company blew up. I've been watching you from the beginning
 And I mean within just a year or two you blew up faster than almost anybody in the digital space
 How did you keep those connections and build those connections and keep that community strong?
 I mean you have the biggest and I hate to say the four-letter word
 Cult behind the world when it comes to software. Yeah, did you do that in your value ladder? That's such a great question and it's
 It's funny because Dave
 I knew Dave would you guys know he's now the CEO click funnels has been for last almost a year now
 He does a great job, but it's funny because he'll go out for calling and coming to me
 He's like man Russell you dug your wealth so deep. He's like people just say yes to anything
 I asked him to do and I think what's what people understand is that people
 You know depending on when you came into my world when people come in it's like you see something you saw click funnels
 You saw this you saw this but what people don't know is that I was in this game for
 man probably
 I mean years now 12 10 12 years before we launched click funnels and that time was like
 Was doing that building relationships in fact I joke to the very beginning this like I've been doing this along with before
 Facebook before my space like Friendster was the hot social network when I was in college when I started this game and
 Friendster did not have an ad platform Google had an ad platform, but a year into my business
 They the Google Slap happened and ended so I had a decade where we were not able to buy ads
 There was nowhere to buy ads you could buy banner ads kind of but they didn't work that well
 And so all I could do the only way to get traffic was through relationships
 And so I went to every event
 Like that was I have to go to events and find out who are the people who have traffic
 And I knew and this is for me it's hard because I'm super introverted and scared to death people
 And so what I did is I found
 Extraverts who I liked I said hey come to me to this event
 I'll pay for you to go if they and we go to these events. I'm like
 Okay, I have to meet all these people because they have traffic like these people have email lists and they got a blog and they got these different things
 And um, I spent a decade of doing that right? I'm going and talking to people getting to know them building relationships
 Um using the assets I had to help them to promote them be there you know promote their stuff or to um
 You know help them with different things wherever I could do and so I spent a lot of time doing that
 Um
 You know, I think that's what people don't understand. They think that like oh we came out of nowhere and just blew up. It's like no
 I spent I spent um
 So much time going out building relationships as when click funnels came about it was it was nice because it wasn't me
 Just cold calling like hey, you know who I am. Yeah, but you should promote click funnels. It was like hey
 This is Russell, you know and we're friends like this is this project. I'm working
 What do you think about like what would you do if you were me and and had the most amazing minds in the world sharing with me
 What they would do if it was them and giving me ideas and strategies and we and then they felt like they were part of it when we launched it and rolled it out
 And so um, you know, I think that's a big part of it
 Obviously you're you know, you're tied into the relationship side of things, but I don't think people put enough effort into that
 They um
 They focus on the the quick ask the quick wins and not like how do I actually build a real relationship?
 I was telling someone because um we were last week at the dean and tony launch
 And somebody asked me how did you get to know tony robins? How did you know?
 And I was like well I spent 12 years of my life
 Serving him and anyway, I could before I ever asked him for anything
 It was like 12 years of like let me just help him and help him and help him and sense then man
 He's done so much promoting the last three or four years like
 um, but it came from you know a decade of building a relationship and I think you can build a relationship faster than that like tony's
 Obviously, you know super human and like the hardest person on earth to get a hold of but it comes with like leading first and like serving and how do you
 Help people and getting to know people and stuff like that. So
 Yeah
 That was it was a lot of digging my well before we before we launched click funnels
 Well, thank you for saying that you're on the stage because you come into some of these clubhouse rooms
 You get these marketers. Oh, you got to buy ads. You got to buy ads
 I didn't buy ads for 10 years myself. I mean and you know brad heart I work with brad heart now
 He didn't buy ads for the first five years of his business. Yeah, and built those relationships first
 Thank you for saying that but honestly you really I mean, I think leveled up your game by you know hiring a community
 Manager she's up on the stage. She's amazing. You know keeps your community
 She keeps your community engaged to love you and if her so throwing some love towards you and if i show my second question
 It has to be quick jay. It's it's fast. It's fast. You can beat me later. What is your favorite Oreo cookie?
 My favorite Oreo cookie
 So actually when clinton I got married
 They toilet paper our car when we were driving out and they got Oreos and they stuck into the side of the car
 But the Oreos had pop rocks inside the frosting and I remember pillock pulling off the car and I was like this is disgusting
 But I love pop rocks
 And so yeah, and I don't think i've seen pop rock Oreo frosting since then but if they ever read back
 I will be the first in line. So that'd probably be my favorite
 I don't know
 That was a good one. That was a good one
 You guys heard it you guys heard it first if you find it out there go ship it to the click funnel type corner or go make your own
 Will be happy
 Oh, man
 That was so good. All right, my girl mccoll
 McColl is the
 Founcer of charisma hacking what question or anything you want to add and hold on and she's a speaker that she's funnel hacking live event
 So we're gonna be there like I'm excited if you that way first of all before we get mccoll to talk guys
 If you have not bought your tickets to funnel hacking live go to funnel hacking live.com
 Get your tickets and i'll see you guys there mccoll the mic is yours
 Oh my gosh. Hi friends. Thanks so much. Um, I was just gonna add two things that helped the value
 That it really makes sense for me in the last, you know, year and a half since I started this russell
 You know, I study everything that to do and I was you know the first thing I did was read dot com secrets
 Something that was a little bit hard for me at the beginning that you I mean you'd teach on all these things
 but it was the
 You know one product will create the problem that the next one will solve
 And the first thing that I thought was like oh my gosh
 I I have to create those problems and I have to create those problems for people to ascend my value ladder
 Um, you had said something I remember if it was in a podcast or I just heard you speak like on a live somewhere
 But uh you talked about the customer ascension ladder and kind of the education part of it
 And it it put it all into perspective for me of um, you know, the way that the way that all of a sudden I
 Was able to shift my mind instead of being like, hey, you know
 You have to create problems from the bottom up and you know the problems that one will solve it
 Will open up a new problem to create, you know, the next product and all of that
 Instead, I thought okay, you know the customer ascension where do you eventually want people to go?
 You know, so your inner circle and your category kings and all of that and then map out the steps that it takes to get there
 And then with each program with each step of the value ladder is just like oh, what do you need to educate people on
 In order for them to want to join the next program, right? So it's an educational process
 Uh that helped me with like the very bottom of it because I know that I think it was Ryan was talking about, you know
 Summits and creating consistent content and all of that. Um, when I when I put it into education
 All of the sudden the bottom of the value ladder made so much more sense to me because at the beginning nobody knew what gurus
 Maggie was right. I was like what the heck is that?
 New term. Yeah, yeah, I was like this is crazy
 And it's hard to do that, right? You know, you're in a really scary place in business where you're trying to solve a problem that people don't
 Think that they have
 Um, and this education kind of form of this value ladder, uh, you know, when you said that it really helped me think like oh, okay
 The bottom of my valuator needs to be educating on my frameworks
 So, you know the whole my whole opt-in bottom of the value ladder, you know what people can do with podcasts or
 Um, you know the video content they're creating the summits all those kinds of things if they're consistently educating on their frameworks at the bottom
 Right, they first let people know what they're doing right and the problem that they're solving and then from there
 It's like, okay. Now that you know what the problem is and you can
 You know accurately say oh, I do have that problem. Wow
 Then you can move them up into paid products and you can you know continue to educate them until they get to the highest level
 But that was that was the thing that helped me the most because at first with the problems
 It was it was just hard for my brain to kind of wrap around it
 And then what it was like oh
 If you can accurately help somebody get through one specific step
 And then you know educate them on what they need to know in order to join the next program
 Then they will continue to ascend your value ladder because they will have a problem that solved
 And they will have the education they need in order to address that they have a new problem
 So that was that was something that helped me. Um, yeah
 Funnel huggy live you have to be there. Yeah, the thing I was gonna add to it too is like
 I think a lot of times people are so stressed like I gotta figure all these pieces and all the things and and one thing
 That I noticed when I first started doing this and I've noticed other people is that a lot of times
 You don't know what the next thing is until you like start doing your thing, right?
 You start selling your product here like for me
 It was like funnels funnels funnels wrote the book would create the software and all sorts of stuff and like that was
 It right that was the plan and then as people started signing up and they buy the book and buy the funnels
 Then then it was like the next question kept coming and coming kept coming and it wasn't me making this up
 It was like oh, here's the question that everybody keeps asking like okay. How do I solve that problem?
 How do I solve that problem?
 And so the customers will bring you the problems like you don't have to invent them
 It's just do your thing in the best your best of your ability and then listen
 And if you listen then those next the next step the next thing will will come to you and you know exactly what to do so
 Another really interesting. I'm so sorry. I just will be really fast, but it at the beginning
 You know, I I've built these frameworks for 20 years
 But I didn't know what my people needed and if you try to force what you know on people instead of what they need
 Then your products won't sell
 Right, but instead it was like exactly what she said, you know as far as finding your voice
 The same thing was you know, I think it was Dave who just popped into the room at it
 It's about finding your frameworks, right?
 So like creating your content and making sure that you're publishing on a consistent basis
 It's creating these frameworks and refining them and seeing what sticks for people
 And then it's not just like well, I know this that's what I should create a product around
 It's like no, no, no
 People will listen and they will it's exactly what you said
 They will tell you that market research is so invaluable and then in that next program
 You know, if you're building it from the ground up
 Then you just you educate them you listen to their problems and you let them ask questions
 And then they will reveal what that next product needs to be
 Yeah, super interesting very cool
 Well, thanks, bacal excited to see you again soon
 Have fun hacking live with all of you guys here who are listening in as well. I hope it's gonna be amazing
 Awesome guys make sure that you click on that little greenhouse make sure that you're following the marketing secrets live club
 There's going to be many more right? So yeah, this was actually really fun. I I hope do you enjoy your effort. That was fun
 It was amazing
 Obviously listening to you the value that you provide and also, you know
 Being able to speak to our funnel hackers here that you know, we're excited to chat with you
 Yeah, so I think the the game plan we're gonna try keeping those a few times if it sticks then we'll we'll keep doing it
 Um, but I actually really enjoy not just talking about topic and pushing the podcast out
 It's nice to get feedback or questions or like again, mccall like doubling down like something I learned to help me that makes sense
 And um, that was way more valuable to have that as like a
 Yeah, like actual application of the the concept not just the concept
 So I loved it was fun. I so we'll let you guys know kind of moving forward when when we'll keep doing these but um
 That was awesome. So thank you so much for helping facilitate it and make it all happen. Thank you as all for listening
 and um
 Well, you guys know when the next the next party is gonna start and I think hold on. I got an outro
 So I do an outro
 Yeah, you gotta put that way before you put the outro like do one of those money signs money noises things
 See come on. You got the buttons over there's a button there. We got
 We're so funny
 That is amazing
 All right, so we're gonna we're gonna close out with this outro. Thank you so much guys for being here
 See you guys in the next one. All right. Thanks everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now i'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 Questions um through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone opening text is
 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello
 And then what's gonna happen is what I do to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where i'm gonna be giving you out free swag
 Give me away three copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times i'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 Just want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
