 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson and I got a kind of special episode of the marketing secrets podcast today
 That'll be a little different than the normal. I think you guys are really good and enjoy it. We recently wanted to
 start kind of
 Our play to kind of build up our Instagram following and have unique content there. That's not offered anywhere else
 So we can get more people onto that platform and so we launched a new
 Show called the drop the mic show and basically happens is that people go to Instagram they submit
 Videos asking questions when people talk to him videos and then I respond to those on Instagram live and then
 Each time we answer question. I drop a mic's kind of a fun little thing and then and then whoever
 We ever asked the best question
 Each week we actually should mount a drop mic so yesterday was the first show
 I thought it was gonna be 15 minutes long and it'd be in almost an hour
 55 minutes or so and there's some really really really cool stuff came out of it
 And there were a lot of people asking how in the world they could listen to us again, so I decided I'm just gonna put the
 recordings of that
 Drop the mic show here and there's 10 questions
 We go into everything from you know non non profits how to have skilled nonprofits to what are you doing?
 Only your phone was flops to a whole bunch of stuff in between and so I think you guys are gonna like it
 So that's the game plan
 you will hear the
 Instead of hearing the normal marketing secrets intro here in a second you were gonna hear the intro from
 New drop the mic show and so with that said please come over to Instagram can follow me to go to Instagram and look up Russell Brunson
 Follow me there and then and there's info and stuff on how to submit your questions for the show in my bio
 And so that's kind of game plan. So with that said I'm gonna cut over to the show
 I you let me kind of my little intro and then we'll go right into the drop the mic show intro and then you get the
 10 questions hope you enjoy this and if you like these let us know and we can keep adding these in each week as we do the drop
 Mike show thanks everybody and I'll talk soon
 My name is Russell Brunson and I'm on a journey to help entrepreneurs get unstuck so that they can get back to changing the world
 In the past 10 years, I've built a following of over a million entrepreneurs like you
 So hundreds of thousands of copies of my books popularized the concept of sales funnels and co-founded a software company called click funnels
 It helps tens of thousands of entrepreneurs to quickly get their message out to the marketplace
 If you've got questions, I've got answers. Here's how it works step number one go to Instagram and create a video asking me your number one question
 Step number two tag me at at Russell Brunson so that I can see your question
 Step number three use hashtag ask Russell anything so my team is notified and then each week
 I'll pick the top 10 questions and answer them on Instagram live after each question. I'll drop the mic
 But for the best question each week will ship you out your own drop mic
 Now make sure you follow me on Instagram to see if I answer your questions live
 asking your questions so that you can get it stuck and get back to changing the world
 What's up everybody? I'm officially live right now and check out. I'm gonna try to make the same face as I'm this pitcher
 I look good. Okay, hey welcome everybody
 We're hanging out for a few minutes while everybody is jumping on here on Instagram live
 I'm really excited because today is the first ever inaugural
 episode
 I would say issue, but it's not issue an episode of the drop the mic show and
 We've got a lot of fun about to happen to you guys and this is the check out the graphic that Jake did behind me
 that was him right here yeah, and
 This is the pop quiz for everybody who's paying attention watching right now
 Because that's obviously my blue face, but can you tell whose hand that is this is?
 In fact anyone who gets this wins a free one-day consult with me if you can guess it in the next like 10 seconds
 That's like that's like
 That's yeah, we actually we just told some hundred thousand dollars that and they're saying they said yeah
 So it's hundred thousand our bones. They mean gets the next ten seconds whose hand is this in the image?
 nine eight some said blue man group
 Nope five four three note not Tony - one okay, that's close that is actually Walter White's hand
 Brian Cranston so there you go
 We had a morphin in there to make it
 Happen so this is the drop mic show. We got a bunch of you guys here
 So just really quick background earlier this week we had an idea like how fun to be to use it like right now
 Haven't been doing a lot of cool stuff on Instagram without we should so we're doing Instagram live now once a week
 We're gonna ask any question you have we call it a drop the mic show
 The way this game is played is you ask me a question on video in fact over the last three is we've had 22 questions come in
 this is my panel of marketing geniuses here who have been going through and
 Pulling these questions out so they pick the top 10 favorite questions
 I'm gonna answer all those questions and when it's over each question
 I'll answer then we will drop the mic that is officially means your question has been answered and then at the end of it
 These four this is the panel judges right now first you were experts on your judges. Sorry
 And geniuses they're gonna vote on who's got the best question the best question. We were gonna ship you out your very own
 Drop mic. Yes. I bought everyone in stores now. We have them all so you want to drop my only
 It's on the drop the mic show which is happening right now
 So that's how it plays if you guys want me to answer your question next week
 This is how it works following instructions on the video go submit the thing and then next week
 We'll pull the questions and we'll answer them the same way
 But big this suggestion from the questions we got in here if you do like a
 I guess it's even with a minute limit interest is going minute limits
 Some of you guys still decide talked forever and then very right. What do you have a question like just say your name
 Ask the question and we can get to business. I are again. So with that said
 This has been YouTube we've had YouTube guys in town always. I'm speaking anyway. I can so first question
 All right. Here's our first guest
 Here we go. What's the name we got here?
 This is Jill's
 So this is Leslie. Okay, Leslie got question more first off Leslie. Congratulations. You got question number one and we're gonna play this here
 so you can kind of see it and
 Let's see the question is hi Russell. Here's my question for you
 How come my teenager become financially independent of the summer using click funnel?
 Even if you don't have a product that is on he says he's ready to start this week by selling reflex racing handguards and then by a step back
 We're looking forward to you answering this question so we can drop the mic. Oh
 All right, so good question
 So I'll recap the questions the question was how can my kids right who are 15 years old?
 What can they do to make money and click funnels this summer so that they can have some money they can drop the mic they get that
 Right, so how can a teenager basically make money with click funnel?
 So great question now. I have not pre read these questions either because I wanted to be able to do this on the flags
 It's more fun that way so a couple of things
 She said what was she said they had they had something some products
 Handle reflector so there's two kind of ways to number one if that's what you want to sell then you can go and create a
 Final but number two they especially bright teenagers something might be a lot faster to do
 That I would do is first off as I get them to go inside a click funnel
 And learn it become good at the editor and actually making pages and understanding funnel hacking and just geeking out on that
 Okay, I've got I've got five kids as many guys know my oldest twins are 11 almost 12 and both then know how to play
 Clickfunnels how to move things around how to add images and things like that
 And so what I would do is I would have them build a little tiny funnel for themselves
 So their own little business that teaches that it basically talks about how they built this funnel and
 And their skills and what they're learning and stuff like that and then what I would do is I would go around
 To like my local area try to find like a strip mall or try to find something
 There's a couple little businesses something fun like that and have them go in and say and basically knock on the door
 Cuz I don't know by you
 But if there's a kid that comes to my door cold calling and he's like hey
 I'm 12 I'm 15 years old and we'll talk to the owner
 Most entrepreneurs are gonna be like fired up by that and I would let him come in and if you can you see look
 I built my very first funnel. This is what it is and it'd be something simple
 You can even make it actually we're calling these inside the ox called hero funnels
 We're here funnels basically
 It's like you your picture your social media
 You're like like links to all your stuff
 Right and so make having to make their own hero funnels and then go to these business owners
 They you need a hero funnel right now you got this website
 But doesn't do much you need a hero funnel and you know
 I can build the hero funnel for you free and if you like it at the end then I only charge $500
 But let me build it first
 See if you even like it and then I would go and I'd build the hero fun
 I walk around their office
 I get my camera out take pictures of their staff and their people and like little things like that
 So set them up on Twitter on Instagram a couple places link to those things and then create that hero funnel with them in the
 And experience the whole thing in the office and I promise you as a young entrepreneur if you're in an office of
 Business owners and people and you go through that work and you think you put it afterwards
 Most people will give you at least the $500 you ask a lot of people give a lot more just because they think you're awesome
 And that is the true thing so that be what I would do really quickly if I was 15 year old and want to make some money this summer
 And there you go. That's question number one. Is that good you guys?
 Awesome. Can I drop the mic?
 Yeah. Alright, we're gonna drop it
 It has been dropped first mic has been dropped. All right. Yes, mr. Flip. Oh, I flipped a bedroom
 Okay, number two
 Alright, what we got number two
 All right, this is from a social social smart penguin and he's asking how do I know if there's a market for my course idea?
 I want to teach fundraising for missionaries and small nonprofits
 How do I know if there's a market for my course idea? Okay, what's what's his name again?
 Social smart penguin all right, so social smart penguin asked how does he wants to create a course and wants to head
 I'm like, how do I know if this course is actually gonna make money, right?
 And so that's one question then the same question was his course was actually what was it actually for?
 Fundraising for missionaries fundraising for missionaries and small non-profits. Okay, so a couple things
 Number one the best way to find out if your idea is gonna work is go into a market and make sure somebody's selling something similar already
 Okay, we are in a marketplace that is um, not brand new. It's mature
 Um, there are few markets that are untapped and using the untapped ones because there's no money and so people stop trying to tap into them
 So for you you gotta understand that is if I can find somebody that's something that's selling something similar
 Not the same product if you've read the expert seekers book
 You know the machine red ocean and blue ocean like you still need to create your own blue ocean
 But are there red oceans right now selling something similar like if there's not a red ocean anywhere?
 Means the fish and the shark have disappeared right?
 So I need to make sure I've confined a red ocean and I try to create my own blue ocean side that's number one
 Number two, um, I always tell people like you need to make sure you hit a market that has two things
 Number one they have to be willing to give money
 Okay, so they're willing to do it number two. They have to be able so willing and able two things
 Um, so willing means I would love to give you money. Okay. Does that market like to give people money?
 Do nonprofits like to give people money for education
 Do they?
 I don't know either
 I'm not sure my guess is the most non-profits keep their profits. Is that right?
 So I don't think they're they're they're willing not to spend my special name for props that'd be my one concern number two is are they able?
 Um, if they're broken on profit and you're trying to get to help them to raise money, they're probably not able either
 So I would be concerned about that
 Um, but you could take those same skills and you could go and you could
 And you could create something for a business that isn't profit make some money and then give money to that nonprofit
 I would I know we had a couple questions about VC or not VC about nonprofits like um
 Anyway, and I maybe answer those when we get there, but the biggest thing is just like
 Um, a lot of times like I do charity work and I give money to different organizations and things like that
 Um, because I love them. I care about it. I serve people for free
 I do lots of stuff like that because I love it and I care about the market not so much because I want to make it in business
 I want to make a business. I want to find a hot market
 Okay, so what's the three step form if you're ready to express secrets find a hot market ask what they want and give it to them
 So that's what I'm looking for and then I can donate the money
 I make parts of it where I can serve give time things that it's a charities and also
 I'm not sure if this is true or not, but I think it is
 Um, if you do charity work for people all times
 That can be attacked right off like let's see you normally charge $10,000 an hour from insulting
 You can go and you can work for free for a charity and then they can actually write it off
 And uh, and you get that as a thing. I believe that's true
 I don't know I can't do a journey. Don't trust me
 This is not legal nor financial advice, uh, but if you're wondering that's kind of it, right?
 So is that good guys?
 Can I drop the mic?
 All right, so we actually had a drop mic
 Anyway, I broke my first drop mic when we were filming the intro video. I think this might just broke too
 Um, someone want to fix a drop mic wall. I'm uh, I'll hang out one hand on the camera
 All right, so there's question number two. All right. These are good questions you guys. Okay, um, don't forget if you want your question answered
 Uh
 Make a video on instagram and tag us at russellbrunston and then hashtag ask rustle anything and then we will
 See it and get a top 10 questions. We're gonna come back and answer next week. All right question number three. Yep
 So heather asks how did you stay saying throughout your entrepreneurial journey and how did you fight burnout and keep your wife happy?
 All right
 What's your definition of sanity and uh, all right, so heather asked and this is a great question. So heather asked how did you?
 Regan how did you stay sane?
 How did you say sane during your entrepreneurial journey and
 And how did you fight burnout and keep and fight burnout? Keep her happy. Okay
 First off if you're an entrepreneur by definition of the term you are not going to be completely sane
 Um
 Because like it's one of those things like if you especially after you've gone through it
 Like if you would have known what you had to go through to be successful an entrepreneur before you probably wouldn't have done it
 Like to be completely honest like it's not like all sunshines and roses
 It's more like walking into a boxing match and getting the face your face pounded in for a long time
 So if you're in it and I did a whole podcast on
 Yesterday actually if you listen to marketing stickers podcasts that did an episode
 They said the number one way I'll know that I know if you're just gonna be successful or not
 Uh, it has to do with what your motivation is 100% so if your goal becoming an entrepreneur is like I want to make money
 Almost 100% of time you will fail this game
 Actually probably 100% if you come in and your goal is like I want to like I want to help something or surf
 Or whatever it is right like if you're fired about something that gives you the motivation to actually stick through the pain
 Because you get beat up every single day. I saw Kayla mags just jump on you're like Kayla knows like
 Kayla gets beat up on facebook on com. It's like I get beat up like it's a brutal thing
 So you have to be so obsessed and passionate about the person you are serving that all that stuff just goes away
 That's number one number two burnout burnout is a huge thing especially when you are
 Especially when you're just first trying to build something because it's not like
 Um people always ask me. What else? How do you keep your your life so balanced? Like are you kidding me?
 Okay, nothing good in life happens because you're balanced
 I want you guys to understand this okay like if you when you bet your spouse or potential spouse someday you will
 Like when I met my wife, my life was not balanced like 100% of my attention to my wife and everything else struggled
 Like I kept doing wrestling but school completely just dropped off
 Like anything you have to like you have to learn how to unbalance your life for a period of time to get greatness in anything
 Right when I was wrestling my life came completely unbalanced towards wrestling
 So I could focus on so I can master so I could become that person and everything else had a suffer and then it came back
 Happened to my relationships everything same thing happened in business like there was a time where your life comes extremely
 Unbalanced and you gotta be okay with that and then it's gonna snap back
 You're trying to keep a balanced life. It's not gonna be okay
 So there's gonna be burnout but just understand that burnout is happening like when this starts burning out
 That's when you need to snap back and come back into these other things as well because it's um I had uh
 Someone I look up to you. I remember he was doing a presentation one time and he held up this he held a rubber band
 With a rubber band and uh it doesn't matter if it's fine
 Everyone's like ready to rub the band and he's like he's like look at a rubber band like he's like
 It's really interesting like um if you just hold it like it flopping like this it doesn't do anything
 It's just useless right and it's like oh and some people have like honestly that's their life
 Like they're just there and it's kind of like they're useless
 Rubber bands are meant to be stretched and if you stretch them and they can hold things together like they're useful when they're stretched right
 But you stretch it too far what happens boom snaps
 So you have to understand start learning yourself
 You have to understand like if I don't know anything i'm useless
 But I need to be stretched to be useful if I stretch too far I'm gonna break
 So for me it's like I get unbalanced to be able to accomplish something great
 But then before I snap I have to come back and like get back into normality
 That's a big thing and then the third part of this question was about the spouse
 Um number one is I'm a huge believer in you can only be as successful as your spouse will allow you to be
 Um, so if you haven't picked a spouse you pick the right spouse is number one
 Um number two if your spouse is not into this whole thing
 Um then I would recommend sticking with your spouse not this thing
 I guess probably counter to a lot of people say but um there's a quote from david. I'm okay
 He said that no success can compensate for failure in the home and that's true
 So like if your spouse isn't on board
 It's gonna be hard for you to really succeed in this business
 And so a lot of times it's better to not and just get back to like what's gonna make you guys both happy
 Because that's much more important than all this crazy stuff. We're doing number three if your spouse is on board
 It's still gonna be hard. So what I found this is my personal thing
 If I tell my wife uh in like like 15 minutes like hey
 In 15 minutes or like if I call her I get five o'clock night hamming people in all my dinner tonight guess what happens
 She is
 Hissed for a long time, but if I tell her three days earlier like hey on thursday night
 We gotta stay late. Is it cool if we if I pull him on my turn should I like oh sure so for me it's like all about
 Uh study expectations way ahead of time
 And so like if I'm like hey tomorrow night, I'm gonna fly out to whatever and like I just want to take off and do something
 Super bad horrible idea if I just think if I'm if I'm um
 If I tell her like in advance like hey two weeks when I got sick then she's okay with it
 She can prepare herself for that's been big for me the other secret
 I probably shouldn't share this one camera kiss my wife hears
 He doesn't want it. Yeah, this will this will be spike the mic if I give this one
 Okay for any of you guys who travels entrepreneurs
 You will find this this is like the good stuff
 Okay
 If you guys like this when you have to share this show in its life because it's important all right
 So as an entrepreneur um when you travel this is what you do you could be traveling and it'll be so much fun
 You'll be hanging out with people if you know seminars events and you'll be taking pictures of smiling and eating good food
 Hanging out with people and you send it back to your spouse who's home with your kids
 Stress out they're drooling in on them puking all night like stuff that happens as a parent right
 And they're seeing you having fun and guess what they will resent you
 It just it happens. I've seen it's not just to me. I've seen it happen with most of the people I travel with in this business
 Um the secret I found is the one time I was on a trip
 I was miserable and when I mentioned my wife I talked about miserable I was and then she was so sympathetic when I came home
 It was way better. So when I travel guess what I don't send pictures back of
 The fun guess what I do the stuff is hard in that way it anyway, it's a secret. Don't tell about that
 But I promise you this it works. All right you guys do it that
 Then answer the question
 I don't want to speak about these things anyway. I'm gonna drop it though
 All right, there's number that was three right
 Number three k
 Oh, it's up. Oh, it's up. Has anyone picked Dave asks?
 Okay, so Dave asked how do I build a funnel for cabinet hardware company where people tend to buy ones and be done
 Do I need to change my product or customer base?
 All right, this is gonna be fun. Okay. Dave is asking. I'm gonna grab the mic.
 Dave is asking
 This is so fun. It doesn't really work, but it's like I use I feel like legit
 All right, so Dave's asking how do you build a funnel for a company like a cabinet making country where I
 Customers buy cabinets once not like a billion times. How do you do that?
 Um, all right, so a couple things I would do number one and I know this because right now my house is being demolished
 We're putting it home in the kitchen. So prior to somebody wanting to demolish and get kitchen
 Where do they start thinking about?
 What are any cabinets and countertops? They start looking for things
 So first thing I was I make some kind of landing page that was like the top hundred coolest
 Looking cabinets that I was able to find online and I go to Pinterest and search a bunch of cabinets
 And make a page and have all these things in here. It's make a simple opt-in box
 It was like opt in here to see the hundred coolest cabinets. Okay. I saw this work really successfully in the real estate market
 There's got a locally here who didn't want to sell like hundred thousand dollar homes
 So we thought I'm gonna make a web page and then a funnel and basically I'll have some opt-in to be able to get email
 Every week the most expensive houses for selling Boise, right smart. Who are the people opting to see the most expensive houses in Boise?
 Probably the people that got money. So I opted in I was like, oh and every week you get like here's the eight houses
 They're out of the cell for over a million dollars. I see him
 I'm like, oh, this is cool and that dude I met him
 He actually interviewed me on a radio show and I asked him how the whole thing worked
 He's like, yeah, it's cool because I don't have to go out and show houses hundred thousand houses
 People call me or people that want million two million three million dollar houses
 I'm just emailing them. He's like I built a list of over 5,000 people here locally in Boise and every week
 I email them out in most expensive houses and make deals all day long
 So I do the same thing with cabinetry show them all bunch of cool stuff
 If you're the guy sending those things, um, then they're gonna be one that reach out to you
 That's number one number two funnel I would do is I would do a funnel. That's like a high ticket funnel
 I'd find somebody who I did the most amazing job. I would go to their home
 I would film like the cabinets and like before and after just get really cool like video
 And I would show that so someone can have something I custom cabinets
 Click here to see our most recent work and they come to the page and there's a video that shows this transformation of
 A home like before and the after and all that kind of stuff and then they down below bank
 If you like me to come to your house, you know, unfortunately, we can't do everybody's because we're really busy
 You know, we're one man two men shop
 Which is why this looks so good and we only do you know one a month
 But if you're just gonna be one of our 12 people this year one of our one month put your name email address down below
 Uh, and let me know and actually I wouldn't do just email you I haven't actually applied apply why you think that
 Um, the years would be the best because I like, you know, I want ones that we can do dramatic changes
 Um, you know, however you want to pitch it to position to get the right client
 Customer you want, you know, we're looking for higher end homes. We're looking for rehab
 Whatever it is the kind of customer you want I'd position that way have them apply and you get applications
 Then you're calling it them instead of you trying to pitch them on like why didn't you expensive cabin check?
 Hey, how's it going?
 So uh, we do one person a month that you probably saw from the video
 We have an opening in june in one in december and cures like uh, why you think you'd be the right person for us to do this for?
 Um, because what we do is artists. I mean you go find someone for 50-50 bucks to put in cabinets
 But if you want like something amazing, um, this is you know
 I need to know why you're the right person because we want to cook case study this we want to show it
 Um because we're artists and that's how it works and guess what you can pay a lot more people pay a lot more for art
 And they will for anyone else and then to take away sale now they're pitching you on why you should
 Do cabinets for them which means they'll spend more which means everything else gets good. Is that good?
 Yeah, am I allowed to drop it? Did I earn it?
 We're dropping the mic
 Oh, man. All right
 This thing is taking a beating today. How many drops per mic are you supposed to actually have?
 I got literally just broke it again. All right
 Um, maybe we should get down. We have the purple
 Uh, so we get the okay. We uh, we did we funnel hacked funnel universe
 You guys are members of funneling university by the way go to funnel you calm and you can get
 All of our news that every month we uh, we funnel hacked two people but um, we funnel hacked purple and mattress company last month
 So I ordered um
 A mini version of the mattress and so i'll drop it on this because it's really really soft that
 Dave yesterday, uh, if you watched if you've been watching my instagram stories
 Uh, he sat on this with an egg and it didn't crack and they stepped on and it completely cracked
 So we're gonna drop the mic
 On purple. See let's just try it real quick
 Oh much better much better. Okay much better. All right, where are we at?
 So we have a guy h larnson. It says
 Uh, we sell protein blend and have been acquiring customers with the free plus shipping offer
 So he knows the stuff a little bit
 We would like to get our customers on to an auto ship program
 Um at what point should we sell auto ship?
 Immediately or later?
 Cool. What was your name again?
 Guy what's up guy? All right guys
 So your question is run our some protein we're in free plus shipping
 My question is when should we introduce continuity? Great question. So, um
 Two things I would say
 Um, number one if you watched um, if you saw drew penoli if you seen the organifi funnel we helped in design
 I mean first design initially we just had one three and four bottles
 Um and guess what? Nobody's not for continuity because it wasn't there. So if you look at their thing, it's interesting
 Um, the way they priced it the one three and four, but then they also have in um, they basically two buttons like this is one is let's say
 You know 79 dollars a bottle or if you get an on auto ship, it's 5999 and a bottle whatever it is
 So you're making the pricing so that they'd be more on to not do auto ship and just have it there
 Um, same thing um, Dave asked people with bolt proof when you buy bolt proof stuff same thing
 It's like say 15 percent of you on subscription
 Amazon doesn't know so I would just on the actual page have that as an option now
 People are used to it's happening more and more even in like the mainstream like get amazon's and things like that
 So I would have it there the second thing though is for those who didn't get on continuity then the next
 Um, you know somewhere else in the funnel and I wouldn't wait too long
 I'd probably wait long enough and to get it and be consuming it. So maybe 30 30 days 45 days later
 For those who didn't get on continuity then I would have a huge really cool campaign that was basically a video of
 um
 I do I do I just got a funny video that like explain the situation they're in right
 It's like get a video of you in your house with an empty tub with protein. You're like, oh crap
 It's done. They're like how's something you're approaching?
 They'd be like eggs like they're like crack eggs trying to drink those plain like puking and then trying to do and like finally
 Five or six funny situations where like they're probably in right?
 I'm a big supplement guy. Take a 800 a day, right?
 So I know that feeling when you're in the supplement cabinet open the bottle and it's emptying you're like
 Dang it. How am I gonna get this, you know vitamin D?
 I guess that's go sun tanning or whatever, right?
 But make a funny thing on it and then uh and then send that video out 30 days back
 Hey, is this you yet if not, you know go watch this video
 So it happens when you when your first thing runs out like morning
 This what happens when your first bottle runs out and show that show four or five fun
 You little things about what else they they'd have to do to get that same thing that that they would have got if they had your product
 And then they'll be like oh, and then people laugh it connects them with you
 And then they're more likely and then offer continuity right then at that point
 Um, that'd be how I would kind of do it. So is that fun?
 All right, am I loud? My cushion. We're dropping the mic, but we got the purple cushion now below. Okay, here we go guys
 and
 Much less damage to the mic
 It didn't make the ding now. We need like a sound effect site. Dang
 So you guys think I really dropped it. All right. What question are we number?
 Have we done we're in three four five four. So this is number five
 All right, we're on question number five is miles queued up. Yep. Are we watching this one?
 Or no, okay, this is who it is?
 Johnny what he's got the same shirt we all have on
 We're not confusion soft. We've got confusion soft and confusion soft
 It's confusing. It's usually confusion soft Fridays. Yeah, it's Thursday today
 So everyone you everyone you see on all of our funnel hackers out there
 It's um friday is our confusion soft friday where everyone the officers confusion soft shirts
 If you have them, where on friday with us? All right, miles you're up. Yep
 So john asks I do a lot of different things
 Should I be focusing on different funnels for each of these businesses or should I build a massive funnel that takes people through my entire
 entire journey of what I do
 Okay, what's his name again? John john all right john let's talk about this. So this is
 This is the pros and cons of us entrepreneurs in one side. We are super human because we can do all through the weird crap
 Second side is with such bad ad that most of times nothing ever gets done because it's trying to do 30 things at once right
 So this question. I don't know everything all the info behind your business
 So it kind of there's kind of two different directions. Number one is if you're going to read against I make sure I got it right
 Yeah, so I do a lot of different things
 Should I be focusing on different funnels for each of these businesses or should I build a massive funnel that takes people through my entire journey of what I do
 Okay, cool. We grab the the big board right there the seven eight eight design
 Okay, so this is a cool question. So
 Um, it depends on where you all are currently in your life cycle
 So number one is if you're going through this whole process what I recommend doing
 This is like gary v one-on-one is like document the process of you figuring this stuff out
 If you don't know, it's not I'm doing all the time. We're documenting between this between this camera
 Like I'm just talking about the journey to share people because it's really very interesting
 um, but with that said is
 Is okay. This is right here. So two comical coaching those are coaching members. I talk about everyone like there's three phases
 Is to mean it's gonna be inverted for you guys, huh? Anyway, basically it's like how to go from zero to a million
 A million to 10 10 to a hundred million. There's different things these point
 But the first step we're going zero to a million dollars
 The whole goal this step is to figure out what we call the what and the how
 What am I actually selling and how am I selling it? So your questions? I do a whole bunch of things right now
 Which I keep doing that the question is like it depends if you're in that phase and you don't want to sell or how to sell yet
 Then yeah, I keep doing a bunch of things the first
 Man selling it years my business. I was launching this and this and I was different markets
 We had 12 businesses and 12 different markets. We launched in a year, which is the whole world. I did do not do that
 Um, but a whole bunch of things like that. So we're all over the place
 Um, and then what's interesting is
 It's from that though by doing it. I was able to figure out like one or two businesses the right the right ones
 Eventually was like the one I figured like this is what I wanted to sell and this is how to sell it like by the house
 Like is it through a webinar? Is it through a trip? Like how do how do like what's the messaging?
 How do I what is I'm selling it? How am I selling it?
 Right and so if you're in that phase right now, that's okay
 Do they like be doing a couple things because you don't know what your actual business is going to be
 But as soon as you get one that actually works
 Um, and this is the definition of how you know it works
 And it might you know that a business works when you're able to get it to a million dollars in a year
 Like that's it if your business hasn't gone to a million dollars yet in a year
 You haven't figured out your what and your how yet like that's I'm convinced that as soon as you figure out the what and how
 Your business will within 12 months hit a million dollars like that's
 That's the gospel according to Russell. All right, so then you're and now you got the thing
 You got I got I figured out what I'm selling I figured how I'm selling it now
 I'm in a million bucks now you transition to phase number two where you turn the blinders on you delete every other business
 You shut them down you hide them you burn them you sell them you get rid of them and you do this thing
 It's really hard for some entrepreneurs
 You focus
 Really hard now the good news the F words the F words for entrepreneurs
 You focus on one thing okay, but when you focus is kind of fun because there's a way you can be unfocused and focused
 So click fun. It's when it became my thing when I figured out the what and how I transitioned and I shut off everything else
 We sold killed deleted destroyed everything besides click funnels, but then I started focusing on there's three ways to get people into your business
 Um, there's front end funnels or see me there's uh, there's okay. I'm gonna step back jay bram taught me this three ways to grow a company
 Number one is getting more customers number two getting them spend more again
 Number three is getting to buy more often so I call this acquisition funnels ascension funnels and then monetization funnels
 So then your focus on what funnels can I create to get more people into my things with me click funnels is my thing
 I'm creating funnels and things get people into that thing. So
 That's my answer. So it depends where you are in your journey right now first off document your journey on instagram or youtube
 Whatever you want to do pick your platform and then number two
 They're laughing at me
 Oh, Dave's eye
 Uh, all right, so
 Yeah, so the first phase if you're jumping on it's okay
 But you're doing that trying to you're doing that knowing that I'm doing that trying to fail
 What is my business and soon you figure it out the what it is and how to sell it
 You'll know when you hit it because you've made a million dollars within 12 months
 Then you transition over to focusing going deep. So there you go
 That good
 All right, there we go. We're dropping the mic guys
 It's like a bounce mic now instead of drop mic. Okay, that was number five
 Yes, it's a long time answer 10 questions
 That's gonna be a lot faster
 We have at bald scottie d
 Bald scottie d and he is indeed bald with an awesome beard
 What's the one thing in your business that you uh, what's the one thing in your business that made it just take off
 And then follow up to that question is what's the one thing out of your personal characteristics that makes your business take off
 Okay, cool. Um, so what was the one thing in my business that made it take off? Um,
 I'm gonna say it's two things as we talked about so the two things
 That you need to like again. There's so many entrepreneurs. I know that are in like the six figures, you know, six figure range
 That's fine. That's awesome
 But it's interesting like the difference between six figures and seven figures and seven and eight is not you spending more time working
 It's interesting. It's it's under it's like
 Being strategic about how you're working
 And so the first phase for me again when I launched any of my businesses are working entrepreneurs directly the first phase is figuring out what in the how like
 What are you selling how you selling? We've got to figure like we have to identify that
 Some people get that fast. Someone takes a long time took me a few years to figure out my what in my how and so
 But since you figure that out then it like it blows up really fast. So you're just like oh my gosh
 I am selling this product and it
 I found it's converting through webinar and that's it or I finished selling this product and we're selling on the phones
 I'm selling this product and we're you know like you figure out what in the how then it's so easy to scale because then you're just turning
 Turning the heat up but for most people they never figure that out and the hustling is selling a little bit of this
 So they're not getting something. It's like consistent because they may know what they're selling how to sell it's like let's say
 They're selling this really good product over there
 They don't how to sell so that I try this they make a couple of cells they try this and they're jumping from thing to thing the platform to platform
 You know just like but they never get more than like, you know
 Six figures are selling the kind of suck at that spot because you haven't figured out the what in the how so you identify that then boom it takes off
 So that's that's the one thing and then number two is the characteristic that makes you successful
 There's a lot of important characteristics, but probably that the best one is understanding that you don't have all the skills you need to make this work
 I am not superman. I'm only good at like one thing
 One thing is getting a whole bunch of really good people together to create something amazing. So like that's
 I think the biggest skill is being very self-aware like I'm really good at
 Jumping on a mic yelling and then dropping it, but I can't actually focus for more than 30 seconds or whatever your thing is right
 So I need to find someone focused one of my first mentors Alex Mendoza and he told me he said every business needs a starter and a finisher
 You figure out who you are and find the other person in partner with him. It's true. Like I'm a great starter. I suck at finishing things
 Okay, same thing. I'm like, I'm not technical. So I don't know how to I need a techie person
 It's what it's identifying what you're good at and being aware of that and then finding a team of people you can bring in
 It could be employees could be partners could be whatever bringing the right people that compliment what you do
 And then the way you can grow together and that's probably the most important skill because
 Everyone's like if I said it's sales, that's not always true. Like the best some companies
 Like the sales you don't have to be the sales person. Maybe you're someone else, you know
 Um, so it's kind of figuring out what you're not and then building the right team. That's the most important I would say
 So I'm good
 I
 All right, who that's that five
 So many crazy amazing comments in the chat people
 I wish I could see the chat comments very well. Can you guys can we do double taps? Parris go big a double tap
 Can you guys get the heart?
 You just like is it one you get heart you just one
 See like if you guys have fun like heart that thing as fast as you can
 And parris go big you do two so we have them double tap
 I don't know if you can do that other fly now. Yeah
 All right, all right, what question are we on?
 I'm guessing Napoleon dynamite by the way
 um
 Everyone's seen a writers. There's an Idaho movie
 Anyway, so no Napoleon dynamite was working out and then he comes out and the fonda asks him some question at where kip is and he's like
 Anyway, I always try to drink
 Every time I've a you know the water ball. I always try to drink like Napoleon like
 This one leaks out the top. This is not an appalling proof
 Millie put a hole just to mess me up. All right where we got how do you find a good finisher?
 Submit that question. Maybe next week. We'll hit it up. That's a good question. All right
 We've got a guy here Dennis with a funnel hacker t-shirt on says Dennis asked can you tell us about a time you launched a funnel?
 You thought was gonna kill it, but it actually flopped
 What did you learn from that and what can we learn as newbies from your experience? Was it again Dennis?
 All right Dennis this isn't a good question
 I'm kind of embarrassed about because it happens way more than you would ever believe
 Um, okay, so the dentist's question was what do you do when a funnel when you all said about funnel you're super pumped up and you launch it and then
 Dies number one most people to get idea for a funnel or a business and what first thing they do step in the ones they tell everybody know
 I think that's the stupid thing in the world to be equally honest
 Okay, when you have an idea for a business as an entrepreneur you should just shut up because
 What unfortunately is true is that the people around your life are not necessarily going to be all in on your new idea
 You're gonna be so excited fire if you tell them what's gonna happen
 They're gonna talk trash and talk and they're like, oh good job. Good luck with that
 And like that's what's gonna happen over and over and over again
 So then you go out there and you start trying to create this thing
 You have so much stress and build up an anticipation and if it fails everyone else is like
 Told you so and it's horrible
 So the other way like I never told anybody fact our team I came out the other day
 I was like as like we're almost about ready launch to the app and they're like what happened like
 Oh, I didn't tell you guys about we have an app coming out. I got me killing myself on for last
 Like I don't tell people on the head because I don't want that stress and pressure but not going to say number one. Number two
 Um, so I'm a I'm a wrestler and I was talking earlier. We got a guy here doing youtube training and he's like
 It's weird. I've seen a lot of successful wrestlers. Why do you think that is? I said
 Um, I think the reason why is because the wrestling like I would go out there
 I step on the mat like in my singlet like
 All nervous and awkward I go out there and like I would wrestle somebody and a lot of times they would beat me right and they beat
 The beat the crap out of my dad would film everything right so then at night we come home and I'd be like all sad and depressed
 And we'd watch the film and my dad would watch me. He's like, oh, you got you here
 Ah, you're reaching your arm here. Look at your elbow went up. Oh, you step too fast
 Oh, you're out of position and I was like, huh?
 As we take notes of all the things I did wrong and we go back to practice next week and we practice that and we practice like keep my arms
 And keep my and keep practicing and we'd adjust and get better and better and go back the next time in the next match
 Against the same person I went in fact my junior year
 Uh, the first match in my junior I was gonna be a state champ. That was my goal
 Went out against Nick Fresquez from Hunter High School and uh, he was he took second place the state the year before
 I was like, I'm gonna show everyone I went out there and he beat me
 Really good actually it was an embarrassing and I was so depressed because like crap like my whole identity was like
 I'm gonna be a state to actual everyone. This is probably I learned to stop telling everybody all summer long
 I'm gonna be a state champ until everybody in the first match I lost everyone's like, oh, I thought you'd be a state champ
 I'm like
 angry so
 But my dad captured my match with Nick Fresquez and we watched it every single day for four months
 It's a long wrestling season every single day for four months. We watched it and we drilled it watched it drilled it watched it drilled it
 and then um
 The state finals we actually met me Nick Fresquez in the state finals and what's interesting he beat me eight to four
 In the first match this season. I ended beating him eight to four and the final move in the match that I beat him with was the same
 Move he had done to me and I'd never seen the move prior
 But because I'd practiced every day for four months like I hit his move on himself and beat him and we're awesome
 So take that Nick Fresquez
 the moral of the story is
 Now because like I don't freak out in the funnel flops and it flops often they flop and you're like, huh that sucks
 But I didn't tell him when there's no pressure so I'm like cool guess who knows it flops only I did because nobody else even knows
 And we're not sawing they're like cool. That looks awesome and they don't know but what schools I do just like it interesting
 After we want and you can ask Stephen Stephen's here every single day. We launch the funnel and then what happens?
 Honestly, most of the time the first round
 It barely even breaks even and then we make all these adjustments who say hey
 It's almost like adult legos. That's how I was thinking of it. You take out like this one piece
 Oh, that's the weakest link we go fix that replay it and then fix that piece and replay it and it's kind of cool
 But that's how they work honestly every time I would still be like what is it?
 What's the price point thing you're selling so let's say it's a thousand dollar thing you're selling on a webinar
 So go and take a thousand dollars and you're gonna just gamble on you're gonna put it out there and just see right
 Let's say you have a $200 product. Excuse me
 You're gonna gamble $200 and you're spending $200 and trying to make one sale and if you don't
 Let's say i'm the thousand dollars
 But a thousand dollars in a drive-outs for a week
 Thousand dollars disappears. I look at all the metrics and like did I make a sale if I make a sale and make it sell and make sweet
 We broke even if I don't make a sell that doesn't matter either
 By because I got the data now then I look at every single page like how much did I spend per click how much
 Cost per opt-in how much percentage my opt-orate and I look at all the numbers in the in the funnel
 And then based on that we make the tweaks and changes then I go back to spend okay
 I spend another thousand bucks and try it again. See if I can break even
 If I didn't okay do it again and I do that until we until we break even or feel profitable
 And then we keep doing that over and over and over again
 So um, those are some of the things um, but don't stress out about it happens all the time
 But guess what every time you figure one out it all compounds right because you get more customers come in
 You learn some more you understand it gets better and better and um you don't see something cool
 You know two comic book awards we have for everybody else
 so like
 This is it all opened door real quick. I don't know this reception
 But this is everybody in quick funnels. That's one or two comic book awards so far
 What there's over a hundred of them, which is pretty awesome, right?
 And then back here are five more that we just got today
 We're making millionaires every single day, but this is this is not Russell being cocky
 Well, maybe a little bit, but uh who wants to see my two comic book awards
 one two
 These are all mine
 Three four five it goes around mine, right?
 So what's cool about is after you get the first time that you're like you learn less than you the next time
 It's better and it gets better and it gets better and like it's it's like I always tell people
 It's like pushing a rock up a hill the very first time
 It's like really hard and really stressful and it gets to the top and all of a sudden boom it starts going and there's less momentum
 And it gets easier and easier and easier like after you get your first two comic book award
 Next like 17 are really easy. So that's anyway, but don't worry about flopping
 It's going to flop just in fact inner circle members always tell them this is our about the launch their webinar
 They're all stressed out like what if it doesn't work? I'm like it's not gonna work
 Just bank on that spend a thousand bucks and we've caught me next week when we look at numbers and we'll start over again
 And then I really I'm like, yeah, it's gonna fail don't worry about it
 I tell your mom that tell your sister that tell everybody it's gonna fail
 And then they're not gonna get an added stress and pressure and you're gonna message me crying afterwards because you're planning on it failing
 Okay, like the market's gonna tell you like don't get all emotional based on the market
 It'll tell you whether you're right or you're wrong
 And if you're wrong that it's not something personal
 It's just you do you don't understand the market and you just make the tweaks and just and then you go again. So that's that works
 All right. Oh, I need to drop it. I all right. Should we drop the thing?
 Drop
 It's like six times. Thank you purple. Um, how many is that?
 I'm gonna have a good one
 Two more. What time is it? Is it like past my bedtime?
 Okay, two more questions. Who's that next one? Melanie? All right
 Body mind doc asks what is the best way to attract donors and donations for our nonprofit cancer treatment center? Oh
 What's his name yet?
 It's body mind doc body mind doc asked what's the best way to get a what was word awareness or money
 What is the best way to attract donors and donations for our nonprofit cancer treatment center?
 It was the best way to get donors and donations for nonprofit cancer treatment center. Awesome. Okay, number one
 I'm gonna talk about the worst way because this is what everybody does
 The worst way is to come to people who have money and say hey, you have money. I would like some can I have some?
 like
 People do not think we could hit up every single day by stuff like that. Okay, that's not a good pitch
 You have to even though it's charity and its donation you have to sell something okay people give money because
 And like yes in a perfect world that we don't live on so it's not actually ever happening in a perfect world
 People do things out of like the generosity. I give money because like
 Um with no strings attached. I just want to give money to serve people
 Nobody does that. Unfortunately, I wish we did but we're not we're all evil. Okay, we don't we all want something in return, right?
 So we give money because what we want to feel good. That's a selfish thing. Okay
 It's not I'm not saying it's wrong, but it's selfish to that person. Okay, we give money because they want something to return
 They want like you have to understand as humans we want something in return for our money
 If I'm gonna give something money
 I want something in return and I feel guilty saying that because that's like the bag
 Like we're a bad person because you say that a lot of people might think that right
 But it's true. No one's to give money this you're getting something else to return. Okay, so what are you giving them in return?
 Oh, you're gonna get a sticker that says you donated money to charity. Okay, like that's what people offer all the time
 You know what do these people actually want is it significance? Is it a product? Is it training?
 Is it sir? Like what is it that your actual donors want?
 Because they're not gonna admit it, but they want something in return for that. Okay, you have to like speak
 Like we can lie about and act like everyone's like all you know cares about philanthropic stuff
 There's Batman right here speaking of philanthropic
 But the real like honestly the real reason is understanding that
 People want something in return. Okay, and it could be it's a feeling that they're getting it could be feeling
 Whatever that is. So like if I'm doing something I want to create an experience that gives them that feeling okay
 Me at you asked me for money is not gonna help me you coming to me and like creating an experience helps
 Okay, so a couple good examples at number one
 The first time I ever gave money to charity outside of church donations and things like that
 Was to McLaren world teacher and he came to me and he just we had such a close connection and we're business partners
 So I just up initially just because like I like stew and he had the thing he was passionate about and I was like
 You know what?
 She was a cool guy. I'm gonna help him out and so I helped a couple times
 But what stew was so smart about he came back to me after we donated money a couple times
 He's like this is so cool like you're getting money back here
 If you experience this pro I've you experienced and you could feel what's happening because of the money you're giving
 That'll change everything and she's like you have to come to Kenya with me. I'm like, I'm not going to Kenya
 He's like you have to come. I'm like do I have to get shot to like yeah a lot of them I'm like
 Hmm, but he convinced me to come to Kenya. I got shots went to Kenya and I got there and like
 I saw the kids and I played with the kids and I saw where they slept. I saw what they ate
 I saw how they live. I saw their lifestyle and like I had such a connection to that and to the people that now
 We give a lot of money and we do things with an argument company every time someone builds a funnel
 We give a dollar to world teacher. It's building schools. Um, I went uh last year
 I'm taking a whole crew again this year like I had connection now and and that feeling is what drives me
 So for you, let's say it's cancer treatment plants that there's cancer treatment that you're doing
 You have to give that experience to people like I would create some amazing experience where you found people
 You can be potential donors and I would I would bring them somewhere bring them to a really nice fancy dinner and bring them to this place
 They can network with other people and it's just something cool to bring them together
 And then like I would have a bunch of kids who are struggling to cancer be the waitress and waitress or something
 They have this connection like wow these are the kids that are serving me like how can I how can I help them?
 Right or something like that I create an experience because that's what gets people to donate
 It's not you trying to say it's gonna be a tax right off and you're helping be like
 like
 Create the connection first and then people give you money because that's that's the key
 Um, I gave money to stew because I thought it was a cool guy, but soon you create that connection with the with the cause
 Then it became my cause too. And um, that's that's the key. So I hope that helps just any any chair any
 I I can't even tell you how many times like and it's not just charging on profits or big thing guys. I had uh
 The wrestling community like they always asked me donate money. I was just like dude create an experience
 If you said like hey Russell, this is the thing you Russell the boy say we're gonna bring you at the next tournament
 Next home match and hey you come down and like we're gonna make you an honorary like wrestling captain and give you wrestling
 shirts and singles and stuff and and like make a big deal and tell people you were great wrestler for the community like
 Um, would you you know, would if would you like to come down like yeah?
 It's like cool like all of our donors can come you can donate any level you want and the higher you donate like the more
 Prestige you like like whatever like we'll give you a gold medal versus a silver medal
 I'm like well how much do the guys the silver medal give my cal do twice that because I want the gold medal right?
 But now it's like an experience I can take it my kids there and show pictures and like now it's something cool for for me
 So I'm always thinking like in any business because non-profits charities
 It's still a business right like you're still gonna get money from people and so take everything out of the equation and think about like customer
 Like what do they want in exchange for their money?
 Okay, and like that feeling especially in charity stuff is what is what's the key to drives it? So there you go
 Did I even my drop my drop on that one?
 There we go
 Yeah, oh sit on the map
 All right last one who's got the last one all right here's the last question Bruno asks
 How can I use funnels to sell my photography service?
 So Bruno asks how do you sell how do you create funnels to sell photography service? All right, so
 I don't know enough about business to know exactly what it is because it could be like local photography wedding photography big photography
 Event photography so it doesn't really matter though the answer is the same okay like first off don't be
 A generalist don't be a photographer that takes pictures of everything because then like your person takes pictures of everything
 I specialize in something I do with them photography I do kid photography wedding photography back to school picture photography something picks something where you're like
 That's your thing and uh and then that's the number one number two go get a whole bunch of really cool pictures done
 But then don't just take the pictures
 Bring a video camera and capture the experience of the taking the pictures again
 It's a feeling the people are connecting with right the reason why they're gonna give you three times as much money as they give the next photographer because both
 He has the same camera. So why didn't give you more than someone else number one
 I want to know your specialist and what is it? I'm actually looking for number two is I want to create an experience
 Okay, because I don't know about you beginning pictures sucks
 Especially when you have five kids like I do you had to do hair and you had to comb their clothes and they're all angry
 And it's hot and they're tired like it's a bad experience
 So I get honestly like in fact I feel bad in my two-year-old we haven't got family pictures since she's been born
 Um and it was like two years participant four years since I've found pictures because
 There's this really negative emotional experience that I've had and my wife's had they kept us from it
 So if I went to a page and they showed the experience of like someone coming and picking up my kids in a
 Limo or something and they're coming out and giving flowers and then like this cool thing and then the photographers like video of him like playing with the kids and getting toys
 I'm like wow that guy's awesome with kids. It's not gonna be me jamming Swedish fish down my kid's mouth even quick crying
 Which actually is a true story?
 We literally had to bring a bag of Swedish fish and like bribe them and that only worked for like two hours
 And then like the sugar highs got it made even worse
 It was just it became really bad, but if I saw that and I saw the experience of like oh wow
 That was a cool experience and we was like yeah, we're three times as much
 But like it's it's a really good experience of like sweet. All right. I'm in
 So think about that. You guys like create a stick people are are craving experience
 I was watching sharking the other day and this interesting Cuban was investing in um
 in a business that was like uh
 It was like a Halloween one where like you know the anyway was the big experiential thing and he said the future of entertainment is
 experiential is like movies and stuff are gonna be going down and experiences are gonna be going up
 And that's and so I heard that and it's not even it's not just true in business
 It's true in like or excuse me. It's not just true and like in uh in entertainment. It's true in everything
 Like why do you guys like why do you guys funnel hackers? Why do you come to our events? Why do you use our software?
 Okay, like I think a big reason maybe I'm wrong
 I don't know but we're trying to be entertaining we're trying to fund like our events you come to our events
 It's like a rock concert. It's not like you go to other in our marketing events like
 A bunch of boring dudes on computers ever sleeping. It's just like and you don't go back
 You go once and that's it right you can't argue them over and over and over in creating experiences
 You think about you feel you have an emotional impact and connection with those things
 Okay, why am I doing it and ask Russell drop the mic show here on instagram
 I want you to have an emotional connection with me on instagram
 So every single week you're like I gotta watch the show because Russell connected with me at some level, right?
 Why don't you facebook lives? I want to connect to people on facebook
 Why am I do my youtube video where I literally carry this camera off me everywhere I go even though my wife's like quit putting that camera in my face
 I'm like it's not on just getting it is like why do I do that stuff?
 So if you want facebook have emotional connection, it's all about experiences, right?
 I sell like I'm a software company you guys for crying out loud. I'm a software company
 Like that's the most unemotional product in the world yet
 We're making this emotional experience for you guys
 Just why you come why you stick why you stay and why you pass and share our stuff
 Which is the plug for you is to pass and share myself. So there you go. Uh, anyway, so that's that's it. So
 I hope that helps. Oh
 That was it right. I answered the question. Fantastic.
 All right, we answer the question. I'm dropping the mic. So this is that's last one, right?
 This is number 10 the last mic drop of the night until we pick our winner. So here we go. We're dropping it
 That almost hit my toe. That would have been a horrible. I'm like
 All right, so now I found you guys so you guys I need to find out who had our number one question
 So this right so the way this game it works you guys for those who missed it actually we go back to this video real quick
 I'm gonna show you guys the intro video quick
 So you understand how this game is played because I want you guys to play again
 Uh next week with us. Um, we're doing the same thing next week. I'm actually on on location somewhere else as we do this
 But I want you guys to submit videos. We're gonna do this again next week. Um
 Shoot next
 All the isn't of the date and time. We're gonna start to find a consistent time. She hasn't planned on it, but we don't know what that is yet
 Uh, but what's gonna happen is
 Watch this video. Let's give me a structure about how to submit your question
 I've seen like thousands of questions come through here and I want to ask those questions like
 There's a process a method to our madness
 So I'm gonna watch this real quick and I'll show you what you're gonna win
 Because someone's about to win this and we'll announce our winner here in about 10 seconds
 Let me show you guys the video quick so you see the process
 My name is Russell Brunson and I'm on a journey to help entrepreneurs get unstuck
 So that they can get back to changing the world in the past 10 years
 I've built a following up over a million entrepreneurs like you
 So hundreds of thousands of copies of my books popularized the concept of sales funnels and co-founded a software company called click funnels
 It helps tens of thousands of entrepreneurs to quickly get their message out to the marketplace
 If you've got questions, I've got answers. Here's how it works step number one
 Go to instagram and create a video asking me your number one question
 Step number two tag me at at Russell Brunson so that I can see your question
 Step number three use hashtag ask Russell anything so my team is notified
 And then each week I'll pick the top 10 questions and answer them on instagram live after each question. I'll drop the mic
 But for the best question each week will ship you out your own drop mic
 Now make sure you follow me on instagram to see if I answer your questions live
 Ask me your questions so that you can get unstuck and get back to changing the world
 Boom
 All right, so that's how this game has played you guys
 So we had 10 questions
 We had 20 people submit questions 10 got picked for today's show if you have questions go submit them right now
 Again, uh do at Russell Brunson hashtag ask Russell anything so we'll see him
 We'll answer him next week on the show and
 These guys over here our amazing panel has been going through and picking our winners of today
 So who wants to announce the winner of our very first drop mic? So here it is
 This is where you're waiting. In fact drop my some of these awesome boxes. We'll close it out ship this one out to you
 Um, it's pretty sweet. So Dave who is the winner of our first ever drop mic challenge
 Dennis
 Yeah
 Oh, you have a photo flopping so Dennis, thank you for asking a photo flop
 They hope I answer your question. Um if you want a DM me your address
 We will ship you out your drop mic appreciate you submit your question and everyone who hung out today
 Uh, this is really fun. We'll see you guys next week at the same. No, no, no at the same time same guys
 I'll tell you when the time is happening, but we'll do this again next week guys
 Please jump on this thing to have some fun with this is a lot of fun and see if I answer your question. Thanks everybody
 We'll see you guys all again soon
 Bye
 Marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert seekers calm and book number two is called dot com secrets
 And you need your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back sass startup company in the world
 [APPLAUSE]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
