 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 I've had something special for you guys for the next three episodes. So me as no we've been recently doing the marketing secrets live show
 Because as much as I record in podcast is kind of fun right here the live versions
 Which means there's different energy people come on they ask questions. It's awesome
 So recently we did a marketing secrets live show and if you want to be on the next one we do make sure
 Go to clubhouse with Russell comms clubhouse with Russell comm when you go there
 It'll you can subscribe to the marketing secrets live clubhouse group and then when I go live you're notified
 It is on the clubhouse app, but it's fun because it pops up
 We can talk we you know you have chance hang out
 I bring a special guest and then I talk for a while and then we do Q&A at the end
 And so some of you have had chance to hang out with me and get your live questions answer so much fun
 So if you want to be part of that I'll just go to clubhouse with Russell comm
 It's free and we record these things live. So the last one we did
 It was a little over an hour long the first section
 I brought in some of my friends and guests and said ask them like what their biggest marketing secret was and
 These guys dropped gold. I guess so good in fact one of them to complete change
 I'm doing one of my funnels because it's just one idea it was amazing
 And then after I talked about some cool things that I'm interested in and we open a Q&A
 So I'm gonna take that live episode
 We're gonna break it out over three episodes and so this first one is gonna be where you have a chance to listen to some of my friends
 Coming in sharing their biggest marketing secret. So
 With that said, I'm gonna I'm gonna jump right into the to the the podcast
 You have a chance to listen in and like I said if you want to be on the next one go to clubhouse with Russell comm
 Go sign up
 Right now they're kind of sporadic. We'll probably find a date in time that's this consistent, but the format
 I'm really liking so it starts off with people coming on sharing their number one marketing secret
 Then I share the thing I'm most set by and then I open up Q&A. So make sure you get on the live ones. With that said
 I'm excited to
 But you guys kind of jump right in here to the last marketing secret live show we did
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody want to officially welcome you to marketing serious live show I'm so excited to have you all here
 This is really fun doing on clubhouse
 I've got five special guests who have agreed to come on today and share their biggest marketing secret before we dive into the actual podcast episode
 And so I'm really excited to have you guys all on for that
 In fact one of them is the dude who actually told me to join clubhouse back when it first came out
 And so I'll there just here here in a minute, but I wanted to lead first off with
 Anthony Morrison so Anthony is someone who I have known now for
 Before he knew me I guarantee I used to watch him on infomercials. I remember the very first time
 I saw him I we were at some event and he was
 Sitting at the table with all the cool kids. I was on the table next to him with none of the cool kids
 I was like someday I'm gonna meet that guy. We're gonna be friends. It's gonna be awesome
 And now I think he's won like
 2,000 to comic-level words from us. He's one of the people that has been a huge supporter since day one super grateful for him
 He's one of our in fact
 I think he is the top affiliate inside of ClickFunnels right now and not only top affiliate
 But again if you can see him this profile picture there on here on clubhouse. He's won pretty much every word
 We've gotten like four or five or twenty times. So with that said Anthony Morrison. How are you doing today bud?
 What's up, man? What's up doing good? How about you? I'm doing awesome. I'm having fun trying to this trying to do a podcast live
 So this is kind of a cool process
 but I know for you I know you got short on time so what I would love is
 You know obviously the podcast is called the marketing secret show and I would love for you to share whatever your biggest marketing secret is
 Right now inside your business is having success and with that I'll hand it over to you
 Yeah, absolutely. I mean look I got I mean I've got a few things obviously that that I'm working on and
 I think you know trying to pick which one is is always is always my thing right like which one
 That's gonna give the most value to the people listening here and I think that I think maybe for me
 It's it's probably still kind of going back to I know a lot of people wrestle that
 That are you know that are following you that are part of the clickfunnels community
 I mean most all of them are creating a product they're creating their own you know
 Their own informational product they want to get it out to the world and they're using funnels to make that happen
 And so I'll tell you my most
 Successful funnel. How about that? Well that'd be awesome. Yeah, that'd be awesome
 Okay, my most my most successful funnel for the past three years
 And it's uh, it's interesting because uh some of the some of the guys up here with me
 You know, I know perry uh chaotic heaven
 These guys have also been kind of instrumental in giving me tips and strategies and stuff over the last three years that that I've implemented in this funnel
 But it's a it's a funnel that sells a product for seven bucks
 So it's kind of against the grain
 Um, I know that we we often hear so much about how we want to we always want to sell
 For more sell at a higher price make you know make higher ticket sales for me
 What I did was I kind of went against the grain and I created a seven dollar product
 It's called partner with Anthony
 I don't suggest any of you go and buy it but you can go look at the sales page and
 Check it out and see what it, you know, see how we've set it up
 But the cool thing about this is is that I started I started thinking about how like Russell set up these funnels, right?
 And it's you know with the intent of the minute that somebody hits this page
 We want to essentially funnel them right into becoming a buyer, right?
 And so what I thought about Russell was why do we stop the funnel?
 There like why can't the education?
 Also be a funnel. Why can't we have an educational funnel so that once they buy through your sales funnel
 Your education
 Also becomes a sales funnel. And so what we did with this product was we said, hey, look
 Let's get as many people as we can into our ecosystem by selling something for seven bucks
 And then once people get into the education once they're in this this educational platform
 Let's create the education in a way. They kind of is broken down almost like you would do
 I mean look you do this at funnel hacking live and and I know everybody else it does events
 You know you you do this long three-day event
 And at the end of that event there's a there's a sale
 But all the information
 In the in the previous you know two two and a half days
 Was was designed to help create
 The desire for people to buy that thing that's being sold
 And so that's what I do inside of the education
 The education is designed to create content for purpose. So that's what we really do and the purpose is
 To deliver the value and on the promise that we made
 So if we teach people like in the partner with anti-program we're teaching them to become
 Affiliate marketers. We're showing them how to how to be affiliates, right?
 So we want to make sure our
 Is up you're you're not like just you're not paying attention to everything you're hearing
 Because you're also looking for like what's he gonna sell me? What's the price gonna be all that stuff?
 But when we trans when we transfer ourselves out of that and we put ourselves into the education that we've purchased
 We let our guard down a little bit. We quit being so closed off. We quit looking for red flags
 We quit looking for what's gonna cost me this and what's gonna cost me that and we really start to consume
 The the information that we bought
 And when you do that when you have a person in that environment
 It's much easier to sell them, right?
 Because they don't realize they're being sold you're selling through education
 And so that's what we do with this little seven dollar funnel. We push as many people as we can
 Into this educational
 sales funnel if you will
 And throughout that education we sell and a lot of people ask me man
 Like how am I the you know number one quick funnels affiliate?
 I don't ever run like specific promotions. You never see an ad for me on on facebook
 That says here, you know, come on quick funnels. It's awesome
 It's always sold through education like that is how I've sold all of these these quick funnels accounts
 It's i'm selling through education
 Not necessarily through my sales funnel
 And so partner with Anthony is one of those things that that allows me to sell quick funnels through my education
 So I would say cool like one of the one of the things you ought to start looking at is don't stop your sales funnel
 At the end of the sales funnel
 Just transfer that selling into your education and start creating this educational sales funnel
 So that once somebody comes through now you continue to sell through education
 That funnel man is doing seven figures a month
 For our for our company at a seven dollar price point
 It's actually more successful than pretty much any funnel i've ever run
 And it's been successful on every platform, you know, we find like high ticket low ticket all these they work in different platforms
 I mean we're able to have positive
 Return on investment from facebook from youtube ads from youtube organic and pretty much anywhere and everywhere we promote it
 So, um, maybe just don't always look at the highest ticket item
 Um, if you if you really want to create a
 Company and a business that's going to thrive and going to continue to grow
 I mean in my opinion. Anyway, you need buyer velocity. You need a lot of buyers
 You need a lot of people coming into your ecosystem so that they're you know
 So that they're introduced not only to your brand but also all of your products
 And this little seven dollar funnel is how we're making it happen
 That is awesome. Um
 I think it's interesting too, especially the way you do it because the the education is not free at seven dollars
 But then like inside of the education you're recommending the tools and the things like that
 And so I think some people are maybe nervous like oh, well, what if they feel like i'm up selling them on the next
 Info product whatever, but it's like you're not only selling the info
 But you're selling the tools that you need to implement the thing that they they just learned, right?
 Which I think is fascinating
 Think about in college, right? Like this always amazes me
 So people always say well, wait a minute people are going to get mad when you sell them something
 Well, I know people look we all know this if you if you if I go to your website russell and I click buy
 And then right after I click buy and I put in my information and then you you have a little video that pops up
 It says but wait you can upgrade and get all this better stuff people are like, oh man. I'm so mad
 Why don't you just tell me everything up front, right? Like we hear we hear that people don't love upsells
 But here's what's interesting when the upsell is within the education like this and it's not positioned necessarily as an upsell
 But more so as either an essential tool or an added benefit something that can help you grow within this course
 People don't don't feel the same way about it
 And if you think about it, it's a lot like college
 You pay all this money to go to college the minute you sit down
 In a you know in a in a desk that they they give you a list of all the books
 You got to go buy and they charge you thousands of dollars for these books that are 20 years old
 And then they say hey, you got to have a specific calculator and you got it and people go and buy all those things
 And they're not mad at the college. They don't go screaming and hollering at the college saying you didn't tell me
 I needed to calculate or in these books
 I mean, you know what I'm saying? So like once it's something that you're using
 to
 To I guess to consume and implement the education that you've purchased
 I think that that disdain for the upsells kind of fades a little bit and it becomes more of like
 Hey, I'm going to do this because I've already bought into this
 So now I need to get all the tools resources and help that I can to make this work
 Very cool. Well, awesome man. I appreciate that's an awesome tip
 We could teach the whole like three-day course on that concept alone
 But hopefully it gives everyone's listening like there's a nugget
 There's a marketing secret that you guys can all look at as I how do I build a front education system that
 But it sends people to my other products and services or the ones I affiliate for and then selling it for seven dollars
 You can get as many people in as possible as it's awesome. So thanks, man. I appreciate you sharing that marketing secret
 Absolutely now
 Very cool. All right with that said we'll move on to our next guest
 We've got five total here. So let me see number two
 Let's see. How about we bring on kevin daveid so kevin um, I actually met kevin for the very first time f final hacking live when he was
 Um on stage getting a two-com club award and then I met him the next year getting his two comic club x award and uh,
 Anyway, someone who's been just killing it
 Um, he's got a huge youtube channel. He's got a bunch of other stuff
 Want a whole bunch of awards from us dream car winner a bunch of other things. Uh, with that said kevin, how are you doing today?
 Hey, what's up russell? I just want to take a minute to appreciate amphanies
 Okay, awesome. I just said I wanted to appreciate anthony's profile picture for people who are on the podcast not seeing it
 He's like literally standing in front of like
 Every award that click funnels has ever created
 Um, and it's just an epic picture. So I should I should repost that somewhere
 Um, but yeah, no, it's it's funny. Like I told the story a lot of times russell bit kind of the first and only two times
 We ever met in person were getting a two-com club and then me on stage telling you I would be I would be back
 next year for for the eight figure award and um, I actually forgot to
 To apply for the the 50 million one, but maybe all maybe I'll get around to it this year
 You better hurry. We're 105 days away from finicking lives. You got a little time to get it in, but you gotta hurry
 Absolutely
 Very cool. All right. So that said, um, I love if you want to share your number one marketing secret with everyone who's listening right now
 be awesome
 Yeah, for sure. So I mean i'm gonna i'm gonna give two and i'm kind of gonna assume that
 Your your audience is is a little bit more um advanced, right?
 Um, you know for a lot of the introductory stuff people can find it on like youtube and you know blogs and things like that, but kind of the
 The stuff that's much more difficult to
 Find um, it's kind of the more advanced stuff that you know happens like, uh, you know more so for the the kind of marketers that are really doing
 Things at a large level spending millions of dollars and things like that
 Um, and so, you know, I've talked to Anthony and many people about this and and a lot of the guys
 um kind of coordinate and figure out what works and what doesn't for me. I'm gonna give two
 Simple ones that are really immediately implementable. So on youtube you can actually do a variety of different types of targeting
 Right, you can do keywords. You can do, you know in markets topics
 And you know target specific things like that a lot of people try to get super over complicated and like put these like huge
 Thousand keyword lists into into youtube to like target them
 And but you know what I've found is you can actually target people on youtube
 Um from what they've searched on google in the last seven days and that's really really powerful because in stream marketing on youtube is actually much cheaper
 Than google keyword marketing. Um, and so instead of trying to get, you know, all fancy and do these big
 Thousand keyword long tail lists. What we've found is literally just uploading a single keyword like one keyword literally
 um into those in markets that excuse me into those um
 uh in stream segments actually works extremely well. So like for example, we might upload, you know,
 uh an entire audience as a one keyword list just for the word money
 Um, another example is, you know, we've we've proven and found that that the keyword
 Business business business like literally that word three times is actually like
 20x profitable for us and it has been for years for whatever reason
 Um, and we found that just by putting the word business as a broad match keyword for campaign
 And then google actually auto populates multiple variants of that based on, you know, business and then adding business business three different times
 Even though that seems ridiculous, you know, that that particular keyword business business business has made us like tens of thousands of dollars
 Um, you know over the course of however long we've been doing things
 Um, the second one that i'll give is is kind of a little strategy for people that you know, kind of run
 Typeform funnels or any type of funnels that have, you know purchases
 What we found is instead of having just a single thank you page
 We actually different
 We find people similar to those higher qualified leads
 Which just makes everything so much more profitable and so much more successful on on paid media
 Dude, that's awesome
 Very cool. I lost my audio on my side for second, but I got I got most of it though. That was awesome. Hopefully I don't I think was something on my phone
 I think everyone else got it so
 Very very cool. Um, maybe i just want to share with people before we uh before we move on
 Um, not I mean not really I just you know every time we get to talk Russell
 It's always an honor like you you really help me a lot and so the people listening to Russell's podcast
 You know, you guys are listening to to one of the best if not
 The goat in marketing so I just appreciate every time we get to connect brother
 Very cool. I appreciate you. Well, hopefully something to hang out in real besides just on stage, but um, we'll see in a couple months on getting the next awards
 Thanks so much man. I appreciate you coming on
 Absolutely
 Very cool. Hey, yanifer before we go on for the next guest you have anything any announcement in you want to make sure that uh
 I'm sure i'm forgetting some of the things i'm supposed to be doing so as a as a newbie club house
 I'm gonna make sure i'm doing this right
 All right, awesome. We're gonna reset the room really quickly here
 I just want to send a reminder to everyone that we're recording for the marketing secrets podcast
 Also, you see that little plus sign at the bottom ping your friends add some people into this room that you feel
 Will get tons of value from this podcast episode and one more thing
 Make sure that you click on that green little house marketing secrets live on the top of this room and follow the club for more episodes
 Take our way russell. Awesome. Thank you yanifer. Okay, our next guest. I'm excited to bring on
 Um, the next guest is someone who
 Um, who literally i'm reading through the bio here like the first year of using click funnels did over eight figures
 Um, multiple figures actually very first year, which is crazy has gone on to do a whole bunch more since then
 Uh, i'm excited to bring our next guest who is kyla. How you doing, man?
 Whoa buddy, we've never even met and you said my name right
 What who does to you my brother? I'm not gonna lie. I'm a little nervous. I was like making sure I got it correct
 So I nailed it, huh
 You nailed it. You did a good job and and first I just want to thank you for uh, having me out
 Um, you have some all stars on the stage and you even invited perry too. So
 Shots fired shots fired. Um, yes, remember I know I know where you live
 That's a true story. Um
 All right, so marketing tip russell. Um, i'm gonna give something that's a little advanced. I think
 So the question I get most often right is like so we when we I started out to give you some history
 I started out as an affiliate marketer
 And uh at the end of 2016 of the last week of november 2016
 Um, I launched our courses and coaching business teaching people affiliate marketing
 And within four months we got to seven figures a month
 Um, over the next year and a half or so I had 80 million views
 On my top performing youtube ad
 So kind of the question that I get most often is how did like how did I ramp up growth that fast?
 Um
 And it really comes down to this concept which is I think simple but often overlooked and that concept is knowing
 Your numbers
 So for me the game of scaling is just a game of mathematics. Um, so what do I mean by that? So
 Knowing my numbers means that I knew the reason that I was able to scale so quickly
 Is because I knew
 What every customer was worth so I was running a funnel a webinar funnel where somebody could buy a low ticket
 Sub $100 front end and when they bought that low ticket sub $100 front end
 They would then qualify to speak to my sales team
 My sales team would then interview them if they were a fit. We'd make a 10k offer
 Well, I knew every time I got somebody to spend
 $99 on our front end product
 I ultimately would make a thousand dollars within about 60 days because I just followed the numbers
 as we were
 Uh scaling up the campaigns
 Once I knew what that customer was going to be worth to me in 90
 Sorry 60 days. I was then able to um
 Go into and this is an advanced strategy but negative customer acquisition
 So a lot of
 Marketers that I talked to are like they're trying to break even on day zero or day one right?
 Um, and in contrast I was spending
 Sometimes as much as $500 acquiring a $99 customer
 So why is that significant?
 It's significant because whoever can spend the most in the marketplace on customer acquisition is going to own that marketplace
 So uh
 Engineering my youtube views on my youtube ads was the simple fact that I was willing to because I knew my numbers so well
 I was willing to spend
 More than my competitors were willing to spend
 Um, and we have a method in our media buying process
 We called a bully method which I actually took the term from uh tim bird
 Where we would go in and we would just outbid
 Everybody else it who was you know, so we would manually bid and outbid everybody else in our space
 So we would take what we're paying for a cpm cost per thousand impressions and we would 10x
 That amount just to force our ads into the feed because I knew that I could outspend all of my competitors, right?
 so
 I was able to engineer through that process through knowing my numbers
 I was able to engineer that growth and that's how we were able to hit those seven figures
 per month within you know just four months of launching
 That's awesome
 And when you know your numbers it really gives you a level of freedom so as i said, but when I sat down
 Um, February of 2017
 I sat down on a team. We were looking at what the numbers were trending for over the past 90 days of running ads
 And I said listen so next month we're gonna hit a million dollars a month and here's how we're gonna do it
 And I broke it down for them. I said this in order for us
 I hit a million dollars next month. We need to have this many appointments on the calendar for our
 Sales team in order for us to get that many appointments on the calendar
 We need to have this many front end buyers not every front and buyer would book an appointment on the calendar
 I knew exactly what the ratio was
 In order for us to have that many front end buyers
 We need to get this many people registered for the webinar because I knew exactly
 You know what percentage of registrants actually converted to a front end buyer
 And then I said in order for us to be profitable on all of that
 We can't pay more than 12 it was roughly about 12 dollars and 50 cents somewhere in that ballpark per registrant
 So marketing team
 Can we do that? How do we engineer so that we're we're driving up x amount of registrations a day
 At or below 12 dollars and 50 cents so that we can hit this seven figure
 This you know million dollar mark the following month in March and we ended up hitting it about three weeks into the month
 so
 Oftentimes when I'm talking with marketers like at masterminds or at events
 um
 They'll be asking about like how to grow their business how to scale their business
 And a lot of it not to be to to be mean is it's just a lot of pin the debt
 Pin the tail on the donkey
 um tactics, right? They're they're kind of running blind because I'll start asking well
 What is every customer that you know clicks the buy button? What do they work?
 Well, I don't know. What is every person that speaks to your sales team worth?
 I don't know, you know or they'll say things like well the average customer
 You are our most common product is this product and say well, that's not what i'm asking i'm asking you
 The moment that somebody gets to your order page and submits that credit card information
 Ultimately, what is that customer worth to you? And if they don't know then they are to a degree
 Running blind right they're trying to scale their business without having the metrics to know how to scale it
 And therefore playing pin the tail on the donkey
 So I think it's a I think and the good news is like I love math
 So it works out really well, but if you don't there's data analysts out there that you can hire that will come in and run that data for you
 And help you figure these numbers out
 Which will give you a game plan that you can follow. It's really just like it's a treasure map to the promise land so to speak
 So that would be my my number one tactic
 That's awesome. I appreciate I remember the very first event I ever went to like 19 years ago
 I heard mike limbin speak and he said he said amateurs focus on the front end and when he said that it made no sense to me
 But I remember hearing that I was like oh crap my an amateur like
 And I literally was focusing on the front end and it was like a couple years later
 I was like hit like learning this game where I started to kind of realize what you're talking about now
 Which is like okay. Here's the funnel. Here's the pieces
 What's like the profit is at each step and 100 cents as we're able to figure those things out and we knew oh we can spend
 Um, again, you know 70 $80 to sell a free book or to give away a free plus shipping or whatever it was
 Because that we knew the value everything then that's when we started scaling as well. So um, I think that's awesome. I appreciate you sharing that for sure
 Very cool. This is fun. I'm actually really enjoying this. I'm getting good ideas on my eyes
 I said hope if you guys like it as well, let us know
 Um, okay, we've got one more guest speaker before doing a pass back over to yanifer to make sure
 Uh that we got the room set up for everything before we move on to to parry belt here
 Awesome excited to have all you guys here. Thank you for being in this room
 Just again another reminder. We are recording here for the marketing secrets podcast
 Make sure that you click on that little green house at the top to follow the club so that you can get notifications when russell
 Again, we're planning to do many many more of these and also ping some friends in the room and buy some people
 So they can come in here and join us for this awesome conversation back to you russell
 Awesome. Thank you so much. All right. So my last special guest stay before he transitioned full podcast
 Someone who I have been a friend and an admirer of for man as long as I think of 10 15 years
 Um, he's one of the co-founders digital marketer and about a million other things
 Probably the greatest storyteller i've ever met uh one of my favorite people to hear speak and teach and listen
 And he's the person who told me get on clubhouse initially so uh all of those people
 Uh, if you put them all together as parry belts or so parry, thanks for uh jumping on today, man. I appreciate you
 All right, man. Well, let me start off guys by grinding a little bit
 So number one with the exception of kevin who's a really nice guy. I want to just play say good food
 He was nice to me. I don't really like anybody else on this whole panel
 uh
 Morrison in front of his fancy schmancy wall of awards and I got a bone to pick with you russell
 How much stuff have I sold on click files? You sent me nothing. I got nothing. I get no respect here
 I got stuff on the wall from click bank. I got stuff on the wall from youtube
 I got stuff on a wall from everybody. I got nothing from click files. I tell you I get
 Have you filled out the form that says why?
 Forms, worms, whatever
 Tialla know it all talks all the time. These guys. I don't know where you find them
 What was that it with that intro man? I uh
 What can I do for you? Can you give me the help you pick better panelists next time on that i should be super helpful
 These guys, I don't know
 I love these guys
 But I do think you are to make morris and bocks up half of those things and send them to me. It's only fair
 It's only fair
 Oh, man. They can't get 18 realers down my street. So I kind of send you a tent of them
 That's awesome
 Well parry you've done pretty much everything in this business from physical products to
 to info products the coaching to find a chime like everything
 I think people could do to make money. I think you've done it three or four times
 I'm curious like right now the through the lens like what would be your biggest marketing secret you can share with people right now today
 Um actually I was thinking about this because I when I talked to uh, I think it was miles the other day
 He said kind of gave me a prompt what the question was gonna be really two things
 It was once you know extensive and that's learning to tell a really good story
 You know it
 I think people really don't most people have no clue how to tell a story about themselves their company or their products
 Or what they do and I think I've been really good at that
 I kind of had a natural talent for but i've gotten
 Really really good at over years and I think that's been a big help for me
 And the trick or the cheat on top of that if you're not good at it or if you are it's even better
 Uh, it's something that almost nobody does but me and that's physical premiums. I use physical premiums and
 uh every marketing campaign that I have
 And um like more sinehrer talking the other day
 I kind of know some of his numbers, but I got a seven dollar offer like his now
 And my cpa yesterday was 22 because I give away a
 $5 hat
 You know and his is I think considerably more than that. I'm guessing Anthony. Is that still true?
 Oh, yes, it's yes definitely a lot more. Yeah
 I just love physical premiums and I use them all the way through the funnel
 I start with a physical premium when I go to the upsell ad another premium when go the next step sell ad another premium
 and people that really don't understand
 the leverage
 That a physical premium gives you. I'm not talking about a book
 I'm talking about something somebody wants not something that they need
 But something that they want and you know really
 So what's what's a premium? What's that? What is that?
 It's a gift that you give somebody for taking a certain action that you want them to take
 Like Russell when you you got a beautiful wife and when you propose to her
 I'm guessing that you had a premium in your offer didn't you? It wasn't me. Yeah, I was the I was the afterthought
 Yeah, it's called a diamond ring, you know, you got all of us
 You know got to hock that ring and you got to give them the premium because they know
 They're going to get some old guy that sits in a recliner and farts for the rest of his life
 So the big cries ain't that great?
 So you got it, but but seriously though, I've worked on campaigns for
 a life lock and we gave away shredders and a you know built all our campaigns for survival preparedness
 And now I've got that hat that I got on the CEO hat is my newest premium and for my CEO journal
 um
 co5 000 club and
 I can acquire, you know business really great business buyers who are very aspirational
 for
 20 bucks to call traffic is a 19.4
 fronting conversion rate yesterday
 Dang
 It do us insane. But is the offer actually the hat or the offer somebody else in your attaching a hat to it
 the offers the offer is
 uh, the hat in the beginning and the upsell is the upsell is a
 um
 Five-day CEO challenge that comes with a a big frame certificate
 You know, like I give people awards. I do I do I give I send it to them. If they're good people
 I send them a freaking award, you know, I'm not like some people that I know
 Who just you feel I had to farm, you know, what about second step is hard step one earnest step two ask for it. So I get right
 Anyway, I'm joking but but yeah, the second step is a challenging and because we if I didn't have the
 The frame certificate there, which is a very nice premium award
 um
 We would probably only get
 uh 15 20 percent take rate on the upsell but instead I get
 You know right now in the neighborhood of a 42 percent upsell rate on the $47
 Um
 Challenge and then there's a VIP registration after that it gets about 30
 And I think I'll increase that this week because I didn't have a premium attached to it. I'm gonna put another premium
 uh that I give them
 when they um
 Buy the VIP for another hundred bucks and at you know a good premium
 Russell only has to be something someone wants
 It doesn't have to be something they need for for years and years
 Um, you know banks gave away toasters when you open the bank account the toaster don't have anything to do with a bank account
 Uh, but everybody wants a new toaster instead of state knives or whatever
 You just find something that somebody wants and ideally
 If you're using the premium at the front of the funnel like I am with this one
 You want a premium that identifies the market that you're looking for
 You want if you've got a fishing club or fishing stuff you want to sell
 Then you need a fishing hat or a fishing t-shirt or a fishing lure something that identifies that front end buyer that low dollar front
 Enbier as having a certain aspiration or interest
 And but I don't think anybody understands the leverage of it
 You'll you'll get in the math
 So what people do that screws them up in the head and I know more so and I've talked about this
 He's still ain't done it right you they start they get to think well, I got a ship a thing that's gonna cost 10 bucks
 Yeah, but your cpa advertising costs is gonna go down by 70
 Right. So why would you not do that?
 But that's okay if nobody ever wants to do it. It's good with me. I like I like being an associate all by myself right
 But but seriously it you you'll never give away a physical gift a good one that's thought about thought through
 That will increase your cost of delivery more
 Then it will reduce your cost of acquisition. I've never it's never happened
 It's never that I'm freaking out on my side because i'm thinking about you know, we have our our book funnels all the time
 But I was like
 Lacey the doc on seekers book if I gave a t-shirt that was like I build funnels that came with the with the doc up to your spoke, right
 Dude, I'm gonna rat out my my my biz part
 So ryan brought out his book the invisible selling machine remember that yep
 So we sent that to the digital marker list who loved him like a fat kid loves cake, right?
 And that author went out and he got a 3.9 conversion and he was so disciplined we were all disciplined
 We put a digital marker on smarter t-shirt with it
 Conversion went to 11.1 percent
 One bundle so you yeah, so you're talking about a five dollar shirt, you know
 Reduce cost that
 Yeah, well you can say it increase the conversion what you did and it also reduced the cost of acquisition by three fours
 Yeah
 So to you whether you're if you're buying media to it, it's emphatically important
 And as we've put those funnel as we put more and more premiums down funnel
 We see the same thing happen where the down funnel sales
 double and triple
 And you just keep increasing the value of the premium as you keep increasing the price of the down funnel
 Products for self I'm into it so much. I bought I bought a I got a 24 000 square foot warehouse here
 Now where we make and print and embroider all of our premiums and we do it for some of our other people
 But I I got so into it that I wanted to be prime on it. So we do you know, we we make all of our own stuff now
 It's a it's a big deal. Yeah, that's killer
 Dude, thank you for sharing that that's that was a big one for me. I'm sure it's awesome for everyone else
 Well, very cool. Well, that's um, those were our guest speakers for today
 So I want to thank all of our guests for jumping on and sharing the biggest marketing secret
 I got a bunch of them myself for myself here, which is exciting, uh, which is awesome
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now i'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering
 Questions, um through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello
 And then what's going to happen is i'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community, so i'm going to be giving you out free swag giving away
 Free copies of my book
 I'll let you know about book signings about times i'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
