 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I want to talk to you about what happens when one of your funnels flops
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone in the Tesla right now, I'm driving with no hands as I podcast seriously
 It's just called this the podcast mobile instead of the Tesla because that's exactly what it becomes. It's pretty awesome
 Anyway, I digress today. I want to talk about something that is also
 real it happens all the time and people always freak out about it and I've seen for a lot of people it becomes the death of their
 Business it becomes the time they walk away the time that all their
 You know potential fears are realized and they're like oh this whole thing is a scam
 I told you funnels aren't real Russell you lied to me or whatever it might be right
 That's you put in all the time and the effort and the focus and the strain and the energy into getting this funnel live
 And then you launch it and then it's crickets or it balms or nobody buys or one person buys
 It was your mom and then she asked for a refund or whatever may happen, right?
 There's a billion different scenarios will happen and so the question is not so much like how do I fix my funnel when I floss
 But like how do I how do I prepare for that?
 How do I make sure that it's not gonna be the thing that's the nail in the coffin that makes me walk away?
 from this from this whole thing and
 I feel very qualified to share this with you because I guarantee I have flopped on more funnels than I bet you've ever even
 dreamt of creating
 Therefore I can share a little bit with you. All right, so the number one my Tesla
 And he just fired me because I took my hands off too long. All right. I'm driving it again like a like a good boy should be anyway
 all right, so
 So the first thing
 That I would recommend because what happens to most of us right is we excited and we get sold on this vision and like
 This is the most amazing in the world. I'm gonna change everyone's life
 And miss a bunch of pride when we rich is what we start doing is we go out there
 We start telling everybody around it's like oh, I'm learning this thing
 It's amazing and at first they're like they're confused. They don't really care. They're like worried about you, right?
 And so what you start doing start like like projecting on what you believe is possible
 You're like oh, I'm gonna make a million bucks in here
 I'm gonna make hundred thousand dollars in my first launch
 They start saying these things to people because they're they're not getting it and you want to just like you know
 Like prove them like you want to shock them almost like this is gonna work
 It's gonna be huge. So you start telling these big numbers
 I think this is one of the biggest mistakes
 I see people do initially is the people who are the biggest unbelievers they start telling them the projection of what they think is possible
 I'm like oh well
 I'm gonna do this and put my job make a million bucks
 I'm gonna do this and you know and you start telling them things like that and then the second you start doing that all of a
 Sun there's this pressure, right? Then I know what happened to me. I went through this problem initially back when I was
 Super young like 12 years oldish
 I was learning all these money-making ideas and tips and tricks and I would tell my brothers and my sisters and my mom and
 Dad like I'm gonna be a millionaire like by this time next month. I will be a millionaire like you know
 I was so confident and I should have been more skeptical not skeptical
 But I should have been more whatever right and when it is they tease me and they make fun of me
 And they should have like I deserved it
 Because like you shouldn't be calling your shot like that as much as you want to it's like as soon as you start calling your shot
 All of a sudden there's so much stress and anxiety goes into it because all your friends are looking and they're watching and they're waiting
 And you've told them this thing's gonna be huge
 You're gonna make a thousand or ten thousand or a million or whatever number you told them and now they're all watching now if you fail
 Like that's so much bigger. So because that just the nature of that you go into this thing. It's scary now
 My friend Steven Larson may disagree with me on this every single year the very beginning of the year
 He said like a goal like I'm gonna make whatever three million dollars
 He does a big Facebook live and he tells the world about it and I know why he does that and I'm not against stuff like that
 Especially bigger goals like I think I want to make a million bucks or hit two comic Club like bigger goals like that
 I'm I'm not against but it's like this funnel is going live and my goal is make a hundred grand the first month
 Right
 So you should do that like that's that's when the pressure starts coming. I don't click funnels
 I did that to myself again. I like I
 You know we were building it out we didn't launch and I told everyone I told myself I told my family to my feelings
 I'm like we're gonna ten thousand members so fast like it's free trial
 It's gonna be super easy we can ten thousand members and I told them all that and then we launched and it's like
 Trigots crickets and what sucks about that then all your friends who are even if they're like
 rooting for you which they probably are your family members are rooting for you they come back to go how to go like and
 They're all excited because they know you're excited and it's like the most painful feeling the world be like oh
 Well, you know, it's doing okay like you know
 We got we got 30 sign-ups and like nobody's starting to grow and like oh cool
 Like think it's like ten thousand like no, I'm not gonna ten thousand you jerk
 Why would you ask that this point like you know like that's what always happens, right?
 So the reason I'm saying this is my very first
 Recommendation for you is to step back and like don't call your shots to the world
 Again if you want to at the at the macro like this year, I'm gonna try to do this
 That's okay, but on the micro like this is gonna do this. It's just so hard because
 It just causes all this extra stress and then when it doesn't then instead of you just like adjusting and being okay with it you
 It's really really hard. I'm standing up in wrestling like my junior year. I told everyone all summer long
 I'm gonna be state champion be state champion be state champion
 I was like gonna be a state champion my very first match my junior year
 I step out against the guy took second place a year before I step on the mat and the very first match of the entire season
 I lose and I like want to go hide in in in the corner and cry my eyes out
 But it gets worse when I go to school every school's like how'd you do? How'd you do like I lost like oh?
 You're not gonna be a state champion you lost your first match right or your friends your family had to go have the match
 Go wherever who's got the match like oh and like that like a disappointment other people at least for me
 Baries me like I just want to hide and give up and run away right and so for some you guys you tried to call your shot
 You try to launch your funnel and you told everyone the world's gonna be amazing that you launched it
 And it didn't do well the last thing you want to do is tweak it you want to go hide in the corner and die
 Right, I know I know that feeling now
 This leads me now to the second my second suggestion
 So when I was rusting my junior year and I lost in the very first match of the year and I wanted to hide and die
 Luckily for me
 My pride or my whatever is so high that's like I'm gonna beat that guy and like my whole desire was just destroy him
 Okay, so that's like your motivation. That's the right motivation
 I was like I'm gonna beat him and luckily my dad had filmed the match
 And so my dad watched the match literally every single morning for the next four months
 And then he would come to practice afterwards we practice over and over and over again
 How to how to beat that guy and end up wrestling him in the state finals
 so he has no the story and I ended up beating him in the state finals and
 And I became a better wrestler
 But it's because I looked at my mistakes looked at my failures and I started calling audibles like what I needed different
 Okay, I'm standing to all my elbows are out my I'm out of position. I'm my I'm leading the wrong foot
 I'm when I'm doing this I'm opening myself up here
 I'm shooting my hips to I like all the stuff I started looking at and I started shifting and adjusting and do these little audibles along the way
 So by the time form it's later had chance to wrestle again
 Like all the things he'd picked apart on me all the all the flaws on the stakes that made were no longer there
 It's my wrestling the next time I destroyed him right?
 It's the same thing for you like after your funnel goes live like I don't talk about the big funnel launch
 Right because I know that for most people including me the very first funnel does not do well
 So I put it out there into the world I buy some ads I you know
 I pay someone to promote I promote my own ads and my own audience
 I you know drive emails or Facebook or whatever I try to like get some initial sales just to find out the data behind
 Behind the funnel like what's it doing is it good is it bad like what's happening?
 I want to know that stuff immediately again before I'm calling my shop before I'm telling everybody okay now we understand that
 The again the very first funnel traditionally kind of flops right but it's after that happens
 It's a step in back and looking at so okay like what are the adjustments?
 What I need to make what tweaks what changes like what does that look like right?
 And then we start looking at the data and the analytics just like in wrestling. I start looking at videotape and saying okay my elbows are out
 This is happening. That's happening. This is where I'm making mistakes same thing is true in the funnel world
 Right I said a thousand hours of the traffic or should I get a hundred clicks or thousand clicks whatever it is
 Then I step back and I look at the data
 It's okay my landing page versions do an awesome like 30% people here are opting in but I'm selling one person people are buying
 So there's my mistake like how do I how do I strengthen this where I need a difference a different hook is different stories different offer different
 Different angled is the color scheme bad is the layout wrong
 What's the things I'm making the tweaks and the changes and that tried again?
 I make tweaks and changes I tried again
 I'm just looking at the data looking at the numbers making these incremental changes and incremental shifts
 And as you do that you can better that part of it
 That's when you all of a sudden you get the point where you test things into existence into the point where they work and now
 I can go back to something and say hey, you know after my initial testing on this funnel
 We spent five grand and tests, you know all steps gone through but right now we are profitable on ads
 We can be positive row as return on ad spent ROAS return on ad spent is positive row as you know
 For every dollar I'm spending making a dollar 20 now. That's when you talk to your friends
 You brag about say I got a funnel is profitable right now. We're gonna go roll this thing out
 We're gonna blow it up
 We're gonna have a bunch of things like that right like that's when it becomes fun
 That's we start bragging to your friends about it
 So you don't brag at the point of idea
 Okay, you brag about after you've got a profitable thing because now it's like now
 I got something to scale now you can talk about now becomes fun like hey, it's profitable
 We're having fun or buying more ads. We're only more money into like all the things start happening. We're doing JV's
 We're doing you know webinars. We're doing all this stuff and now like now it becomes fun
 Okay
 But knowing that going into like it's probably gonna be a mistake at first
 I don't want to tell the whole world about it because if and when it probably flops
 I need to be able to have that room to adjust to make the shifts and make the changes
 Without that it becomes really really difficult
 To tomorrow make those because the the outside noise comes so loud. It's so painful. It's hard
 so that's kind of second one
 and you know other things I would say is
 You know, I think sometimes and this is probably the last big one I'll share on this on this podcast, but
 Sometimes even after the funnels launch sometimes. It's just not the right funnels not product red not that I product
 Not right offer not right audience like whatever might be and it's being okay with that too
 I had a friend back when I first got started in this business
 And how many years ago is that now? It's been it's been quite a little while probably 13 14 years ago
 And when I met him he had written an ebook and he was trying to sell it and was struggling with it and that point
 He spent two years on this ebook. He'd written a publish to try to sell it like it just wasn't working
 I met him and then for the next four years of me trying to figure this game out
 I've launched like 500 little mini funnels most of them flopped water to him hit and I'm ever talking to him
 And he was still trying to sell his book and I was like, do why don't you try something else?
 And every told me he's like I can't I'm like why not like no one's buying this thing like the market
 Spoken they don't want this thing like make something different. He said I still remember this he said Russell
 I can't change my product now. I spent too long. I spent five or six years on so I can't change it now and
 The funny thing is like the that's actually the reason why you should you know
 I mean like like the because you spent so much time when it hasn't worked like you need to do it
 But I think you know obviously for a lot of us we have this like not don't quit mine
 It's like I'm not gonna quit I'm not gonna fail like success is the only option and all those kind of things and that's like a good mindset to have
 But when the market tells you know and says this product is not the right product you have to be like okay with that
 So you know I try to test much stuff which I didn't offers
 It's just not working either the product's wrong or the offer's wrong the market's wrong. I'm okay to that like let's try something different
 Let's shift. Let's do something different right
 If any of you guys link the click phones with my very first idea my very first product you are
 Definitely wrong right click phones is on the back of I would say conservatively at least a hundred different funnels
 I've launched probably closer to 150
 And so when you understand that it's like, "Man, if I would have done my first funnel,
 I'd still be selling potatoes this day."
 Which was a fun market.
 But it wouldn't be a full-time job to see us are fully aware, at least not if I wanted
 to be making at least minimum wage.
 You know, it was an idea and it did okay, but it wasn't the idea.
 It's like if I wouldn't have been okay killing that funnel and flopping and walking away
 and trying something different, I'd never have got to the next funnel.
 Or the next, or the next, or the next, or the next, where the next until boom!
 Clickf funnels came to me, right?
 That was the opportunity that came into my door.
 So you just have to understand that it's not always going to be the first offer and you've
 got to be okay with that.
 And maybe this is not the right one.
 Maybe this one did okay.
 Maybe this was a single, maybe it was a double, or maybe it was a triple, right?
 Each one gets a little incrementally better.
 But if you don't have these other at bats, you're never going to get the home runs.
 It's like understanding that would be okay with that and saying, "You know what?
 Maybe this wasn't my big grand slam."
 And again, if you've just told your friends and your family and everyone you know that
 this is, "I'm retiring and I'm going to be a billionaire by morning."
 And that happens, it's going to be devastating.
 It's going to be hard for you to recover from it.
 But if you come in it with that mindset of just like, "Hey, I tried this one and it
 worked.
 We're shifting the product, shifting the market, shifting the off tour, whatever that might
 be, and you're okay with that?"
 Then it's okay.
 Now you're in the next step.
 And it gives you the ability to keep moving forward and not stress as much.
 So anyway, there's some things.
 I hope that helps.
 You guys who have been in that situation, I've talked about different things like this before
 in the past.
 There's always different ideas, different things.
 Hopefully these two or three for help any of you guys who are struggling right now as
 you're building your funnels and things like that.
 And if you've already called your shot and told your whole world you're going to be
 a billionaire by Wednesday and you're nervous about it now, go back to home and be like,
 "You know what?
 I'm going to do a different funnel.
 I'm going to take my time and then just don't tell them and then launch it and then what
 it's working and then come back and be like, "Hey, remember what I told you about like
 six months ago?
 It's on.
 It's on like Donkey Kong because that's the best way to do it.
 I remember after my junior year when I lost the very first match, I didn't talk about
 being a stage camp again.
 Like I've been calling my shot all summer long, all year before and after I lost the
 match I stopped talking.
 I got to work on the adjustments and the tweaks and the changes and after I won state, then
 I came out and celebrated.
 I told the world and I was proud and I bragged about it and it was fun but I didn't do it
 before.
 So I hope it helps you guys.
 I appreciate you all.
 I'm going to have a good day.
 I got to go.
 So I'll talk to you soon.
 Thanks everybody.
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets and you can get a free copy at expertsecrets.com
 and book number two is called .comSecrets and you can get your free copy at .comsecrets.com.
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest
 growing non-VC backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
