 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson welcome back to marketing seekers podcast today. I've got a little mini rant for you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so I'm the middle of the one funnel way challenge and I
 Am having a lot of fun with it and it's funny because you know
 There's 5500 people that join this one which is the most we've ever had in the challenge
 Which anytime you have a challenge or that many people there's always like a little bit of crazy in there, right?
 I remember hearing Tim Ferriss talked about one time
 He said that he's like you know my following was small. You know everyone seemed normal
 He's like but you know now my blog I can't remember. He's like I got 10 million readers
 He's like 10 million people. That's the size of New York City
 He's like there are a lot of crazy insane people inside New York City is like so you know based on these like people
 They're reading me is like they're lunatics or people and saying there's probably murders
 There's like all these horrible people in there and he's like you know your audience is so big
 There's always a bunch of crazies and so obviously about that as as we start growing and there's people that come in and say funny things
 And just like frustrating so today I saw one
 And so this is my little mini rant about it. The comment was basically like Russell Irish sent it for one funnel way
 Why do I keep getting emails about one funnel way?
 I'm super angry and I'm not impatient and makes more refund my money and blah blah blah quit spamming me with all your stuff
 Just like all right number of what you know spam is definition spam is not you signing up for something and you're getting emails about it
 Spammy is be stealing your email and sending you unsolicited mail that is spamming you getting messages in an autoresponder is not number two
 The reason why I do not pull you off is because it is actually strategic
 It actually helps increase how much money we make
 Everyone's got this I don't know this is like the automation gurus
 They have this thought in their head like they don't want you don't want somebody to see email for a product
 They already bought in the past if you do blah blah blah right or you don't want someone to see an ad for a product
 They already bought in the past you got to make sure that nobody ever sees it
 And so they stress so much about pulling people out making sure they don't see this thing this and this and the reality is the opposite
 It's actually true so it drives me nuts about it like everyone all the automation gurus have this like this thought they're like
 Yeah, like you have to have perfect automation
 That's this guy's complaining about like if your system's so good
 Why don't you pull me out because I already bought it right and there's a reason behind it the reason is because if I did that it would actually lower
 your
 likelihood of success, okay, I learned initially actually from that fury back in the day that fury was
 Who's promoting some course he had created and he sent emails every single day for 30 days and I was on a coaching call
 And I heard somebody asking that like well when people buy it you pull them off the list
 They don't keep getting emails he's like no why would I do that because they already bought it like why should you keep sending emails?
 He's like because he's like the first thing happens to somebody buy something is they get what buy a remorse and then they want you know
 And then they they may buy a product and they ever actually go through it
 It's like you have to keep selling the person like a hundred times even if they bought you to sell them on why they shouldn't feel bad about
 The thing they bought right you know two days later like oh man that cost a hundred bucks
 Maybe I should you know maybe any of that money like if they see another ad for that like oh yeah
 Reconfirm their decision right gets rid of by remorse right and then someone's like oh I got the course
 I'm gone through yet
 Well if you never message them about it, they're gonna forget about it right if I keep messaging keep seeing the ads like oh
 Yeah, I bought that thing I should go back and do it
 Oh, yeah, like it remotivates you re-inspires you re gets you excited about going and consuming the thing you already paid for
 So by actually not pulling you off of every single list and every sub-tart or a retargeting lesson and every email sequence
 I'm actually doing you a favor right it gives you the ability tip for me to resell you reconfirm you get you more excited about
 The thing over and over and over and over and over again right if I stop about talking about click funnels the moment
 You sign it for click funnels guess what would happen you wouldn't use click funnels you wouldn't be successful
 You're a food click phone like I guess this doesn't work because Russell's not talking about it anymore
 I keep talking about it right because it keeps like it works
 Right and sometimes someone you just click funnels and then something some reason they they're not happier something happens or their business changes
 And they cancel right if I say oh well
 They already sign up click phones once and every joint again
 That is not true people will sign up and cancel sign up and cancel over and over again right and so if you keep talking about your message
 So while I understand the importance automation and moving someone from list to list a lot of times that is not necessary
 In fact, it'll hurt your audience more than it'll actually help them. So take that all of you all of you
 You know automation experts who think that that's the the magic like literally before the challenge my team asked me
 Like should we be pulling people off the list the promotional list
 As they sign up I said no because if you do they sent two weeks before the challenge starts
 They're gonna forget in two weeks
 But they see the message and the next message is coming to you and it's like starting tomorrow
 I'm like ah make sure if you haven't signed even make sure you sign up
 Those things get people to remember and get people that actually show up
 So why would I pull them off of those sequences?
 I need them as excited as a person to bought the second before we started and so anyway
 There's my mini rant for today other mini rant is I want people to understand okay
 You don't I learned this from iron golden you don't attract who you want you attract who you are
 So if you're the kind of customer coming and complaining oh, are you spamming with all your messages?
 Stop sending emails. I want to refund my thing. I'm so angry. I'm so impatient
 But blah blah blah blah because you're getting an email for crying out loud you are not gonna be successful in this marketing game
 I promise you that you do not attract who you want you attract who you are and so if that's how you feel about marketing
 That's the kind of people you're gonna bring into your world
 Okay, and they're gonna be the worst customers of all time. They're gonna complain. They're gonna wind it be like horrible people and you're like
 Anyway, it's weird. I don't know how that works, but it's true
 So be the kind of customer be the kind of subscriber you want right if that email comes
 It doesn't make sense. She just delete it or hide it or ignore it like it doesn't really not big of a deal
 I mean I get my inbox. I'd say I
 Know on a minimum 800 to 1000 emails a day. Do I get angry about them? No something's like why do you subscribe from all the list?
 Like why would I unsubscribe from the list?
 Like I'm a marketer. I'm trying to see marketing. I want to see 1500 emails come in box
 Every day because there's 1500 swipe files and people doing the thing that I'm trying to learn how to do the thing
 I'm trying to become better at doing like why I unsubscribe are you moron or they send like five emails selling this product and subscribe like really
 I thought you signed up to become a marketer like watch it watch what they're doing figure it out
 Don't dig. Oh, I know what I'm talking about. I'm annoyed like seriously. That's how you're gonna fail in life
 Especially this game watch be excited funnel hack they come so like I'm angry that Russell's doing this
 I'm impatient like what if you stop for seconds like huh Russell makes a crap ton more money than me
 He makes more per day that I make per decade. I wonder if he knows something. I don't know. I don't know
 I'm just putting it out there. So
 Yeah, there you go. Me and over. That's all I got you guys don't get bought into this whole automation thing
 It is not as powerful or important as you probably think it is. Okay
 That's number one number two you attract who you are not who you want. So don't be a bad person be awesome
 That's all I got. Thanks for you guys. Appreciate you all and have a great day. Fuck soon
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay, and the phone over you text is
 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello
 And then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone
 And then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you were on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
