 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast one of the questions
 I get asked a lot about and I don't spend a lot of time talking about it is actually money and mindset around money and how
 That works and things that can help you to make more money things that hold you back to making money
 They have nothing to do with your skills that just has everything to do with the the conversations the beliefs the things inside of your mind
 and so
 this interview with Josh 48 it was really fun and hopefully you will enjoy it and
 Hopefully to help you if you do have money blocks to help you get unstuck
 And if you don't think you have money blocks you probably do and this hopefully interview make you very aware of those things and
 Help you find those things and knock them out in your life
 So that said we'll keep the theme song and we'll come back
 Listening on this interview with me and Josh 40
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up everybody welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast I'm here today again with Josh 40 and we're having so much fun today
 We should record one episode and now we're going deep into episode number two
 We should be talking about mindset as it relates to things are very specific to you guys entrepreneurs
 I'll let Josh kind of talk more about this as he's gonna be cute for question
 But hope you guys enjoy this episode as well. All right, man. So first off we gotta talk about your shirt
 I feel like there's gotta be a story behind this guys for those of you that are listening on audio
 Let me just explain real quick. It is a skull and crossbones
 But it's not a skull and crossbones has got bunny ears on the skull
 It's got like little waves off the side. What does it say on the sleeve? It says psycho bunny psycho bunny
 This is actually a really cool brand called psycho bunny
 And I bought a couple other things like this is like a cool brand
 And then I was shopping with Bart Miller in Vegas and they have a psycho bunny shop
 And so I went in there and okay
 Cheers and jackets and like suit jackets that like have the psycho bunny inside and it's just kind of a fun cool brand
 And I I really like it so it's like okay
 So there's no like grand huge like story behind how you got it
 You just liked it. I should like buy the company because it'd be really cool. Anyway, no nothing guys
 When you're a funnel hacker and when you decide to take over the world and create empires
 You can randomly decide on a podcast or you're just gonna actually buy the company
 That's not a normal thing that most people get to say but it's super dope. You know that's good. Yeah fun episode in the future because
 As I'm as I'm like we acquired two big companies last year and I'm learning about this and like have more fun feel like
 There's some cool like I
 Think for most of us we look at a company like there's no way can buy that company
 But then I got a Tai Lopez who just bought radio shack and he bought pure one imports all these
 Just barn and yeah, and now like I bought a couple companies like oh my gosh
 There's actually a really cool strategy where it doesn't technically cost you any money if you do it correctly
 Like we bought Dan Kennedy's company for a still we launched the first thing now
 We've made our money back and I'm moving forward everything to do with Dan Kennedy's companies pure
 Unadulterated profit to the bottom line and that's exciting because you know
 And it's just like all sense like you can actually buy companies when you understand the core principles that we do
 Anyway, that's that's a topic for another day, but it's kind of a fun one
 Ah
 So much fun stuff. All right, time for another day. We'll do many episodes now is not the time
 - I think goes really well with our last episode right last episode we talked about
 goal setting and kind of like setting things up and
 Kind of last bit of it was around identity and beliefs and values and rules and things like that
 I want to talk about mindset here and specifically the mindset
 There's a couple of core key areas right because what's interesting is a lot of times
 We think mindset is we have to train our minds to think a certain way or we have to you know
 Like overcome false beliefs like about bad things right like I'll never be successful or I'll never be this
 But like it's goes both ways right because oftentimes we can have fear of success right?
 We can have fear that oh my gosh like what happens if I actually achieve that goal right and so there's so many different things
 Around that that we could dive into but I want to kick off this one specifically around mindset around money
 And I do want to talk about you know not just money failure doing the impossible kind of things like that
 But I want to start with money because I feel like money is
 One of these things that like we all have some form of weird relationship with it right very few people grew up in a home
 Where their parents and everybody around them had a healthy relationship with money because most people like I'd say like 90 plus percent
 Of the people I met do not have a healthy relationship with money right they don't understand it
 They don't understand what it represents how it works like any of the things with it
 Right and so for you like I want to kind of take back because I want you to take us back because one of the things
 And I've kind of told you at the beginning right a lot of people in the click-pawns world like Russell
 I was talking to Brad give the other day right shout out Brad
 He's awesome right he's like Russell has come and he's like taking these handcuffs off of us right to where now
 We just can just print money is ridiculous right like it's like kind of a cheat code
 And when we talk about to all our friends we go around and like we're like yeah
 We just kind of make money on the internet. They're like how do you do that?
 We're like we don't know we just do it Russell's day
 Just shows up it's amazing right and so we've kind of like
 Shackle or unshackled the making of money right if we follow what it is but keeping money
 But our thoughts around money our beliefs around money like how we perceive and value money how we think money is gonna change us
 right like all these different other things around money like those things are now new problems that were a lot of us are running into or
 Have not yet applied the things that you've told us to do because of those beliefs right
 And I think both of those are true right and I've seen so many people and you know
 I I made not a ton a ton of money
 but certainly
 Ten times more money than I'd ever made in my life when I first got started and like blew it all because of my
 poor very unhealthy almost toxic relationship with money right and so like take us back
 What are the money shifts with the beliefs around money specifically in minds that that you had to go through and
 Yeah, I'm just gonna kind of leave that open and and see where you take it
 Yeah, the first thing I think would be useful for everyone is
 for everyone to like actually honestly sit down and and look at their relationship with money and understand it and
 It's funny cuz if you ask Russell, you know 15 years ago Russell, this was actually a real thing
 I'm like no, this is stupid. I just make money. It's easy, but I had a friend who I worked with man probably
 Man 12 13 years ago on a project and he was someone who?
 Super charismatic super dynamic super like just talented person and when he was younger he
 Uses talents as gifts and he made a whole bunch of money really fast like crazy crazy money like you know money doesn't make any sense
 And then when he got that money
 He started doing stupid things with it
 He got into drugs and alcohol and like all the problems that are associated with when you make too much money too fast
 His kid and almost destroyed his life
 He almost he almost died
 He almost lost his family and his mayor like all these things happen and then you know
 He lost all the money which was probably a blessing and he refixed his life and then he got back to the spot where he's like
 I want to make money again
 And I watched him for men probably ten years of his life where he would do all the right things
 He would get close to making a bunch of money and then he would just literally
 subconsciously destroy everything he built and
 And it kept happening and first I was like so confused like I'm like you are so close
 How do you keep just like how do you keep messing this up?
 I don't understand it and then he told me a story and he didn't know the subconsciously
 But we had the conversation when I we told me a story. I was like oh my gosh like
 Like subconsciously you're linking the destruction of your family your health and all these things to making money
 Because that's what happened the very first time now every time you get close to it your whole subconscious mind
 Like no and like starts just like making you do stupid things to destroy yourself from actually having success
 And I've seen now spend a decade of me watching this and as much as I love this person
 I keep seeing him he's so talented so many gifts and keeps
 Not having success because of this thing that happened in his in his youth
 And so his is an extreme example right but this is happening to all of us
 Like you think about when you're growing up like what are the things that your your parents said about money?
 What are the things that you heard at church about money?
 What are the things you heard different spots like like there's so many of these things that have been ingrained in our head that
 We don't even know consciously and also like we start trying to success in whatever we start making money or start getting close to making money
 And and all these warning signals are popping off your head like
 Like don't get money because of this because you become a bad person
 You're gonna fall away from God you're gonna be doing this you're gonna be like you're gonna be the bad person
 You're gonna be like you look at TV
 My own golden is the first one ever pointing this out to me
 But you'll get like every movie every superhero movie for the most part like the bad guy is the rich billionaire
 Who is like this horrible person and it's like this is ingrained in our heads that money is gonna make us evil
 And so I think that there's like like those things are real and even if you don't believe
 You don't think that they're affecting you that probably are and you know consciously believe it subconsciously they control you
 Yeah, it's affecting you and
 I've seen this in my own journey like when I first started making money
 I thought everyone was gonna be excited because I was like oh like this is so cool
 Like oh and I was like so excited to teach everybody else and so like I started making money
 I start teaching people try to show every like show my friends and my family and what happened and the response
 I got was not what I thought it was gonna be was not like this
 Let's try it instead. It's just like
 It was weird
 Especially for my wife my wife struggled with it
 I think even more so than me because I you know
 I've had success in parts of my life in the past where you know like I became in wrestling
 I was a state champ. I was in all American. I hit these different things and
 But there's like this weird side success
 You are expecting where the people around you who think are gonna be like celebrating with you they don't in fact
 I remember my mom like when I bought my dream house like my house is in
 I mean you've been in my house. I was just insane
 Like I was growing up. I wanted like an insane house
 I remember like I was finally I got spot where I could pay like a buy this house like and in the rally like
 I didn't pay it off immediately. I could have just paid cash for I didn't but within like two years
 I think I paid it off which was a big deal for me and it was like
 But I remember I was buying my house remember a comment my mom said she's like you don't want to buy house like that
 Because there'd be like one of those rich people up on the hill and I was like what does that mean mom?
 It's just like well there are ones always looking down at everybody else. I'm like
 Wait, like what and also I was like scared to tell my mom about my success because my mom viewed the rich people
 Is this thing over here right and then other people and like and it just it was this weird thing where where
 Also makes you like what you make you want to shrink down it makes you want to hide because I don't want people judging me because of this thing and
 And so there's always anyway for all of you guys for all of us
 There's there's these things that have been happening where comments are made people we love and we respect where all of a sudden like
 Like the the side of success that you think is gonna happen doesn't
 And especially in money like I think money is a big one because it's such a it's such a thing right? Yeah, and I also think that
 Because of the stories that we're told to everybody else
 Like you're saying cons or subconsciously and she's grading our society
 How what like what money is and how it works?
 Nobody understands it and like Taylor Welch, you know Taylor right Taylor Welch. Yeah. Yeah, so he's the one
 He and I become I was a good friend certainly friends with past you know a little bit
 He was actually the first person I ever interviewed on my podcast. He got he got me into money, right?
 And he was like study money like he's like he's the one shoe understand how it works
 He's like it'll completely change your perspective of it, right?
 I always tell I was joke around with my mom. I'm like money's not real right like it's all fake
 It's all made like in America specifically like the US dollar is not real, right?
 It's just it's all fake and it's all made up and she always pushes back
 It's like it's not fake because I can buy groceries with it, right?
 And I'm like that right there that shows that like I have a different relationship and side note
 I freaking love my mom my mom I have an amazing relationship, right?
 But my mom and I have a completely different fundamental relationship with money, right?
 And like that was very tell like that was a very interesting learning lesson for me
 I was like when you change your relationship with money when you change your like how it works when you understand it differently and when you change
 your relationship with it it becomes
 It almost becomes like not hard to get or keep
 Because now you're not needy of it. You're not you know your relationship changes with it
 I always think about like it can take you back to dating, right?
 There's a I'm not even say the book because I don't want people to go raise
 It's not a great book, right?
 But like I was reading a clip out of this book one time and the guy in and he goes
 Um, he's like, you know money and let's say relationship money and girls are kind of the same thing, right?
 It's not the words he used but like money and relationship with the girls in the same way
 If you're desperate and needy of it, you'll never have it, right?
 But if you don't care it'll come abundantly, right?
 And so that was a very interesting shift for me as well. So anyway, I didn't mean to interrupt you but it was like that was very interesting
 Oh, no, it's it's key. I think that most part
 And this is if you you know as I studied Tony Robbins the biggest thing I learned one of the biggest things
 I should say the biggest but it's just becoming aware of things, right?
 So I think the first step for you know
 It's just being aware of like of how this is actually affecting you because for a lot of us
 Whatever level you're at the reason why you're not the next level is because there's some belief around it that's keeping you from there
 Um, you know, it's it's interesting like I remember when I had the goal I wanted a million dollars a year
 I I didn't hit it three years in a row every year's like I was within like $50,000 like 75,000
 Like how am I not hitting this and it's like I had these weird beliefs around that thing and this is that broken
 It was like oh, this is easy and then like yeah going from from you know from million to 10 million was next like
 You know getting two three five's eight million was easy
 But then at 10 million is like this gap again, where I was like stuck and it's just like it's just beliefs like what's easy? What's hard, right?
 um, and so
 Um, a couple things again, this is one of those topics like I don't I've never taught this before so I'm like, uh
 Here's the Russell's three step framework
 Things have happened my life that that I I became aware of this for myself
 And so one of them was um, I had a coach
 Um, I've had her a couple times from my life. She's awesome one of my favorite coaches of all time
 Um, their name is Tara Williams and Tara
 It was interesting because like I always thought like again
 I think especially people who are religious like there's always this belief of like is money gonna make me evil and like
 You know you hear these things on so I had that I definitely had a subconscious fear around that like if I get too much money
 I'm gonna forget god. I'm gonna like forget my family
 I'm gonna like all these things could happen and they because they do it happened to so many people we see it
 Right and so I had that fear behind it
 um
 And uh, I remember especially like when we bought my my house and I was like, you know, I bought this house and it was crazy
 So many terrors at her house actually doing coaching sessions my wife and I and it was it was an interesting thing
 But she said a couple things in that in that meeting that just like had a big impact on me
 And she's one of the things was like do she asked my wife this specifically doing this is bad
 That you bought this house and my wife is just like, yeah, like she has so much guilt associated with it, right?
 Because she's like oh like and
 It was interesting because you know, Tara brought back like hey because you said money
 Talk about things you've done like like last year you'd give a million dollars. Oh you are last year you did this last year
 You did this like how many people you've given help how many?
 Entrepreneurs are getting empowered how many jobs if you created we started going through this whole thing and it was like
 Like like all these things you're doing is been creating wealth for you
 Right?
 Like and so like you have this wealth like you can just give away and you guys do give a lot away
 But like but like is it bad for you now to like enjoy something to buy a house and it's like
 You know and still it's like yeah, like I don't know is it bad or not and she's like now you have this house
 Like what do you guys do with this house?
 It's like what we have our kids here and we have our family here
 We bring people here and we're like we're able to like serve people at a different level because we have these these things
 And all of a sudden it was like oh my gosh like this isn't a bad thing. I remember hearing um
 Richard Branson somebody asked him
 Who was it?
 It was like another one's like moments for me that opened my mind
 But some of that's Branson like hey, do you feel guilty that you're not down at the soup kitchen like helping feed feed these people
 And Branson's response was so powerful. We said look like he's like the people of the soup kitchen who were who are like
 Who are feeding people that's an amazing we're so grateful for them like that they're giving their time and their effort
 It's like it's powerful. It's like I don't have the ability or I'm not going to go to the soup kitchen like feed people soup
 But I can give the soup kitchen $50,000. That's going to feed you know 10,000 people. It's like
 It's like it's it's different service, but it's still service and and this is able to help even more people and start thinking about it like man
 like
 like these tools that we create like wealth and these and the things that we have like
 Can be so much more impactful if we use it correctly
 Um, and so it's not a bad thing. It's just understanding like man. These these are these are tools that we have
 So I don't know how anyway, yeah, no
 It's interesting but it's interesting you say that and phrase it that way because that was one of the things actually Brad give
 Who's he's a very good friend of mine as well?
 Um, and we talk a lot and he has taught me probably more about money
 As far as like investing and just how it works and how to use it and like things like that probably more than anybody else, right?
 uh, very very smart, right and uh
 one of the things that he said is
 My money is not all the same
 Right and he's like you can have a million dollars over here and a million dollars over here
 And one of them be used for good and to multiply and to be productive and one of them be used just for just to indulge and be
 Gluttonous and to be greedy and he's like so is money good or bad?
 He's like it's it's not it's not good. It's not bad. It is it is a tool for exchange, right?
 But he goes how you go and use it will determine whether or not like it's good or bad for you in your own life
 And like when when he put it that way, I was like, oh man if I have my money and i'm investing and i'm multiplying it and it's creating
 Freedom and then i'm using that to be able to go out and give back or do like all of a sudden money is now good
 It makes me be able to do my job better, right?
 But if i'm just going and i you know make a million dollars i go to vegas and i put a hundred grand on black
 Right like yeah cool. Maybe once in your lifetime, but like, you know, that is not a good thing anymore now
 It's taking away from your gift so it can either be an amplifier or it can be something that takes away
 And like that was a really really big shift for me was like, hmm
 How am i using it? Yeah, yeah, it's powerful and i think
 um
 Yeah, i think
 I don't know it just comes down to like there's so many subconscious things that that are that are weird about it
 Next thing we'll talk about for entrepreneurs too, and this is the trap
 Um with money that i got caught into for almost 15 years
 So um when i started my business i remember i started just making some money
 I figured like what my wife and i needed to live in i think the time was like $8,000 a month is like giving us this like
 The most amazing lifestyle ever so we set it up where our pay check was like grand a month and that's what was coming from the company
 And everything else in the company i kept reinvesting back in the company and for for a while that's important, right?
 It's like like that's what we're gonna grow when we expand it and i look at my business for the next
 Man decade at least maybe maybe longer. Um, i never pull anything else out like all make up getting reinvested
 reinvested reinvested and
 Eventually some of you has heard my story like uh 10 12 years ago with this big crash where like everything got shut down
 And we lost everything and the thing that sucked is like when it all said and done i had nothing
 There was nothing like we never pulled money out. We never invested we never know anything
 It was just like it was all being reinvested back into the business and um
 And so like and i got my my guarantee we had our certainty eight grand a month coming in consistently every single time
 But then like nothing nothing happened and i remember when we launched you know after the the after happened everything crashed and we're rebuilding back up and
 During that time we had no money so everything's being reinvested back in the business because we had no business that point, right?
 And we started figuring things out this from that Todd we launched click funnels and when we launched click funnels
 I was I instantly back to my same pattern like cool. All the money goes back into click funnels
 That's how we're gonna do this thing and Todd was like dude
 Just so you understand is like i'd not build this thing to just have a good paycheck and let this thing keep growing
 He's like he's like this is not worth it for me less we pull money out and i remember i was like
 I had so much fear and I was like no like we can't do this and this is like one of Todd and i's first and probably only a real
 Real things were he was just like it's not worth it to me unless this is producing money
 That's being put over here for my family for my church for my thing all the things i want to be doing
 Um and so again we fought back and forth for a couple months the very first time we had some profit
 I was like we do this profit and i'm like put it back in the business and it's always like no
 We need to like pull it out of the business and and we fought back and forth and finally we figured out a way to kind of
 Make us both happy where we we figured we need at the time it was like we need three months of money in reserves worst case scenario
 That's there but then after that's over all the money 100 somebody needs to be pulled out and given to the owners
 otherwise
 Otherwise we're gonna be like you were russel 15 years in and you've got nothing to show for it
 Like all the stress all the effort all the energy and nothing to show for it
 And so that's how we set things up that i remember it was so scary for me in fact when we started pulling out
 And distributing out the profits every single month. I kept mine in there for like two years
 I didn't have to penny of it because i'm like oh but as a separate account was over there
 And what was crazy though is that all of a sudden like this thing that I was doing started by actually producing wealth for me
 Which took like the stress down and I started seeing this thing happening and all of a sudden it started giving me options
 Where I had to watch was ahead of time and so I think for a lot of entrepreneurs
 It's like we have this thing and it's funny because I see even big people like
 Gary V talk about it's like oh, I don't care about money. I double my my my ackin and like it's like i'm just building this brand
 And i'm like, yeah, I thought that was the thing for a while too
 But like it's it's not like if it's not if the business is not producing wealth for the owners
 Like what's the point of it eventually you got a job and that's it like it needs to be doing something or else
 It's not serving you and therefore it's it's not it's not a gift
 Right and was that the thing though that like
 Helping you overcome that was it just doing it?
 Yeah, it's like that would help you overcome it if it wasn't for Todd, I would still be
 Pointing at a grand a month and that would be that'd be if i'd be living 100% Todd forced me to it and it stressed me out
 I was so scared and for two years I touched somebody else and I was like oh my gosh
 There's just money here now I can like now I had the ability to like I had like this thing
 I had created this value I started putting the world was like was paying us back and now we could like now open all sorts of options like
 and
 You know, especially when you're like you're you're really pushing and you're working hard and you're grinding on something like if you don't see
 Some tangible value back from it like it's it's not serving you. It's just taking from you, right?
 Yeah, and so it's like just again. This was my personal money
 One of my personal issues I struggled with years may or may not be that but I would say for all of you guys like looking at this
 It's like as you're creating a business and creating wealth
 Like you need to be pulling those things out and the way you do it this up to you
 Right like you talk about using it for good you can evil you can give it to charity
 You can do whatever but if it's not like if the business is just paying for some of the business will continue to eat up all your money
 Like it just it will like you leave money and it's going to continue to eat it up and it'll disappear as fact
 Yeah, it can possibly happen, but when you start pulling it out. It's over here. It's different
 Um, man, it becomes more efficient because more effective and like everything becomes better because of that
 Um, anyway, so yeah, it changes your and it changes. It's funny because my my thing. I had that same struggle except
 Like I wasn't even paying myself. I was literally just
 Over my bills for the month like the bare minimum. Yeah, and then that was it and then I met my now wife
 Right, I started like thinking about finances and like she wanted stuff and I was like
 But also the business, right?
 And it and it was kind of like this thing and katie came along and was like josh
 Like the very first she didn't give me a lot of tactical things
 Right, it was very mindset focus where one of the biggest tactical things that she gave me out of the very few that she did
 Which she's like you need to pay yourself a paycheck and that paycheck needs to not only be enough to cover all your expenses
 But it needs to be in excess. Yep, right?
 And like when I started to put away like multiple thousand dollars a month into savings or into being able to new invest outside of the company
 Right like it changed my whole entire perspective and weirdly enough
 magically the business like ate more money
 Right and there's like made it every month and it's like we're entrepreneurs
 We figure out problems or brain-like programs for it and then I started looking at myself as an expense
 Right, I was like I'm a line item on the books like just like I'd pay a contractor
 That's me right all of a sudden the business made enough money to cover that but before that it didn't it's crazy. Yeah, it's um
 It's interesting because when you start seeing the results like
 I talked about this before like you look at my disc profile
 There's like the d. I see and then there's like your values and my number one value is ROI
 So like if I can't see the ROI of a situation it makes it hard for me to do it
 So I was in business for a decade and half and the ROI was getting was good
 Like I was like oh like I'm helping people and having success and it's fun to see
 Success stories and like and like that was the ROI was getting
 Um, and it was good it kept me going but man like I look at the last seven years of click fun
 It was like the pressure and the stress and all the type of things
 Um, and it wasn't for like the ROI on like like man
 I took this pressure but like here's ROI of it
 I wouldn't be able to do it and as soon as I see the ROI and the ROI gets bigger and bigger and bigger
 And all since like this becomes fun again and you're excited like how to make the ROI for me
 It's all about the ROI the return on investment any situation is the key right?
 Um, and so it's like if you don't have the ROI it gets hard like it
 It's hard to be creative it's hard to come up the next idea and the next thing and like the stress and the pressure to come like
 Like what's the return on investment from the effort you're putting into it
 But if you see the ROI
 And it like you start ampliant then it becomes a more fun game and like that's where you start growing from a million
 To 10 to 100 I'm beyond because it's like I see this game. I'm playing it
 I'm getting the return on investment
 But I never saw it before because the only return on investment I was getting was was this one thing and and those things like they feel good
 But it's hard to keep score with the feel good right like you gotta have a support board to say oh my gosh
 I'm winning kind of would even more like what's it look like and now and now it gives you options and opportunity
 Yeah, and you mean tell me that all the stress and pressure isn't worth $8,000 a month
 Um, you know, I could get I was like I could I mean nowadays with all the inflation I can work at mcdonald's freight grand a month
 I think like it's crazy man. I mean like but that's crazy. That was the
 Anyway, it's crazy. So you can buy you can buy Bitcoin and keep up with inflation Bitcoin
 Savior of money. Um, okay
 What more like I kind of want to dive this wasn't make this a money episode because that's kind of where it's been yeah like
 When did you make the shift because I think one of the big problems with entrepreneurs talking a little bit more maybe a little bit more established entrepreneur is
 Once they're making money, um, you know, I was talking with Brad about this and he was talking about in the inner circle
 Right and he was in there in in county right kings right and the guy's like what's the main problem that you solve?
 Right and Brad was like
 So interesting we thought we could answer that question then he asked us that we try to do it
 And it was like dang what is the main problem that we solve right and you know what he said is one of the things that they kind of came down to was
 Entrepreneurs know that like if they have money it should be doing more
 But they don't know what to do with it, right? And I think this is something that you probably
 Are an amplified example of this? It's like you're really really good at making money
 And so like you don't even need to think about what your money should be doing because you can just go make more of it
 Right and like once again, that's comes you've un you know kind of unshackless
 Let's like all right when I want new cars go build a funnel. We want to pass go build a funnel want to take a vacation launch a funnel
 Right, like just do a funnel and use print money, right?
 Like for you like when did that shift happen for you when you actually started paying attention to like, okay
 I can't just leave my money in account right now
 Like I can't just and I can't just buy cars and houses because those don't make me you know, right?
 Like you have the houses you've got the cars you got everything you ever wanted and you still have money left over
 So like when did you make that shift of like my money needs to be doing more and how did you solve that problem?
 interesting
 This is what has been more recently solved for me actually which is fascinating because
 Um, I didn't know for a long time. I was just hoarding it like just hoarding it keeping here, right?
 And then at brand Ryan like you have to like invest them
 I'm like, oh, I don't want to do that
 So like they forced me to do so I give them a bunch of money every year and they do whatever they do with it
 And that's awesome. I'm like, okay cool. Something's happening
 But then like the money kept adding up and I remember one day
 I was like, I think I'm in a weird spot where I could buy anything almost any I want like what do I want?
 I was like, okay, I'm gonna go and just like I'm gonna spend some money and so I remember going to uh,
 I remember going to ebay and I was like, I'm gonna buy anything I want and so I was searching for stuff
 And I spent like four hours on ebay when all of a sudden I spent like three grand. I was like, that's it
 I got everything I wanted like
 I'm like, oh crap. Now what do I do with it, right?
 And believe it's interesting because for me it was like
 again, this is something just
 It's been a recent development and and I can't remember for this podcast, although when I I talked about it, but um
 I was like, I didn't know what to do with this, right?
 Like yeah, I can invest in real estate, but like that wasn't inspiring to me
 Like I have money in crypto, but that's not that inspiring
 Like what's the thing that's gonna inspire me to want to do more right?
 Again, it's our wife me like what's it gonna give me the our wife like now I gotta create more money so I can do this thing
 Right and so I have a lot of things again
 And we do money to charity
 We do money all those things are good and they they get me excited
 I was like like what would be the thing that for me would amplify and I think when we bought Dan Kennedy's company
 It was the first time I felt it like I bought his thing
 We were the reorganize that cleaned it up and I was like, oh my gosh
 I'm able to take these things that were so precious to me and I can like bring them back to the world
 And I can monetize and make money off of this thing and I was like, I got really excited
 And so like I told you I started buying
 Old books right I started investing in Napoleon Hill books and uh charles hennall and like
 Orson sweet martin and samuel smiles and all these people are like the the founding fathers of personal development and business and all these kind of things
 And I've literally spent um a small fortune a big
 I spent a lot of money in the last couple more old old books
 Because now it's like I'm not investing in real estate this over here investing in seeing that care about now
 It's like i'm investing in something that I can take and I can turn this into more money
 And I turn it into uh and to help I can serve my entrepreneurs. I can do more things with it
 Um, and so like for me, it's like that's what's been
 Stimulating for me. I was like the investment of because it was like I can dump it back into
 I don't know just things but it's like something that's like meaningful to me
 And some people crypto is meaningful some people's nft some people's like
 They're like finding the thing that's not just like i'm investing to invest like what's the thing what you're passionate about it where
 It becomes more than just
 I don't know so for me like that's where i'm geeking out on like I you know this like the next door
 I'm building a 20 000 square foot library to house all these books to build an event center to build all these kind of things because
 This is where I feel like my life's mission is i'm curating all these ideas and bring them back to people in a simple new form
 Um to help these ideas and these concepts live on and for me
 That's like double fulfilling because it'll make me money
 But it's also something I can like serve the people I've been called to serve as well
 So like my candies come down serving these people but i'm also making money which gives me more ability to serve some more people and like
 It's kind of fun. What was the shift though? Because like for a while you didn't do that right?
 Yeah for a while i just sat there. I didn't know I know what it was
 Um like what who who or what got you to the point where you're like, okay
 I've got to go figure this out
 Because like yes, yes, this is what you ended up doing with it. I think a lot of people they like
 There's got to be that thing that's like
 This is when I realized I got to figure out because just like or I mean some people just let it set the whole life
 I guess but like you know what i'm saying. I think I heard stories about like and I don't know how true
 I don't know, but like scotty pippin or mike tyson like he made half a billion dollars and he's broke
 I was like, I don't want to be that dude who made half a billion dollars and broke right now
 Um, so like I need to figure out I was joking with brad and ryan when we were writing their webinar pitch initially
 I was like he like on 30 rock i'm like there's that scene where liz lem is talking to
 Alec Baldwin is like I need that thing that risk people do with they turn money into more money
 He's like investing like yeah, I want to do that
 And so like for me was that as like I got money here
 I need to figure out how to turn money into more money. It's not just me doing the whole thing right or it's
 like how do we how do we amplify or do how do we
 have that exponential growth and so
 That was kind of the the thing that got me into it and again initially was like doing the things that weren't excited
 I'd invest money real estate. I hated that so I ran Ryan invested with them
 That was cool as passive. It wasn't like passionate
 It was like trying to figure out like what's the thing that i'm going to be passionate about where now it becomes part of a game
 Now I can see the eye on the singing and now it's like I invested you know
 40,000 a week in an old books
 How do I turn that into 400,000 or 4 million or 40 million like can I do that like how now the game begins now?
 It's fun. Yeah, you know and some people that real say is that game like they go and I got friends who own a hundred houses
 Or 200 houses like that's the game that they love like at Tai Lopez. He's buying these businesses
 That's the game that he loves so it's like what's the game you're gonna love the investing game?
 You're gonna love and there's a really ways to invest but we find one that you love then it becomes like
 I don't know now becomes like a fun part of the game and so
 Yeah, I think it's just like yeah
 Understanding first off you need to do it otherwise you're gonna and like you mentioned this I can't remember before we started recording
 But people who won two comic club and they got nothing or two comic kebex and they're broke right like
 Entrepreneurs are getting generating money
 But there's like this other part that you got to learn how to invest it correctly
 Otherwise you're gonna pull a Tyson or pippin and be broke in in a couple of years from now
 And like yeah, I got 32 comic book boards on the on the wall
 But I'm trying to figure out a few my family this weekend and that's not yeah
 We will be so crazy that that's a reality for people
 Right like it really really is and I think that's one of the things that I am very very thankful to have learned relatively early on is like
 Yeah, well, there's two different skill sets making money. They are money are not the same thing
 Right. Yeah, um, yeah, we're completely different skills
 So the fact typically the people who are going to make you money are the worst at and managing like it's like yin yin yin
 And so it's like understanding like if you're gonna making it you need to find people around you like brad and rhinos
 It's like here's money do that thing you do because I don't want to mess it up
 Right. Um, yeah, because yeah in fact it's it's funny before I invest my brad and rhin invested in two different deals
 I was like this is like the greatest thing in the world and both them literally both of them turn out to be ponzi schemes
 I got to write off multiple millions dollars last year because I gave money to two ideas that were so good that me as the entrepreneurs
 Like this is genius. This is the greatest thing in the world ponzi scheme because um, I got sold on like the thing right like
 Um, it's like it's funny. Um, one of my friends just sold his business for eight figures and he messaged me
 He's like all right. I want to ask you your opinion like where should I put this money?
 I was like dude do not ask me
 If I think it's a good idea it's gonna be a ponzi scheme
 So I was like find someone who that's their life is that they have brad and rhin go give your money to them
 Um or find something like I'm doing now with the books and stuff where it's like now
 I like this is something that fits into my skill set. I think it was um
 What's the old dude who invests all the money warm up it?
 Then like said like only invest in things you understand right?
 So it's like I understand how to turn old like information into money
 And so it's like I'm investing in information and intellectual properties
 I can turn that into more money and slap it up to the I can invest in because I understand the game
 Right. I don't understand so interesting. I don't understand this but I do understand this
 Therefore I will invest in the thing that I understand because I can turn this into more money
 That makes sense side note on Warren Buffett
 You know like like 80 percent of his wealth or something like that came off of like nine trades
 Really like nine but nine investments that he made like it produced like 80 percent of his wealth or something like that
 Not insane. That's fantastic. And that's why when he I read the quote from him. It was in the context of this quote
 It was like
 Warren Buffett's like everyone thinks they have to make a bunch of good decisions
 He's like I tried to make three good decisions a year
 And I was like oh my gosh
 What the heck and then I found out that like 80 percent of his wealth came from like it was like eight or nine trades or something
 Or investments and I was like all right. I guess that makes sense then if you only need to make so anyway
 Uh last question rapid fire question on money
 If there is there anything that you would do if you could go back and change something about what you've done or you're handling with money
 Is there anything that you would change and if so, what's the one the biggest thing that would be?
 Oh good question. Um
 I think I would have started
 Well number one I would start a pulling money out of my business faster
 And then number two I would have a plan for what I would do without money like
 I wish I would have said okay, I'm gonna pull out
 All my pro after three months of thing pull out of the profit and I'm gonna put
 You know 25 percent in real estate 20 percent crypto 25 percent in like something else and just had that happening in the background
 I'd be much wealthier man today
 It took me a long long time before I did that and Todd forced me to start putting money in crypto
 Which was like one of the greatest gifts ever for me
 Um, you know brad and ryan are now forcing me to put money over here
 So it's like it's like taking that and putting it in spots where where again
 It's not gonna be 100 percent, you know, I'm gonna fall for two pounds this scheme's a year probably
 But if I get one of them to win and three even to fail or whatever that is like that's the that's the big thing
 So, um, I think I always thought like I will start pulling money out when
 Blah, you know when I had to come up when I hit a million
 What I the problem is like that the when never comes like you got a structure from day number one
 Like when money comes in boom profits come out
 You know this happens here. I'm paying myself first from the money I pay myself like 10 percent
 Going to go for me to go do stupid things
 25 percent going to real estate or
 Bitcoin or stocks or like whatever 20, you know, I'm like
 Like dividing that stuff up so it's happening
 Um at a small level because when that happens man
 I wasted a decade and happy for any kind of investments happening
 Can you imagine if I had 15 years of of the stuff I was doing turning into something like I I've missed out on
 So much of that that I wish I was done
 You just got to make sure that you have a small percentage there which is dedicated to losing bets in bitcoin to josh
 Yeah, that then we get the rest of your life. You're gonna be losing bets. So that's how that's gonna work
 All right guys. I hope you enjoyed this episode
 Uh with money, I'll let you sign it off, but this is awesome
 Right we get to hear else what we're gonna talk about money, which is something that
 We make a ton of it, but you don't really talk about it, which is awesome. So, um
 Yeah, thanks for kind of sharing a little bit more. Oh, thank you
 And I apologize. I don't have a framework for this yet
 But this gets me thinking like man if I could figure out something for entrepreneurs like like this is
 The next thing to do um, so then I'll talk more about it as I kind of figure things out
 But it's fascinating like I remember uh about a dan kennedy course on wealth creation
 And it was fascinating because like I heard dan talk about building businesses and all sorts of stuff
 But it's the first time we were talking about wealth and it was again same thing fascinating like oh my gosh
 Like I never thought about that side of the coin
 Because most entrepreneurs don't talk about it or think about it
 And I think it's important for us to think and talk and do more with it because again 15 years of never investing anything
 Man would have been nice. I'd be a different spot right now than i am today for sure
 So thank you josh for hanging out and talking about money
 Hopefully you guys enjoyed this episode if you did let us know if you want more about money and wealth and these kind of things
 Let us know and we'll go deeper on topics. Uh, just take a screenshot of this on your phone
 Post it and tag tag me and write your number one question when you're here and maybe we'll talk about it on the next podcast
 Thanks again. Thank you josh and I will see you guys soon
 [Music]
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone
 And post it to facebook instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this
 Episode and what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also dan kitty and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsledder.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift you also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one from me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsledder.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
