 Hey, what's up everybody? It's Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast.
 Today, I want to talk about shortcuts.
 So, the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers.
 Okay, so, I don't know.
 He followed me on Instagram and said he'd probably seen the pieces of it, but I've been slightly cracking over the last five or six weeks because the load has been heavy.
 Like insanely heavy. In fact, six weeks ago, I made a list of all stuff I have to do. I was just like, I don't think it's as possible.
 And a couple of times I couldn't sleep. I was at like four or five in the morning because I couldn't fall asleep.
 I was stressed about it. We said, "Mate it worse the next day. I couldn't even function." I was tired. I was like losing days.
 I was just like, "Oh, anyway, but I'm at the end. I'm on the last week. And in a week from now, I'm going to be on vacation for like two weeks with my family and just like unplugged and like catching some breath of fresh air.
 But it's been heavy. And it's interesting because like yesterday, well, since we get my sister came into town, which has been so much fun.
 Her whole family. So it's like, I don't want to ever be the person who misses the party because it works.
 I'm like, I have to be part of the party. So I'm like doing all this stuff and like making sure I'm out.
 And I'm there. And I guess, shame my daughter. It's not her birthday yet, but they all went to Roaring Springs.
 This is a big water park here for her birthday. And so I'm like, I can't miss that. So I ended waking up at like five in the morning.
 I worked from five till noon, getting like basically a whole full workday. And I took off.
 What with them? Roaring Springs till like eight o'clock and I got back. And then I worked from eight till two-thirty in the morning.
 I got two shifts that day. Plus the shift to the kids. It's like sleep is like, basically, I got to get rid of something.
 Only I can get rid of the sleep. So I can get rid of fun. I can get rid of family. I can get rid of the projects that I pull out sleep and get rid of it, which you can't do for too long.
 But now it's Tuesday. So I have Tuesday and Wednesday for me to go and getting all the new coaching modules that are going to be launching next week.
 I have to get those all done. And then plus I have the three-day event, which is a virtual event, which means I'm the only one there speaking.
 So I've got a dozen or so presentations I'm working on there. Needless to say, it is a lot.
 The burden is heavy. But the good news is it's almost in. Again, this week I'm going to be able to unplug this big.
 So what I want to talk about though is shortcuts. Because in the process of this, as I'm moving forward as fast as I can to go, this thing is done.
 I have to look for shortcuts, right? Because there's no way to get everything done. It's impossible.
 So you have to look for shortcuts. And so one of the nice things I like about this whole, I don't know, maybe it's bad.
 But for me it's like I try everything. I have nothing to pre-plan. It's like just in time production.
 Like everything we get done just in time. It doesn't get done really ever. It never has my entire life.
 I never got homework done until the minute it was due, right? I never get projects done.
 Because if I plan it too far in advance and I have all the time to think, and then I don't know.
 The greatness comes when you're under pressure and stress and you start discovering these shortcuts.
 So yesterday we got back to the water park. I'm sitting there. It's like eight o'clock and almost nine o'clock at night.
 I'm about to start working on the modules again. I'm just like, I don't know if I can get this done in time.
 And I'm thinking like, how can I shortcut this? I'm looking for the shortcut, right? And then I could peer.
 And the shortcut in this situation was whose products and whose content, whose courses could I license to shortcut what I'm doing?
 And also I was like, oh my gosh, there was this modulate to create the private, I mean, realistic.
 It would take about a week to create the whole thing. And it would have been good, but I don't know if it could have been great.
 And I was like, oh my gosh, there's someone in our community who's created something that's great.
 And I was like, can I shortcut? I wonder if she'd be willing to let me license it.
 So I called it up on through Vox. I'm like, hey, I need a quick favor.
 Would you be willing to license me your entire course? And within about 15 minutes we figured out a deal and a structure.
 And today I'm wiring her money and she's sending me her a course. And I'm going to be plugging that into the training
 to fill this gap. And what's crazy is like, it just short cuted me a week.
 Like I just bought myself a week back that I would have had to figure out somewhere on the boat in Lake Powell.
 That would have worked. Anyway, I bought myself a week back.
 And the reality is what she created was so much better than I ever created.
 Like, it's already, man, I'm looking at the stuff that she's sending over.
 I'm like, this is way better than what I would have done.
 She's so much more detail-oriented. And just everything is more thought through.
 It was just like, it was a shortcut. So it short cuted saved me a week worth of time.
 It saved me so much stress and anxiety. And then it actually turned out better than if I would have done it myself.
 And so it got me thinking like, man, where else can I start short cutting things?
 I'm looking at now everything I'm doing right now in this window.
 Like, hey, what can I not do? What can I give someone else?
 Like, what's the things? Like, where can I work on short cut things?
 And so for me it was licensing a course and licensing content.
 And this morning I licensed three other people that are like, hey, you got something like this.
 I can license or a course or a thing I can license. I got to teach this concept.
 But you know better than I do. Can I license it?
 And the people are sending me stuff and it's like I'm speeding up my process.
 Anyway, and I want to show you this because I had a conversation with Todd who, those are Todd Dickerson.
 He's my business partner. ClickFunnels. He's the dude who built the original ClickFunnels.
 He's a genius. Literally, the smartest person I ever met.
 Don't tell him that because his head will get bigger.
 But no, he's like literally the smartest person I ever met in my life.
 And it was funny because we were talking about him and other developers and things like that.
 And he told me, I think that makes me the best developers because I'm so lazy.
 I'm like, what? I'm like, dude, you're not lazy. You're the hardest worker.
 He's like, I know I'm a hard worker, but he's like, the reason why I'm such a good developer
 and I get things done so fast is because I look at everything.
 I'm like, oh, I can do this. And there's like, there's a six month version that I can use
 and get done in six months. But is there a way I can get this done in two days instead?
 And that's the thought he always looks at.
 And he's like, oh, well, instead of me coding and holding a scratch by borrowing this here and this here
 and then get these libraries and I don't know. This is all the coding talk I understand.
 Then I could have done two days versus six months. Maybe I have to not do these four or five features,
 but it's done in two days versus six months.
 And it's funny because he's trained our development team to start thinking that way.
 In fact, Ryan Montgomery who was our CTO for a long time, it's always the joke for him.
 He's like, you're looking at a product. Okay, it's going to take me six months.
 Then go get your Todd hat, put your Todd hat on and think, what would Todd do?
 Todd would be like, well, I wouldn't do that way.
 I would just shortcut here, here, here and get it done in two days as opposed to six months.
 And so that's the joke is like, put your Todd hat on before you come back.
 That's good. Now put your Todd hat on and reevaluate and come back with like a shorter timeline, right?
 And so I'm thinking about that now. I just basically put my Todd hat on, right?
 To shortcut these modules and things I'm doing that weren't realistic for me to get done in time.
 And now it's like, I just bought myself a week. I'm moving forward quickly now and it's exciting.
 And so I want you to start looking at your projects that way.
 A lot of times there's a shortcut. A lot of times there's a way you can do something faster.
 You can be licensed in this product because you hire somebody.
 It could be like a million different things, but what's the shortcut you can do today that gets you there faster?
 Put your Todd hat on and figure out how to get the shortcut.
 So I want to show it today because by putting a Todd hat on today,
 I said myself at least a week worth the work. I made the product better and everyone's happy.
 The person I licensed the product from is ecstatic because they got a ton of money
 and they're going to get all this credibility because they're in our product.
 I got to save myself the time and effort. Our customers are going to win because they got a better product
 than what all of a sudden done and all get done faster because I looked for this shortcut.
 So there you go. There's the thought for today. I want to drop on you as you're doing your projects.
 It's figuring out what is the shortcut, putting your Todd hat on and figuring out the shortcut.
 That's the thank you guys so much for everything. And hopefully you're moving forward on your projects
 and getting back to changing the world in your own little way.
 And with that said, I'll talk to you guys all soon. Bye everybody.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again. And really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions. And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes
 on a single day answering questions through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text me a message.
 Okay? Now the phone number you need to text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797. When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message
 where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag,
 giving you away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list. On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes,
 my favorite frameworks and things. You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
