 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson.
 Tonight on the Marketing Secrets Podcast, I want to talk to you about creating your very own universe.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everyone, I'm not sure if you listened to yesterday's podcast, but I recorded that like five minutes ago
 and I'm still walking another track and just got excited about another idea that I want to share with you. So here we are.
 Alright, so
 today when I was at my kids filled all day boiling in the sun, I was listening to Dan Kennedy and
 man, I just love listening to Dan Kennedy stuff of all of the marketing of all the people that I study.
 He's my most consistently go back to you.
 So take that for what it's worth. I don't know why. I think he is most entertaining.
 He always gets, he stimulates my brain with these new ideas and thoughts and beliefs and patterns and
 anyway, it's really really cool. So one thing, oh one thing that's interesting. So this is kind of tangent. So hope you don't mind.
 It's funny. So
 you know when you learn about legends and it's like there's this legend you're like, oh my gosh, this person's amazing.
 After he gave his Dan Kennedy, he was like, you know, talk about gravy as I'm gonna kind of tear him down accidentally. What I would mean to, he's still the man.
 But it's so funny. Like, for example, in the wrestling world, the greatest wrestler,
 you know, the legend is Dan Gable. He's like the Michael Jordan of our sport, right?
 He went through high school and college didn't lose any match.
 It was last match his senior year in college and then he lost it and then
 he became so obsessed with that. He started training again and ended up like three years later winning a gold medal in the Olympics.
 And what's crazy about it is that not a single person scored on him in the Olympics.
 In fact, before going to the Olympics, the Russians were like, we're gonna create an athlete specifically designed to beat Dan Gable.
 And they just wanted to beat the Americans so bad.
 So that was the whole goal of the Russian team was this beat Dan Gable, which is crazy.
 And they, as legend goes, Dan would work out for about seven hours a day
 here in the States and then he had to go to bed at night.
 And then he knew though, as he was going to bed at night, that the sun was rising in the Soviet Union.
 He knew the Russians were training and he couldn't like handle that.
 And so he wake up at night, he'd run, he got and run at night because he didn't want to be laying on his back sleeping while the Russians were training,
 which is like so many cool metaphors, right?
 So Dan is the man, he is the legend, he is like, he is wrestling, right?
 And what's interesting now is you fast forward and I actually think you've done credit for this.
 So Dan brought his style of wrestling to Iowa, the Hawkeyes made Hawkeyes the dominant team forever.
 And like everybody rose up to the Hawkeye level.
 And like it wrestling today was built off of the shoulders of Dan Gable.
 And anyways, it's pretty cool to watch. But the other day I went back and I watched some of Dan Gable's wrestling matches
 because now we have YouTube and like everything's archived, it's so cool.
 I'm watching Dan Gable's wrestling match and again, like the legend, like the Michael Jordan of wrestling, like the greatest of all time.
 And I'm watching these matches, in fact I watched them match, he lost his senior year in college.
 And watching this match, I'm like, this feels like a high school JV wrestling match.
 Like the level that we compete at today as a country is insane, right?
 It's way better. Like most people nowadays would go back and we would compete against Gable and they would destroy him.
 It is prime. But he was the legend, right? And he pushed the sport forward and now you look at, you know, fast forward, have him many 40 years later.
 And because of his influence, his whole thing's grown.
 But like if you look at him like pound for pound versus the dudes who went NCA, now pound for pound, like they would destroy Gable, it wouldn't even be close.
 And so I had, I tell you this story because I had this funny thing.
 Like when I was learning the public speaking world, like I studied Kennedy, right?
 Like Kennedy actually stores him with all these public, or Peter Loa events would be 20,000 people in stadiums.
 They'd be selling stuff and like, and like that's where I got my inspiration.
 That's where I started studying and learning and like where I mastered state for things.
 I wanted to be like Dan Kennedy and which is like insane, right?
 And I studied this thing, oh, I studied him forever.
 And I studied all the people he trained.
 Like that's my whole the foundation of where the perfect webinar and the expert secrets of book and all this stuff that he came from, right?
 And fast forward till what was it?
 Three or four months ago when I was speaking at a Grant Cardo 10x event and there's 9,000 people in the room.
 And I remember thinking, I bet this is what it was like when Kennedy spoke of the old Peter Loa events when there's 20 or 30,000 people in the stadium.
 I was like, can you imagine like they would do that?
 You know, most like once a month around different parts of the country and they were on these circuits and they were speaking.
 I was like, oh, he must have made so much money, right?
 We do I did my pitch, make $3 million in 90 minutes.
 And I'm just like, oh, like I'm experiencing a little bit of what Dan Kennedy experienced, right?
 Like, and then was crazy.
 So crazy.
 So I'm listening to him today in his training course and he's talking about Peter Loa events again.
 And I was just like boom, pulled back like a decade ago and I first first learning about the stage presenting and all this stuff, right?
 And what was crazy is he's telling this, is he's telling these stories and he was talking about how much money he would make it appear low.
 And he said, with 20,000 people in the room and he was like, I would average from a typical stage presentation in that room.
 I'd walk away with $100,000 in my pocket and I was like, what?
 What? Which means he made he'd make $250,000 or so he could have the best way the speaking world works.
 He'd walk out $100,000 and take that home every single time.
 He's like, yeah, I'd speak twice a week sometimes, you know, at least once a month.
 And you know, I was making over a million bucks a year as a speaker and I was like, what?
 What? Like, this comes back to my Dan Gable.
 I'm like, Dan Gable, if I would have lived when you lived as good as I was today, I could have beat you in a wrestling match.
 I could have beat Dan Gable, the legend, like, oh, how crazy is that?
 And I'm looking at this and I'm like, oh my gosh, like, I've literally beat the Dan Gable of the marketing where I beat Dan Kennedy.
 Like, I did more in 90 minutes than he did in the entire year, the Peter Lowlands, speaking at 20,000-player-person rooms multiple times throughout the year.
 And anyway, it just blew my mind.
 So that's one of those weird things.
 But you'll get if it wasn't for Dan Kennedy's influence on me and then his influence on other speakers that I learned from,
 like, this whole thing, like, he evolved the entire thing to put it where it's out today.
 But I bet you right now, especially after going back and looking at recently Dan's old presentations and old pitches,
 like, my guess, any of you guys who've matched in the perfect webinar could outsell Dan without even blinking.
 In fact, I would bet a lot of money on that.
 And so it's just, it's fascinating.
 So, all right, I don't know why I went on that rant for the last six and a half minutes, but I thought it was interesting.
 So there you go. All right.
 So let me praise Dan again now because he is the man.
 And I'm talking about Dan Gable because in case he listens to some days, like Russell, you're a punk, like, no, Dan, you are the man.
 Like, you, yeah, so please all bow to the legend Dan Gable.
 You are the man. I love you.
 All right. So, and same with Dan Kennedy.
 So I'm going to talk about Kennedy, though, because, um, God, the guy just, like I said, of all the people I study,
 it always comes back to him. He's the one I study and learn from it. Like, I just, I love it.
 So, um, in the course I was going through today, which is crazy, five hours of, of being out in the sun on one and a half time speed,
 because I got like, what eight hours of Kennedy smooshed in my brain today, which was really, really fun.
 Um, and a bunch of cool things wrapped around that. Like, I could share, I could do days worth the podcast of the cool stuff I learned, but, um,
 this is one that was really, really fascinating. So he's talking about, um, companies.
 He spent a lot of time talking about Disney, um, and about their enterprise and how Disney works, right?
 How it was created, how it was crafted, how, how they build these universes inside.
 There's characters and there's, there's, there's, um, story lines and there's, all these things are happening inside of the context of this, um, this universe that Disney's created, right?
 They start talking about, um, Jim McMahon, the WWF, talking about this, this universe and there's, um, you know, opponents and people and fans and, and merchandise,
 and they, he built this entire universe, right? Um, where there's good guys, there's bad guys and people want to like, live and experience this universe.
 And then, um, I start thinking about like WWF, or excuse me, WWF, like, uh, the MMA, right? And, um, uh, looking at that whole world, uh,
 that, uh, what's the name, Dana, Dana White created, right? And this whole universe and, um, uh, he started talking about other ones, like,
 I talked about Playboy and Penthouse and Hustler and like, anyway, so from, from all sorts of aspects of life, from, from Disney to, to pornography and filth and everything in between, right?
 But I talked about these companies that are so big and they started talking about the net worth of these individuals, right?
 I talked about, I can't remember the exact number, it's a WWF dude, Jim McMahon, or whoever's name is. Um, I think, I think WWF does like two or three billion dollars a year,
 and McMahon's net worth is like 500 million dollars or something crazy like that, right? It's the reason why he's had so much success.
 The reason why the, like, these, these things live on beyond, beyond a product or anything is, is they created an entire universe.
 And, um, inside that universe, there's all these things, right? There's characters, there's heroes, there's villains, there's, um, there's storylines, there's, there's all this stuff, there's merchandise, there's all these things that have been created.
 And then he said, you know, I've tried to create some portion of that here inside a GKIC.
 And I started, again, started flashing back a decade ago when I first got into the GKIC world, which is Glazer Kennedy in a circle, and I joined Bill Glazer's mastermind,
 and I started going to Dan Kennedy events. And, and I remember because I would listen to all the CDs ahead of time, and I would hear stories about these people, right?
 Um, and, and, uh, like, they're on the grounds of the world, and, um, uh, Rory Fat, and, uh, I can blink off top of my head, all these guys, John, John Allynus and, like, all these people who are using Dan Kennedy's sound marketing, I remember listening to tapes,
 and I remember going to the events in this universe, and I remember seeing, um, these people I'd heard about, like, I heard them on CDs and tapes, and like, Dan talking about them, I remember meeting, and shaking their hands, being so awkward, and so nervous, wanting to get autographs, and then, I remember going there buying, like, Dan Kennedy t-shirts and courses, and like, and like, I was in, like, this, this marketing nerdy universe, right?
 Um, I started thinking about that, and I was like, oh my gosh, like, um, without really knowing it completely, and I, and obviously I've known pieces of it, right?
 Like, you've read expert secrets, I've talked about creating a mass movement and trying to, to take people, but I was like, if you really look at this, like, I feel like inside of the funnel-hacker movement site, ClickFunnels, like, we've created a universe, right?
 And it's not just, um, like, it's multifaceted, I remember, like, when Todd and I were first brainstorming ClickFunnels, one thing he said, he's like, I want to build something that creates an whole ecosystem of other companies around it.
 And, uh, he said, you know, we kind of saw this a little bit of infusion sauce, they didn't really capitalize on that well, but he said, I want people who full-time job are using ClickFunnels to help businesses.
 And, um, it's funny, we were, um, I was speaking of this government thing in Purdue, you guys probably heard the episode, a couple of podcasts back.
 Um, but before that, I was trying to figure out, like, how many, how many jobs have been created inside the ClickFunnels universe?
 And I was like, you know what, as I say, I think we're at 60, I can remember, 64, 65,000 members, right?
 We'll just say each of those entrepreneurs are using ClickFunnels, and it becomes a job. So there's 65,000 jobs right there, right?
 But the average company has anywhere from three to, like, 30 employees. Let's say 30, so conservative, so 60,000 turns into 180,000.
 And then you think about, um, uh, the, uh, like the other businesses that popped right, like the agencies, and the designers, and the freelancers, and the copywriters, and the customer support, like, all their sub jobs that kind of go out.
 And then they look at, like, when somebody, like, when we sell t-shirts, there's the entire t-shirt company that there's all those jobs are created, and then, like, when we're selling physical products and books and CDs and, like, um, like, when I do the best selling books, it's not just me that makes money on it.
 Right? Like, um, there are, there are the publishers, there are printers, there's, and we're trying to do the math, and, like, um, we got you about half a million jobs conservatively created because ClickFunnels is the thing. Half a million, um, jobs, and probably more than that.
 That's what we were able to, to, like, draw lines to as we were doing our, our, like, low case estimates, right? So it's probably more than that.
 So in this, in this universe, it's created half a million jobs, right? Inside of it, like, there are heroes, right? I look at, um, you know, people I talk about all the time, um, uh, uh, speakers with a lot of people like you live, um, you know, the stories I tell in my podcast, my Facebook Live, and my different places, like, if people become heroes.
 And then there's like heroes, there's villains. I remember, um, if you guys watched the book launch last year, we had, like, uh, Julie Storian, who was like a hero, and then you got Dan Henry, who's like the villain, and there's fighting back and forth, and there's like, there's things happening, and there's like, it's just crazy.
 And, uh, you couldn't have our events. We've literally done two comic book animated video at the events. We've got T-shirts, everybody buys.
 We have people right now who only will wear ClickFunnels clothes. We have our new swag store coming out where I've clicked on socks and, and watches and hats and coats and, like, merchandise.
 Um, uh, and, um, anyways, it's just, it's fascinating because, um, I always tell people less than you get probably heard me talk about this.
 Like, like, the hardest part is like seeing the pattern, right? But as soon as you see the pattern, you're aware of it, then it's like, oh my gosh, now I see the pattern, now I can amplify it, right?
 So now that I'm aware that my job is to create this universe, it sounds like, wow, how do I actually create this universe? How do I create superheroes?
 If you're at the fun I can live, then, Kaylin, uh, Poland, when she got to say, she talked about, um, how you have to give your customers an identity shift, right?
 You're shifting their identity and you bring them into your universe, they're coming to this universe where they have a whole new identity.
 And then what she said was so cool because they, they make millions of dollars off their swag drops. Uh, twice a month they, they, they do swag drops, they sell clothing.
 And, and she said, like, the swag drops, the clothing is like giving a, a cape to a new superhero. They've had an identity shift and they're giving them superhero cape and how they're part of this part.
 And I was like, oh my gosh, that's what we're doing. We're bringing people into universe to give them identity shift. We're giving them cape, even clothing.
 We're giving them a name, a place to belong. Um, and, uh, it's just exciting. So anyway, I'm sure that I, you, because today as I was sitting there in the heat, listening to him talk about these companies and the universes that have been created that people were plugging into, I was just like, that is, that's the new, the new vision.
 That's the pattern. Now that I'm aware of it. Now it's like, how can I amplify what else can I do? What did WAFF do to build the universe? What did Marvel do? What does DC done? What has Disneyland done? Like, now it's time to start studying these companies that have built, um, these universes and try to replicate figure what they're doing.
 So that's like the next thing I'm going to be geeking out on. Um, so I just want to share with you guys. Hopefully you can, can, um, start that journey with me. Um, it's been fun.
 It has, um, you're one of the, the cool side of side benefits or side effects of me being in this role of, um, the chief cheerleader at ClickFunnels, because I get to share these thoughts I have, and then I get to test them out in our community.
 And then, um, I get to see people who are grabbing onto them and then like implementing the same stuff. It's, it's fascinating. Like when we started this whole funnel hacker movement and I was like, I think I'm onto something.
 It was like an inner circle meeting where I shared it and Brandon and Kaelin were there and, and Kaelin's company at the time, Brandon and Kaelin's company, it was, um, it was tool time fitness.
 Tool was like spelled T-U-E-L-E, which was, um, Kaelin's maiden name. Um, and after talked about like, you know, the funnel hacker movement, right?
 People need to self-identify the cause and the movement. And she's like, oh my gosh, no one's ever gonna self-identify with my, with my last name.
 And so like on the flight home, she sat there, she's like, I had changed everything and like, they had a million dollar year business, right?
 Like, and they still like, we have to change everything. Like, if we're gonna actually take this to the next level, we have to shift our branding, our name, everything, which is crazy.
 Like, I guarantee 99% of people, if they would have heard me in that same room, they're like, well, nope, my brand's good. People know who I am.
 Instead, they're like, no, if we're gonna get the next level, like, we gotta change everything. So they went and changed, like on the flight home that she renamed it, she landed, she's like boxing it.
 Russell, it's lady boss weight loss, we're starting her movement and I was like, what? Like you changed it? Like, yeah, we're leading everything, we're changing everything.
 We're like, we're on and boom. And like within weeks, the whole thing was moved over and it was launched and it was rocking and rolling.
 Which is just insane. And so like, and then they're doing stuff and they're pushing the edge, like they're teaching me stuff now.
 I'm like, oh my gosh, this is so cool, right? I like it. Allison Prince came into our world a little over a year ago.
 So, I mean, I know she spoke a lot of life this year. And same thing I think we're talking about is movements and talk about lady boss.
 And she's like, well, how do I, how do I create my own movement, my own universe, my own whatever you want to call it?
 She created one called The Because Like Hand Clan. And she's like, why do you call that? And like, because I can.
 Well, why do we do this thing? Well, because I can. And she's like, I want to create people who have the ability to do whatever they want life because they can't.
 Yeah, I don't want people who like, they can't do that. So she created this movement called The Because Like Hand Clan.
 And now she's doing it. And she's taking this and she's building the whole community. And she's, you know, made millions of dollars now inside of her business.
 But she's building a movement. People are having success with it. And it comes back to like this whole concept of like, Because Like Hand.
 And now she's doing this. And so I'm able to watch what she's doing. I'm like, oh, I'm getting on these things. I'm learning back from her because she's taking this idea.
 So in case you're wondering like, why does Russell share all this random stuff that he's thinking about?
 It's because I love it when I share it. And I see you guys implement as well because we all have different perspective on it.
 Like when I hear a universe, I think of one thing, you hear something else and the way I'm implementing it's going to be different than what you guys implement.
 So please take this stuff and implement it. If you've got a business, you don't have a business yet. Listen to yesterday's episode.
 Let's get something up and crank in for you so then you can start geeking out and going deeper on these things.
 But if you've got something happening, like start thinking about this. How do we, like, this is a, this is a world we create, right?
 You think about, think about just the comic books like DC and Marvel and think about how many movies are in that franchise and what's happening.
 And it's been fun to watch. Like I was ever a comic book guy growing up. But man, I've been obsessed with the movies because it's so fun to see just what they've done.
 Inside these universes and how to bring all the characters together. And it's exciting. There's a lot to learn from it that we can apply back to our businesses.
 So, alright guys, that said, this is one of my longer podcasts. I didn't know anything you talk about. I got excited.
 So there you go. Appreciate you all you guys. Now it's time to start crafting and creating your own universes.
 That said, appreciate you. If you love this podcast, you can't think from it. Please go to iTunes and subscribe.
 We're going to be doing a lot of new stuff here in the very near future with a new channel. And I'm excited and I love to have you guys feedback.
 So, appreciate you all having an amazing day, night, wherever you are in the world. And we'll talk to you soon.
 Want more marketing secrets? If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books. Book number one is called Expert Secrets.
 And you can get a free copy at ExpertSecrets.com. And book number two is called .com Secrets.
 And you can get your free copy at .comsecrets.com. Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
