 What's up, everybody? How are you guys all doing? I want to welcome you back to the Marketing
 Secrets Podcast. I'm pumped and excited to be hanging out with you guys today. And I'm
 here today because I've got some cool stuff to talk to you about. I'm a little behind
 on podcast. Normally I try to get through four weeks in advance, but I've been slammed
 working on some cool things for you. And so I haven't been able to in fact tomorrow,
 something really cool is happening and this podcast isn't going to go out today. So because
 I'm slacking, I'm going to give you guys real-time updates, which hopefully will be
 really fun for you. So tomorrow, which is probably for most of you guys today that you're probably
 listening to this and the bulk of our people listening in like 24 hours of an episode dropping.
 So I'm excited because tomorrow I'm going to be announcing Funnel Hacking Live and who
 are the speakers on this year and why they're so exciting and who's coming and all that kind
 of stuff. And so because you guys are faithful podcast listeners, I'm going to give you some
 some sneak peeks on what's going down. But if you want to see the actual who's speaking
 this year by the time this is live, potentially the sales page will be up. And so if you go
 to FunnelhackingLive.com, you can see all the speakers. But I'm excited for this year.
 This year is going to be different. This is Funnel Hacking Live 9, which I have some
 really cool ideas for Funnel Hacking Live 9 and preparing for FHL 10. Next year will be
 10, the big one. Maybe the last one. I don't know. I've tweeted that back and forth of
 like, I can't believe the 10th year doing it. Like, do we change it? Do we completely
 shift it? But 10 is going to be a big one. But 9 is going to be a different one. Like
 this one I'm really, really excited for. Past Funhacking Live, you know, I've done a lot
 more of like, let's focus on different funnel types and marketing types. We're kind of
 touching upon a lot of different things. But I feel like the landscape of Markingline
 has shifted so much in the last year. Specifically, not specifically, completely tied to the
 cost of advertising. Like, that's been the biggest, I think, change for most people.
 I've seen so many business owners who were thriving over the last three or four years
 and during COVID blew up and had a lot of success and now we're struggling. I blame it
 all on the Apple, Facebook, feud. So I'm annoyed by those two both. So, but that's been like,
 honestly, the stem cloud problems, right? The tracking stuff and everything that's shifted,
 which is made ad costs go up. And so because that's so many businesses have gone under.
 And I looked like, what have I been doing personally inside of ClickFunnels? Number one,
 number two, what have I been doing with our highest end students, which is my inner circle
 and our two CC extras. And you guys probably heard me talking about this and hinting about
 this. But the reality is we've been shifting our models to this thing that I have so affectionately
 named the Lynchpin. And really, the goal of Lynchpin is how can we outspend everybody,
 right? I don't care if ad costs go up tenfold. How can I, how can an univigal is a tenfold
 I still win? And I started talking about this two years ago with their circle members and
 then more so two CC extras. Funnal I can allow my data presentation talking about it, but
 I think for the majority of people, they heard it and then they didn't think much about it.
 But my fear is that people who do not adopt this Lynchpin framework, if they don't understand
 it and master it the next 12 months, they're probably going to be out of business. That's
 just the reality of where things are. And I would say, I say with the caveat, outside
 of you becoming a master at free advertising, you know, content marketing, which is a big
 focus of mine moving forward and will also be a big focus if I don't like you my this
 year. But anyway, the reality is that the landscapes changed. And, you know, Dan Kennedy,
 I working on a book right now, the working title is whoever can spend the most money
 to acquire customer wins. And it's about this whole concept, right? Like every media source,
 like radio, TV, newspapers, like everything when it first starts is super inexpensive.
 We all make a ton of money and then advertising costs go up. All the amateur marketers fall
 out of the game and just the best you left to to a left standing. And in the digital marketing
 world, that's what we're at right now. Advertising costs are going up. And if we're not careful
 only, we're not going to last. We're not going to survive. And so this year's FETL Hacking
 Live is going to be about that. We're going to be going deep on the Lynchpin framework,
 helping us understand it, but then more importantly, how to master it, how to master other pieces
 of it. You know, if you if you watch what I do, we've been executing on it flawlessly
 over and over and over since FETL Hacking Live. We did it with the Voomley business. We did
 it with, we used to do a challenge secrets last week. We did it with the Glauch ClickFunnels
 2.0. We're doing it in the Lady Boss business. We're doing it like we're about to do it in
 unfair advantage. Our supplement brand, we're about to do it in understand not me, which
 is our personality profiling brand. We're about to do it. It's just it's it's perfect. It's
 beautiful. It's flawless and it gives you the ability to outspend everybody. So I'm excited
 because if you've heard me talk about it or dabble talking about Lynchpin, like in some
 people think, Oh, cool. That's a new marketing strategy from Russell. Say, no, no, no, it's
 not a new marketing strategy. It's it's and I joke about this with my with inner circle.
 I'm like, if you've seen the Mandalorian, he puts the helmet on and he's like, this
 is the way I get to him. Like, this is the way. Like, if you guys are going to survive
 the next two or three years of digital marketing, like, this is the way it's mastering the
 Lynchpin because it makes your funnels go deeper. It gives you the ability to outspend
 everybody. It's number one. And then number two, it the number two is like you have to
 become a master of organic marketing. Like those are the two things. Yeah, keep doing
 paid marketing. The Lynchpin gives you the ability to actually pay for those ads and
 then you have to master organic. And so FHL is going to be a lot about that. So a lot
 of speakers you will see will be curated around people doing the Lynchpin or doing parts
 of the FHL so you can understand, learn, master and be able to execute on those, which is
 going to be so much fun. I'm so excited. So that's that's the big part of it. Also,
 a big re emphasis and focus on email newsletters and building a list and those kind of things.
 If you read the traffic secrets book chapter number one, I lead with there's a storm coming,
 right? Like that's literally chapter number one. And so there's a storm coming and and
 if you read the book, the whole goal of traffic secrets book was getting everybody to start
 owning their own traffic, like, like changing it from traffic you control and traffic that
 you earn to turning it traffic to you as quick as possible so that you can survive the upcoming,
 you know, things that will be coming down the pipe. So anyway, I decided for all that
 stuff. I'm excited for all that stuff. I'm like, if you're not like you have to be there,
 like do not miss it. It's going to be the most powerful, most important thing you guys
 could possibly do in your business. You know, I think there's going to be a lot of people
 who who don't show up to it, who will be out of business by the time funneling my 10 comes
 around. And I got some big plans for 10. But anyway, that's the story from the other day.
 This is all about FHL nine. And again, this will be the first time where in the past,
 it was kind of like, here's a smorgasbord of really cool marketing ideas and strategies.
 Here's some funnel types you can use next heat on. It's kind of just like a, you know,
 come kind of FHL and pick one or two ideas and use that. This one's going to be much more
 like if I was going to be selling this as a $25,000 weekend, this is where I'd be executing
 on. And that's the difference. This one would be is a lot more heavily curated to give you
 very specific results. Also one where it's like, don't spend time in the hallways, you
 know, like this year's FHL is going to be, you know, one where it's like everything like
 presentation, presentation builds on each other. And so anyway, there's, there's some
 of them, the hints and the teases. So again, if you're on your take a check, go to funnel
 hanckilay.com hopefully there by the time you're listening to this, the page will be
 live and sell the speakers. If not, just go watch the intro video. It's a, it's, it's
 called an after movie. It's the, it's the video from last year's funnel. I can, I've
 single watch that, get excited. But I'll, I'll give you guys a couple of reveals, okay?
 So a couple of things to, to note about this year's funnel. I can, I, we have announced
 our major keynote and that is Jocko. So if you were, if you read the book, extreme ownership,
 Jocko's coming to speak and I'm excited. The one negative side about Jocko coming and
 speaking is his contract. I'm not allowed to record the presentation. So the only way
 to hear Jocko speak is to be live at FHL. Even if we do replays, we can't show his presentation.
 And I've had a couple of the speakers like Tony Robbins won't allow us to do that. Marcus
 Lomonas is the same thing. It's kind of a bummer. But you know, it's another reason
 for you have to be there in, in the room. And I decided because he's speaking on day
 number one, which typically are big keynotes on the last day. But he's coming on day number
 one. So I want to set the tone initially for people understanding extreme ownership.
 And a bunch of other really cool things he's going to be bringing to the table. But that's
 the key number one. And then he's want the other big, like, so instead of having a big
 keynote at the end, I thought, what if we celebrate at the end? And one year we did
 this, we had Lindsay Sterling come and did a concert. And it was special. It was magical.
 Like it was, it was awesome. And so this year, I'm like, what if we did that again?
 Like I want to leave like, I'm like celebrating, having a party, having something really, really
 cool. And so I spent a lot of time talking about that and trying to figure out what
 would be the best thing we could give our people. And one of my friends, Brian Underwood, he's
 the founder of Provett. I was talking to him about his events. He's like, dude, he's
 like, I have something that would, that would change your community forever. Like what's
 that? And he's like, have you ever heard of the singer Andy Grammer? I'm like, Oh yeah,
 of course I have. He's one of the things, um, honey, I'm good, right? That song. And
 a whole bunch of other ones. And I remember seeing him on dancing, it starts back in
 the day, I'm like, yeah, I know him. And he's like, do you like his music? My gas music's
 great. He's like, do you know, do you understand his music? I'm like, apparently not because
 you're going deep on this thing. And he's like, dude, if you listen to the words, he's like,
 all these songs are very much like they're like, Andy wrote these songs based on like
 personal development and motivated and like, it was, they're not just like songs are written.
 And he's like, we've had Andy two or three times in our event. He's like, he'll sing,
 but then he breaks down the songs and why he wrote them and what they are and how they're
 like, meaningful. And he's like, he's like, what will happen is like, if you had Andy come and
 perform at your event, he's like, not only will be like an amazing experience, like Andy's one
 of the greatest performers ever. He's like, but like his music will become the soundtrack for
 your entire movement, for your entire community. He's like, when they understand the songs and
 how they work, he's like, they listen to them while they're building funnels, listen to them
 while they're planning their events, like, like it'll change them when they understand what the
 music actually is and how and why it's important and all this kind of stuff. And so of course,
 I'm like freaking out. So, you know, I'm like calling Andy Grammer and trying to like book this
 thing and they're like a legit, you know, he's a legit, like famous singer and band and all sorts
 of stuff. And so it was not cheap. It was not hard. It was not easy. It was not inexpensive.
 But we got Andy Grammer coming and doing a private concert for you guys the last day at FHL to end
 in celebration and hopefully to like, to give you the soundtrack for the next 12 months of your life
 as you were building funnels, as you're going through the fight and the struggle and everything.
 And I'm really excited for that. I'm pumped. In fact, I told my kids, my kids,
 I'd only do that one song. So I played that song for me. They all excited. I'm like, he's gonna
 be at FHL and you're gonna meet him. And so they're all like, so at our house right now, it's like an
 Andy Grammer soundtrack 24/7 playing in all the Alexa's everywhere. In fact, here turn your volume
 up. I'm gonna yell. Alexa, play songs by Andy Grammer. Okay. Now all your Alexa's will be playing
 Andy Grammer soundtrack for the next four or five months. FHL comes around. So anyway,
 be prepared. Listen to songs. And they say it's gonna be really, really cool and special. So,
 all right. There's the hints. I give you the beginning and the end of the funnel
 hockey live, but all the stuff in the middle, all the magic in the middle, I'm revealing tomorrow
 live on a webinar. I'm gonna be going through it all with everybody. And so I don't even know
 where to register for that. But I'm sure if you go to funnelhockeylive.com, there'll be a link to
 it or something. And then you'll be able to see all the speakers and why they're there and who
 they're there and all that kind of stuff. So that's the game plan. You guys hope that I can see
 this is funnel hockey live. I promise you, we'll not disappoint. We're gonna build out the framework
 you guys need to be successful. There's a storm coming and funnelhockeylive9 is gonna prepare you
 for the storm and give you the ability to outspend all your competitors no matter how much the ad
 costs go. And you will be one of the few standing when the storm passes and those who stand on the
 storm pass on to win. It's kind of like a force gump where all the boats go out there and they're
 all out there fighting and going through all the stuff, you know, and then everyone else brings
 the boat center in the storm and force gump and the teddy dance day out there in the storm and
 they're going crazy. And when everything dries up, all the boats destroy and theirs is the only one
 left standing. And they end up getting all the shrimp and they start public gum shrimp factory
 and they become billionaires. And that's what I'm talking about. The storm's coming and those who
 are funnelhockey live, we the ones who survive it. So that said, I appreciate you all thanks for
 hanging out. And I will see you guys all soon. Bye everybody.
