 Okay, today we're gonna talk about your first funnel challenge, which was the relaunch of ClickFunnels 2.0
 So I'm gonna walk you guys behind the scenes what it is how it worked, why we did this way and some of the results of when we launched ClickFunnels 2.0
 You're listening to marketing secrets
 With your host Russell Brunson
 Okay, so I'm gonna talk about this launch because this is one that obviously I thought about a lot for a long long time
 Right like we had been working on ClickFunnels 2.0 for two years. It's like how do we bring this into the world, right?
 Now the obvious answer is we need to use a funnel because we know that right, but which one right?
 Funnels like a tool there's so many of them right and we're good at all the tools like I'm really good at webinars
 We're really good at product launch really good at challenges really good at book phones really good at you know
 Like whatever it is like we could do them all but it's like what's the tool that's gonna be most
 useful for
 For us to launch 2.0. So that was the question right and there's so many different things so many different variables that go into this right?
 Not only like where we trying to launch a funnel to launch 2.0. It's like we're still trying to build 2.0
 Which you know, we're still
 You know, we're eight years into 1.0 and you're still fixing things and tweaking things and stuff
 And so 2.0 is like this massive undertaking which is you know the software is
 10x what ClickFunnels 1.0 is right like in 2.0 is like you scroll down you find the funnels tab and it's like oh
 Here's funnels and that's the one thing that it does which is all ClickFunnels 1.0
 But 2.0 does everything else says websites and shopping carts and stores and blogs and
 A billion other things right like I can't think of top of my head like it does all the different things right
 And so we're trying to get all these things done as quick as we can to be able to launch but as we're launching it like
 If you've launched anything and this this is true like info products, but even more so softwares like as you get closer and closer to launch date
 There's things like this isn't gonna be done. This is gonna be done to make these
 These decisions like we're not gonna do this. We're not gonna do this like whatever those things might be right and so
 Just knowing as we're going through this there's these two things we're juggling
 It's just like we have this product we'll be working on for the next two decades of our life
 That you know, it's always gonna be working in progress
 But you know at some point it needs to go live at some point we have to launch it and like when is that and how do we get where it's good enough that
 People can start coming in and then you know
 It's also the same things like when you test something yourself a million different times as soon as you get
 You know and I'll show you the stats and numbers
 But you know 16,932 people to sign up in a week for it
 They're gonna find a lot more bugs that we couldn't find on our own right and so it's like and then how do you handle that?
 And so there's a lot behind this and so I want to tell you guys
 It's kind of lift the curtain and share everything because it was it was a fun process. It was stressful as anxiety
 It was amazing. It was all the things and so hopefully you guys will enjoy this episode to kind of dive into them
 So it all started with realizing the type of funnel we wanted to use for the launch 2.0 was a challenge funnel, right?
 obviously
 Lashes funnel I can like Pedro came and spoke about challenge funnels, which was amazing
 And then so many of Pedro students
 You know, are in our coaching programs now because they use challenge funnels
 They blew up their business and then they're like looking for what's the next step, right?
 So they want to learn other funnels and other stuff
 And so in fact one of them one of them joined our atlas group
 Which is a $250,000 a year group to be in and they basically launched a challenge funnel and they did it like I hear 18 times
 And yeah, they're making insane amounts of money
 Marketago income claims, but enough that they were able to pay to be in the $250,000
 Group and so it keeps seeing like these people killing with challenges
 We've done a couple of little challenges and never one that was like really big scale before a couple months prior to our launch
 Dean Grazio seen 20 Robbins did their big challenge and so
 We participate in that we were one of the top five affiliates again
 Like I think every year they've ever done it for a lot of reasons one, you know, you make good money
 Number two you get a little hangout Tony Robbins either in Fiji or Florida or
 There's a little and you know, and I love Tony. I love Dean
 I just want to help support them
 But also I wanted to be able to see
 At a deep level behind the scenes of what they did and why they did it so I can understand it
 I knew that we were going to use in a similar model to launch click funnels 2.0
 And so
 That was the decision which we're going to do we're going to do a challenge funnel
 so the next question like what's the hook going to be and um
 This this one this was a painful one for me because it shifted a lot initially. We're like
 What's the big premise of click phones?
 Like the fact that you can bootstrap a company you don't need
 VC money and things like that, right?
 Like this year if I'm like and I we did the bootstrapped entrepreneur of the year award, right?
 Like I bought bootstrap.com and writing a book called bootstrapped to tell a click funnel story like
 I just knew like that was the hook like bootstrap. That's going to be the hook that we're going to use, right?
 And as we start talking about though, we realize that most
 Small entrepreneurs like new entrepreneurs coming to the world. They don't really
 relate to bootstrapping the way that traditional people are, right?
 Someone who reads one of my books and are like, I gotta go raise venture capital money, right?
 That's not what they look at bootstrapping is and I was like, what do they like thinking about bootstrapping?
 What does it the a small entrepreneur coming into our world think about?
 I was like, well the thing they think about is shark tank, right?
 That's closer what they think like, oh, if I get a good idea, go on shark tank and pitch and get some money to fund this business, right?
 Like that's
 Probably a closer analogy than like I'm gonna go to
 San Francisco, we're gonna pitch the top five VC firms and we're gonna try to get cash, right?
 That happens when it's so foreign from like
 The world that we serve as a whole and so I was like, okay bootstrapping
 But like the shark tank angle is the most interesting
 Now most of the sharks actually use click funnels for some of their businesses
 And so we have good relationships with a bunch of them
 But there's one specifically who is like probably one of the biggest proponents of click funnels and that's Damon john
 And um, I've talked to it's funny me and Damon has spoken at different events
 In fact it 10x in vegas where we set the world record for most sales ever from stage
 I spoke and then I sat in the out in the um
 The hallway taking pictures of people for like three hours afterwards
 I feel bad because Damon spoke afterwards and like most of the people were in the in the hallway
 Like getting pictures with me because they bought our packet and missed his presentation
 But we both spoke there, but we didn't see each other and we spoke somewhere else
 We didn't like we we crossed paths but we never actually met and so
 But we talked on social a couple times and so I thought man
 He'd be a really cool person to have and one of the guys on his team told us
 They said like when we do shark tank deals if the product we're buying if it makes sense to do with
 Uh in click funnels we we built in click funnels launched over there
 And um, and so I thought of this really funny hook
 I was like what if the hook was basically that like
 This this shark right Damon john who's you know, he's like the the vision of like what bootstrapping looks like on small entrepreneurs
 Like i'm gonna come to to a shark he's gonna be money. We're gonna launch this company together, right?
 What if Damon you came to David like hey, will you we you find my company?
 You know like when you invest in my company of dames like we got two options
 Number one like I can invest in your company
 But i'm just gonna go open a clip phones account and launch it and take half your company
 Or you could just open a clip funnels account and launch it yourself, right?
 And so I was kind of premise my message i'm like, hey
 I had this idea for a hook that'd be kind of funny
 Would you be interested in doing this or just kind of out of bounds like, you know, I was it was like kind of embarrassing
 I was nervous just to ask him anyway, but I asked him
 Um, I kind of pitched him on the hook and you're all back. He's like access pretty cool
 Uh, hit my head my met my manager and let's figure it out. So I was like, oh my gosh
 He's cool with it like this is so cool
 And so that began and so initially was me called the bootstrap challenge and we're gonna talk about a bootstrap your company
 Um, but you bootstrap it instead of bootstrapping with the shark you bootstrap with the funnel
 And that was kind of the whole the initial hook, right?
 And so we started moving forward towards that we wrote scripts towards that we had
 Damon on calls when we mapped out what we're gonna do what the scripts are gonna be and how you know
 And he was bought off on everything the point where it's like scripts were locked
 Everything was good and then we're supposed to go film fly down and film
 All the videos with him and then fast forward to my mastermind
 So I'm with my category kings, uh, which is one of the groups my inner circle where at pirates cove
 So we guys know, uh berry bomb gardener. She's the one who runs uh fun hacking live runs our virtual runs our events
 She runs events for most people for tony robins for everybody right and she was kind of behind the scenes
 Running tony deans launch and one thing she said was interesting as we were talking day number one of pirates cove
 She was like before tony dean launched their thing they tested like 10 different titles
 Through ads and she said, um, the titles that outconverted were the titles are like an action
 So if you look at tony's that's like
 Uh, what are some examples? He is like own your future challenge like it's it's like an action word like you're gonna own your future, right?
 Or
 Yeah, whatever they are right if you notice any deans or tonies are always based on something like that
 And it's they tested a bunch and that was what worked the best was something like own your future
 And so I was like ours ours is the bootstrapped bootstrap challenge
 Which is like a like more like a noun, right?
 It's like, oh, it's just the thing and I was like we have to we have to come a different name
 I couldn't think what it was and I sat there for three years apart
 It's called stressing out about this because I knew like if I make this change
 Everyone's gonna kill me especially Dan who's sitting right there because he's like I wrote the scripts with everything locked like I have a plan like
 I was like, but we have to change it and it was also confusing because we're going from the bootstrap challenge then that the
 The mifki on the thank you page, uh, what's your first funnel?
 Kit right which gets people access click funnels and all kit
 I was like there's this weird disconnect of like bootstrapped and then your first funnel challenge like quick force to put like these weird branding things
 I was just like I was stressing out about it
 and towards the end of that week I was like
 I think for this to work. We have to change it to
 And I thought was like it's almost so simple. It's like your first funnel challenge
 Right own your future challenge your first funnel challenge like it's action. It's something that are working towards right
 Bootstrapping out working towards it's just a thing versus your first funnel
 Something you're working towards only get my first funnel done right
 And then what's cool is like then I was like the mifki is your first funnel challenge box
 And so it's like there's congruency between the landing page message and hook hook story offer
 And then the thank you page hook story offer and so I kind of called audible
 Somebody who wanted to kill me, uh, but we did it and we made that shift and then we went back to dame and john
 Right. Hey, we're still doing the bootstrap but kind of
 Bootstrapped like the secondary message like your first funnel challenge like you could bootstrap
 It became like the still the same message but kind of like we had to like
 Shift it a little bit to make it fit into this new kind of framework that we were doing
 On top of that we'd also asked all the speakers a lot of speakers to speak based on this whole bootstrap thing
 So I'd go back to all the speakers like hey
 Everybody talked about we're shifting it all and the days you're still speaking you're moving and some speakers like
 What you were gonna say no longer fits. I'm so sorry. We're gonna pull you out and it was just kind of a
 Oh, there's a lot of stress and anxiety about it. I feel like this is like the thing that we have to do to actually be
 For this to be successful. That's what we have to do the shifts we have to make and so that's kind of what happened and so
 um
 We made those decisions and it was off the races like we got back in parts cove and then it was like a week later
 We're jumping in a plane. We're flying to la to go film a dame and john
 Which by the way, i'm introverted and shy and awkward and i was so scared to meet him and he is like
 I mean come on like he's dame and john. He's way cooler than me or you combine like he is like one of the coolest people all time, right?
 and so like
 We get to like the we ran like one of the big sound step stage warehouses with green screens and white screens and all sorts of stuff
 We only scripts and teleprompters and all this stuff and like i'm nervous anyway
 And I get there before he got there
 So like you know seeing things everything and we're just waiting for him to show up and waiting and we're waiting and all something like
 Damon's in building and like oh man
 And so first time i've ever been a person so went over there and it was just like
 I don't know i'm always awkward especially like first time meeting people and anyway
 I was true to form very awkward. Um, we met and um he's like what we doing today i'm like well
 You've seen the scripts right like we're doing that. He's like, oh, yeah, yeah, whatever and he was just
 He was really cool. He was fun to work with and he was
 You can tell he does stuff like this often because it wasn't like
 He didn't have scripts memorized but he's like, um, it's a teleprompter. I'm gonna do it and so
 We got out there. I got him all dressed up went out there and uh a whole bunch of the first ones are just him to camera, right?
 So we had lines and scripts and he's reading him and doing these things and was just kind of fun watching him and
 Uh, but in the back of the mind, I was stressing out sitting back
 So I was like, I know that me and him a whole bunch of ads were filming together and some of the ads
 I don't know if we've gotten completely approved through him and I was like what if he doesn't
 Like what if he doesn't want to say him? Dan and written these scripts somewhere like so funny, but it's just like also like
 You know, he's making fun of himself and these things and like
 Is he gonna be okay with that? Is he gonna you know and so he filmed all the ones he did first
 And then it was like you now me and him have to go out there and the other thing that stressed me out
 It's like dame and john is like he's dame and john
 He's like the founder of food like one of the best stress best stress people in the world like i might teach your jeans guy
 Who dresses once a year for fun hacking live?
 And so i'm like i have to dress to match him or to like kind of be like, oh, I don't want to look like
 So i'm trying to like dress where i'm not in a student tie, but i'm like the cool like internet nerd version of that and like
 It was so stressful. We're shopping and buying all sorts of stuff and anyway
 So got all dressed up and then it was meeting him on on camera together and we're doing him in the first like
 Anyway, it was it was really hard for me. I really struggled through that because i'm trying to like deliver a line
 But then he's sitting right next to me and it's like
 Anyway, it was it was hard, but um we did it and came back and forth and
 Eventually, we got all the lines in and all the scripts done and there's like this one that
 Right. Hey, we have another script we wrote just want to see if you're okay with it
 So it put possible to tell prompter and dame and dreedy. He's like he's like, oh
 Seriously, you guys are gonna like all right whatever. Let's do it and we're like
 And like
 Anyway, we're so excited. I was like so stressed like he's gonna hate me when this is all over
 So we feel that one as well
 And uh and from that we got all these amazing ads for the registration page for the ads for the retargeting ads for like all the stuff around
 This challenge with dame and by himself me and damein together. Um, so the ads are hilarious if you haven't seen them in fact
 Let's queue up what are two of the funny ads with
 um
 Damon because the whole joke was just like
 You know, they can invest in they give my dew or they can build a funnel and so he played along it had so much fun
 So here's a couple of the ads to show you guys
 Um the fun we had of this
 Funnels are they a website?
 Oh, I'll be a strategy. Are you tensile or delicious?
 be
 fried
 Piece of cake or is it a software that can change your life and business forever?
 Let's talk about it
 Hello, damein the people shark. My name's Russell Brunson and i'm here today seeking no money
 Really, but I'd love for you to be in a commercial commercial for what for the your first funnel challenge
 It's a free five-day challenge teach people how to launch a business without needing investors like banks or family members or
 Me
 So
 Why don't you let me invest no 5% nope 6% that's my final offer. No. Oh, you want to play policy?
 Mommy, how about 8% what take one marker?
 It's not for the first fun way challenge today and learn how to launch your business without any investors
 Do you supposed to go down at equity not a whatever 9%
 Listen you want to learn how to build a business without my money or the banks or your parents? I'm talking about anyone's money
 How about when no money works, whoever?
 No
 All right, keep rolling. Bye
 All right, those ads are pretty great, right?
 It's so much fun
 And then the end of it is basically um, we wanted damein to present at the challenge
 But again with timing, it's always just difficult
 So we decided to film his his session of the challenges and interview while we were there
 So set some couches got all the the lights perfect and then I had a chance to actually interview him there
 At the end of that crazy day and the whole thing was it was just one of those things where it's like your nerves are high
 Anxiety stressful you're moving a million miles a minute. We have a lot of fun
 You mean like someone you looked up to for your whole life and like just all the things all the anxiety by the time it was done
 I was just wrecked. I'm so tired just like
 And as fast as it all started he was gone and he took off and he was on to the next damein
 John thing he knows what he was doing and that was kind of the end of it and it was um, it was amazing
 So that was
 The filming session of getting all this the stuff for that
 And then we had a fast forward back and Dan and his team's editing all the videos as fast
 They could because we're like a week away from the challenge now for the launching of it
 And then we're coordinating with the speakers and like the the curriculum and honestly like it was tough
 Because even like what I was going to teach kept changing and shifting and changing and shifting if you've studied
 Expert secrets book or the perfect webinar any of the things that
 Like the way that I teach right the way I structure things
 You'll see it in everything I do right you see it in the webinars we do obviously you see it from ff funnel hacking live
 You see an our target email sequences that everything follows the same sales
 Process and principle right like
 The the the perfect webinar in nutshell is like there's a big domino
 Right there's an origin story about how you discover the big domino and there's three secrets
 Each one is is tackling the false beliefs. It's holding back from success
 The first is belief about the vehicle that you're trying to get them into the opportunity number two is
 Internal false beliefs and the external false beliefs and you transition to the stack in the clothes like there's
 Perfect webinar in nutshell, right?
 And again, I can do a three-day event on that or you can read the book or whatever
 But that's kind of what it is and so if you look at the way the challenge framework looks people are like oh, how do you run a challenge?
 Like it's the same selling structure right day number one is all about introducing the opportunity the origin story
 how you how you found this opportunity day number two is
 Teaching the framework about that telling the stories that prove that this opportunity is the best opportunity for them
 the next day number one to day number three is
 Is the internal false beliefs?
 Then before external false beliefs and the stack in the clothes and then your your repitch
 So it's it's the same framework just plugged in over over five days
 And so I knew like where I need to go but I couldn't figure things out
 I knew what the we knew what the offer was gonna be we knew the re-pitch was gonna be but it's like how do we structure
 Day one two and three actually said on day number one is or just story in secret number one basically
 Day number two is internal external stack in the clothes and the re-pitch. So that's the five days
 Anyway, so like it kept shifting and changing shifting and changing and even the week before the launch
 I think on Wednesday or Thursday before the training started like I was shifting it again and like moving where the speakers were at
 I was like
 Luckily for me a lot of speakers are coming from multiple days. So I was able to move them around and didn't have any issues
 But when all of a sudden we had it mapped out where it's like it was it was perfect
 Right people coming in we're helping build the very first funnel get it done and launched in live
 Break the faults, please know why they couldn't do it give them believe some why they could do it and how they could be successful
 Make them a very special offer and that was kind of the the structure of the the actual challenge
 and so
 After finally
 Hard coding and hard coding in this week is getting it all done traffic was going launches were going
 We started getting a lot of leads and so I'm going to go through just a couple of numbers real quick
 Just on the front end
 So from the promotion
 We had
 221,000
 101 people registered for the challenge during the promotional thing, which is amazing
 Now on the thank you page, um if you've been setting the linchpin with me, uh, I taught this a fun making live
 I'm teaching a lot. Um
 If not go and go in google Russell Brunson's linchpin model
 I'm sure there's a video or training somewhere about it, but the linchpin works on the thank you page
 You have a myth key offer that pushes people in the continuity
 So we had 16,932 people who signed up for click photos 2.0 on the thank you page
 Which is pretty amazing and so that's kind of step in one before the event ever happened, right?
 So two
 221,000 101 opt-ins and 16,000, 930 people took the VIP upgrades
 Um, and then what happens is then everyone gets in there data more happens and uh, we do the training and uh
 It when the training went went awesome
 And then we had two guest speakers who spoke afterwards and at the end of that
 Um, we made a pitch for people who weren't VIP because basically hey if you're VIP member first
 I've got click phones trial for 30 days for free number two you get to be on these live zoom calls with speakers
 And so we did a pitch right then right after uh after day number one training
 And I think from there I can't remember the exact numbers was like another
 Thousand two thousand people so went and signed up for VIP and got click phones trials at the end of day number one because they wanted to be in the vip
 Training happening afterwards, which was amazing. And so the VIP trainings are people who upgraded so we did VIP training in the day number two
 um and the biggest
 The biggest headache we had was honestly
 It's having almost 17,000 people join click funnels 2.0 in one day, you know in a couple of days
 And then day number one giving them all homework assignment and all 17,000 people logging in the click funnels and doing that homework
 And we had all sorts of issues with the software crash and the templates not working in the themes and like
 Oh, I still have nightmares about that night. I went to bed that night like just in tears
 I wanted to cancel the entire event like cancel everything like cancel 2.0
 Russell's gonna run away and just be done because it was just like it was tough and in the facebook group
 It turned into this negative thing like I'm logged in and it's crashing. I can't get my my login and done it
 I think everything out and it was just like
 It was all encompassing where the end I couldn't sleep that entire night and the day number two
 I was sick to my stomach all day and I decided on day number two like I needed to reframe this because like we're losing the audience
 We're losing everybody everyone's like upset and frustrated. I might think like they have a third-day trial
 They're gonna be upset doesn't work for making cancel like like just give us like we're doing these things right like come in here
 Like we're building the stuff together like worst-case scenario like it's not costing you anything
 It's just we're trying to get you to do this right? This whole chicken the a thing like
 Perfect this offer before we give it to them or give it to them be wall
 It's being perfected like if you wait till it's perfect and never be live right
 We never launched click phones 1.0 for waiting for it to be perfect
 Because it's still not perfect this day, right? It's like there's there's this thing and so
 Like give me to everybody
 We started finding out what mistakes were very very quickly and so
 All my long like I was in the Facebook group
 I think for five or six hours like responding questions getting things sending them to the dev team and like going back and forth and back and forth and back and forth
 Like I didn't sleep that whole night
 Next morning. I was struggling. I got in there. I said I have to take control of the of the audience
 We got 221,000 people and it's just chaos right now, right?
 And so if you look at my presentation on day two if you watch a replay of it, whatever
 Day number two
 I started by changing people's attitudes and I and shifting from like
 All of a sudden I'm working to like you guys like you're not stressed
 Like you're worried about the wrong things. I'm like
 Um, and I did a big reframe that went really really well
 Um, and then I did the teaching for day number two
 And it was crazy in my two guest speaker today too or Garrett white and Annie grace and and Annie went first and she gave an amazing presentation
 But she also kind of like reshifted people's perception
 uh, I'm hoping to understand like
 Like how big this this mission is of what each person individually is called to do like
 And like focusing on that and it was amazing the Garrett came and this, you know, Garrett just yells a lot and
 He did a good job though. I kind of did not drop a single f bomb the entire time which was amazing
 But he also had people like take count of who they like yes
 Software is being worked on things are like we're fixing bugs as fast as possible
 But quit trying to figure out ways to like to prove this wrong like take ownership
 Like this is your life. This is your future like get in there and like just do the things and like
 You know if it doesn't work right out. It's okay. Like just keep working on it's gonna
 Like we're here for you, right?
 And by day number two it shifted like the tone in the facebook group went paused by everyone's excited everyone's like
 It just it shifted everything in a powerful
 Fastening and from that point forward the rest of the event was amazing. Day number three training went great
 Day number four the sack in the clothes the guest speakers were perfectly like everything was perfect
 Day number five
 We did the logical re pitch and then there we had a chance to watch the actual interview with dame and john
 And that was the the first five days of the challenge
 And what's crazy behind seeing these people that knows that as soon as the challenge got done every single day
 We brought in a whole bunch of amazing guest speakers because we were trying to film something that still hasn't launched yet
 That's maybe a story from the day
 But I brought in like jeff walker and tod brown and perry belcher and uh dan henry and all these amazing people
 And when the challenge got done we filmed these videos that i'm teaching their best funnel
 Um and the the plan was as soon as the launch was done is to send people these videos like here's jeff walker teaches a product launch funnel
 And then like giving them uh share funnel of the product launch funnel exact same with it jeff tod it
 And unlocking it for free for people and then here's dan henry teaching his uh memberships
 I funnel and here's gabe shillinger teaching his viral challenge model like teaching each these different funnel types and giving people the things and again
 As the recording of this will still have gone live which is killing me but um that was also happening during the challenge
 They should have challenged that they happening that happening and then I literally had a run by kids wrestling practice right after that
 It was just so much chaos and then
 Then the week we had all these all affiliates fly in for uh things we have like
 40-50 fillets flying in the office which is so much chaos and after fighting a challenge done we decided to do this bonus
 live event day which was kind of crazy um where
 Jenna kuchar was going to speak and grant cardone was going to speak and miron gold and in like all these like huge speakers were flying
 In for this last day. It was almost like having a mini fhl
 At the end of the thing like it was like the most chaotic stressful
 tiring
 Emotional roller coaster week of my entire life in fact, I still remember like
 Friday night leaving the office like 11th 30th night
 I'm driving home and I'm messaging to like make sure grants going to be here in the morning like so messaging grants business part like hey
 Grant's coming here tomorrow, right? He's like yeah, um, he's like uh grant doesn't want to give a presentation you want you to interview him like
 No, dude. He had like I was like no, you understand like he has to a presentation like we had
 It just anyway, it threw a whole wrench like anyway, I won't go through all the emotions
 But I was so stressed. I'm like I thought you had a presentation on a certain topic and I was coming without a presentation
 I'm like this could go anywhere. I know what grants gonna say. I love grant, but
 You have no idea what grants gonna say right and it's just like
 So much chaos. And so anyway next day starts
 I kick it off. Jenna comes in and Jenna. I mean she's amazing. She does her stuff
 It's amazing grant comes in the backstage and and we're outside before he gets on to ask a couple questions and then
 He's like hey, you're interviewing me. So I jump on stage and bring him in which I interview him and
 It was crazy like I've always liked grant card on. I love grant card on like he stepped up and delivered for us in a way that was made his presentation was
 It was powerful. It was funny. It was hilarious. He we've been clicked funnels
 He said the word clicked on was like 4,000 times
 He told the story about how when he was on undercover billionaire
 They're like they give him basically a hundred dollars and he said to them dollars put a bank and first thing it is
 I went and got click phones account like like just
 All these amazing things he did anyway, it was amazing and then every other speaker mire and spoke
 It was that day was amazing. We did a re-pitch at the end sold a whole bunch more people into it
 And um, it was crazy. It was amazing. It was so tiring that night. I've been relaying in bed
 I was like I cannot believe we did this and put in perspective
 We had fun fun liking live was like two weeks earlier. So this is kind of we did fun liking live
 Had a week where we did a two-day linchpin event for my inner circle members and then we had to launch week the next week
 So
 It was a month of insane chaos and it was kind of one of the last
 Wasn't the last the way it was four days of inner circles next week, but it was almost it was almost the last
 It was the last like big stressful huge thing
 Again total numbers from this whole thing
 210,000 people registered for the challenge 16,000 people snare for 16,000
 930 people signed up for click phones trials
 We pushed people to a certification offer. We had a big uptake on the certification offer
 Um, if you again extended the linchpin model, you know at the end of the challenge you make
 Um, uh, an offer for bulk version of your subscription
 So we sold a six month account of click phones 2.0
 And here's the stats after the entire challenge was over people that bought that offer
 We had 3,896 people bought that full price offer which gave them click funnels
 36 people paid in full to become certified funnel builders and
 436 people paid for the funnel bill certification
 Plan over a payment plan, which is all the often happen at the end of the challenge
 Which is which is pretty awesome and uh, and it keeps going from there
 Now obviously the desk to settle a little bit, um, I look at the stats
 yesterday to kind of get an update and of the
 You know the 16 17,000 people who joined click funnels 2.0 during that time
 Obviously there's going to be attrition and cancellations and churn all those kind of things
 But even right now we have over 10,000 people that came in during that segment during the challenge
 Who are still active click funnels 2.0 members, uh, which is amazing
 It's what we did year number one of click funnels, uh the entire year
 We were able to to do that in in a week
 Um, which is a cool way to kind of kick off the click funnels 2.0
 And we have so many updates over the syram and syram and syram and all the things we're doing because I know a lot of you
 As curious what are all things you doing to grow your sass company?
 Um, but the big the big beginning part was this it was kind of like the launch pad to get it into the world
 Um, you know, it's been fun because the dev team is is all the issues and bugs been coming in them and smashing
 I'm getting them rid out of new features getting things since like the clouford's getting better and better and better every single day
 Which has been fun more more people coming in
 Um, we have the new uh sales page new sales video should do a whole not episode talking about that
 Uh, as we discussed the difference between branding versus direct response in which one's better
 We all know which one's better, but we'll discuss that in a future episode
 But it's been fun. It's been a lot of stress a lot of headaches a lot of work
 Um, but it's also like the fruits of now it's done
 You know, we were talking about building click funstoopa no for two years. We worked on the launch for six months
 Um, we did the launch over a six six seven day period of time
 Uh, and now it's a month or two later. It's like, oh it worked like it's out there in the world like our vision our dream is now
 Um being used by by tens of thousands of people around the world
 It's in key to grow every single day. So um, that's some of the stories behind the your first funnel challenge launch
 Uh, have we got click funnels back out click funstoopa no into orbit and um, hope you guys enjoyed this episode
 If you did let me know in the comments down below we'll keep sharing more cool stuff behind the scenes and how we're doing all the stuff
 Right. You've probably noticed the the change format in the marketing secret show
 We're doing less of me talking about marketing principles and more just kind of showing like here's the practical application of all of
 So if we're talking about happening in all the different business to be on i hope you're enjoying if you are let us know
 Um, go if you're watching the listening podcast go rate and review let me know your thoughts on a new show of format
 Um, if you're watching on youtube, uh, let us know in the comments down below and also make sure that you subscribe and try on notifications
 That way when the next video comes out, uh, you get it in your feed as soon as it comes out
 Thank you guys again so much for listening hope you enjoyed this episode. We'll see you on the next episode of the marketing secret show
 (gentle music)
