 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 Hey, what's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast slash YouTube video slash.
 I have no idea where our team's going to use this, but I want to talk about this today.
 And I think it'll be fun and hopefully you guys will learn something about it.
 But this is kind of multi-faceted.
 And if you're watching the video version, you can see in front of me,
 I've got this really cool old book set that I am kind of freaking out about.
 It's called Brainology and it was written in, let me see if I can pull this out here.
 There's actually a 14 book set.
 Those who are watching the video, here's the cover.
 It's going to be blurry or not.
 There it is.
 Brainology, it's a little mini book.
 It's written by at least Lincoln Benedict for the School of Opportunity.
 What?
 And it was written in 1925.
 And so this is a little book here.
 And maybe you want to be Russell, why are you so excited about this little tiny book,
 which is a book set and all books for that matter.
 Those who follow me everywhere are probably like, man, I don't know about you, but this
 Russell guy keeps buying all these old books and he's freaking out about it.
 He's building this huge library slash museum and a whole bunch of other things.
 And so I want to step back and just kind of tell you guys why.
 I think a lot of people have beliefs on what I'm doing and why I'm doing it, but I'm going
 to kind of shed the curtain back a little bit more just because this is fun for me.
 And I have a grand vision of where I'm going in the next, man, three, slash 10 years.
 I know exactly where I'm going.
 I know I'm creating.
 I know what's happening.
 And then because I'm so excited, in fact, Steve Larson's here last week and he's like,
 man, I can tell there's like different energy in your side about something.
 I was like, because I have a vision.
 I know what I'm creating and I'm going and I'm so excited for it.
 And there's always the people that I serve are entrepreneurs.
 So everything I'm creating is for you guys.
 And I think it's something that will dramatically change your life and lives of your customers,
 the people you're been called to serve.
 And that's why I'm so passionate about it.
 So what does that do with these old, old, old books?
 Well, first off, I'm going to tell you guys the story of the treasure hunt of how I actually
 got this book set called Brainology.
 So I'm telling you how far back I want to go.
 I've been collecting a whole bunch of old books, as you guys know, but the era, like
 the period of time that I'm actually fascinated in is between about 1850 and 1950.
 That's the sweet spot.
 And I'm going to tell you guys the story of the time of the world history that fascinates
 me the most.
 It's interesting.
 Ryan Holliday is one of my favorite authors.
 He spoke at Funnhacking Live a couple of years ago.
 And he looked at what Ryan's done.
 He wrote a whole bunch of marketing books before.
 And then he kind of geeked out on this era, which was a stoic era, right?
 With stoicism and all the Roman emperors and all the people who kind of brought the stoic
 philosophy into light, right?
 And Ryan's kind of taking that decade or so when stoicism was this thing and he's blown
 it up into now, you know, five or six books, a podcast, a YouTube channel, like all these
 kind of things.
 And it's been so much fun watching him.
 Like that era, the stoic era is fascinating.
 I love it.
 But for me, the era of time that's most fascinating is about 1850 to 1950.
 And that era of time was known as the new thought movement.
 It was the first time that people really started coming back and talking about the fact that
 you could think and you could change your life, right?
 Think and grow rich, think and change, think and, you know, like, like it was the new thought
 movement.
 And it was the first time that people were able to keep everything, right?
 And in fact, the first person, and there's different, depending on the timeline, different
 times that first started and first authors.
 But anyway, there are a whole bunch of these old authors.
 I think Samuel Smiles was one of the very first people that wrote a personal development
 book.
 In fact, it was called Self Help.
 I wrote it about the 1850s and that kind of sparked this movement.
 And there's other amazing writers about the same time and these writers start talking
 about the new thought.
 And then this new thought movement kind of bumped into Christianity and people were like,
 "Oh, this coexist."
 And from that, there were a whole bunch of other authors and speakers and people that
 came out and I'm just been fascinated by that era.
 Like 1850 to 1950 when all of this stuff was new and exciting and people were learning
 about how our minds were working, the subconscious mind and how it relates to God and like all
 these, it's just fascinating to watch these people as they're discovering it.
 And so as I started going into it, the first author obviously I got obsessed with this
 Napoleon Hill.
 He's still my favorite.
 Like I love that dude.
 I love studying him and learning about him in his life and his teachings and like all
 these kind of things.
 And one of my favorite things actually, I just finished reading his biography, you know,
 is that he didn't just have success throughout the game.
 He had all sorts of ups and downs, up and downs for his entire life.
 He was one of those whole first philosophy on success.
 He was obsessed with the success.
 Yet he struggled so much in his own personal life until the end of his life when he started
 when he really got all the pieces together and started actually having success.
 And so, you know, it's funny because a lot of times we want to study people who were
 flawless and there's only been one flawless person ever.
 And that was Christ.
 We're studying him in his life because of that.
 But most of the rest of us, we're trying to figure this stuff out and we are messing
 up along the way.
 And the mistakes is how we actually learn the philosophy, how we learn the lessons.
 And so I respect Napoleon Hill.
 I had people like, oh, you've seen all the anti Napoleon Hill stuff online.
 I'm like, there's anti everything good.
 There's anti Christ things, anti Mormon things, anti everything.
 Like everything I believe in, there's the opposite that people are out there.
 And I choose to believe the things that they bring in more faith and hope and happiness
 and like and light in my life.
 And so I respect Napoleon Hill.
 He's my favorite authors.
 There's a whole bunch of other amazing authors that came up during this period of time.
 And there were only a few actually female writers.
 It was a lot more rare back then than nowadays.
 And one of my favorites is this woman here, at least Lincoln Benedict.
 And I have a whole bunch of her books.
 She's got a book set.
 It looks just like this little mini one.
 Those who can see the videos, like the little mini book says, "Braneology on."
 There's a picture of this like angel knocking on a front door and it's cool.
 And the book's like probably three inches by five inches, little mini thing.
 And it's part of a book set of fourteen books called "Braneology."
 Which first off, is that the coolest name ever?
 Come on now, "Braneology."
 And I've assured another book set called, I'm going to blank out the name right now.
 It's like, "How to have everything you want in life."
 Or "How to get anything you want in life."
 Or something like that.
 And there's another book set, little mini books like this, I think, six books.
 And what happens, I started learning about her and started reading about her life and
 everything.
 And she had this school of opportunity and what she was doing, how she was like going
 around the country, giving me seminars and teaching stuff.
 And that's when I found that first little mini book set on Ebay.
 And I found it and I was like, "Oh, and I bought it and it's amazing."
 And then, man, probably six months later in Ebay, I found one copy of "Braneology."
 And I was like, "Wait, that's like the same author, same book, same mini book and everything."
 So I bought it, got shipped to me.
 And then what I found was like volume one of, it was like volume three or something, something.
 All I knew was that it wasn't a standalone book, it's part of a book set.
 Which then started me on this thing like, "Well, I need, I want the book set."
 And as you can see right here, those who watch the video, I have, I got one, I found one,
 which is exciting.
 But it's crazy because I started looking for this book set.
 And as I started searching, it was like finding very, very treasure.
 Like, they think there were two references to it on all of Google.
 And one of them was somebody who on Etsy had sold one like five or six years ago and was
 missing like half of the volumes.
 They had like six or seven of them.
 And they sold Etsy for like 60 bucks or something.
 And there's a picture of them and I was like, "Okay, now I know those books.
 I don't know how many books are in it, but I know there's a book set."
 And so I contact person Etsy, I was like, "Hey, five years ago you sold a book set."
 Do you know who sold it or I was like, I was like, "I will pay you $5,000.
 Tell me who sold it to so I can contact that person and see if I can buy the books from
 them."
 And the person on Etsy first out there responded back, which is pretty cool because they could
 have thought I was just a crazy person.
 But they responded back to that, "I'm not willing to contact the buyer."
 And I was like, "Seriously?
 Five G's.
 You sold it for 50 bucks.
 Like, this is a good deal."
 Anyway, I said, "No."
 I actually asked not sure.
 I told him I had paid you up to $5,000 for the book set.
 I was like, if you will contact them and see if you can buy it back, I'll give you whatever
 the difference is in that thing.
 And the person said, "No."
 So then I was like, "Dang it."
 So I started looking again, started looking on eBay.
 Obviously, the only thing I found on eBay was the one copy they already had.
 I started, there was this someone who had sold it on eBay a couple of years ago and
 there's a reference online somewhere of someone selling it.
 And there's a picture of it and I can see the full book set.
 But that was it.
 There's no other reference.
 I started searching everywhere.
 And there's no, like most books, you can find stuff from it.
 People talking about it or writings of it or transcriptions of it or like, but this book
 it was like nowhere.
 I think there was two references on all of Google for this book.
 So I kept searching and looking and going to all the old bookstores online.
 I was contacting people I knew who I bought books from the past.
 Like, have you ever seen this book?
 Have you ever found it?
 Anyway, I'm starting this treasure hunt.
 It was so much fun.
 And I'm searching everywhere for this book.
 And then finally I go to Instagram and I typed in the book title and nothing shows up.
 And then I typed in the author's name and I look through accounts.
 So if you're everything, finally I'm going to Instagram and look at images.
 I start scrolling down and like seven years ago somebody posted on Instagram that they
 they have this copy right here.
 And it was a bookstore over in Europe in London.
 And they posted that like, look at this little gem we found, blah, blah, blah, whatever.
 I saw it and I was like, seven years ago.
 Do you think they still have it?
 So it was, you know, it was a used bookstore.
 So I went to another website and go through all the catalogs, everything, no trace of it.
 I'm like, God, they sold to somebody sitting on somebody's shelf.
 They don't even know how cool it is.
 And but I messaged them on Instagram.
 I was like, Hey, do you happen to love this book set?
 Like, I am a huge fan.
 She's one of my favorite female authors of all time.
 I'm searching everywhere.
 Like, do you still have the book set?
 And I went to bed that night, woke up in the morning to a response and they said, yes,
 we still have it.
 I was like, Oh my gosh, I'm freaking out.
 So I messaged it back.
 I was like, cool.
 I want it.
 Like, let me know like, like all the details, whatever I give my, my contact information.
 And then, uh, you know, my morning routine, I'm up working out, took my aid and my son
 aid and I was driving to school and I started telling aid about this treasure hunt and I
 was going on to find this book until the stories and how I contact this person now.
 I've searched everywhere.
 And finally I told him I found someone actually has the entire full book set.
 Like, this is like finding buried treasure.
 I'm so excited.
 And I asked Aidan, I'm like, how much think, how much think I should spend on it?
 And he was like, you know, he's like, then he asked me like, well, how much do you think
 it's worth?
 I was like, well, I told the other person I pay five grand for a partial set.
 I was like, I probably wouldn't spend more.
 I don't know how much more.
 And he's like, well, would you spend 10,000?
 I'm like, yeah, I'd probably spend 10,000.
 And he's like, what's the highest?
 Like, I was like, I probably spend, I do want to spend 25,000.
 Like, that's a lot.
 But like, I know what my vision is with this and all I can do with it.
 And I don't think there's other copies of this, right?
 And so I told Aidan, I was like, I'll pay 25,000.
 He's like, we'll have to come back and I want more than that.
 I was like, ah, we're back and forth.
 And I was like, I need to have a set point.
 Like, this is the most I'm willing to pay.
 Like I need to have that number because they come back like 3 million.
 I got to say no, right?
 I was like, ah, like worst case scenario, I'd be willing to spend $50,000 for this rare
 book set.
 That would be worth to me.
 And the museum I'm buying and what I know I can do with the trainings inside of it, like
 I was like $50,000 to be my set point.
 And so I told my little buddy Aidan that I dropped off of school and I came back and
 the bookstore had sent me over an email with the description telling me all the details
 about the book, tell me about, you know, the box set, like where it's ripped, where it's
 torn, all the details that they normally send you in are buying books.
 And then they told me the price for this would be 500 pounds.
 And I was like, wait, what?
 500 pounds?
 And I start freaking out, right?
 So I messaged them, like, you have no idea.
 I'm looking for this everywhere done where I send them money, like quick before they
 change their mind, send them the 500 pounds plus shipping, send them to be like $615
 or something like that.
 And they shipped out this gem, this diamond in the rough, this treasure.
 I think for me, like as cool as it is, like what I had to go through to find this thing,
 to find the one bookstore in London who happened to post a picture, seven years ago on Instagram
 of it, to find them, locate it, get it and like ship it to myself and then get it for
 500 bucks, basically.
 It's crazy.
 And so anyway, so there's my treasure hunting story, which is exciting for me and about
 self.
 But the question again is like, well, why in the world do you care us?
 So why are you collecting all these little books?
 Again, the camera is kind of blurry here, but you see behind me, there's a whole bunch
 of other books.
 These are the books that came in this week.
 I'm buying a lot of books partially because I'm building a 20,000 square foot library/museum
 and events center.
 And I got to have no books to fill it up.
 But number two is like, I'm on this mission.
 I'm searching and trying to find all of these relics, right?
 You think about like you, everyone of us here, like if you're listening to me, my guess is
 you've got some kind of vision, something you're trying to do, right?
 Something you're trying to create.
 I think part of the reason why we, us creators want to create things is because we want to
 extend our life, right?
 Gives us immortality.
 If you create something that lasts beyond yourself, that's immortality, right?
 How do you live forever?
 We can't do it physically.
 We know we're going to die, but if you can create art that lasts beyond yourself, it
 gives you immortality, right?
 I think about Ryan Holiday and the Stoic Air, like these Stoics, like they created these
 things like Marcus Aurelius and Seneca and all these amazing emperors when they created
 these things out there.
 And today, however many 2000 years later, we know who they are.
 They've lived forever because of the works, because of the things they put out there,
 right?
 I think so many creators nowadays, we create courses and podcasts and things like that.
 And maybe those things will last the test of time.
 I don't know.
 I know that someone who's buying, you know, buying the intellectual property of people,
 the only thing that honestly lives beyond the life of the author or the person is not
 the audio or the video or the seminars or the training.
 The only thing that lives beyond the life of the author is the written word.
 It's the books that they publish, which is a reason why I like publishing books so much,
 because it's the thing that gives you immortality, it's the thing that lets you live beyond yourself,
 right?
 I think about funnel hacking live.
 It has amazing experiences, funnel hacking live, it's every single year.
 The people in the room, the lives are changed, but as soon as the event's over, it ends,
 right?
 Like I look at everything I've created in the last 20 years of being in this business,
 the things that people thank me for today are still Docum Secrets, Expert Secrets, Traffic
 Secrets, the written word.
 I've created hundreds of courses, hundreds of live events, hundreds of seminars, workshops,
 you name it, podcasts, episodes, the thing that lives beyond yourself is the written
 word.
 So for me, I'm going back in this time period, 1850, 1950, of what I think was the time when
 men's minds were growing the fastest and the most and we were like discovering all these
 things the very first time.
 Like that's the era I want to find these books, the written word and like these people spend
 decades that are alive and they put them into something where I can grab and read and like
 figure out like what they learned that no one else is talking about.
 What's crazy is that I read these books and I study them.
 I realize that most, you know, this is the foundational stuff people learned and then
 you know, a game of phone booth where one person tells an X and tell an X that goes down
 this huge line, long line.
 It eventually gets to us and we hear it like, you know, it's like the 400 times someone's
 told that it's all watered down where this is like where the original thoughts were stemmed
 from.
 They were missing minds.
 They weren't just regurgitating what they read about online.
 We're listening to a podcast and an act like it's their own.
 Like they were sitting there thinking, trying to figure these out, testing, trying and all
 these things and this is where the ideas were God first inspired these men and these women
 to create these things is because they were placing these ideas inside their minds and
 then boom, they became books.
 But now we have today and for most part, most of these books are lost to time, right?
 These treasures, these like amazing things.
 And so part of my mission, what I'm doing with the museum, the library, the upcoming
 membership side and a whole bunch of other things is like bringing these works back to
 life, trying to immortalize them so that people like me and you can have them forever.
 So my kids, my kids, kids, kids, kids, kids can have the original sources of this amazing
 information, which is why I'm so excited for it.
 And so what I want to talk about for you guys is just, again, this is me telling my
 treasure hunting story, but like I want to give you something tangible that you can do
 for your business, for your offers, okay?
 And this is coming back to understanding a principle in the concept called the public
 domain, okay?
 And it was crazy to me looking back in time now, one of the very first courses, or the
 very first memberships that I ever launched was called public domain, it was called the
 lost files.
 And it was, I would find products, books that were in the public domain and I would republish
 them, I'd write a sales letter for them, I'd give them to people where they could go
 in every month, they could log in membership site, they could download the public domain
 book, take my sales letter and they could go and sell and keep all the money.
 And I had five or six hundred members paying me, I can't remember, 50 bucks a month or
 40 bucks a month to have access to the membership site.
 My very first info product, my very first one ever is called public domain, how to talk
 people, how to find things, products in public domain, how to publish them, how to sell them,
 how to turn this into a product or a service you could sell.
 It's my very first course I've ever sold.
 And now like almost 20 years later I'm coming back and now I'm doing this at high scale
 where I'm buying hundreds of books a month that are in the public domain.
 So I'm going to give you some quick understanding what public domain is and how you guys can
 actually use this in your business, okay?
 So public domain is are things where the copyright has expired, okay?
 You know, throughout time, copyright laws have changed, okay?
 The very first copyright law, and again, I'm not a legal lawyer so, and it's been a decade,
 or two decades almost at the top of this course.
 I could be messing up on some of the details, but so consult the lawyer or whatever to figure
 out if this is true or not.
 But basically, 1923 is when the first copyright laws came into existence.
 That means that anything published before 1923 in America, this isn't true everywhere,
 but anything pre-1923 in America, there's no copyright on it, which means it's in the
 public domain which you can take that and you can republish it, you can make a derivative
 work out of it, okay?
 So for example, Walt Disney, everything that Disney makes for the most part are stories
 that are in the public domain, right?
 He didn't make up frozen, it's the ice princess, which is the story of the public domain.
 He didn't make a beauty and the beast, that's the story from the public domain.
 Like, most Disney movies came from things in the public domain, and so Walt Disney took
 these stories, right?
 They were in the public domain and they made a derivative work.
 You know, you can copyright your derivative work, but maybe not Snow White, I'm not sure.
 But, you know, Little Mermaid is still in the public domain, so you can go take that
 and make a book called Little Mermaid, and you can do that because it's in the public
 domain.
 You can't take Disney's version because their derivative work, I think that they created
 can, is copyrightable, but the original files are still in the public domain, okay?
 In 1923, something crazy happened.
 That's one of the copyright laws were first introduced, and the way it worked is between
 I think, if I'm a writer, 1923, 1963 is the author had, had renewed their, had had like,
 how did it work?
 It was like, automatically you were, you were copyrighted, but then the author, the copyright
 would last a certain amount of time, and then the author had to renew the work.
 Again, I'm going to mess up on the details on this, but basically between 1920 and 1963,
 I think it was, it's estimated only 7% of authors actually filed their work for the public
 domain, or for copyright.
 So, 93, whatever, 93% of works between 1923 and 1963 are actually in the public domain.
 And the after 1963 it changed, the copyright laws got really strict, so anything post 1963
 I believe is like, pretty much out of, you're out of luck, to get access to those things,
 you have to go back to the original intellectual property owner, you know, if the author's
 died from the family or from whoever owns the rights, and you can buy those things from
 them, but for the most part, post '63, like the copyright laws protected the copyright
 holders a lot better.
 But what I mean is anything pre-1923, you can take, and you can publish, you can make
 your own derivative works, or publish as is, or a bunch of other things like that.
 If you're in '23 and '63, depending on all the different rules and logistics of how publishing
 works, you know, and again, this is for books, but also for works, which can be videos,
 audio, things like that.
 And so, it's pretty amazing.
 And so, what that means is you can take these things and you can republish them in your
 offers, okay?
 So, for example, brainology, if you look at this brainology book set, which I think I
 have the only complete copy in the world, maybe there's someone else that's got one,
 it was published in 1925, okay?
 So, it was post 1923, but if you look at the way the copyright rule, again, I'm not going
 to get into it, basically, after the 93rd year after the work was in the copyright,
 '23, 1963, it enters into the public domain.
 So right now, in 2018, '18, '18 was when 93 years after, or 95 years after 2023, or whatever
 it was, but anyway, two years, basically, two or three years ago, this book got entered
 into the public domain, this book set.
 And so, by me finding it, it's like, this is exciting, but check this out.
 It means I can now republish this.
 So I can have this as a course, I can make a brainology course, I can make a brainology
 book, I can republish this as the book set you guys can listen to.
 Again, I could do an audio book of this, I could do an e-book of this, I could do an
 audio book, e-book, and I could do a course with it.
 So if I'm doing a book on personal development, and I need an offer stack, it wasn't cool
 I can do it, I'm like, hey, how about this?
 The most famous female offer from the early 1900s, who wrote an entire book called Brainology,
 if you buy my book right now on personal development, I'm going to give you her entire
 book set for free right now.
 It gives you the ability to create really cool offers.
 Most books I'm finding that I'm buying once again are in the public domain, and so I'm
 going through and finding things.
 This is when I got this week, it's called Science of New Thought by E. Woodford Hopkins.
 Science of New Thought, and if you go through this, it's an amazing book.
 All about, again, the new thought movement and thought, how to have thought change your
 life, and it's amazing.
 I could republish this book and it's become a bonus.
 Again, it's just powerful when you're understanding it, because again, usually you can have your
 own offer, then you're creating, then what are the things we include in the bonus stack?
 Well, the cool thing is, yeah, you can include a book from the public domain, but it's not
 like cool unless you know the story behind it.
 I know the story behind brain knowledge.
 It'll show you how I found this book set.
 Just me telling this story about how I was able to get this book set, increase the perceived
 value, right?
 To go back to Russell Brunson 101, Hook Story Offer, the goal of the story is increase
 the perceived value of the offer, right?
 I just told you the story.
 I was willing to pay $50,000 for this book set, and I'm going to give it to you for free
 as a bonus when you buy blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right?
 Me telling this story about the author and how she's showing this school called School
 of Opportunity.
 The entire world, giving out these seminars on brainology, right?
 And the book set, again, the second edition was actually just put into one book.
 The first edition, she would these little tiny mini books, and she only gave those to
 people who came to her live event.
 So the only way to get these was to be at her actual live event, right?
 I'm the only person that I know of on this planet that actually has a copy of it.
 So if you want access to this, you either got to come buy it from me, which I was willing
 to pay $50,000,000 for me.
 I'd probably sell it for a million, I'm not ever going to sell it.
 I'm a hoarder.
 I'm not going to sell it.
 I'm not going to sell it, but the perceived value has gone up, right?
 And I can tell you that story, explain how I got it and why I got it, and then why I created
 a course in the members area behind it.
 There's so many powerful things you can do.
 And there's so many things in the public domain, like so many insane amounts of products
 and services and things you can find that are amazing.
 And I remember when I first learned about public domain, I didn't understand.
 I didn't get it.
 But if you look at any market, any industry, there's some amazing things, right?
 The thing is to be able to find and be able to understand that people spoke different back
 then, right?
 In the early, in our late 1800s, early 1900s, so when people were again, like when printing
 was happening, people would mean prolific and these things were coming out there, if you're
 in the health business, they didn't call it health and fitness.
 Okay, they called it physical culture.
 So if you're searching for health and fitness, you're not going to find any good books back
 in the public domain, but if you type in physical culture and you go to eBay and type
 in physical culture book and look at books published pre-1923, right?
 Or if you go to Gutenberg.org and type in physical culture, like those start showing you
 that different books and things were written back then about health, right?
 There are people writing amazing stock books back in the early 1800s, early 1900s, right?
 And I'm not in the stock market, but you can find books on the stock market.
 And maybe the books are outdated, but maybe there's something inside there, like one principle,
 one philosophy, one concept that's inside this old book you found 1940, that, you know,
 whatever.
 Like it opens up a really cool story for a piece of your offer.
 In again, personal development, the new thought movement, it was what that title, that time
 was called.
 So if you go to eBay or Google or Gutenberg or whatever, it's like new thought movement
 or things like that.
 That's just start finding these products, right?
 You start finding these books and things and then you start getting to know who the
 authors are and what other books they wrote.
 And like very, very quickly you start finding some amazing things that are in the public
 domain, then you can repackage and put them into part of your offer.
 Or they become the friend of your offer, they become a whole bunch of different things.
 So I'm telling you guys this because I'm giving you guys a treasure map before I'm going.
 You'll see it.
 You'll see part of it probably summertime.
 You'll see a lot more happening throughout the end of this year.
 In the next three years you'll see it a lot until the library/museum is done and being
 built.
 And then in the next five years, ten years after that you'll see where I'm going to
 call this.
 But this is the plan.
 I'm writing my own books, right?
 I'm studying these things, but I'm taking these gems and I'm finding the things that
 are in the public domain that make sense that are still applicable to today and figuring
 out how I can use them as lead magnets to keep people into my world.
 So you find different segments of the market that will connect with this person versus
 me and like, and create books and training courses, all sorts of things based on the works
 of the great minds that left before us, right?
 Again, people spend decades of their life and back then it wasn't like jumping on Google
 docs and writing something and shipping it to create space.
 You have a book 15 minutes later.
 I have to create something like this.
 This book's set here.
 For her to create this, I can't even imagine how much work and effort had to go into the
 writing of it, the printing, the publishing, putting it into a box set like this.
 Her traveling country is seminar.
 I'm holding up so you can see this.
 This is one of the most beautiful things in the world for me.
 You can see the video version.
 This is the original box set of it as well.
 But that's the magic, right?
 This brainology course, again, I will conserve it.
 I was telling my kids.
 I was like, I'll conserve to make at least a million dollars in the next 12 months off
 of this book set alone.
 That's the value of it to me, right?
 Because I know these skillsets, the things we're talking about, how to create offers and
 funnels and courses and projects.
 All the skillsets you guys are learning here inside of our world, inside of our community
 could all be used for this, for you to be able to go and create offers as well out of all
 these cool things.
 Anyway, I hope this stimulates some thought in your mind.
 Hopefully, worst case scenario, you go to Gutenberg.org, where it's a company that's
 a non-profit that's scanned a whole bunch of public name books.
 You can find books that are already the text files, the title books there, and you can
 grab them and start using it.
 Or go on eBay.
 I'm obsessed with eBay and old bookstores trying to find the original copies because if I'm
 going to republish them, I want to have the original copy.
 Why?
 Because I make my video sales letter, my webinar, I want to be able to show the thing and talk
 about it and show it experience.
 This thing right here costs me a blah amount of dollars.
 There's no way to access this except when you buy my thing, join my membership site,
 buy my book, and this is the bonus.
 I needed it to use these unique, interesting things as part of the offer that we can wrap
 in now makes our offer exclusive.
 I talk a lot about times with creative product and other people have similar products and
 that becomes commodity.
 If you can create something where I've got this product, I bought my bonuses this and
 I'm the only person in the world that has this.
 Therefore, if you want to buy it, you got to pay a premium because I'm the only way,
 this is the only way to get access to this offer.
 Anyway, I hope this gets the wheels and your head spinning you guys.
 This is exciting to me.
 I'm going to keep sharing more pictures and videos of the old books I'm finding.
 I think one of the cool things about this is like, yes, this is content as part of an
 offer, this is me telling the story about it, but this is good pictures for Instagram.
 This is good for Facebook, Facebook lives.
 There's so many stories around acquiring these things that are exciting that are fun
 to share.
 Anyway, I hope that helps get the wheels and your head spinning you guys.
 I appreciate it all.
 For listening, for being part of the podcast, being part of the channel, watching Instagram
 wherever you're doing, wherever you're consuming this app, if you enjoy it, please share it.
 Hopefully, this gives you some useful ideas about how you can start creating really cool
 things from the public domain that will help you in your business and in your life.
 That's it, thanks you guys, appreciate you all, and we'll talk to you soon.
 (gentle music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
