 What's up, everyone?
 This is Russell again.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 I hope that you enjoyed the first half of the speaker reveal for who's speaking at this
 year's Spunlhacking Live.
 It's crazy.
 It's coming like a freight train.
 And so anyway, I hope you're excited.
 I hope you get your tickets.
 I think I told you this in the last episode, but we're at 20% more sold out tickets this
 year than last year.
 And so it's going crazy, which is amazing.
 But that just means that we're going to sell out earlier, probably a month or two earlier.
 So if you don't have your tickets yet, now is the time.
 And you can go to funnelhackinglive.com to get your tickets.
 Last episode I went through day one.
 We talked about Jacco.
 We talked about a bunch of other really cool things.
 Some other speakers like Stu McLaren and Garrett White, Dan Fleischman, Kathy Yoder, Steve
 Larson, and so many more.
 And so now I want to jump into the last half of the speaker reveal where you can hear the
 rest of the speakers that are speaking at the Spunlhacking Live.
 If you missed the last episode, pause this one.
 Go to snap first.
 It kind of gives you the setup and why we're doing it different this year and why it's
 so exciting, why you need to be there.
 It's going to be awesome.
 So yeah, if you want me to take a get now is the time.
 I told people at the end of the training, I was like, we spent like our budget this year
 is $5 million.
 So spending $5 million to put on a party and bringing the best speakers and trainers in
 the world to be out there.
 So the other thing I do is get to take it and show up.
 Be in the room where it's all happening.
 And so this is your call to action.
 Go to funnelhackinglive.com and get your ticket and do not miss it.
 We're less than 100 days away now and it's going to be amazing.
 So I appreciate you for listening.
 I hope you enjoy the conclusion of the speaker reveal here for Funlhacking Live.
 We go to bed and I wake up next morning and I was like, who do we give to wake us up
 in the morning and bring the fire?
 Like who?
 I was really excited about this and it's interesting because most of my team here, especially
 the ones in the office, we're all kind of like, we geek out on stuff, right?
 We're all in personal development and motivation and business and like success and all kind
 of stuff.
 And there's one person that tons of people are like, hey, we should have this person
 speak.
 We should have this person speak.
 We have this person speak.
 And it's interesting because like I actually hadn't heard this person be fired my entire
 team freaking out about him.
 And so I started watching him as well and I was just like, dang, this guy is amazing.
 And I found out later he's actually a quick funnels user, which then I'm like, all right,
 I love you forever, right?
 And so message him and we're just finished signing all the contracts and stuff in time
 to be able to share with you guys today.
 He's going to be speaking.
 So I'm excited.
 Mr. Eric Thomas is going to be speaking next.
 Let's go.
 So I'm excited.
 Yes, I've not watched him yet.
 Follow him on YouTube.
 Watch his videos, his presentations.
 It'll get you so motivated, so pumped up, so excited.
 And that way when you show up on Funlhacking Live and he takes the stage, you will be
 bought in 100%.
 And it's going to be amazing.
 Again, these are the speakers that will shift you and change your life forever.
 So I'm excited to have Eric Thomas come in to Funlhacking Live the first time to be
 on stage to share it with you guys, which would be awesome.
 So yeah, everyone in the comments, he's amazing.
 We owe you.
 Yeah, it was expensive.
 I'm not going to lie.
 So you guys will love me.
 He's a hip hop preacher, speaker preacher.
 Anyway, Eric's awesome.
 You guys will love him.
 So Eric can be coming to speaking.
 And then after Eric speaking, I was like, outside of me, most people don't speak twice.
 But I was like, there's this guy who's speaking once and I want him to speak another time.
 So I'm bringing back one of our speakers to speak twice and that is Neo.
 So Neo is coming back.
 Neo is doing challenges, but in a different way.
 How many of you guys like to sell really, really high ticket stuff?
 Like $25, $50, $100,000 or more.
 So he took the free challenge model.
 He's tweaked it to do paid challenges.
 And he presented this in the inner circle and showed us exactly what he's doing in paid
 challenges directly into high ticket, $25, $50,000 coaching packages.
 And his process was really unique, really interesting how he's doing it.
 And so we have a big focus to share on high ticket sales because a lot of you guys love
 high ticket, like who doesn't?
 Like it's great.
 I still really have continuity.
 But after continuity, I think I want to say high ticket, right?
 That's the next best thing.
 So he's going to come and show me a side of you paid challenges directly into high ticket.
 And his process is really, really cool.
 It's so simple.
 It's one of the things just like, it's almost too simple.
 Anyway, so it's going to be awesome.
 So Neo is going back to that.
 After Neo, the next speaker is someone who doesn't speak a lot.
 She actually is behind the scenes for us and for other people.
 So I'll tell you guys the story.
 So again, this is "Fondylock and Live 9" as you guys know.
 And the first four or five "Fondylock and Live" is like, we just kind of produced ourselves.
 Like we didn't know what we were doing.
 We show up.
 We did an event.
 And we sell something.
 Sometimes we make money.
 Sometimes we wouldn't make money.
 We kind of went back and forth.
 And then I remember after one of my "Fondylock and Live"s, we did an event and, you know, "Fondylock
 and Live" is expensive.
 Like, even back then, I think we spent about a million dollars on the event.
 And then, you know, we did the event and then in the event we have a coaching offer and
 we made less than a million bucks.
 We lost money on the event.
 And I just bumped out and I'm like, "No, we spent so much time and energy after it.
 We made no money at the event."
 And I was like, "You know what?
 We serve people.
 It's good.
 I'm fine with that."
 And then a little while later I was in an event and Jeff Walker, you guys know Jeff Walker,
 the product launch guy?
 So Jeff runs up to me.
 He's like, "Dude, how'd you last the event?"
 And go, "I'm like, "Oh, I didn't know, all right.
 We lost a little money."
 But we serve people and it was good.
 He's like, "You got a higher Barry Baumgardner."
 I'm like, "Who's that?"
 I was like, "You don't know Barry?"
 I'm like, "I don't think so."
 Like, "You got to meet Barry."
 He's like, "She took my event and she changed everything."
 He's like, "Restructure stuff."
 And he's like, "No, roughly, you have to hire."
 And he kept pitching me over and over.
 You know Jeff, me and Jeff are both kind of more shy introverted people.
 And he's got me in the corner of this event pitching me on why I need to hire her for
 45 minutes.
 I'm like, "I've never seen this passion about anything, even product launch funnels, versus
 this."
 And he kept begging me, "You have to hire."
 So I'm fine.
 So I called her up and I said, "Hey Barry, Jeff tells me to hire you and your team helps
 run a fun
 like a live.
 We already know what we're doing.
 But he keeps saying this, we're going to hire you."
 And she told me how much to cost.
 And I was like, "Oh my gosh."
 Like, "Whoa, that's not a cheap thing."
 And she's like, "I will make you way more than that.
 Don't worry."
 And so I was like, "Ah, so scampled.
 We paid her."
 And then she came in and she helped me restructure our event.
 And then interesting, it's like, "We had a good event."
 But she's like, "You had to change how the speakers work.
 You had to change how you do this."
 And she just had to restructure a few things.
 I was like, "Okay, this year's fun, I'm going to do that way."
 So she restructured, helped us facilitate event, we did it.
 And that event was the first year we did in Orlando.
 I mean, we landed the very first year.
 And if you remember when we did the offer at the end of the room, at the end of the thing,
 for a $25,000 offer, we had this huge stage rush.
 We ended up selling, I think it was like $12 million in sales from the presentation.
 And that was because of Barry.
 And I was like, "I will pay her whatever she wants for the rest of her life to help me
 structure everyone of my events."
 And she has every single final acting life since.
 Now she doesn't do big events for people anymore.
 She's transitioning more into software and training other people how to do it.
 But she's behind stage, every single final act of life, with her headphones on, running
 the whole event.
 So I was like, "Hey Barry, you know that thing you did to me where you took my crappy event
 and turned it into an eight figure event?
 Can you come on the front of the stage and just tell us how you told me to do it?"
 And she's like, "Sure.
 Tell me I just want her to show you what she does for me and for other people just to
 do that."
 Like, yeah, it's insane.
 And so she's like, "Sure, I love you."
 So she'll be backstage running entire event.
 And then when she's up, she's going to throw her microphone on, run out of stage, and show
 you guys the secret to making events that will crush nobody else.
 Like she is the best in the entire world.
 She runs Tony Robbins' big events.
 If you see the UPW and date with Destiny, all those kind of things, she's the one that
 does it.
 If you saw like when COVID hit and everything collapsed and all of a sudden Tony pops up
 this big huge studio 3D surround, you know, all the Zoom screens ever, it was like Barry
 is the mastermind behind all these things.
 And there's nobody better on this planet.
 And I'm excited.
 I'm excited to be here this year to show you guys the process, how to structure your events,
 how to do things for maximum sales.
 So Barry's amazing.
 That alone is more than worth your ticket price.
 I promise you that.
 So do not miss that.
 That's going to be awesome.
 So there's Barry.
 I feel like we're over delivering.
 Should we just stop now?
 Like, are you guys okay for keep over delivering?
 You want me to stop?
 Because I can stop anytime.
 Like, I'm good.
 Okay, you guys want us to keep going.
 All right, fine.
 Fine.
 We'll give you a little bit more.
 If you guys really want, we'll keep going.
 Okay.
 So this is someone I've been working with, potentially working on a secret project.
 We've been going back and forth.
 I'm hoping this weekend we can finalize the deal.
 But we're kind of a secret project together.
 I hadn't come out to Mexico for the mastermind paradise because I wanted him to share some
 really cool stuff with our audience.
 He is a multiple author.
 He's a lot of books, but his new book just came out.
 And some of you probably saw it or heard about it.
 The book is called 10X is easier than 2X.
 Okay?
 And first I was talking about a title.
 I was like, oh, I got a grandcard on 10X.
 Yeah, 10X.
 I know what you're talking about.
 This book is literally the opposite of what a grandcard on teaches.
 I'm like, what do you mean?
 He's like, let me explain how it works.
 And they explain this principle of 10X versus 2X.
 And about five or six minutes into his presentation, I was like, oh my gosh.
 Like, holy crap.
 That's the worst curse word you guys are ever going to say.
 Okay?
 So crap, that's as far as Russell goes.
 But I was like, holy crap.
 Like, dude, that's amazing.
 He's like, yeah, everyone misses.
 They don't understand it.
 And so again, I said, can you come to Mexico and teach our people this?
 And so he came in for our two match-mark groups.
 He taught this principle, 10X is easier than 2X in these small breakout groups.
 And afterwards, everybody flipped out, like melted.
 Like, it was one of those things, like it was life-changing.
 My flight came back home from Mexico.
 I made huge shifts and changes in my life because of that presentation.
 You know, there's like those times in life where there's like these, these like big shifts
 in your life, you know what I mean?
 And it'll happen a lot.
 I'd say probably half a dozen times in my life where it's like, this is a shift.
 My life goes from this direction to this direction, right?
 Hearing Dr. Ben Hardy speak at Mexico was a shift for me that will transform my life.
 And so I was like, man, if I had that big of an impact on me personally, like, I came
 back from the impact standpoint on you.
 So our next speaker is coming is Dr. Ben Hardy.
 I'm excited you guys show up prepared.
 It was amazing.
 So do not miss that presentation.
 It'll be one of those things that shifts it for you forever.
 Okay?
 Next week's speakers are going to be kind of tied together because this is important.
 How many guys have read either dot com secrets, expert secrets or traffic secrets or all two
 or left or all three?
 If you're one, two or three of them, okay?
 All right.
 Those are three bonus points for me.
 You're my favorite.
 Those are in one or two.
 Like, come on, read them all.
 I wrote a lot of books for you guys.
 Anyway, in all three books, there's one principle I talk about which is essential.
 And that is the principle of an attractive character.
 Now, what's interesting is that we get this yin yang a lot of times people.
 I don't want to be an attractive character or people like I do want to be one, right?
 So for those of you guys who like I am the attractive character of my business, the next
 three presentations are specifically for you.
 For those like I do not want to be attracted to my business, but I need one of my business
 or I work for somebody and like this or I'm a partner or somebody and like they're like
 if you're Todd Dickerson and you're like Russell's my attractive character, I'm going to go
 code or Russell does the dancing monkey stuff like this, you have to understand it either
 again, if you are the attractive character or if you are working with the attractive character,
 this is something you have to understand.
 Even agencies like if you're an agency, you need to understand these principles to coach
 your attractive characters through.
 I think three of the businesses we're launching right now that I own, I am not the attractive
 character for us.
 I'm training these attractive characters over and over and on how to do it.
 So the next three will be very vital for you guys.
 So the first speaker is going to be coming up is someone who has been in this room for
 the last five or six years.
 They join the second final like live they show up to just starting their business and
 they end up winning every one of our awards, doing all sorts of stuff and then they sold
 their company and then I actually bought the company from them recently and her name is
 Kaelan Poland.
 So throw Kaelan up here, boom there's Kaelan.
 And so Kaelan's becoming and if you know anything about if you watch Kaelan when she
 ran Lady Boss, she was the ultimate attractive character.
 People always ask to make Russell, like who should I study, who's the best?
 Like all the people who have ever introduced this concept of the attractive character to
 Kaelan was the best by far.
 She had a way of like speaking to people where they had no idea that she's selling
 and persuading and moving them but they were, right?
 And then she took a lot of the principles I shared and she innovated on what changed
 the adderons and like amazing stuff.
 So she's going to be coming and talking about how to be the attractive character, things
 like to know how to set up your stories and all that kind of stuff, how to think they'll
 tie together.
 So that's going to be the first first talk about this, which is going to be amazing.
 So Kaelan's going to be talking about that.
 Like I said, she's amazing.
 She came and did a three day workshop for our Inter-Strokal members here in this office,
 all on attractive character stuff and it was insane.
 It was, anyway, so good.
 So I asked her if she'd come to share and she is going to be coming and sharing with
 you guys, which is super cool.
 After Kaelan speaks, then, excuse me, our next speaker, because a lot of people like,
 you'll see someone like me on stage or someone like Kaelan on stage like, well that's awesome,
 but I can't do what Russell does.
 I can't do what Kaelan does.
 Or maybe you see me on stage and you try to do it like me.
 And I'll see, you start talking really fast and slurring your words and new weird stuff.
 I can't do it like Russell.
 He just talks too fast.
 I think it's one of the biggest problems people have is they look at somebody else like,
 I can't do like Tony Robbins.
 I can't do like Russell.
 I can't do like whoever.
 And this first thing I actually spoke about a lot like life two years ago and shared a
 presentation that was one of my favorites.
 She is innovated on this principle a lot, but she is a framework that she created called
 charisma hacking, which is understanding like, like Russell has a charisma type.
 And if you're like, if you're a Russell, then you should do it like Russell.
 But if you're not like Russell, don't do it like Russell.
 You feel what is your charisma type?
 Who are you and learn how to step into that to become yourself?
 And it's powerful.
 So everyone's that I blow up the comments and I'm a call, I'm a call.
 So yes, McCall Jones will be the next speaker at Funnel Hacking Live, boom, talking about
 charisma hacking and how to find your charisma type.
 So when you are doing the track for care stuff, you don't have to do it the right way
 where it's you and not you try to be me or trying to be somebody else.
 Okay.
 And McCall is probably the calmest, most chill person I know, just kidding.
 She freaks out by everything.
 You're a lover.
 She would run it on her stage to get excited.
 Two years ago, she had like high heels on and she was really kicks like stuff.
 It was crazy.
 And my twins were there and my down was like, "Dad, she's got a lot of energy.
 She was awesome."
 I'm like, "I know."
 And you guys are going to love McCall and she's going to help you guys to figure out
 how to be you for most of that's the thing we struggle with because we're trying to be
 other people.
 In fact, it's funny.
 I had some videos that we launched that weren't converting super well.
 And McCall messaged me.
 She's like, "Hey, I don't know how the ads are doing, but you were out of your charisma
 type when you recorded those."
 I'm like, "What do you mean?"
 She's like, "Well, you're a blah, blah, blah, blah."
 And over here you do blah, blah, blah.
 She's like, "Are they working?
 Are they converting?"
 I was like, "No, they're not."
 I was like, "That's so crazy."
 She's like, "It's because you're weren't you.
 You have to be you."
 And so we delete those ads and I came back and I started being more Russell and then they
 worked again.
 So even in my love, I still fall for these traps.
 We're trying to be other people or pitch things like other people do.
 So it's awesome.
 McCall's coming and after McCall speaks then, this is one I thought would be really fun.
 So there's a guy who's been doing video stuff for a long time.
 A while ago we launched a TV show called Funnel Hacker TV and we were doing three vlog episodes
 a week and he was one that was taking all these clips and editing them.
 And then after all, I think we all got overwhelmed with that and then he left and he started
 doing creating ads for people, specifically for people like us, for attractive characters.
 Like how do you create ads for attractive characters where a lot of times attractive
 character is not going to be in the ad or they're too tired or whatever is going to happen,
 right?
 He's been building ads for us for the last three or four years now and his ads crush
 it all the time.
 And so I want him to come and teach you how to create attractive character ads, right?
 How do you create ads to get people to stop the scroll, to connect and sometimes ads are
 super simple.
 Like one of our best selling ads was like he created, he got to like the Doccom Secrets
 book.
 He's up like three flights of stairs and he like dropped a book and then he took it and
 he made it backwards.
 Look at the book is flying up to the screen and it's like buy Doccom Secrets and that
 ad crushed it for us.
 I sold thousands of copies of the book.
 It's just simple, easy like, oh, like anybody could do that.
 Like grab a product and drop it and then that's your ad, right?
 But like that's like the way his mind works.
 And so I think he's got nine different attracted character ad types.
 He's going to show you guys how you can create very, very quickly.
 He'll show you a bunch of fun examples.
 It'll be really cool.
 So that is Kevin Anson.
 This is probably his first time ever being on stage.
 So I'm excited for him, but more so excited for you guys because like what he's going
 to be showing you guys is powerful.
 It's simple.
 It's unique to me.
 All of you guys can do and you guys will love Kevin.
 He's awesome.
 If you don't have your tickets yet, I don't know what you're waiting for.
 Because now is the time to go to open up a new browser when to go to www.fondenhackinglive.com
 and get your tickets.
 All right.
 Okay.
 Next speaker.
 I remember last year you guys we had my hero, Jordan Burroughs, come and spoke.
 Seven time world champion wrestler.
 It was amazing.
 So I thought, man, Jordan killed it.
 We should always have wrestlers on stage.
 And luckily I'm a wrestler.
 So I got call flourier.
 So you know that there's one wrestler on stage, but I wanted to bring another wrestler
 on stage, someone who I have watched ever since he was a little kid.
 He actually grew up with me in Utah wrestling.
 And he had overcome a lot of adversity to become a successful wrestler, become a successful
 in life.
 And he's someone who I just have so much respect for.
 And what's crazy is last month, to me I know that once a year I dust off my wrestling
 shoes and I try to lose some weight.
 So my love handles just appear.
 I put on a wrestling singlet and I go mix it up with some guys, right?
 There's a national tournament once a year for old guys.
 And so I've gone four years in a row.
 They sure I took third place in the country.
 So give me a round of applause.
 I mean, come on, please stop.
 Please stop the applause.
 Please, just kidding.
 So I took third in the country this year as an old now, which maybe feel pretty good.
 And last year he was at Fun Hockey Live, who I'm now at now.
 He's in the audience.
 I kind of talked some trash.
 I'm like, dude, Ben, you're a better wrestler than I ever was.
 Why aren't you wrestling in his tournament?
 And so about two weeks before a tournament, he messed me up.
 He was like, all right, Brunson, I'm coming.
 I'm going to wrestle with you.
 I'm like, are you serious?
 And then smaller than me, so we're in the same weight class.
 But he showed up, the tournament.
 And we had so much fun.
 Like we're both wrestling and like living up to glory years.
 And we used to be tough and we were young and so awesome.
 And Ben actually, apparently he's better than me, because he won both Greco and Freestyle
 his weight class.
 He got the big, huge stop side trophies I'm trying to get still.
 He won both things.
 And we talked a lot while we were sitting there.
 And it was fun because Ben was telling me stories about his life and things were happening
 and his family and his business and all the stuff and the trials and things he had to
 go through to be successful.
 And it was awesome.
 And I was sitting there.
 I was visualizing him, Mike.
 Well, last year he was in the audience, Fun Hockey Live is in attendee.
 And I want him to share what he's gone through and what he's done to be as successful as
 he has, both in wrestling and in life.
 And so a lot of you guys probably don't know him yet, but you're going to fall in love
 with him.
 And in his Ben care, he's going to be talking about how you can step into your calling.
 This is something I promise you as it will not be a dry tear in the audience.
 This will be another one of those presentations that will shift you and change you forever.
 And I'm grateful for Ben coming and speaking as a, you know, as a favorite of me.
 But more so it's going to be such a huge impactful thing for you guys.
 So I'm excited for that.
 That's Ben care.
 You guys are going to fall in love with him as well.
 Is that everybody?
 No, there's two more people.
 Oh, there's two more people.
 Oh, okay.
 So after Ben talks, then of course we need some theatrics at Fun Hockey Live, although
 I was the pointer between Fun Hockey Live.
 I didn't know when we did the first Fun Hockey Live there to ever be theatrics.
 But you know, it just kept getting a little crazier.
 And by Fun Hockey Live Orlando, Garrett White came out with a fan of the Opera mask on.
 And he's throwing chairs in the audience and going crazy.
 And I was like, wow.
 We have come a long way from a bunch of nerdy marketing guys in the room.
 And he gave a presentation that was amazing.
 And he's done that over and over.
 Garrett White is the only speaker who spoke to every single Fun Hockey Live besides myself.
 And he's got something really powerful prepared for you guys as well that he will be speaking
 about.
 This year obviously we're going really, really deep into a very certain, actually three frameworks.
 The attractive character Flywheel, the Lynchpin, another one I won't spoil right now, but we
 are going deep into these frameworks.
 And so to end Fun Hockey Live up, I want you to understand that the frameworks are there.
 But framework, the power framework is not the framework.
 It's what you bring to the framework.
 And I was talking to Garrett about this.
 He's like, yeah, you Russell, you bring the framework, but I've got to bring the fire
 to that framework.
 He's like, I take the perfect webinar script.
 I bring my personality, my, I can bring who I am.
 And that's what makes it work for me and my audience.
 And I was like, this is what everyone needs.
 So many times people are trying to be me.
 They're trying to take a framework and they try to model it perfectly.
 And they say, no, like the framework's there.
 It's like framing a house, right?
 Every house looks similar, frameworks are the same.
 But what makes a house a home is the art inside of it, right?
 It's you.
 It's bringing that energy.
 It's the fire inside the framework.
 And so Garrett is going to be talking about that and bring, helping you guys to bring the
 fire, your own personal fire to these frameworks to amplify them, to get your people to hear
 your voice and to follow you.
 And so that'll be amazing as always, I'm sure.
 My guest is about 3% of you will be offended because no matter what he says, about 3% are
 offended.
 And some years, it's because of this and some years it's because of that.
 So who knows?
 So for the 3% of you, I apologize for everyone else.
 It'll be an amazing presentation.
 I promise that.
 And then we've got one last thing I'm excited for for the end of the event.
 And this one is cool.
 We've only done this once in the past.
 Traditionally, we have a big keynote that's the very end of Funonacking Live, right?
 But as I told you, Jocko could always speak on day number one.
 So Jocko's leading the event.
 So the end of the event, how do we make this end perfectly?
 And usually we've had Tony Robbins, things like that, have come and speak.
 And it's always amazing.
 But I was like, I want something unique.
 One year we did something really cool.
 How many guys remember the year that we had Lindsay Sterling come and perform?
 Lindsay Sterling came and she played the violin, she danced.
 It was like an amazing thing.
 And I remember like we left and it was just like the energy we left was so good.
 And we didn't get Lindsay.
 So we had just like, Lindsay, coming back, no, not this time.
 She was amazing though.
 I was like, I want that energy, I want like a concert, like a rock concert.
 We have this, we leave at a different level and a different high, right?
 And so anyways, we were talking about that.
 And then I called my buddy Brian Underwood, so he has no Brian.
 He runs a company called Provett.
 And I was telling him, I'm trying to find a speaker to do this or someone to present
 or something.
 And he's like, dude, I have the person.
 He's like, this person will change your community.
 I'm like, what do you mean?
 He's like, I had this person in our community.
 And he's an artist.
 I heard a song on the radio.
 I loved it.
 So I got all these people and I had him come.
 And he's like, I wasn't even expecting this.
 He's like, I just wanted to come and sing that song.
 But he didn't come.
 He's like, he did an entire concert for our people.
 He's like, what was crazy is that he told the story behind each song.
 And all of this person's songs are based on like personal development and motivation,
 stuff like that.
 And he's like, as soon as like, you hear the song, he's like, that's great.
 But when you know the story behind the song, he's like, it changes you.
 He's like, the guy would tell the story behind the song and sing the song.
 And he's like, what was crazy?
 And when the event was over, he's like, this singer's songs became the playlist for our
 community for the next 12 months.
 And they're not funnel builders.
 But for us, while they're building funnels, they're listening to this person because it
 becomes the soundtrack for our lives for the next 12 months.
 And the way he said that, I was like, oh my gosh, how cool would that be?
 For us as funnel hackers to have a soundtrack, to have a voice we can listen to as we're
 building funnels, we're thinking it was-- and someone who's an entrepreneur, a creator
 like us, who's written songs that are powerful.
 And so I'm excited.
 And some of you guys, I assumed everyone knew this person's name.
 And as I've asked, I've seen about 50/50 do.
 And then I played one of their songs and everybody's like, oh, I know exactly who that
 is.
 And so if you don't know the name when I say it, Google it real quick, I would play this
 down, but I'll stream on Facebook.
 And I think, you know, our best friend Zuckerberg, they shut me down because they're like, oh,
 we're playing a song.
 So I can't do that because, you know, Zuckerberg.
 So I can't play a song, but the person's going to be coming and presenting and doing
 the live concert for you guys, which is going to be insane, is Andy Grammer.
 So boom, Andy Grammer's going to be coming.
 How many guys know who Andy Grammer is?
 If you do say, I love Andy Grammer.
 And if you're like, I don't know who he is yet, Google, honey, I'm home.
 And you'll listen to that song for three seconds, like, I love Andy Grammer too because you're
 going to know exactly who he is at that point.
 So it's going to be a fun way to end the event and just like, it's going to be awesome.
 So that's going to be-- this is just fun hacking live.
 Again, this isn't all the speakers.
 Again, there's two people, two women that are still in contract with trying to finalize
 and stuff like that.
 So when we get those outside, I will announce those as well, which will be really, really
 cool and exciting.
 But one thing I have to tell you guys about is that we have one spot that was kind of
 like this one spot that we were short to do with.
 Whew.
 And this has been like the hardest thing for me.
 And so before I announce what we're doing there, I'm going to give one more call to
 action.
 If you don't have your tickets yet, now is the time to go to funnelhackinglive.com and
 go get your tickets, get it for you, get it for spouse, get for your business partners,
 because Jocko is going to be there freaking you out if you're not showing up.
 You'll be like, dude, extreme ownership.
 If you want to be successful, you've got to show up.
 You guys probably noticed that like most of the speakers who speak in funnelhacking
 live, they're people I know.
 They're people who are in the coaching programs.
 I see them in Mexico.
 I see them in New Circle.
 I see them like-- and so seeing you guys' faces and knowing helps a lot.
 So I've seen you guys' faces, but the more proximity, more year around, more year funnelhacking
 line, more year at places, the more I'm able to see and I see you speak on stage and present,
 the more you're doing challenges, the funnel-- and you're using click funnels, you're talking
 about the more things-- those are the things I see.
 I see people's faces over and over again.
 That's the best thing.
 Anyway, without said, you guys, I appreciate you guys all being here and hanging out with
 me and I'm excited for funnelhacking live this year.
 This year's going to be insane.
 Again, this is funnelhacking live 9.
 This is the 9th time we've done this.
 And I don't know how many times we're going to do this.
 To be honest, my wife's like, so is this the last year?
 Is this the last year?
 I'm like, I'm having so much fun.
 I don't think so.
 I have no idea how much longer fun a live will be a thing.
 Hopefully for a lot longer, but we never know.
 And so this one seems like you do not want to miss it.
 I remember back in the day, Michael Jackson was on concert and he came through Boise
 Island.
 I was like, oh, I want to see Michael Jackson.
 That'd be so cool.
 And then we didn't go.
 And then the next year is when Michael Jackson passed away.
 And I was like, man, I could have experienced Michael Jackson live.
 I could have experienced-- I remember later I went to Vegas and I went to the Michael
 Jackson thing and I saw the 3D thing, which was insane.
 I've seen that.
 If you're Vegas, seeing Michael Jackson 3D, it was made.
 I had tears and chills.
 It was really, really powerful.
 But I had an opportunity to see him live and I missed it.
 And so again, the same thing, what you guys are experiencing here at Funnel Hockey and
 Life, these are the greatest speakers and presenters in the history of all time.
 And they're here in one spot for you guys to come and to learn from and participate
 to sit at their feet.
 And I would not miss that opportunity.
 That's why I'm bringing my kids.
 My kids to experiences.
 I want you guys to experience it.
 If you guys knew how much effort goes into Funnel Hockey and Life, we spend-- where's
 my other?
 What's our budget for this year?
 Five million.
 Seriously?
 Okay.
 I thought it was $3 million.
 So our budget this year is $5 million.
 So I am throwing a party for you guys.
 And it's costing me $5 million to put on this party.
 And that's not just in the ads to get you guys to show up.
 That's literally in the venue, the food, the experience, the signage, the speakers,
 the-- all the things.
 And so if I had a friend who spent $5 million on a party and he got all the best entrepreneurs
 and all my peers from around the world to fly there in one spot, and then he was going
 to get the best speakers ever to assemble in one spot to teach and to train and to entertain
 me.
 And they just have a private concert with me and Andy Grammer.
 And then he's going to be out there with his kids learning like if I could go to a party
 like that, someone who spent $5 million.
 I would do everything in my power to get there.
 Does that make sense?
 Like, for you guys, it's $1,000 ticket.
 I know that's a lot.
 And it's air-faring.
 You have to time off.
 And you have to find out how to-- all those things.
 I understand it.
 It's a sacrifice for you guys to come.
 But I promise you.
 I promise you.
 It'll be worth it.
 This will be an experience that will change your life forever.
 And I'm not just saying that because I'm trying to sell you something.
 You can ask people to bend them.
 If it was you guys who've been in the past, you know, right?
 If you've been in a fun life, you'll have in the past, type in-- let everyone know
 in the comments, how did this change your life?
 What was it?
 Let them know.
 I give back to the people who haven't taken the sleep of faith yet.
 Because there are times where you guys are the same way.
 You're like, oh, Russell talks too fast.
 Is it going to be fun?
 Is it going to be-- I'm introverted.
 I'm scared of people.
 Everyone's jumping around.
 I don't want to jump around.
 And they're like, oh, the fear, right?
 We're like, oh, Russell seems like this slick tells me.
 He's going to try to sell me something.
 Yeah, we're definitely going to sell you coaching.
 There'll be one time where I'd sell you coaching.
 You don't have to buy it, though, which is really cool.
 But if you want to do this cool thing that events all throughout the year with me,
 we keep serving you.
 And that's really cool.
 But don't let those things freak out.
 Just come.
 I'm like, your future business partners are in this room.
 Your future joint venture partners are in this room.
 Your best friends are probably in this room.
 I look at so many businesses that have been built.
 When people came in front of my collab, they met there.
 And they started business as a partnership in relationships.
 And they traveled.
 We had a dozen marriages that happened.
 People meeting at funnel hockey live.
 Your tribe, your people, your family, your peers are here.
 And so all you got to do is just show up and be part of that.
 And if you have a quick funnel shirt on and you're at the airport, come into the party,
 guess what?
 They're all going to know who you are.
 They would hug you and love it.
 Oh my gosh, you're a funnel hacker, too.
 Come on, let's go.
 It'll change your life.
 And so be in that room.
 I promise you that.
 And it might not be from something I said.
 It might be something-- sometimes it's like some random--
 you're the group, all of a sudden, like, who knows?
 Stu dropped something.
 You're like, that was it.
 That nugget was the thing that shifted it for me, right?
 Or maybe it's Dan or Kaitlyn.
 Or any of these speakers have the ability to change life.
 But you got to be in the room where it happens.
 And if you're in that room participating,
 we have choreographed and created an environment
 to make change possible, to make change happen.
 And so I want you guys to be there.
 I hope you're there.
 I'm going to be there.
 I'm bringing my kids there.
 I literally point them out of school to be there,
 because it's that important for my kids to be there.
 And the same thing's true for you guys.
 So if you don't have your tickets yet, go to funnelhackinglab.com,
 get your tickets.
 And again, if you take us for you, get tickets for a spouse,
 get tickets for your business partners,
 bring your teenage, don't bring little kids.
 But bring teenagers along.
 Bring the family, make this a family event.
 And we can help transform you guys together as a whole.
 It'd be a lot of fun.
 We are not selling virtual tickets this year.
 I want everyone in the room.
 In the room, we can do things I can't do virtually.
 So I'll make sure as they're coming in the room.
 And again, these are all our speakers.
 Thank you so much for all of our speakers
 who have confirmed and signed contracts that are coming.
 Here they all are.
 Again, we'll have a couple more speaker reveals
 in the next couple weeks.
 We've finalized the last few people and get them all in there.
 And without said, time to go.
 Take us to funnelhackinglive.com.
 Thank you guys all for hanging out.
 Appreciate you all.
 And we'll see you at funnel hacking.
 Bye.
 Thanks, everybody.
 (upbeat music)
