 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> Hey, what's up everybody?
 This is Russell and hope you guys are doing awesome.
 We are in the middle of planning funnel hacking live as a day that I am recording
 this we are officially 100 days away from this year's event which is crazy.
 Every year when it gets done right we have 365 days so
 next year's funnel hacking live we have so much time and then next we know it's almost here.
 So anyway, I'm excited and I want to make sure you guys are there this year's event.
 And so a little while ago I did a private event here in my office where
 Streamliver kind of announced who all the speakers were for this year.
 And I haven't announced all the speakers so there's still, I got some secret weapons in my back pocket.
 We'll be bringing out, we'll get closer to the actual event.
 Maybe I'll, you know, Dan Kennedy came first event and no one even knew he existed.
 Most people thought he had died and brought him out on stage.
 So we always have some surprises up our sleeve but I did want to let you guys know who's speaking and why.
 And this year's different than funnel hacking lives in the past.
 This is our ninth one and this one, the way we were choreographing the event,
 it's all based on one single framework.
 Every session leads, builds on the next and the next to give you guys the full vision,
 outline, understanding and best practices from this little thing that we keep calling the linchpin.
 You've heard me talk about it.
 So that's going to be happening this year, it's going to be fun.
 And so anyway, I wanted to let you guys hear you speaking this year.
 And so I'm going to morph over into the actual live event where I introduce to the speakers
 where and kind of go through them and why they're speaking, why it's so important and why I want you to be there for each one of them.
 And so it's going to be awesome.
 Anyway, anyway, you do those as you're listening to this and getting excited about the event,
 make sure you go and get your tickets.
 We have sold out eight years in a row.
 We will sell it again this year.
 In fact, we're ahead this year by like 20% tickets we were last year this time.
 So seats are going to be gone soon.
 If you don't have a ticket at it now is the time.
 But the time you get is probably like 98 days away from all endings.
 So anyway, all you got to do is go to funnelhackinglive.com and get your tickets.
 Once again, that's funnelhackinglive.com.
 All right, with that said, I'm going to do this episode of A List and half of the speaker reveal.
 And then we'll do another one in a few days and reveal the rest of who is speaking this year's funnel hacking live.
 So thanks again and hope you enjoyed this episode.
 [MUSIC]
 What's up everybody?
 How are you guys all doing?
 [LAUGH]
 I'm excited to be hanging out with you guys today.
 I'm excited because we are officially, how many days away are we from funnelhacking live?
 124 days away from funnelhackinglive.
 124 you guys, I remember when it was 365 days till next year's funnelhackinglive.
 And now we're 124 which is insane.
 So how are you guys are excited for this entire party to be starting and happening?
 I am so excited.
 This is every year we do one huge show and everything we do the entire year leads up to this moment.
 And I'm excited we're going to announce who the speakers are for this year.
 This is not a complete picture of all the speakers we're still waiting on.
 Speaker contracts back from two of the women that are speaking this year.
 And unfortunately I was able to put them on this because damn, it's time to contract yet.
 So everybody else I'm going to be announcing as much as we can.
 Also as you guys know this week we ran a speaker contest because we have one other spot and
 a whole bunch of people like way more than I thought made videos asking to speak if this
 is funnelhackinglive.
 In fact, I see some of your faces back there on the big screen.
 Have you guys submitted a video because you want to speak funnelhackinglive?
 Okay, I'm not going to lie.
 This was like the most stressful probably three days of my entire life because I saw the videos
 then you all tagged me and then your friends tagged me and your friends tagged me and your
 mom tagged me and your grandpa tagged me.
 And they started texting me and email me and calling me and sending me gifts to my office.
 It was a little crazy and way more than you guys submitted than we thought.
 So I'm not sure exactly what to do with that yet because there's so many good presentations.
 But we'll get to that towards the end of today because there are going to be at least
 one and potentially more from the speakers that submitted.
 There's some amazing stories.
 I was like, dang it.
 Anyway, so this is like my entire team has been wrestling with this the last few days.
 So we'll be talking about today and make sure you get your tickets to funnelhackinglive.
 This will be the biggest year ever.
 We are already ahead of tickets by a significant amount from where we were last year this time.
 Every year we sold out and this year will not be any different.
 We should have about 7,000 entrepreneurs and funnel hackers, small business owners, people
 like you who are going to be in Florida this year with us in September at funnelhackinglive.
 I'm curious how many of you guys have been in funnelhackinglive in the past?
 If you have, if you're on Zoom, raise your hand.
 If you're in the comments that have, I have.
 If you haven't yet though, and you're like a funnelhackinglive newbie, and you're like,
 I don't even know what funnelhackinglive means.
 I don't know what Russell's even talking about.
 Tell us if you're like a beginner.
 I haven't gone yet.
 This is going to be my first time.
 Let us know that as well.
 Okay?
 We have a bunch of first timers in the comments.
 Another first timer.
 Fifth timer.
 We've probably think a dozen people that have been to every single one.
 This year's Aqualute actually funnelhackinglive.
 Nine.
 This is the ninth time we have done this show.
 And some of the background behind this, back in an earlier business before we built ClickFunnels,
 we had done a lot of events.
 Not a lot.
 We've done a dozen events, half dozen events or so.
 And I remember the last event I did, actually there were two events we did, kind of back
 to back.
 I did one event.
 It was just all like Sydney.
 I think we had like three or four hundred people bought tickets to it.
 We got to the event.
 We set off the room for all the number of people.
 And then when the day showed up, only like 50 or 60 people actually showed up to the
 event.
 And it was like the scariest thing for me.
 Like walking out and you're like, all these empty chairs.
 And I was like, this is humility.
 I was so embarrassed.
 And I was like, I'll never do an event again.
 And one of my friends wrote me in one other event a little later.
 And they had sold 1,200 tickets to this event.
 I was like, okay, we'll do this event.
 And sure enough, we'll get to the event.
 And less than 200 people showed up for the event.
 And I remember being in this room.
 And before we opened doors, we were pulling chairs out of there.
 And the room was empty.
 And I was like, I will never do an event again, ever.
 And I was like a sworn promise to myself.
 I'd never do an event, never do an event, because I had such bad experiences with them.
 And then about 10 years ago, we launched this little company called ClickFunnels.
 And it changed the market.
 It changed the world.
 I don't think any of us who were starting this company knew what was going to happen
 from it.
 But we launched this company, ClickFunnels, and it started growing.
 And for those who first came in way back 10 years ago, I had a webinar called the Funnel
 Hacks webinar.
 I taught people how to use funnel hacking.
 This is where the term funnel hacker came from, right?
 I talked about funnel hacking.
 But then in our community, people started calling themselves funnel hackers.
 They're like, I have funnel hackers.
 I have a question for, hey, funnel hackers.
 And you guys made up that name.
 And you started calling each other funnel hackers.
 And the kind of this name that stuck.
 And I was like, that's kind of cool.
 And then all these funnel hackers started meeting up.
 They're like, hey, we're going to do funnel hacker meet up in Dallas.
 Who wants to go?
 And also there'll be 20 or 30 funnel hackers in Dallas.
 They're like, we're going to do funnel hacker meet up over here in New Jersey.
 And these things started hopping up all over the place.
 And our team was like, we should probably help facilitate this process.
 And I was like, no, I don't do events.
 I told you, we'll never do an event again.
 And then after three or four weeks of fighting back and forth, we decided to do an event.
 The first event was funnel hacking live for our funnel hackers.
 And it was in Las Vegas.
 And that was the very first one we ever did.
 We sold about 600 tickets.
 The room only held 600 people.
 I remember the very first day hiding behind the curtains, waiting people come in, peeking
 the out behind the curtains, looking at an entire room was filled, not a single empty
 seat.
 And I was like, oh, they came.
 It's so exciting.
 And that's when the whole funnel hacking movement began.
 When we were 600 people, the next year we had 1200 people.
 And then a year or two later, we had 3,500 people.
 And then from that one to 4,000 and 5,000 and 6,000, and keeps growing every single year.
 This year, again, my goals have 7,000 people in Florida with us.
 7,000 people who are going to be your future partners, friends, peers.
 This year, we have more people who have won two Comma Club awards than ever before.
 So hundreds and hundreds of you guys have achieved that.
 We'll be on stage getting awards for me and Todd, which is going to be exciting.
 And we'll hold on to the cool things.
 So I'm excited.
 Every year I get nervous as we get into it.
 Because every year I'm like, what if they don't show up?
 And every year I remember looking out the curtain and just seeing everybody out there.
 This year was the last funnel hacking lab.
 It was fun.
 You guys just saw the video of it.
 But my kids, some of my kids came up this time.
 And so I told them, I was like, when they open the doors, everyone runs in like crazy
 people.
 And they trample each other and it's nuts.
 And so my kids and I sat on the stage and they opened the doors.
 They watched everybody running through.
 And they're like, Dad, these people are crazy.
 And my kids are like, why do they want to hear you talk to you?
 I'm like, I have no idea.
 So I appreciate you guys who come to funnel hacking live.
 And I promise you, we will put on a show.
 This year we are taking out all the stops.
 This will be the best year ever from a whole bunch of things from the production side.
 This year we have a concert happening, which is going to be crazy.
 We have a whole bunch of other cool things.
 They're going to make this year amazing.
 But mostly I'm just excited because of the speaker lineup that we've kind of curated
 for you guys this year.
 So how many of you guys want me to get into the, to get into some of the who's speaking
 this year?
 Okay.
 This is always a big question.
 Like, in fact, it's funny because about a third of the tickets get sold like within a
 day of fun hacking live and ending a third of the tickets are sold.
 And I was like, I don't care.
 I'm going to be there no matter what.
 And next third people like, I'm going to wait to see like if we're also going to actually
 get good speakers then I'll maybe I'll come.
 And the last third for some reason you guys will only come when we are about to sell out
 like urgency and scarcity.
 So again, if 30 guys are right by our tickets, third tickets after do the reveal are going
 to come through.
 So this is my goal to show you guys who's going to be speaking and why they're speaking.
 Okay.
 And so this year's again, this is funnel hacking live nine.
 This year's going to be different than any other year.
 And there's a reason behind it.
 Every single funnel hacking live in the past, the market conditions and internet market,
 digital market, all kinds of stuff.
 It was simpler, if I'm completely honest.
 It was a lot easier.
 And so usually funnel hacking live, we'd have a bunch of different speakers talking about
 unconnected concepts like, oh, here's something to teach you about this kind of funnel and
 this kind of funnel and this kind of funnel.
 Here's the way to get traffic.
 Another way to get traffic.
 And they were all really, really good presentations, but they weren't connected because it was
 just like anybody could come to the table and be like, oh, I'm just going to take that
 idea and run with them and take that idea and you could run with it.
 And it's been amazing.
 In fact, I'm so proud of what we've done in the last eight funnel hacking lives.
 But this year, as you guys know, it's different, right?
 We're moving into a recession.
 Advertising costs are higher than they've ever been in the past.
 I look at so many people in our community that have had businesses who are struggling.
 A lot of people who aren't in our community who don't understand these principles that
 you guys know so well, who are really struggling, right?
 A lot of them lost their businesses and things have just shifted for them.
 And it's been interesting because in our company, we've had to shift the way we do things as
 well.
 And the last two years has been fun for me because I love tinkering with funnels and
 playing with things and figuring out what's going to be the best way to do things.
 And this year, as a company, one of the biggest initiatives we had is, number one, it's like,
 how do we go from good to great, right?
 You guys have probably heard this saying before, like, good is the enemy to great, right?
 We have really good funnels.
 We have really good things.
 We have things that are really good.
 How do we go from good to great, right?
 That was one big initiative we had.
 And number two is I'm actually working right now on a book with Dan Kennedy, which is so
 exciting to co-author a book with my mentor.
 And I don't know what the actual title of the book is going to be yet, but the working
 title, which is probably the longest title of any book ever, is whoever can spend the
 most money to acquire customer wins.
 Is that too long of a book title?
 Or do you guys like that?
 If you could think of a shorter, I kind of say that like two words.
 I try to make funnels secrets or back, I don't know.
 But the concept is whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins, right?
 And Dan Kennedy and I in this book has been so fascinating going back and back with it
 because we're seeing it right now in the market, right?
 We're seeing advertising costs go up.
 But what's interesting is I talk to Dan, he's like, this is the history of media and
 how it works.
 He says initially, like, back in the day, we are running, you know, newspapers ads.
 News paper ads were cheap.
 We all made a ton of money.
 And then after all the advertisers got in there and there's more supply or more demand
 than supply, then advertising costs got so expensive that newspapers no longer worked.
 So then we all shifted to direct mail and it was really cheap and inexpensive.
 And over time, when more people got in, supply and demand got more expensive and it got harder
 to make it work.
 Then we all shifted to TV and he's like, we did late night infomercials.
 And back then, you know, he's like, we could buy a late night spot for like 30 bucks.
 And so we were just killing all that.
 And infomercials media was cheap.
 It was inexpensive.
 They were killing it.
 And then what happened is over time, TV stations rise.
 These guys are making money off our open hours.
 They raised the prices and infomercials stopped working as well.
 And he's like, in this book, he goes media source by media source.
 Every single time the history is the same.
 And so I asked Dan, who were working on his book back and forth.
 I'm like, well, who are the people who win in this situation?
 When advertising costs on any media, whether it be TV, radio, direct mail, when the advertising
 costs three, four, 10X in the price, who's the ones who win?
 He said, the ones who win are the ones who have the deepest funnels.
 Whoever has the most money, whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins.
 And so right now, we are entering a digital age where the advertising costs are going
 up dramatically.
 OK?
 So many people, some of your peers and friends are not going to be in business the year from
 now.
 Right?
 This is the pattern.
 It happens over and over and over and over again.
 OK?
 We've had an easy last decade.
 Last decade has been amazing.
 Like Facebook ads are cheap.
 You, YouTube ads, everything was cheap.
 Right?
 Now things are getting more expensive.
 So how do you win?
 Well, the person who understands funnels are the best.
 The people who have the deepest funnels, whoever can spend the most money to acquire
 customer wins.
 And so you look at what we've done inside ClickFunnels.
 Inside ClickFunnels right now, because of the way we've restructured our funnels, taking
 them from good to great, we've learned so many amazing things on little tweaks and changes
 we need to do to make it amazing.
 About a year and a half ago, my inner circle is the very first time I presented this principle.
 And it's a principle thing as we talk about called the Linchpin.
 I showed my inner circle members and they're like, oh my gosh.
 I was like, yeah, this is how we're able to spend more money than anybody.
 We're spending more money now to acquire customers than we ever have because of how
 we shifted our funnels around.
 Last year of funnel hacking live, I hinted towards during one of my presentations I
 shared, like here's the Linchpin that we're doing.
 And people kind of freaked out.
 And then over the last 12 months, or not 12 months, how long did I face?
 Six months ago, seven months ago, however many days we took our entire two comical bikes,
 coaching program, inner circle, category, games, all our high-end coaching programs.
 And we transitioned people to this model of the Linchpin.
 And so this year's funnel hacking live is going to be focused, not so much on just here's
 a bunch of random different cool funnels you can use, but here's an overarching game plan
 on how you can outspend everybody.
 Okay?
 And the other half of it is if we can't outspend people, how do we get traffic for free?
 And so you're going to notice a lot of these themes happening this year is like how do
 we get organic free traffic and how do we get make paid ads work by making our funnels
 deeper and deeper and deeper using this concept of Linchpin.
 So I'm excited.
 That's kind of the game plan.
 So there's something that Russell nerding out as I go through and I've been building
 out this event.
 And if you guys know anything about funnel hacking live, it's not just like here's a
 bunch of random speakers.
 Like I choreographed all the speakers and the presentations in a certain way to give
 you guys a certain result of the end this year.
 I'm really proud of what we created.
 So with that said, you guys want me to jump in and talk about who's speaking?
 Yeah, yeah.
 All right.
 Everyone in zoom was excited.
 Okay.
 So here we go.
 Let's have some fun with this.
 So we did introduce our first keynote about a month ago.
 We announced Jocko is going to come speak and those who don't know Jocko here on a book
 called extreme ownership, which is one of the most powerful books I've ever read in my
 entire life.
 And I've tried for four years now to get Jocko to speak on stage and every single year it
 has not happened because he doesn't work in September.
 It takes a whole month off.
 And so we finally figured things around and there.
 He's like, there's only one day I can do it is day number one.
 I was like, done.
 So we signed the contract, send the whole bunch of money.
 He's gonna be on day number one to set the tone of the event.
 Now I'm bringing all my kids to funnel hacking live this year.
 And one of the reasons why is because I want my kids to understand this principle of
 extreme ownership.
 I want them in the room while Jocko is explaining this to them.
 So I want my kids to understand it.
 I want my team to understand it.
 I want our community to understand it.
 As soon as we shift away from this blaming culture that is so prevalent in the world
 right now and shift to extreme ownership, this is where we can take control of our lives,
 take control of our thoughts, take control of our businesses.
 And this is gonna be leading the event to get the frame correct.
 So as we're moving through the rest of the event, you guys will be prepared to take all
 the ownership, which when you do that is the only way you can actually cause change.
 So it's Emmecide for that.
 This is my business partner, co-founder of ClickFunnels Todd Dickerson.
 And Todd obviously he's gonna be there as well.
 So those are the only people we've announced so far.
 All the rest are just heads with question marks.
 So the very first speaker is someone once again is me.
 So there you go.
 Now I'm not gonna give you a big review but I do wanna talk about my first presentation
 is gonna be about 'cause I'm working on this.
 So I'm gonna start working on my very first personal development book now for almost two
 years and keep shifting and changing and all sorts of stuff.
 And I've shifted it again.
 And I'm really excited though.
 The premise of this presentation is your call to adventure, right?
 If you'll get any story, it starts with the call to adventure.
 The hero hears the call and they start on this process, right?
 For a lot of you guys, this is from how I can live is your call to adventure.
 Like you're literally leaving your ordinary world, living your home, you're coming to
 Funnel Hacking Life, hoping to find a guide and a tribe and a community and to get you
 to some result, right?
 And so that's where it's gonna begin.
 So I'm gonna be starting the journey there, taking you guys on this call to adventure,
 showing you how to prepare both mentally, physically to be able to have success inside
 of this framework, right?
 Entrepreneurship is not for the light heart.
 Time of year's know that, right?
 Entrepreneurship is not the easiest thing in the world, right?
 It is Steve Larson said this one time, he said it's the best personal development event
 you could possibly go to, because for you to start a business, you gotta go through
 all sorts of stuff.
 You have to learn about yourself, other people, psychology, sales, marketing, analytics,
 stuff, like you have to learn so much stuff to be successful business and it's so much
 fun, but it gets a lot, right?
 And so this is your call to adventure, right?
 So many of you are coming to this event, hoping for that.
 My job is to help give you guys the tools you need to be successful.
 So that's what I'm leading, I'm leading, right?
 That'd be the first thing I'm talking about.
 After that, as you know, my co-founder and partner Todd Dickerson will be there.
 I'm excited, Todd has been killing himself.
 I don't know how many of you guys have transitioned over to ClickFunnels 2.0 yet.
 I'm about a third of our customers right now have transitioned from 1.0 to 2.0 and 2.0
 is getting more and more amazing every single day.
 Like, I'm obsessed with it, I love it and they're working on some huge updates and behind
 the scenes stuff.
 A lot of AI things being weaved into every single thing.
 I don't want to ruin any surprises, but can you imagine if, like, instead of having to
 build a funnel, you could just tell, you know, you can just type what you wanted and just
 build the whole thing for you.
 There's some really cool things coming that they've been working on.
 He's, Todd, decided to share with you guys between all the updates and ClickFunnels.
 Last year at Fun Hiking Live, we showed a road map.
 Like, here's the thing, James, remember this had a big pitch and I'm like, here's the road
 map, everything that's done right now.
 Here's what we're trying to get done.
 And the majority of that road map is either done or mostly done.
 We're going to be showing a lot of guys that at Fun Hiking Live this year.
 We're releasing a lot of new tools and features and things to you guys by then and it's just
 going to be cool.
 So, it'll be me and Todd hanging out for sure, no matter what.
 And then after that, we got some other speakers.
 So, I'm going to jump in and see if I can, I got my teach to you here.
 Okay.
 So, our first speaker is on day number one.
 After I speak, after Todd speaks, I wanted to bring somebody who's been in our community.
 Like, how many of you guys, you're new to the ClickFunnels Funnel Hacker community?
 Where are our new people?
 Like, you're kind of newer, like maybe you're in here in the last year or so, but not yet
 been here for a decade with the rest of us, right?
 Okay.
 So, those are coming to new, it can be overwhelming, right?
 You show up, it's like, there's all these people and they're going crazy.
 There's people like, our tattooing ClickFunnels to arm and they got, like, ClickFunnels mohawks
 and suits and socks and like, everyone's dressing up to the nines, like, doing crazy
 stuff.
 Like, you show up, you're like, this is weird.
 What kind of cult am I in, right?
 And so, what I wanted to bring some people to Funnel Hacker Live who literally were near
 a spot like four or five years ago and they came in and they were overwhelmed, they were
 confused, they had all sorts of problems.
 Like, how would this, and they had a different type of business?
 Like, how would this actually fit for my business?
 Like, doesn't make any sense?
 And they joined my inner circle that worked them really close and for three or four years,
 they struggled.
 They couldn't figure out, like, how does this work for my specific business, right?
 Well, I guess, in fact, one of the biggest questions I get all the time is, like, how
 does ClickFunnels work for my own business, right?
 And that was what they had.
 And it took them a while and all of a sudden they figured it out.
 Boom, as soon as I figured it out, I watched their business go from, like, struggling,
 struggling, struggling, like, they figured it out within months.
 It was a two-com-a-cup award and then within, like, six months later, two-com-a-cup X award
 and kept going and going from there.
 And they were literally some of the people who came in, I think, the greenest.
 And now I've had some of the most success inside a ClickFunnels ecosystem.
 And so, as I teach you guys about this whole hero's journey and your call to adventure,
 I wanted to show you guys there, I wanted them to come and tell their story of their
 call to adventure and how they went through this process.
 Right here, the first two speakers coming on after will be, boom, Ryan Lee and Brad Gibbon.
 Again, these are two of some of my favorite people in the world.
 And they're going to be coming and showing you guys their story.
 They built the entire community of financial planners.
 Again, how to financial plan?
 You have to do with funnels.
 They did it.
 They built the community.
 They built the tribe.
 And they're going to tell their story and they're going to show you guys the process of
 what they did.
 And so by the time they're done, for any of you guys, you're like, "I don't know how
 this stuff's going to work for me."
 You're like, "Oh my gosh.
 It works for a business that literally should not work for funnels."
 And they built this thing into a multiple 2.com look of X award winner over and over and over
 again by following these principles in the process.
 The same thing you guys are going to be learning about during funnel hacking live.
 And so this will not only hopefully give you guys belief in this whole process, it's also
 going to give you a map.
 You're going to see exactly what they did, how they did it, and the order it went.
 And it will give you guys something to model as you're building out your businesses and
 your movements for your communities as well.
 So anyway, so that's the first set of speakers are Brad Gibbon, Ryan Lee.
 So let's give them a round of applause.
 I could go and like, I'm going to call it, it's cash flow tax.
 I could go and spend like an hour just going through the stuff I'm excited for me to talk
 about.
 But I don't want to root.
 I just want to tease you guys enough that you like, "Stop what you're doing now and
 go get your tickets to funnel hacking live."
 So that's starting it out.
 If there was just those guys speaking, it would still be worth a thousand bucks to get your
 ticket to funnel hacking live because those guys are powerhouses and they're amazing.
 And after we get that foundational stuff, the next thing we need after we've got the foundation
 stuff set in place is we need to go and get a whole bunch of traffic.
 And so, where's the app?
 So boom, the next person on stage is going to be Eric Thanes.
 Give Eric Plank Thanes a round of applause.
 Yeah.
 So Eric is someone who's been in our two-comical Vex coaching program, our inner circle for
 a long time.
 And this year in Mexico, we do our big mastermind in Paradise and he was there in Mexico.
 And I've seen a whole bunch of stuff he was doing with shorts.
 He has no like YouTube shorts and reels and what do they call me, the platforms.
 The short form videos, right?
 And now they're taking over the world from the best forms of free marketing you can possibly
 do right now.
 We've been investing tons of time and energy, money, and tutu as well.
 And Eric came and actually spoke in Mexico and showed the process and showed how he was
 doing it.
 And it was awesome for companies.
 Number one, everything on this was freaking out, taking notes like going that way.
 And then when it ended, it was so actionable.
 He showed everybody like that night, everybody was doing shorts and reels like from Mexico
 in the hotel, in the restaurant, like doing it because like they had a perfect process
 and a plan.
 I was in the back of the thing freaking out and he got him off stage.
 I grabbed him and I ended up hiring him.
 And actually I'm filming a whole bunch of reels with Eric and his team next Friday.
 And so not only is like he's the person's kind of pioneering this right now inside of
 our industry, inside of our community, I'm paying him to do it for me as well.
 So he's gonna be showing you guys how to create shorts and reels to get insane amounts
 of traffic customers and leads coming into your funnels.
 And so this is one of the best ways to start getting free traffic quickly.
 And his process and his framework is, is, it's magic.
 You guys will love it.
 So I mean, as a pump for Eric Dane coming.
 Yeah.
 So if you want tons of free traffic, you know, just make sure you're there for day number
 one.
 Do not miss day number one.
 It's gonna be awesome.
 Okay.
 All right.
 So after Eric Dane next is Jocko.
 We talked about Jocko and stream ownership.
 Again, that's what we're gonna be ending night number one is Jocko coming back and just
 blowing our minds and we will leave that day with a frame of just knowing exactly what
 to do and how to do it and take stream ownership.
 Okay.
 Day number two coming in and I want I'm gonna be sharing you guys a process.
 I think is it's a mindset shift in your business.
 Okay.
 So many of us me, excuse me included make our money one at a time.
 Like how many guys sell high ticket stuff?
 Are you so tan or 50 or 25,000 or things like, I have a high ticket business, right?
 Which is good, but it's, it's you make the money and then it's gone and you got to make
 it again.
 You make it, and I was in a business for a long time.
 I had a call center, 64 time salespeople selling high and coaching for me, right?
 And we were making a lot of money.
 Everything was happening.
 And then eventually we had to shut it down and they're all dried up and all the money
 was gone, right?
 It wasn't until I launched this little company may have heard of called ClickFunnels and I
 started getting continuity income, right?
 Residual income where people paid me every single month.
 That my mindset shifted and I was like, oh my gosh, I would rather have somebody signing
 up for a free trial, pay me $97 a month than someone signing a $25,000 contract because
 that person shows up month after month after month, right?
 And the first month we got, you know, having, so we got 20 members in ClickFunnels month
 two got 40 then 100 then 200 then 500 then 1000 then 10,000 then 30,000.
 And what was amazing was what we call inside our office, Compounding Continuity.
 He has probably heard of compounding interest before.
 I think it was Einstein said compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world.
 Okay, I have a map that I put together like the revenue from compounding interest versus
 compounding continuity and compounding continuity is infinity times better than compounding interest.
 Okay, and so I'm going to be teaching us how do you have compounding continuity, right?
 Every single one of you should have some type of continuity program in your business and
 then you have the continuity and you're doing compounding continuity that will grow and
 get bigger and bigger and bigger, right?
 Every single morning you actually wake up and get your phone off your bed, stand, you
 look at your thing and stripe notifies you with how much money made the day before, right?
 The goal for you is every morning you wake up, first you look at the thing and you have
 the notification from stripe on your phone, it's like, oh, you made X amount of dollars,
 you're like, huh, I just woke up, I didn't start working yet, I made that much because
 my continuity hit in.
 The next day wake up and boom that's in there again, next day and every single day I want
 that happening if you guys were that continuity is compounding and growing and growing and growing
 so every morning you wake up, before you even start of the day, you already have made enough
 money that you won't even have to work the rest of the day if you don't want it, okay?
 That's the goal of my presentation and I think this mindset shift and how to look at your
 business a little bit differently is to change everything for you guys, so compounding continuity.
 After that I'm going to have some of my friends who are killing it with continuity come out
 and share some things so the first person is going to be coming and sharing is Mr. Stu
 McLaren, so Stu is the king of membership sites, I love Stu.
 In fact, my entire family and my kids were going to Kenya in like two months with Stu and his
 family to go build schools with money that you guys have helped donate to Village Impact.
 You guys might not know this, every time you build a funnel inside a ClickFunnels and a funnel
 goes live, we donate a dollar to Village Impact and that money goes directly to the organization
 that Stu McLaren and his wife started and we build schools, we build dozens and dozens of
 schools over in Kenya for these kids and so I'm taking my wife and kids and our entire family
 were flying out there this year, my kids can see what you guys are doing in this community and
 be able to help these kids build schools and it's going to be amazing. So Stu is the king of
 continuity though and Stu is the company and I'm going to show you guys, after I've kind of
 showed you guys the process with compounding continuity, he's going to show you guys a simple
 way to structure your membership sites that actually makes it easy for you. I ran this
 trap a year and a half ago when I launched my first continuity program, it wasn't like
 software ClickFunnels and I tried to do the mistake that most of us are going to try to do,
 which is I'm going to give these people everything and give a million hours worth of all your time
 and training and content and then people don't stick. I told him, my membership site is not working,
 why? And he's like, well you gave him too much stuff, you got to structure it differently and
 he showed me the way to structure it, it was so simple, so much easier, so angry, I didn't
 listen to him initially and now I have, I think we have four membership sites rolling out the
 next four months in different markets and all of them are following these process, he's going to
 show you guys the simple way to structure it so it doesn't kill you as a creator if you decide to
 do a membership site. And so that's going to Mr. Stu McClellan and then after Stu comes out,
 how many of you has like the idea of continuity in your business, residual income?
 How many of you has like the idea of high ticket residual income even more? Oh, oh,
 because like $100 a month is really good but $1,000 a month is even better or $5,000 a
 month is even better, right? And so I was like, well how do we show people that
 continuity doesn't just mean a $30 a month membership or $100 a month membership, like you
 can have high ticket, $1,000 a month, $2,000 a month or more, but you have to structure
 how you do things differently. Now you don't change the content, this is the big key,
 the way you structure content from Stu will not change but the way you deliver the content
 can change the price from $100 a month to $1,000 a month or beyond by how you structure
 differently. And so I learned this actually while I was in Mexico at Mastermind Paradise,
 one of my friends got on stage and we have a group called Atlas that people pay $250,000
 a part of it, he's a member of the Atlas group and in passing it's like, oh, we changed our coaching
 program and we did this instead and he explained it and I freaked out, you guys my team, I was like,
 for the next three days I was just like, explain this again to me, he's like, dude, I already did,
 I'm like, one more time. And right now I'm in the process of shifting four of our companies to this
 process because we can charge so much more. So the person is going to be speaking, Mr. Garrett
 Weiss coming in, he's going to do a shorter session and don't worry Garrett will be coming
 back in the end, so don't stress, basically coming in and showing you guys how he shifted
 the content to a facilitated content process that gives you the ability to charge way more
 for your continuity. So high-tech continuity is all about not making new stuff but the way you
 deliver it and he's going to show you guys this process called facilitated memberships that just
 change everything. In fact, you will see me between now and fun hacking live in at least one of maybe
 two businesses that you guys will see publicly launched when we're shifting all of the content
 to this facilitated method which you guys will love. So Garrett will be showing you that secret
 which again, the people made $250,000 of you in the Alice group, they're the only ones who
 understand it right now and now you guys at Funnack and I will understand it well as well.
 He's going to go deep through the method, the process, the scripts, all that kind of stuff.
 It will blow your mind. It's so simple and so powerful. I think it will change everything for
 you guys. So that's only the first seven, like holy cow, like that's worth the thousand bucks.
 You guys cool with that? Like we can just cancel the rest of the line and we just network in the
 hallways and we still got our money's worth, right? But we're just getting started and there's way
 more. Okay. So after we show that, the next question is like, okay, how do we get traffic, right?
 I told you before Eric Day is talking about reels, how do we get free traffic. But again,
 I'm a big believer right now and hopefully he doesn't hear me. I don't like Mark Zuckerberg
 that much anymore. Like keep on the down though. But I do not want to keep giving him money.
 I gave him so much money and then he's just a jerk to me and you and my friends. So the question
 we had is like, how do we bypass Mark Zuckerberg and get money directly to the creators who are
 running on these platforms who can actually convert higher than Mark Zuckerberg can. And then he gets
 zero dollars from the whole process. And so I was like, who is the best in the world at this? And so
 there's a company, the guy who runs a company right now, and he does this for the biggest influencers
 in the world. He manages, I can't remember this, it's like, it's like $50 million a month in ad spend
 going to influencers. We just signed a contract with him right now and we are having him go out
 and source influencers for our businesses and driving traffic. So I get to bypass Mark Zuckerberg
 and go directly to his influencers. He's I think the biggest in the industry doing this
 really cool, really humble guy who I'm excited is going to be coming and speaking. And so he is
 right here. So Dan Fleischman is becoming, he's showing us how he does what he does,
 which is really, really cool. Now it's cool about two things. Number one, he's going to show you
 the process. You can learn it. So you can literally start going bypassing Mark Zuckerberg and go
 directly to influencers, negotiate deals. So you can get them to promote your products and services,
 which is really cool. You can pay them up front. You can do partnerships with them, a whole bunch
 of stuff. But literally their companies are being built now $100 million in billion companies that
 haven't paid a dollar or penny in Facebook, YouTube, anything to go directly to the influencers. And
 he's going to show you that process. And some of you guys have bigger businesses. You can like do
 it. We're doing a higher in him and just seem to do the whole thing for you guys. So it's a powerful,
 powerful strategy that I think you guys are going to love. And I said, Dan's doing it at a scale
 that nobody else on the internet is right now. Like he, he, he was showing me the stats of numbers
 when we were hiring him to do this for us. And it's just crazy how many people. So I'm like,
 he needs to be here. A lot of people are asking me, haven't heard him or heard him speak before.
 But we want to Dan to come and show you guys this process. So Dan Fleischman is up next.
 So after, after Dan shows you how to get traffic from all these influencers,
 then the next speaker, someone who, um, this woman who I've been watching for a long time,
 uh, she is, uh, lives here in Boise and she has a different kind of business, right?
 She has a blog and she did most of his blogging for a long time. And then a little while ago,
 she wrote a cookbook and I was excited because the first time she had ever actually used a funnel,
 she had done doing blogging stuff and then she like got a cookbook built out of funnel and
 they started driving traffic and they were doing well with this, with this cookbook funnel.
 And then she decided like, of all the traffic strategies, like I want to learn how to use YouTube.
 And so she started geeking out of YouTube and she started focusing on it and, um, started, um,
 making YouTube videos for, um, her cookbook. I'm not going to tell you too much details,
 but it's a cookbook on how to, uh, do air fryer recipes and started doing YouTube and she started
 kind of stumbling through it and learning it and figuring it out. And she does YouTube videos by
 herself, holding her own camera at her home, um, and then uploads them and, um, over the first
 couple months, they get a lot of traffic and they started, excuse me, growing and growing and
 growing to venture the now, like she posts videos and they will get millions of views.
 Okay. Imagine a traffic source where the platform pays you six figures to post
 a video and then sends millions of people to your funnel for you. It doesn't make any logical sense.
 Like literally doesn't. It's crazy. I wouldn't have believed it. She was in Mexico at our
 mastermind in Paradise Retreat and she got on stage and she showed it. She showed screenshots.
 Here's this. Here's this. Here's the video. Here's what I did. Here's how much I got paid for this
 video. I was like, I paid for this video. Here's the traffic. I went to my funnel. Like, we were
 all flipping out so much so that I'm like, I'm rebuilding my YouTube strategy and my entire channel
 and changing everything, uh, because of this. It's, it's amazing. So her name is Kathy Oder. So
 Kathy's been becoming and speaking and showing you guys this process. Um, and what's amazing
 about this was like a lot of you guys have done YouTube ads in the past with different things.
 Like her strategy, the way she's doing it is so simple. It's so powerful. Like you'll watch that.
 Her presentation of like, this is ridiculous. I want to do this all day long. Uh, literally,
 like I am, well, I'll go deep, but we are relaunching a YouTube channel based on, uh, what I learned
 from Kathy showing this in Mexico. And, um, and so I want you guys all having this tool. Okay.
 Because if you could be posting videos, getting paid up front to create the video and then you get
 traffic, like it's the best of all the worlds, right? Once again, bypassing Zuckerberg,
 because he gets none of our money anymore. Okay. So, uh, Kathy's gonna be amazing. I'm so excited for
 to show stuff with you guys. Um, and, uh, and she's, yeah, she's awesome. So, uh, Kathy's coming
 right after Kathy, um, last year's for how many years of last year's for Naculai, by the way,
 for your last year's raise your hand, two hands, if you have the greatest time of your entire life,
 let's go. Um, so, um, at last year's, um, for Naculai, there was a presentation I did on stage that was
 like probably the most fun I've ever had on stage in my entire career. And, um, it was with Steve
 Larson. We did this presentation called dramatic demonstrations. How do you guys remember this
 presentation? We had so much fun with it. It was, it was so much fun. And this year's we're putting
 it at a finality live. Me and Steve have been geeking out. We're actually working on a book
 project together, making a book about dramatic demonstrations. We're talking back and forth about
 it. And there's one piece of the formula that like the most people missed. And it's the part that
 I think is the most important. And I talked to Steve, I was like, I want to do a co presentation
 again with you on this topic. We're going deep on just this one piece of the dramatic demonstrations
 that is the key that like will change everything for people. And, you know, he was like, I don't know.
 Yes, I would love to. And so I was like, me too. So we got Steve Larson is gonna be up next. Mr.
 Capital's picking himself Steve Larson and me coming. Uh, and, uh, we go deep into dramatic
 demonstrations, showing us more ways to do this, which will be really fun. And then I wanted to
 show you guys, cause a lot of times, at last we talked about dramatic demonstrations. And
 those who've gone through any of the linchpin training, I was talking about dramatic demonstrations, a lot
 of times I say it's like a challenge or webinar, right? Have you guys like dramatic demonstrations
 a challenge or webinar? Like, yes, it can be a challenge or webinar, but it doesn't have to be
 just a challenge or webinar. It can literally just be anything. Like, this is a dramatic demonstration,
 right? Have you guys met my birthday party March 8th? We had a birthday party for me in this office.
 My birthday was a dramatic demonstration. I was like, it's my birthday. You guys come register
 for webinar. And so people register for webinar to come have a birthday party with me. Like,
 there wasn't even a good hook. We just like, it's my birthday coming out with me. And we end up
 getting, I can't remember how many, four or five thousand registered for my birthday party.
 From that 411 people joined ClickFunnels on the thank you page. And then we did a birthday party
 bash. And that was it, right? So like, dramatic demonstration can be simple. Like, it's my birthday
 today or it's, it's my favorite U.S. sleep fighters fighting tonight. We should do a dramatic demonstration
 or it's, you know, the final foreign basketball this week, like, it can be simple and easy. And so
 our next two speakers, these guys are actually in my category Kings group. And, man, they are
 killing it in their business and they're so much fun to watch. They model a lot of what we're doing
 in the ClickFunnels world, but doing it in the investment world. And, and they were at the last
 category Kings meeting, which is here inside this room. And they started showing us all these
 dramatic demonstrations they were doing that were really quick ones based on just funny things
 were happening in the media or things they were passionate about. And they use that to sell over
 2,500 tickets to their live event in the investing space, all doing these little fun quick drag
 demonstrations that took like 15 minutes to plan. They launch it, get it under traffic sales leads
 and go next one, next one, next one. And after they got done speaking here showing the category
 King group, we're all freaking out as like, dude, you guys want to show all that stuff
 on a high-key live like people will melt down. And they're like, yes, we love to you. So,
 we've got Mason and Bridger are going to be speaking showing all of the dramatic demonstrations,
 these little mini short form drag demonstrations they're doing inside their business and just
 giving you guys ideas that like so many cool things you guys can do. In fact, one of the promotions we
 did this week learned it from these guys during the category King thing. So, yeah, just say that.
 I practice what I preach. I learn the stuff that I implement as fast as I can. So, anyway,
 you guys will love them. They have so much energy that's so fun. And they are in a market that's
 typically how to stay nice Lee. Actually, similar, like the marketing market before we came in,
 if you guys have went to old marketing events, like it was kind of like an old person like tired
 kind of thing like the events for that way. And we came in and I was like, so excited. I got
 everyone excited. Like, now marketing events are fun again, right? It was kind of same to me in
 their market. Like their market's older and like just nothing wrong that was just tired. Like,
 you know, the typical event like people are there to suit and ties and they're like half asleep.
 You go to Bridger Mason's event like it's like funnel hacking live in that market. And like,
 it's just that you're in love and they're super cool. Okay. After that, we got someone who's been
 in funnel hacking even for a long, long time, the inner circle for a long time. One of the most
 cares and people I've ever, I've ever seen. I know I've wanted him to speak a funnel hacking live
 for multiple years in a row, but there's never was like the right fit. And this is a common
 thing. I was a lot people like, why don't you let me speak a funnel hacking live? I'm like,
 it has to fit the process I'm trying to teach at the event. And just in the past, we weren't
 any times like really just like was perfect. And this year it was perfect. And so he was actually
 the first person I asked to speak this year, funnel hacking live. Some of you guys know him.
 Boom, meo. So this is the my Davis. Some of you guys know him. One of the best speakers,
 trainers, you guys are going to love him. So he's going to be coming up and he's going to be
 showing you guys unique ways to get traffic to your funnels. He spoke in our inner circle event
 last month here in Boise. And it was really cool because I asked him, I was like, I know that you
 get traffic in a lot of different ways. Like you show these ways. He's like, sure, like spur of
 the moment gets on stage and drops nine, nine different ways. He gets traffic. There were ways
 I hadn't even thought of before. And like buying other people's Instagram channels and doing like
 he has one idea that he shared that I don't want to ruin his presentation. Like it was crazy.
 You will see me doing it very, very soon. That's that's the hint. So you guys will see me doing
 all this stuff because I've had to start on you all. And then you're going to see it at
 Fonnocki line, but like, oh, that's what Russell's doing. And then you're going to do it at the same
 time as me. And like, we'll all be partying together. Nobody else knows what's happening,
 except for all of us. Okay. One thing about Fonnocki line, like don't tell people about it.
 Who aren't Fonnocki line? What we're doing. Okay. We're already like three years ahead of all the
 other marketing events. Right. So you get the cutting edge. If you don't tell anybody, like we
 had another three years for even figure out what in the world we're doing. Okay. All of our
 competitors are sending like their teams to our events and stuff. We're trying to kick them out
 and keep them, weed them out because anyway, it's reality. It's like literally what happens. So yes,
 James said what happens to FHL stays in FHL. Ken, so Neil's going to be speaking. You guys are
 going to love him and just show up ready to like take a lot of notes and like just unique ways.
 You never thought about like, I would have never in a million years thought that that would work
 your traffic or that or that gets it's something that's going to blow your mind. So I'm excited for
 him to speak. Okay. After him, then we got someone who is like someone I've been friends with for
 men five or six years now, ton of respect for him. He actually we do an event for young kids called
 unlock the secrets and he came to last unlock secrets event and spoke and it was really cool because
 obviously half the reason why I do this is for my kids, right. And my kids are always like,
 they're too cool. My dad's not cool. Whatever. So I do the unlock secrets family events. So my
 kids can come like learn from people who aren't me. And so I had this guy come and speak and I
 remember, you know, my kids are like me. They're all over the place, you know. And I remember when
 this guy came out and started speaking, my daughter sat in front with a notepad and she was like
 zoned in took notes. Everything he said. I was watching her. She connected with him. And I was just
 like, Oh my gosh, like my daughter's listening to this stuff. I have like, wanting her to understand
 and just say, and he's one of the best speakers I ever seen when most motivational people,
 he's someone who will give you a transformation. Okay, you guys come to fun like live, yes, to learn
 stuff, but you're also coming for transformation. How do we shift ourselves? How do we how do we
 make the changes we need in our life to become who we've been called to be? Right. And so our
 next speaker, Sotemma Golly, which is right here, boom. He looks kind of like the rock, but he's way
 cooler than rock and could beat up the rock and fight. So Sotemma's coming to speak. I said, he will
 he will transform you. The time he has happened to spend with Sotemma will be will be worth this
 weight and gold. You know, my favorite people on this planet, my favorite speakers,
 someone who's transformed my kids, he's in transform you. If you have your young people with you
 there too, he is amazing. So I'm pumped to have Sotemma there this year, which would be awesome.
 After that, we have a late night session. It would be a lot of fun. We decided to bring back,
 I don't know, one of my, one of my mentors, you know, someone who I learned all the stuff from.
 The last three years has been an honor. A lot of years know I had a chance to buy Dan Kennedy's
 company. And the last three years, I had a chance to have Dan Kennedy come and speak. I'm excited
 this year we have Dan coming back and well. So Dan Kennedy's going to be speaking, coming back,
 and Jim Edwards is going to be interviewing on stage. If you guys watched Jim and Dan,
 they did interview last year on stage. And it was one of the funniest, most amazing things ever.
 And so this is the Dan and Jim duo. And it's fun because me and Jim have a really unique opportunity.
 Once a month, Jim and I get on a call with Dan and we get to pick his brain for two hours once a month.
 And anyway, I was just like, I love watching Jim interview Dan because it's, first off,
 it's hilarious, but man, he pulls out the best things. And so I'm doing a really cool interview,
 specifically on dramatic demonstrations. I want you guys to see more examples and case studies
 that people, you know, obviously, we used to talk about like PT Barnum area people and then people
 nowadays, but there's all these people in the middle that are doing cool stuff that Dan's going
 to be sharing and curious, case studies and examples and stuff for you as models well in your
 dramatic demonstrations, which would be really cool. Okay. So boom, there's Dan Kennedy and Jim Edwards.
 All right. We're only halfway through my friends. You guys still excited to,
 if you haven't got your tickets now, this is the water break for us to get some water during the
 water break. What I would recommend you do is open up a brand new tab and go to www.fondylhackinglive.com
 and go get your tickets right now. And don't just get taken for yourself, get one for you and for
 your spouse, bring your kids, bring your coworkers, bring the entire team because one of the hardest
 things you can do. I feel like I learned this very first time I went to Tony Robbins event.
 Okay. Have you guys been to Tony Robbins event? I went to Tony Robbins event. I walked on fire. I
 drank the Kool-Aid. I was like, Oh, I came home and I was so excited. I'm like, this is amazing.
 Like my life has changed. I look around all my friends and my family members and they're like,
 what happened to you? I'm like, I don't know, but I feel amazing. They're like, you're weird. I'm like,
 but like, I'm just trying to get them all excited. And there's like, I don't know, but you got to
 tone it down. Like, but I can't tone it down. I'm changing the world like, duh. And like,
 and it was this whole fight for like three or four months and finally I was like,
 Klet, I love you. I need to take you somewhere. And I got all my other friends around and I took
 all my friends and my loved ones and my wife and her, her parents and her sister and everyone. I
 said, we're going to Tony Robbins event. We all flew together and we walked out of fire together.
 We freaked out together. And then guess what? We came back and then we were all on fire together.
 It wasn't just me trying to convince everybody else. So let your people like bring the people who
 matter to you to the event. If you got a spouse, who's like, I don't understand, bring your spouse.
 We've got friends, family, coworkers, like bring the people here because you're catching on fire
 together. You're meeting. This is where you're going to get like, harms and buy in from your
 significant other from things like that. Bring your teenagers. Like, this is a thing for youth as
 well. Like, young entrepreneurs are huge. We had, I think we've had five or six teenagers who won
 two comic club award. Like, it's not just for, for me as the business owner. Like, this is a family
 event outside of one speaker. So, every year he promises me. But this guy might swear, but
 your kids are on to come to Garrett's session. But all the rest of them are be family friendly.
 So it's going to be awesome. We're still going. How am I going for? If I'm going for an hour?
 We're going to over an hour? Holy moly, it takes me an hour to announce the speakers. Keep
 managing the value and get from these speakers. This is crazy. Anyway, I'm going to drink right
 now. Why get drink of water? Go to funnelhockeylive.com and go get your tickets for you and everyone you
 love.
 Ooh, okay. There you are. There's the first couple days of funnelhacking live. I didn't want to get
 overwhelmed with the entire thing. So we'll save the last half of the speakers for next,
 our next episode. But if you don't have your tickets yet, go to funnelhockeylive.com and get
 your tickets. We are like 100 days away from the event going live. I don't make sure you guys are
 there. That's going to be a lot of fun. So once again, go get your tickets to funnelhockeylive.com.
 With that said, I appreciate you listening and we'll see you on the next episode.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
