 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody?
 This is Russell.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 I'm actually recording this introduction.
 I'm in Mexico right now.
 So in the background, I have to hear waterfalls and rivers.
 That's why the middle nature eating guacamole and having the time of my life.
 So we are about to do our two combo club X slash inner circle slash category
 king slash Atlas mastermind in paradise.
 And so we've got about five or 600 funnel hackers all flying out to beautiful Mexico
 for next week for meetings and masterminds and having fun out here in paradise and
 really excited.
 So we came a week early this year with my kids because last year they wanted to come
 and we did bring them.
 And so their spring break is right now so we're doing spring break with my kids.
 And then this weekend is when all of the coaching groups show up.
 So we're excited.
 But anyways, since you guys aren't here in Mexico with us, well, 600 of you are.
 But for the rest of you guys who aren't here with us, I feel a little bad.
 I want you guys here.
 This is where you need to be.
 This is where entrepreneurs grow and develop and become the kind of entrepreneurs
 who can change the world.
 And so I want you guys here, but since you're not here, what I thought I would do is
 give you guys a cool gift.
 So you guys cool if I over it over for the next two weeks?
 Okay, so while I'm here in Mexico, it's every of my normal podcast of me sharing insights
 and ideas.
 But I wanted to say is I wanted to share you guys a presentation from Funnel Hacking Live.
 And this is not just any presentation.
 This is the most important presentation I think I've ever given.
 It is a presentation on showing a framework that we call the Lynch Pin.
 And you've probably heard me talk about the Lynch Pin or you've heard other people talking
 about it.
 You've heard people in the ClickFunnels community.
 I first introduced this about 18 months ago to my inner circle.
 I shared them and I didn't tell anybody else.
 And then after I shared it, then I started doubling down on ClickFunnels, like reshifting
 everything to follow this specific framework.
 And then I decided at FHL this last year to share it.
 It's full detail.
 And so we shared it.
 But what people didn't know behind the scenes is at the same time, we took the entire two
 comical effects coaching program and we rebuilt it to sync with this Lynch Pin framework.
 And then my inner circle, my category is the Atlas.
 Everybody is focusing on this Lynch Pin framework.
 It was in cool with over the last seven or eight months since FHL.
 Right now me and I am aggressively doing it in like eight different companies.
 On top of that, we've got a whole bunch of like hundreds of other people doing it now
 in every industry.
 In fact, I saw yesterday Christine Morel launched Mickey for Musicians, which was so cool.
 And anyway, it's just kind of fun seeing it now being replicated in so many different
 markets.
 But we always joke, because it Lynch Pin is the way, kind of like the Mandalorian, where
 he's like, this is the way.
 And so this is what the Lynch Pin is.
 And you're going to be talking a lot more about it.
 In fact, we have a book coming out called Lynch Pin.
 It's going to be teaching this framework.
 But this FHL was the first time I really kind of shared it publicly with people.
 And the people who got it freaked out and they joined the coaching program knowing that
 we'd be focusing on that for the next year.
 And so we've been doing that.
 And what's cool is that since this presentation is continuing to evolve and grow and like mature
 now, there's hundreds of people's minds all kind of playing with it.
 And this week in the Mastermind Paradise, the entire week is broken down to each day.
 We get together and we're going to focus on one piece of Lynch Pin.
 Like just continuity, just Smith, just dramatic demonstrations, just challenge, just webinar,
 just how to take it, like all these different pieces.
 And we've got cool speakers all sharing some of the best practices that they're doing.
 Anyway, so it's going to be insane.
 It's going to be amazing.
 That's what's happening over this week.
 And so I want to catch you guys up because obviously you're going to be getting the things
 that are happening here in the room, in the Mastermind yet.
 But this will at least give you the ability to catch up to where we're all at, which is
 understanding this framework called Lynch Pin.
 You may be wondering, well, what is the Lynch Pin?
 How does this fit into everything else Russell's top?
 I think Steve Larson said it best.
 He said the Lynch Pin is basically taking the value ladder and putting rules around it.
 And so you'll see that as you kind of go through it.
 That's kind of game plan.
 So I'm going to break this up in two weeks and listen to the first half of the Lynch
 Pin presentation, which is going to go deep into some of the core philosophies that make
 Lynch Pin work.
 It's going to talk about continuity, talk about the Miffki and some of the beginning
 things.
 And then next week, I'm going to let you guys listen to the second half of it, which is
 going to start going into dramatic demonstrations and other cool things as well.
 So it's going to be amazing.
 It's going to be awesome.
 I hope you guys enjoy it.
 And this is one of the things you may have listened to two or three times to really grasp
 the power of it.
 You know, this is one of the things I wish I could fly at your home and like grab you
 by the ears and hold your head and be like, listen to this.
 This is that important.
 Everything we're doing now inside of our companies is going to fit into this Lynch Pin framework
 or we get rid of it.
 This is including our supplement companies, our software companies, our info publishing
 companies.
 Any partnerships do everything fits into Lynch Pin and we don't do it.
 That's how vital and how important it is.
 It was crazy is that, you know, I'm sure for most of you guys for the last two years, we've
 been all struggling, being profitable in ads ever since the iOS, Apple, Facebook update
 things has been harder.
 And since we've gone down hardcore in incorporating this Lynch Pin formula and framework I'll be
 sharing with you guys, we are positive on our ad spend day one in most of our campaigns
 and then the ones that are going to lead into a dramatic demonstration were like positive
 within the first seven days on our ROAS, which is crazy.
 I think it's insane.
 So it changes the game.
 I talk a lot about the evolution of offers, but from having a product to an offer, to
 a funnel, to a value adder.
 This is like the next evolution from a value adder to Lynch Pin, which will give you the
 ability to outspend all of your customers.
 So it's as worth studying and restudying when the book comes out later this year, go
 and buy in the book and then joining the coaching programs and being indoctrinated deep with
 me and all the funnel hackers who see the vision of what we're doing.
 So anyway, for those who aren't here in Mexico, we miss you, but this is something you kind
 of start jumping into, start learning what we're geeking out on and going deep on here
 inside the mastermind group.
 So that's it.
 Hope you guys enjoy this first half of the episode of my presentation on the Lynch Pin
 at funnel hacking lab.
 So second presentation now I want to give you guys is called the Lynch Pin.
 This is something that again, I only tell you I shared this publicly was the major circle
 by eight months ago.
 And then again, after I shared it, our team starts freaking out.
 We started going back to all of our businesses and retweeting things.
 And I'm going to show you guys behind the scenes of all these businesses.
 You see how it actually works.
 But it is like, I think one of the most powerful things that we stumbled upon and then I forgot
 about and then we re stumbled upon it again.
 How many of you guys have ever had something where you do it and it's really, really successful
 and then you forget about it and you stop doing it?
 Yeah.
 What does Stu say yes or Dave one?
 She was like, if something works, do more of it.
 If it doesn't work, do less of it, right?
 So this is one of those things.
 So literally, as I said in the title slide, it's the number one secret to Cliff
 Funnels.
 This is what the linchpin looks like.
 If I was just a doodler on a board.
 And I'm going to go walk through all the pieces of this in a lot of details to see how
 they all work, how they fit together.
 But this is the structure of the business.
 And I will show you how literally this is the structure of ClickFunnels.
 It's the structure of magnetic marketing now.
 This is the structure of all of the different companies we're acquiring.
 All the companies we're building.
 All follows this exact same process and model.
 You're welcome.
 How do you even told you what it is yet?
 It's amazing.
 I promise.
 It's going to be cool.
 In fact, all of the current 2CCX members, I did a little private webinar with them last
 week.
 I was like, here's the framework.
 I showed it.
 I wouldn't show them the whole thing.
 So for those of you guys who've been waiting for like two weeks, there's the framework.
 Now we're going to go get into it.
 Okay.
 You're welcome.
 I told them like, this is the most amazing thing I've ever shared.
 And I wouldn't share it because I wanted to share it with you guys all together at
 once.
 Step number one, you have to understand this whole process.
 Step number one is called continuity or subscription.
 Okay.
 Most of us call it continuity in the market.
 I know that's a techno-babble word.
 So what continuity is, is basically someone signs up for something and you get billed month
 after month after month.
 Okay.
 Netflix is a continuity program.
 Okay.
 Disney Plus is a continuity program.
 When you sign up for once, you pay every single month.
 Okay.
 So step number one is continuity.
 Now this is a key principle.
 Like everything I'm going to tell you guys, the rest of them from the here at the end of
 the day, all hinges on this one principle that I learned from David Fry.
 Okay.
 And if you understand this, it is the key to everything.
 David told me, said, if you don't have continuity, you don't have a business.
 You say it again.
 If you don't have continuity, you don't have a business.
 You just have a promotion or a campaign.
 Okay.
 Prior to ClickFunnels, I made a lot of money.
 I lost a lot of money.
 Made a lot of money, lost a lot of money.
 I was always tired.
 We were doing big launches and big downs, right?
 Until we had ClickFunnels, which is an actual continuity program where people sign up and
 they pay monthly, where it took the pressure off of me and I could go back to creating,
 having fun, which has been the last eight years of my life, right?
 Continuity is the key.
 And like I said, with David said, if you don't have continuity, you don't have a business.
 Okay.
 I'm curious.
 In this room right now, how many guys raise your hand, have continuity in your business,
 raise your hand.
 Very good.
 How many guys don't have continuity in your business right now?
 We're at 50/50.
 Okay.
 It's good.
 So those of you guys who do have continuity, we're going to triple down on it today.
 Those who don't yet, it's going to become the focal point moving forward.
 Okay.
 So we have different types of continuity.
 My favorite, by the way, as you probably know, is SaaS.
 SaaS stands for software as a service.
 Okay.
 Back in the day, the way that software was sold, someone would sign up for Oracle or
 these big software programs, they'd pay $10 million.
 They'd come in, they'd connect to software and it's really expensive.
 Salesforce was the company that changed this.
 They were the first company who didn't charge $10 million to use their CRM.
 They shifted the thing and it changed the entire market to SaaS, software as a service.
 So instead, it said sign up and it's like $500 a month for every single seat you have.
 Right?
 And they started building continuity.
 If you look at all the companies now in the, like all the big companies that transitioned
 to this, right, back in the day, Photoshop and Microsoft, all these things, you just buy
 the software, $500 you have the software.
 Now if you notice, all of them are all shipped into SaaS.
 There's a reason.
 It's more stable business model.
 It's nice waking up every single morning knowing the money's coming through.
 Okay.
 Just, I want to paint it.
 I don't want to, this is not an income claim that I'm scared to be talking about, but
 I want to paint a picture of this for you.
 Okay.
 We launched ClickFunnels.
 We started getting people signing up and we got it where they're consistently signing
 up.
 It was cool because on your phone, Emmys have stripe on your phone.
 Like strip it sends you message every day about how much money you made the day before.
 Right?
 So best thing is you wake in the morning, you look at the phone, you pick it up and you
 just glance really quick and you're like, "Ha, nice."
 Right?
 I don't have to work today if I don't want to, but I'm going to, but that's really nice.
 And I remember the process looking at where it was like $1,000 a day.
 And I'm like, "We have arrived $1,000 a day."
 And then it was like $2,000 a day.
 Right?
 And then it was like $5,000 a day.
 And then $10,000 a day.
 And then $30,000 a day.
 And then $50,000 a day.
 I remember the first time it started breaking $100,000 a day.
 I'm like, "That used to be a good month for me.
 Now that's what happens before I wake up."
 Right?
 And then $200,000 a day.
 $250,000.
 $300,000 a day.
 Like, it is amazing.
 It's the best way to wake up in the morning.
 How do you have a bad day after that?
 You know what I mean?
 Okay?
 I want this and all of you guys.
 This is why continuity is so important because all of this stuff is amazing.
 Right?
 Everything else, but if you look at your business through this lens, everything we're doing
 in our business is all focused on one thing and one thing only and it's to build up our
 continuity income.
 Okay?
 All the rest of it's great.
 And there's a place in it.
 I'll show you in the model.
 There's a place for high ticket stuff.
 There's a place for events.
 There's a place for challenges.
 There's a place for all the things.
 But all of them have one and only one focal point, which is to build up your continuity.
 Okay?
 So SaaS is my favorites.
 Okay?
 Print newsletters are great.
 Dan Kennedy's company.
 He's been running this since 1996 was the very first issue of the No BS newsletter came
 out.
 Okay?
 The reason why I bought the company outside the fact I wanted to hang out with Dan Kennedy,
 which will be honest.
 That was the real reason.
 The second reason why I bought it though is because it had a continuity program in place.
 Okay?
 It came at the time with, I can't remember how many, a thousand or so active members who
 were paying monthly for this newsletter.
 I said, cool, we just got to grow that.
 Like, that's the business.
 I don't know what you're thinking.
 I'm not going to do a product launch.
 Dan's not going to do product launch videos with me, right?
 We have this base.
 We have this thing.
 Now we're just going to focus on scaling the one thing that matters, which is continuity.
 Okay?
 So print newsletters are amazing.
 Supplements.
 How many of you guys are in supplement business?
 Yeah.
 I love supplements.
 We have, I think, three supplement companies we bought or are launching this year.
 And they're, no, through you bought.
 Yeah.
 We bought a green-green company, a bone broth company, and then Harmee has heard the news.
 Do you guys know that we bought Lady Boss?
 So because continuity supplements, so I love supplements.
 I'll tell that story another day, but supplement companies are great because continuity, like
 I love continuity businesses.
 Box of the month clubs.
 Okay?
 Are great.
 This is actually Mark Rober is a YouTuber who's really good.
 And my kids and I love watching his videos.
 Like he's so much fun to watch.
 And like a month ago or so, he launched the Box of the Month Club where every single month
 you get in the box and you get these gadgets and you make these cool things.
 And I was sitting there watching a video with my little buddy, Aiden, who was the one who
 came out here as Bruno LeBoule on day number one, doing the cartwheels.
 And he got excited.
 I got excited.
 We bought this.
 And now he's come once a month to get the box and we sit down and we make these cool
 little gadgets.
 One of them like spins a coin, one of them shot rubber bands.
 Like all these really, really cool things.
 And so we bought the continuity from them.
 And so Box of the Month are great.
 Most businesses are some type of Box of the Month.
 And everyone's got an e-commerce business.
 I'm talking about premium, I'm talking about premium, but premium into continuity is the
 greatest, right?
 And so look at e-commerce.
 How do I shift e-commerce into a box of the month?
 Okay.
 And another great one, one of my favorites are membership sites.
 We are doubling down on membership sites mostly because now ClickFunnels has the greatest
 membership site building platform on the planet, which makes it really, really exciting.
 But membership sites are a big thing.
 And the other thing is really powerful.
 I want to explain this, I don't think even I didn't get it until we started going deep
 down doing membership sites again.
 Membership sites are actually easier to build than a course.
 I think that's because with the course you have to have like, it's like building a college
 curriculum, right?
 Like all the stuff you have to use to do, all the modules and the steps and the frameworks
 and the stuff.
 But the membership site is different.
 Membership sites are more about like mastery.
 And so I was talking to the student player and he was doing a consult with me as we were
 rolling out one of our membership sites.
 And he said, the biggest problem you're going to have Russell is you're going to put a million
 things in membership sites.
 I got a million things.
 Let me put it all in here so you have access to everything.
 He's like, you get people access to everything.
 They come in there, they get overwhelmed.
 They cancel.
 They leave all sorts of stuff like that.
 He's like the secret to a membership site is you give them just certain things consistently
 every single month.
 And so the way he broke it down to me he said, every single month you create one master
 class.
 You're teaching a topic, just one.
 Because Russell, you're going to do one a day or three a week or whatever.
 You know, just one a month.
 So you do one teaching a concept.
 And so for me, my master class is about 30 minutes long.
 I teach a master class.
 Okay.
 Then the next week he says you do a backstage pass showing behind the scenes of what you're
 actually doing is people can kind of see you doing the thing that they're learning about
 in the master class.
 Right?
 And instead of number three, you do a member maker, you take it one of your members and
 you do the thing for them and make it better for them.
 And then week number four, you take it now.
 Okay.
 That is so much easier than building a course.
 A course is a great, like there's a place for all of them to think.
 But from a continuity standpoint, it's actually easier to build a membership site and have
 continuity than it is to build an entire course.
 Okay.
 And so our master, our membership sites, this is the structure they're coming through.
 People come in and they go through this process.
 So these are all the different ways to build continuity.
 So coming back to this framework against step number one is really understanding and mastering.
 Like the business is the continuity.
 Okay.
 I'm trying to triple down that because I want to make sure that as I go through the next
 steps, we don't forget about this because everything else we're doing is an appendage
 to this and this alone.
 Okay.
 Like I want you to understand like the business I'm in, you guys need to do all sorts of,
 I do live events like this.
 We do webinars, we do challenges, we do book funnels, we do all the things.
 But I'm not in, I'm not in the author business, I'm not in the event business, I'm not in
 any of the business, I'm in the continuity business.
 Everything else is the appendage that gets more people into the continuity, gets them to
 stick longer, become rating fans.
 But that is the only thing that really is the gold in the day.
 Okay.
 All right.
 So that's the step number one.
 Step number two is called the Miski.
 How many of you guys have heard me talk about Miski before?
 Ken.
 This is like literally the most annoying thing in the world.
 The Miski?
 Miski.
 You say that Miski?
 It's like the weirdest thing.
 And so I don't know what the Miski was until we acquired Dan Kenney's company.
 And we have the whole, the team that was left coming into our office.
 And the first question is like, well, what's worked?
 Like, what's worked in the past?
 Like, I want to make sure I'm not reinventing the wheel here.
 This company was run by Dan Kennedy for crying out loud.
 He knows more than I do about this game.
 Like, what should we do?
 And then they kept saying like, like, oh, the Miski.
 I was like, what are you talking about?
 The Miski?
 Like that is, and at first I was so annoyed just because like, I couldn't remember, I
 like, I tried to remember what it was in the conversation.
 And finally I'm like, what is the Miski?
 And so the Miski stands for the most incredible free gift ever, the Miski.
 I was like, oh, the, okay, like that's literally, like 18 years ago when I got into Dan Kenney's
 world because I bought the most incredible free gift ever.
 I had no idea it was called the Miski.
 And so we used to tease about it and then eventually became like a thing.
 So the first thing we did, and this is me and Dan Kennedy and Bill Glazer back when I
 was like 20, I don't know, 25 years old, 26 years old, like in that world, getting
 immersed with them, I came into the world because they had this offer called the most
 incredible free gift offer.
 Now a couple of things before I go too deep, the offer does not have to be free.
 Okay, we call it the Miski internally because now it's a word that we use and hopefully
 inside of our community we'll start calling it a Miski because it's like a quick thing
 we can start calling it, but it doesn't have to be the most incredible free gift ever.
 It could be a paid gift as well.
 It doesn't matter.
 It's just, it's an eerie, thisful offer that's so irresistible, you'd be insane to say no.
 Okay?
 And so I went back, when we bought Dan's company, I got this Google drive that had everything
 that he'd ever created in the last 40 years, which is like treasure hunting.
 Like going through and like searching things and folder after folder after folder and
 events and super conferences and masterminds and copy and swipe file.
 Like it's just been so much fun.
 And so I went into that folder and I typed in Miski and all of a sudden popped up 300
 different versions of ways that they'd sold the Miski in the past.
 Sales letters, faxes, events, postcards, direct mail, inserts in books.
 Like, and I started looking at like every single thing that Dan had ever done was all
 a Miski offer.
 Like you look at any one of his books.
 You go to Barnes and Noble right now and buy his book, flip through it, the Miski offers
 in it.
 Okay?
 You look at anything and this was the focal point of all of their marketing efforts.
 They weren't buying traffic to 20 different things.
 All their marketing efforts focused on one offer and one offer only and it was the Miski.
 Okay?
 Because it's the most incredible free gift ever.
 Right?
 And so we looked at it and said, "Okay, well if we're going to relaunch this company
 and the newsletter and all that stuff, I want to build out a Miski too."
 And so that's the first step we did.
 Now Perry came up here and talked about premiums, which is so cool.
 And he actually talked about sports illustrated Miski.
 So I'm not going to, it's funny, I'm sitting backstage preparing this presentation and
 I look up and the video is playing.
 It's literally the video I was going to play next slide.
 And I'm like, "Perry like ripped the exact same video I did off of YouTube, which is
 the original sports illustrated video."
 So I'm not going to re-show it.
 But the concept you want to understand is that sports illustrated Miski was the football
 phone and sports illustrated swimsuit issue.
 The continuity was sports illustrated.
 But the Miski is what got people to actually get on continuity.
 The hardest thing you will find in your business is to get somebody to actually subscribe
 for continuity.
 And so we can't just like hope that they sign up, right?
 We created an eerie Zispull offer that gets somebody in.
 We give them a football phone and sports illustrated swimsuit issue for your business,
 right?
 So for us when we launched Dan Company, first of me did is we created the Miski.
 And I literally had, like we were writing the headline for this, it was almost a joke.
 I was like, "We should use the word Miski in the actual headline."
 So if you ever like, what was that weird thing Russell said again?
 Just go to nobslider.com, make most incredible free gift ever.
 Oh yeah, that's right.
 So this was the Miski designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time.
 And so created this is the Ears Zispull offer with stuff from Dan, stuff from me.
 It became amazing.
 We launched this into the world to Dan's newsletter and to our newsletter.
 And in like 14 days, I think 14 days we had almost 4,000 people join a $97 month continuity
 newsletter.
 That crazy?
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 That deserves a round of applause I think.
 Maybe you guys will have your calculators out and you're like 97 times 4,000.
 Holy crap.
 Wait, times 12 months in a year.
 Oh my gosh, I should have a Miski in my business.
 I'm here to think of that.
 Because that's what I started thinking.
 After I did this, I sat back and I was like, "Why in the world doesn't click funnels have
 a Miski?"
 I've been studying Dan for a decade and a half and I missed it.
 We need the Miski.
 And so I went back to our team.
 I was like, "Hey guys, you know how the Miski is crushing it right now?"
 And we were getting tons of people and this company's growing.
 We took it out of this stagnant spot, and it's blowing up.
 It's growing.
 New members are coming in.
 Paydads are working.
 Everything's happening.
 And all we're doing is focusing on one offer and we're blowing at this company.
 Why don't we do that and click funnels?
 These are the things.
 And so I guess what we did next.
 And in fact, it's actually funny.
 I talked about the Miski.
 I'm like a podcast episode.
 I spoke at some of the event talked about it three or four times.
 And what's it not like the fourth time that I talked about?
 I was like, "We should blow our own Miski."
 So shortly thereafter, we built the ClickFunnels Miski, which is the yearfirstfennel.com.
 We created this Miski and we started driving traffic to it.
 And it's crazy.
 We get customers that click funnels.
 It's cheaper for like, if we drive traffic directly to ClickFunnels.com, it's like $150
 to $250 for someone signing for a free trial.
 We drive traffic to the Miski.
 It's like $100 for a trial.
 But guess what?
 When somebody's the Miski, there's the Miski.
 There's an order for them bump.
 There's upsell downsell.
 We make $300 for every single person who takes the Miski.
 So I can spend $300 to get a ClickFunnels customer now and still break even.
 You guys getting this?
 Okay.
 Change everything for us.
 The metrics are completely different.
 Okay?
 Most of our ad focus now is on this and this.
 This is the thing now scaling our companies and growing them dramatically.
 The Miski is so simple.
 It's just an irresistible offer to get somebody to join you in your continuity program.
 So you guys can go look at these.
 I would recommend funnel hacking these two funnels.
 Even if you don't want to be members of them, just go through because we've been testing.
 We have so much traffic that was volume coming through these things that we've been testing
 every single element and offer from the order for bumps, the upsells, the downsells.
 The Dan Kennedy Miski right now has the highest average cart value of any funnel I've ever
 built ever.
 Okay?
 Which means I can spend like $350 to get somebody to get the Miski there and I still break even.
 It's crazy.
 It's half a scale company.
 What did Dan Kennedy say back in the day and over and over and over again?
 Whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins.
 I can spend $350 to break even.
 They can do a customer.
 Who else can do that?
 Nobody.
 Okay?
 Quick phones.
 We can spend $253 a buck and still break even.
 It's crazy.
 Thank you.
 These guys get it.
 There you go.
 Okay.
 Let me go back.
 So that's step number two.
 So folks on subscription, then we build a Miski offer to get people into the subscription.
 After that point, now we can go and start driving traffic.
 Okay?
 This is where the Miski is created now.
 It's like, "Hey, it's launch the Miski.
 You drive traffic.
 You do Facebook ads.
 You do Instagram.
 Like all the focus starts coming here.
 And now this is where the process begins.
 Okay?
 This is where I start marketing the business, whatever it is.
 And so advertising goes to Miski.
 Miski gets people on continuity and now we're in business.
 All right guys.
 Hope you enjoyed that first half of the presentation.
 That's just two other steps.
 Next, we're going to go deep into the rest of the puzzle.
 It makes this whole thing work.
 For any of you guys who are starting to grasp what I'm talking about, even maybe it's confusing
 so I don't quite understand it, but I see the vision.
 I'm understanding what else is saying.
 I feel a bit energy and excitement.
 If you want to dive deep with us, I said, "This is our..."
 At every level, the two-comiclevx coaching program, which is the beginning, that's where
 take people from startup to a million dollars in sales.
 That's what we're focusing on is the linchpin.
 The next tier from a million to 10, which is inner circle, we're focusing on from 10
 to 30, which is our category.
 We're focusing on 30 to 100, which is the Atlas group.
 We're focusing on the same framework every single tier.
 Depending where you are, if you're like, "Ah, I know I want this," I recommend going to
 2comiclevx.com.
 It's spelled out T-W-O-clubx.com.
 There's an application form there.
 You can fill the application.
 It's for my team to jump on a call and if you're a good fit, we will let you the coaching
 program and you can start building that linchpin with us starting tonight or tomorrow or whatever
 makes sense for you.
 Anyway, there's just an option if you do want to dive into this deep with me.
 If you want to get a deep end of the pool with all the cool kids who are learning this
 stuff at a high level, you should come join us in 2comiclevx coaching program, because
 it's all we're doing is talking linchpin.
 Again, it's 2comiclevx.com.
 It's really cool as we've been developing this.
 For each module, we're going through building out workbooks, it's sweat files and case studies
 and showing, again, this model is evolving and growing so rapidly.
 Now it's really, really exciting.
 If you want to geek out with me, like I said, come to 2comiclevx.com and come apply.
 And I will have some fun.
 So thanks so much for listening.
 We'll see you guys on the next episode of the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 [Music]
 [ Silence ]
