 [MUSIC]
 Welcome back to the marketing series podcast.
 We've been getting messages and notifications for everybody like freaking out,
 like, give me part two, Russell, I understand, I need the rest.
 So don't stress, today we're still in Mexico,
 still hanging out with the inner circle, we've been geeking out.
 Inner circle two comic club X,
 like everyone's been geeking out deep on the linchpin framework,
 which you were introduced to last week's podcast.
 And so this episode, we're gonna give you the conclusion of my presentation from
 Final Hacking Live.
 Now, I remember that this was the first time I ever taught it publicly.
 So it goes through the whole framework, but man, this is evolving and growing so
 rapidly, since this presentation, we did it to launch ClickFunnels 2.0,
 which was a smashing success.
 We didn't ever green it, and right now every single two weeks,
 every two weeks we roll out an evergreen version of the linchpin formula on ClickFunnels 2.0,
 and it is crushing it.
 We're 1.5 times row as in the first seven days, which is crazy.
 We're just jamming people in the continent like we never had before.
 Voomly, which is the software company we bought from Brad Callan this year.
 It's a video hosting platform, which if you haven't seen yet, go to Voomly.com.
 It gets insane, but we started doing this exact same framework there, and
 we crushed it like we added 2,000 people to continuity in less than seven days,
 which is crazy.
 2,000 people join a company program in seven days.
 They have like, it's crazy.
 And then at the end of it, we, as you will learn during this next session,
 we did our, the bulk continuity offer, and we made enough money to buy ads to
 open up 2,000, but like it's just, it's crazy.
 It's like self-perpetuating, growing thing.
 We then did it on a webinar with Brooke Castillo to her audience on life,
 her life coaching audience, which crushed it.
 We did it on, from my birthday party, we did it there,
 like these people flying, these principles, and everything is just growing.
 Everything we're touching to, it's like the Midas Touch.
 You take the linchpin, you touch a business with it.
 It's like turning it to gold instantly.
 So anyway, I digress.
 I'm going to let you guys listen to the second half of it.
 She has to keep learning about it and geeking out.
 And she'll listen to this again, if you want to jump in the deep end of the pool
 with all of us who are eating, drinking, breathing, living the linchpin right now,
 like we're doing it in the 2 Como Club X coaching program,
 Inner Circle Catebecuing Atlas.
 Like my four coaching/mastermind groups,
 this is all we're thinking about, talking about and doing it.
 And if you want to jump in with us, I'd recommend go to 2comoclubx.com.
 This is spelled out T-W-O-C-O-M-M-A, C-O-U-B-X.com.
 That's the first coaching program.
 We take people from startup to a million dollars in sales.
 And we do using the linchpin.
 So yeah, like I said, we've been going deep into it.
 Like we've got Joy Anderson,
 so he has no joy on our team,
 he's building out these deep workbooks on each session.
 So like Miffy specifically has like 120 page workbook,
 showing examples, case days, like the five to seven different types of Miffy
 depending on where they are in the funnel, how they fit, and how they match,
 and how they, like, it's crazy.
 It's so much fun.
 We're having so much fun.
 So I've been this excited about what we were doing inside of our business,
 our coaching program for five or six years.
 It's just been fun. It's like reignited me.
 I think I was getting tired because it was like everything was so similar.
 And that cast kept going up.
 So like our profitability was going down.
 I'm like, we're doing the same things and making less money.
 And it's just like, that's never like a fun place to build from.
 And now we're profitable up front again.
 And we're able to apply this now to our supplement business.
 Our software businesses are like just over and over and over again.
 And it's exciting.
 So I hope you guys are having fun.
 It's much fun.
 In this game, Zion, if not, come hang out with us.
 I'm cool, kids are all having fun over here doing it.
 So again, go to comicalvex.com.
 With that said, I hope we enjoy the exciting conclusion of my lunch
 pin presentation from fellow hacking lab.
 Now that's all happened.
 Now it's going to go to the next level.
 And now we're going to start adding things on top of that.
 So step number three now is we create a dramatic demonstration.
 OK?
 That's why Steve Larsen, I spent so much time yesterday talking
 about dramatic demonstrations.
 This is where it fits into this model.
 OK?
 A dramatic demonstration is all about finding a hook that's a really sexy hook,
 bringing out and doing an event, something crazy
 to get people's attention.
 OK?
 And so typically, a dramatic demonstration at the front end
 here is either a challenge funnel or a webinar funnel.
 These are the two funnel types that work the best for this.
 OK?
 Now this is where-- I'm going to explain this.
 And I think that some of you guys are--
 you might miss this.
 And I want to make sure that--
 I want to make sure you understand.
 I'm going to actually draw it so you can see it as I go through this.
 The warning to make sure we don't miss this.
 What I'm talking about here is not an SLO.
 Do you guys know what an SLO is?
 SLO sounds for self-liquidating offers.
 So I've seen people teach for the last decade or so.
 It's like, oh, do a webinar.
 Right?
 So here's the webinar.
 And someone comes, they register for the webinar.
 And then on the thank you page, you put an offer.
 So maybe you put an offer for like a $27 ebook.
 And what happens is the whole bunch of people register for webinar,
 10% of them buy the ebook.
 And hopefully, you make enough money from this right here
 that covers the ad cost.
 The ad is concrete.
 It's self-liquidating offer, right?
 So the thing you saw on the thank you page
 liquidates the ad cost.
 And that's a great marketing strategy.
 It's amazing.
 That's not what I'm talking about here.
 The MIPSI is not a self-liquidating offer.
 And I'll explain what it is here in a second.
 But the way that this model works-- in fact, I'll map it out
 the way we did it with ClickFunnels.
 So when we launched ClickFunnels initially--
 some of you guys know the story.
 We end up doing-- we launched the funnel five different times.
 None of them had worked.
 The sixth one was the one that finally started working.
 And it was basically did a webinar, right?
 We did a webinar presentation.
 So what would happen is someone would see a landing page
 for the webinar.
 They had to go to the register for the webinar
 for the name email address in.
 And then they'd come over here.
 We'd have a thank you page with the dates and the times.
 And then from there, we'd push people.
 And they'd come on the webinar.
 And on this webinar, I would do my presentation.
 And at the end of it, I'd sell them something, right?
 And that was kind of the model.
 Now, it's interesting because--
 I want to make sure I explain this correctly.
 If you look at what it was, the first five launches,
 what the first five launches were,
 was we just were launching the continuity program, right?
 So we had ClickFunnels.com.
 And it was a free trial.
 And we drove traffic to it.
 And what was interesting is we drove traffic to it.
 They got a free trial.
 It didn't convert super high.
 And we're like frustrated.
 We got some people in there.
 But it was just like-- it was hard to get people in there
 and get them to stick, right?
 It was expensive.
 It was $150, $200 to get somebody to take a free trial.
 We had affiliates promote it and affiliates would promote it.
 But they get frustrated because they'd
 someone sign up and then 30 years later they get billed,
 they make money.
 And the affiliates was too long for affiliates.
 It was expensive because if we were to spend $150,
 we didn't make that money back for a month or two months
 or three months, which is a startup company,
 we couldn't afford that, right?
 And so this was really hard.
 And so Todd and I had these arguments back and forth
 because Todd's like, I don't want a product launch business.
 It's not the business I want to be in.
 He's like, I want to be in a SaaS recurring continuity
 business.
 And so that's what we focused on.
 Launch one, launch two, launch three, four, five,
 and then we switched to this.
 I did a webinar.
 Thank you Paige.
 I did the webinar here.
 At the end of it, I sold for $997 a version of ClickFunnels.
 And it worked.
 We started selling people on the webinars, right?
 It was amazing.
 We started making money.
 And we do a webinar.
 We make 10 grand.
 Another webinar, 30 grand.
 Another webinar, 100 grand.
 Wherever it was.
 And it was awesome.
 We were making money coming back in.
 But then Todd came back and said, I don't like this business.
 We're back in the product launch business.
 So if we didn't build ClickFunnels.com
 and be in a product launch business,
 we have to do webinars, make a bunch of money, and it dies.
 He's like, I want to have the power of this.
 And I was like, well, I want the power of this because we
 can make money upfront.
 I can buy ads.
 And we can make the money back quickly.
 We can have affiliates promote.
 And they get the commission from this.
 And all of a sudden, one day, as we're testing different funnels,
 Todd had this idea.
 And again, this is the winch pin.
 This is the difference between us making $10 million a year
 and $200 million a year.
 It was this one little piece.
 It was so small, so simple.
 He said, on this thank you page right here,
 you're going to be talking about ClickFunnels over here anyway.
 And he encouraged them to go get a free trial.
 What if we tell them to get the MIFG?
 So simple, so dumb, so insignificant.
 I didn't know what that was going to turn into.
 So what happened, people registered webinar,
 they landed right here.
 The percentage would go get the free trial.
 Then they would jump on the webinar.
 The webinar would happen.
 Again, the webinar had so years access for $9.97.
 A bunch of people would buy that.
 A lot of people, if 10%, 15% of people bought that means
 85% of people didn't buy this going through here.
 And we didn't know what the business was going to look like.
 But I want to show you guys what happened over a year.
 In fact, hopefully--
 I'll show you these.
 There was the original registration page.
 There was the thank you page.
 This is where we added just-- again, it's one button.
 That button's like $100 million a year button right there, right?
 So you create your free ClickFunnels account.
 Now, that was it.
 From there, push them down to our MIFG,
 which got them into continuity.
 And then, if you come back here, this part of the linchpin,
 at the end of the webinar or the challenge,
 whatever, we usually sell bulk access, bulk subscription
 to the offer.
 So at the end of the webinar, I made an offer
 for six months of ClickFunnels, which
 was the continuity program, plus a bunch of other bonuses
 and things like that.
 That's what it kind of looked like there.
 That makes sense?
 Now, let me show you guys what happened after year number one.
 This is crazy.
 After year number one, we had 2,500 members who
 had paid us $997.
 Can you do the math on that?
 It's $2,500.
 That's amazing, right?
 I only got two and a half, two common couple words.
 So it's celebrated and amazing.
 But what's fascinating is this is the linchpin.
 This is the secret.
 7,500 people actually stayed on continuity after the trial
 at $97 a month.
 You do the math on that at $750,000 a month
 in recurring revenue.
 Times that by $12 million, $9 million a year from that.
 We almost missed that.
 We almost went for the $2.5 million business.
 We thought it was going to be the greatest in the world.
 And we missed out on the $9 million
 that they came through because of this one little piece,
 because of the MIFCU, because of us putting in.
 That was the linchpin.
 That was the difference between everything.
 Does that make sense?
 Next time.
 OK.
 Thank you, John.
 Yeah, I want to stress.
 What most people do in their business
 is they think the MIFCU is the SLO.
 The MIFCU is not the self-liquidating offer.
 If you do this correctly, the SLO
 is the $1,000 thing you're selling.
 For most of you guys, that's your business.
 For me, that's the SLO.
 This event is an SLO.
 Is getting this?
 Thinking a little bit differently.
 OK?
 I want to share something.
 I'm going to pick on Brooke for a minute.
 Brooke is brilliant.
 First, I'm going to conversation with her.
 It was after a funnel I can live or land where she told me,
 I think you had a book funnel and you had your membership site.
 And one of the things that she heard was like,
 is that you needed a break-even funnel.
 So her book was this break-even funnel.
 It wasn't breaking even then.
 She had the side dish.
 She said, what if my $300-month member site
 became the break-even funnel?
 Oh, we most-- she said, no, that's my business.
 That's my entire business.
 It's the $300-month thing.
 No, no.
 What if that became the break-even funnel?
 And then she showed us certification on the back.
 All of a sudden, her business went from here
 to one of the biggest and full product business
 I've ever seen in my entire life.
 Because her $300-month thing became the SLO.
 In my business, the $1,000-month thing
 is the SLO, not the thing on the thank you page.
 The thing on the thank you page is the actual business.
 You guys getting this?
 Ken, that's the only one that makes nobody miss.
 Because if you think, oh, yeah, let's talk about an SLO.
 Like, no, no, that's not the linchpin.
 This is the key.
 Because the continuity is the business.
 It's not the $1,000 thing you're selling.
 It's not like everything comes back to like,
 this is the business.
 Because what does Dave Fry say?
 You don't have continuity, then you don't have a business.
 This is the only thing we actually care about.
 So I believe the best dramatic demonstrations in the world
 are webinars and challenges.
 You'll notice that in my businesses,
 we rotate between these.
 I'm a webinar, guys.
 I love webinars.
 Pedro has converted me into also a challenge, guys.
 So we're launching ClickFunnels 2.0 with a challenge funnel.
 Now, by the way, as we launched this,
 I want you guys to watch the process, OK?
 We're all funnel hackers in the room.
 So we start getting emails from me
 and every single influencer on the planet who's
 going to be promoting ClickFunnels 2.0,
 watch the process.
 Because guess what I'm doing?
 People are coming in.
 They're registering for the challenge.
 On the thank you page, I'm going to bribe my crazy,
 get the most seriousest law for us,
 because we click on the ClickFun 2.0 account.
 Then we do this huge challenge.
 We sell them a really expensive thing at the end.
 And my goal is to optimize to make-- to break it.
 All this money is to get dumped back into ads
 and to keep going and keep going.
 And we're going to go from 100,000 customers
 to a million customers by using this Miffki
 and tripling down on it.
 Does that make sense?
 Ken.
 [APPLAUSE]
 I mean, as a twitching in your chair,
 like, I need continuity.
 I need a Miffki.
 I need a dramatic demonstration.
 Like, I'm good.
 I got to go.
 But wait, there's more.
 Because I still love high ticket.
 I don't want to be like, oh, I'm not doing high ticket.
 Joe and I, Lena, haven't talked about high ticket.
 I want you guys to-- all these pieces fit together.
 They're very important.
 They're all strategic.
 Step number four, then, is the dramatic demonstration.
 Number two.
 This is on the back side of this.
 If you look at the way that I'm structured,
 this is-- we're focusing on one continuity, one Miffki.
 Once a month, I'm doing a dramatic demonstration.
 For me, I'm picking a different hook,
 doing a dramatic demonstration.
 Pick a different hook, doing a dramatic demonstration.
 Each month, I'm picking a new hook,
 doing dramatic demonstration, bringing people
 into this whole process.
 And then once a quarter, I'm doing a virtual event or live event
 that gets people now into the high ticket thing.
 And if you look at the high ticket thing as an SL as well,
 you guys are going to have a very continuity at levels
 that are insane.
 And so typically, the best way to do the second dramatic
 demonstration is either a live or a virtual event.
 You guys have seen, obviously, fun, like in live?
 Yes, we are.
 You're experiencing it.
 We're inside of it right now.
 During COVID, we did a two-comical live virtual event,
 which same kind of thing.
 It brings people up and it sends them into your high ticket
 programs.
 But that's kind of how the process works,
 having that in there as well.
 And so that, you guys, is the linchpin.
 So if you want to take pictures of that,
 that's the business model right there.
 You guys see it?
 OK.
 You guys feeling good about that?
 You guys ready?
 OK.
 Now, a couple of things I want to go through,
 because this is important.
 My other favorite thing about the linchpin,
 we started developing this.
 And like I said, we plugged it into Dan Kennedy's
 the magnet marketing business.
 And then in ClickFunnels and the other businesses
 that we're acquiring and that we're building out.
 And the thing that I realized is so powerful,
 because I spent the last six months
 like making a whole bunch of mistakes for you guys,
 to be able to simplify this in a way that's
 going to be really, really powerful for you guys.
 A couple of things we noticed is to run a little engine,
 to run a linchpin business like this.
 There are two personality types that are needed.
 Number one is you have to have somebody who
 is the attractive character.
 This is the person who's the content person.
 They're doing the content in the members area.
 They're doing the content in the MIFQ.
 They're doing the challenges.
 They're doing the things.
 It's like me.
 This is me in the business.
 I always joke, I'm the dancing monkey on stage,
 talking about ClickFunnels.
 That is the attractive character.
 And that is the role that they've got to have.
 And the second thing is you need someone
 who is an integrator and operator who's actually
 building the structure behind it.
 So right now, EC's companies, we are purchasing or acquiring
 or we are building, there's two personalities.
 There's an attractive character for every single one
 that we're plugging in.
 And number two, there is an integrator operator.
 And those are the two--
 literally most of our business users now
 are running with two core people.
 And then the integrator operator person,
 either hires funnel builders or they have a funnel builder
 on the team or they are outsourcing agency, whatever.
 But most of our most of these businesses
 are now being run by just two and two only people, which
 is powerful.
 It's not costing me a ton of money on to build.
 Usually outside of the ClickFunnels team,
 all the other things are happening with two people
 running this system.
 And this is literally becoming the playbook
 for all of our companies.
 You will notice, if you've been watching this for the last six
 months, it's happening on ClickFunnels.
 You'll notice this quadrupling down over the next 12 months,
 starting with a 2.0 launch in two weeks.
 This is the model.
 We're doing the same thing with magnetic marketing.
 You've only got two of the four steps
 done in magnetic marketing.
 And we've, I think, was 379% increase in sales.
 Next, I think, a month or two months now,
 we're doing in the first dramatic demonstration.
 It's going to scale from there.
 We acquired Lady Boss today as earlier.
 This is plugging into the same model.
 Vume is the video hosting platform box.
 Plugging into the model.
 Zoomages are supplement.
 All-bomb broth, Phoenix, biohacking secrets.
 Understand, I mean, all these companies
 were doing, same thing.
 This is the playbook over and over and over again.
 We're training an attractive character for each company.
 We're training integrated for each company.
 And then they're running the entire thing.
 And that's what's happening there.
 And so I want to show you guys.
 For example, here's ClickFunnels.
 As you see, boom, continuity, boom,
 MIFGI, boom, dramatic demonstration.
 This one's happening in two weeks from now.
 And then from there, we have virtual events,
 live events happening for the high ticket.
 The model is simple.
 It's easy.
 It's replicatable.
 Magic Marketing, boom, we've got the continuity
 and newsletter, the MIFGI.
 We are plugging in challenges right now.
 They'll be happening.
 And then high ticket events as well.
 And that's that business there.
 Lady Boss, they've got the greatest protein shake
 on the planet.
 There's the continuity program.
 We have MIFGI that we're creating to get people into it.
 And then out that we'll be doing live challenges
 to get people into the MIFGI.
 And then from there, we'll do live events as well.
 Same model, same business.
 It fits exactly the same way.
 Boomley's our new video hosting platform.
 The hosting video host platform is the actual continuity.
 Then there we have MIFGI offers plugging people in.
 And then when those two pieces are finalized and done and launched,
 we'll start driving traffic to it.
 And then eventually, at that, we'll
 launch our first dramatic demonstrations
 and our second dramatic demonstrations.
 Zoom had to do the same thing.
 We've got our continuity, which is a supplement.
 We have a MIFGI going in.
 Now we're driving traffic to that MIFGI.
 Eventually, we're going to find a green juice guru.
 And if someone here is and wants to be that,
 we're taking applications now to find the attractive character
 for Zoom had to use.
 We will plug in and they will be doing challenges once a month
 to bring people into Zoom had to use to build the continuity.
 And they'll be doing live events as well.
 Same thing in our bone broth company.
 Boomley continuity, MIFGI challenges.
 Imagine how to biohack with bone broth challenge.
 How to do it with bone broth challenge?
 How to build muscle bone broth challenge?
 There's a thousand different hooks
 we can use for tobacco demonstrations
 to bring people into this business as well.
 Eventually, we'll go live events as well.
 Phoenix is an energy and this is all a SUSLEAP product.
 We've got a MIFGI coming out.
 Eventually, we'll have challenges back in things as well.
 Bioacking secrets.
 This is the project of work with Anthony Clemene.
 This is a company meeting him and started a couple years ago
 and he went off and ran it.
 And after we forgot this Lynxpin model, I was like,
 Anthony, I want back in.
 Because it wasn't me.
 I'm like, come to Boise.
 I got the model.
 It's so simple.
 All you gotta do is be attractive character.
 Sometimes we're about funnels or traffic or anything.
 You're just going to show up and talk
 about all the cool stuff you're talking about.
 He's like, done.
 And we'll bring it back in, build me a membership site.
 We'll have a MIFGI.
 Boom.
 He'll start doing challenges like the biohacking
 for energy challenge, a biohacking for whatever challenge.
 We'll have biohacking challenge happening once a month
 and then we'll do once a quarter live event.
 Understand that me and our new personality software
 we're coming out with continuity
 and then we'll build MIFGI's as well.
 Same process.
 And then, to me, I know one of my big secret projects,
 I've been collecting all these old, old, old books
 from some of the greatest minds of all time
 and we're building members to decide around that.
 We're going to have MIFGI offers.
 We're literally like, one of the MIFGI offers,
 okay, check this out.
 I've been acquiring, as you guys know,
 all of Napoleon Hills works, much as I can.
 And one of my acquisitions, I bought an entire state
 from somebody who had all this in the Napoleon Hills
 stuff you've been collecting for 20 years.
 And in the collection, there were 250 pages
 of hand type stuff from Napoleon Hills.
 I didn't know what it was.
 I was just excited.
 I'm like, this is like so cool.
 Like literally on the paper, it's like,
 his hand edits are all over it.
 And then like when he didn't like his headline,
 he would go type it again and he'd literally cut it
 and then glue it down, like cut and paste,
 like back in the 1900s, like cut and paste
 to different headlines.
 And anyway, we went and scanned the entire things
 we're interested in.
 And then Julie, who's our editor on all of our book projects,
 she messaged me and she kept calling the scans,
 the hand of destiny, the hand of, I'm like,
 what are you talking about?
 It's Napoleon Hills like manuscripts.
 She's like, well the title page says,
 this is a book called The Hand of Destiny.
 I'm like, that's a book?
 Call The Hand of Destiny.
 Like, I was like, first off, that's a cool name.
 Second off, I didn't know it was a book.
 Nobody knows the book.
 It's an unpublished work for Napoleon Hills
 that nobody has ever seen on this planet other than me.
 Right?
 How's that for Mickey?
 How many of you guys would give me some sign up
 for the Miffgie to get that book in your hand?
 Okay?
 The way we're editing that book is really cool.
 You open up on the left hand side,
 you see the actual picture of the scan page
 of the Napoleon Hills edits, and the right hand page is typed out
 so you can see the original manuscripts like it is.
 Anyway, but there's the Miffgie.
 That's like the most irresistible Miffgie of all time.
 Like, I want to get myself money for it.
 That's how good it is, right?
 And then with the challenges and bring people back in.
 Okay?
 But the guys, this model is simple.
 It's consistent.
 It's replicatable.
 It's powerful.
 Something all this can is should be doing.
 Okay?
 Literally so much so that like two or three weeks ago,
 we came back and said, what if,
 like we're doing this in our company.
 We're doing training.
 We're training our attractive characters.
 We're training our funnels.
 We're training our management team.
 We're training all the people in this model
 over and over and over again.
 I was like, what if we transition the way
 we do our coaching programs?
 We're set of us coaching on something over here
 and then we're doing something over here
 where they blend together.
 We're literally, I am coaching the attractive characters
 for all my companies and then all the attractive
 character of your companies could plug right into that.
 Okay?
 As I'm training all of our integrator,
 operators and funnel builders into our companies,
 you guys could plug in that same training.
 Well, how many of you has to be interested
 in something like that?
 (audience cheering)
 Okay.
 Well, that's what this whole list has been about.
 (upbeat music)
 Hi everybody, welcome back.
 I hope you enjoyed the Linchpin.
 Again, I'm sure it's something it's like
 you kind of understanding it,
 but there's like the nuances and the things
 that are just like, I don't quite get it.
 And so I let Rekka listen to this two or three times.
 We have a Linchpin book coming out in the very near future.
 You can go get the Linchpin book and you can read that.
 We'll help you and then like I said,
 if you wanna get coach and mentor through this process,
 go to twocomaclevx.com.
 Go apply and you can jump in the coaching program with us
 and start building out your continuity
 and your Miffki and then your first dramatic demonstration
 and then driving traffic and all the other things.
 So, all right, with that said, appreciate you all.
 Thanks for listening and we'll talk to you again also.
 All right everybody.
 ♪ ♪
