 What's up, everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 Today, I want to go to old school with you.
 I want to go back in time, all the way back to the time that you first read about the
 value ladder.
 If you read the doc on secrets book, you know, the value ladder's on the core, like fundamental
 principles about how do you grow a company online, right?
 And each tier of the value ladder, there's different sales funnels and things like that.
 And it's interesting because right now, like a lot of you have been is when 2.0, click
 funnels to go into the launch, you started the process of like, okay, I'm going to start
 moving and migrating my funnels over.
 And for, I don't know about you, but for me, it's been so much fun because it gives me
 a chance to kind of like, okay, slowly move things over and then how can I get better?
 And what could tweaks that make?
 What changes?
 And how can I, you know, now, knowing what I own now versus revenue, and I, you know, started
 this funnel six months ago or a year ago or five years ago, like what are the tweaks
 and changes I'd make?
 And so we've been systematically and slowly moving funnels over from 1.0 to 2.0 and rebuilding
 them and it's spent so much fun.
 I hope you guys are enjoying the process too.
 Some people are like, I just want to have everything moved over for me and like, oh,
 you're depriving yourself of the opportunity to rethink through how to make these things
 even better.
 But anyway, that's just me.
 I'm kind of a nerd in this game, as you know.
 But as I was going through, I remember this really interesting conversation I had with
 Chet Holmes and probably 10, 12 years ago now that I had forgotten about.
 But as I was building out our, you know, moving our funnels over and redesigning our
 value ladder and all the things that come with that, I realized that like I had missed
 this simple and yet powerful piece.
 And so I don't want to ruin the surprise for you what it is, but I do want to tell you.
 So in fact, at one of my recent circle meetings, I sat down and I explained to people what
 this aha was and it's simple, but it's so powerful.
 So I want to share with you guys today because if you are building out your value ladder,
 you're thinking about it, you're trying to figure out, you know, all that kind of stuff.
 Maybe you're just beginning, which is totally cool as well.
 This gives you something to think through as you're kind of building out the thing that
 you're creating.
 But anyway, I wanted you to kind of have this piece because it strategically will help you
 think about your funnels differently, how one funnel ends, the next funnel starts and
 a whole bunch of other cool things.
 So yeah, this is a part of our presentation I gave at one major circle events that from
 a lesson I learned from Chatham.
 So I hope you enjoy this.
 And those who were in the inner circle and you're hearing this again, I'm wondering
 like, if you implement it yet, if not, now is the time.
 And those who were just here the first time know that these are the conversations we have
 inside the inner circle and they're so much fun.
 So hope you enjoy this glimpse of your future and something I learned back in the past.
 This is one of those things like as I started, as I started, as a sharp folks on ClickFunce
 2.0, what's the value level, like what's the problem?
 All these things are kind of rebuilding them.
 It's interesting you start seeing the holes in your own, in what you're doing.
 Here's everything I've done before.
 You're never hired to consult and they come in until you're all set for you to run.
 And you're like, I knew I was doing those things wrong.
 Remember, I'm just going to hire myself for five minutes and see what I'm doing wrong.
 Oh, this is all super doing wrong.
 We should fix that before we hire a real consultant.
 This is kind of similar to things.
 As we've been looking through this, I'm like, oh, I'm seeing the gaps.
 And it's funny because these are things I understand that I've learned earlier.
 And so back when I was first starting this business, I built a call center of 60 people.
 And I had a chance to work with Chat Homes throughout the book, The Ultimate Cells Machine.
 And we were going to be doing inbound calls for Chat.
 So we had a really cool opportunity to spend some time with him.
 And he showed me their entire business model.
 And it was really interesting because if you look at what Chat's model works, he would
 run the ran radio ads for a free report.
 Instead, I sent him to the website to get opted and said, call this number, we'll give
 you-- and I said, call this number, leave your email address, and we'll email you your
 free report.
 So that was kind of the hook.
 So if you would call on the phone and then they would actually get a live operator and
 be like, hey, what's up?
 They used to call Chat Homes International.
 What's the best email address for send your report to?
 And they'd get an email address and then they'd say, hey, really quickly, I have a
 phone.
 Chat used to do these full day seminars in Vegas, CEOs from all around the world, fly
 to be there with $3,000 apiece.
 But right now, Chat's doing this virtual seminar, which is the same content.
 And so three days, it's crudged down into three hours.
 And Chat wanted me to ask the C.P.B. interested in getting a seat to it.
 Again, normally we charge $297 for these tickets.
 But instead, what we're going to do is we're going to give you the ability to come on to
 the web seminar for free and then go through the entire three hours, the end of three hours,
 if it was worth the $297, then pay-- or if it was worth a million dollars, it pays $297.
 If it wasn't worth it, let us know and we won't believe anything.
 So you can go to the three hour seminar for free.
 If you like it, in the end, it will bill you if you like it.
 Okay?
 Is this a little familiar to any of you guys?
 By the way, oh, this is the invisible funnel.
 Okay.
 Let me step back.
 I love the offer structure.
 Everyone who's doing virtual live events-- I love you as to split test this head to head.
 Most people are doing virtual events and they're charging people a $97 for the virtual event.
 So we shifted the offer.
 We said, hey, the event is free.
 It's $0 to come into the event.
 And the event's over a little bit, $197.
 Yes, I saw this before.
 Our two comical live event.
 So that was how we structured the offer.
 Same event, same price point.
 We just structured the offer differently.
 I don't know the exact numbers because we didn't split test it.
 But the very first time we ran it, I think we had 6,000 people.
 Virtual live at the event.
 We've done it now four or five times.
 At least we've had as 1,500 people live on the three-day event.
 My belief is we've probably got three to four times more people to register than we would
 have if it had been a straight sell.
 It could really be fascinating.
 The other crazy thing is that 63% of people who come to the funnel don't actually put
 the $0 in.
 They prepay for a $50 discount.
 They pay $150 in the money we get immediately.
 And there's an upsell from there.
 And so anyway, it's insanely profitable.
 I'm all out from Chet.
 That was Chet's $0 in 297.
 So then you'd come on the webinar.
 For three hours, he would teach you to train you.
 When it was over, then he'd do the pitch-based saying it was worth 297, cool, a billiard
 credit card.
 And then the salesperson who, or the trainer who was training, would then pitch them on
 their next package.
 I came from the price.
 It was like, let's say it's 10K.
 And the 10K thing, you would get a course plus you would get six coaching calls.
 One, two, three, four, five, six.
 Four coaching calls was training on the course.
 And the last two coaching calls were a pitch for the next thing, which was like their $18,000
 or a thing.
 And it went from there.
 And what Chet said was so fascinating, a couple of things he said that in his company,
 he's like, nobody is on salary or payroll.
 He said, everybody gets the percentage of the sell.
 He's like, it's cool because big months we all get big checks, small months we get
 small checks.
 And we guys have a lot of employees and some months they get the same check no matter
 what and you get no check, right?
 So that whole company was structured where everyone got a percentage of it.
 So the dude who picked up the, the dude ran the radio ads got a percentage of every single
 thing that happened.
 The guy who did the phone call got a percentage of everything.
 So each person got a percentage of everything that kind of happened after them.
 And it was a really cool, anyway, it was a really cool model.
 But the thing that he said that was so powerful, he said that if you look at the way he structured
 his offers is that every offer here in the process, you got content, you got the report,
 but then the report sold the next thing.
 You went through the training and the training was amazing, but the end of it sold the next
 thing.
 And then this was amazing, but the end of it is sold the next thing, right?
 So each, each tier of this process, it solved the problem.
 And whenever we solve a problem in business, it creates another what for the person?
 Creates a new problem.
 So then the, the thing that solved that problem becomes the sales tool for the next problem,
 right?
 And everything kind of we did.
 And so I started looking at our value ladder and I was realizing they like, I had things
 that people from here to here to here to here, but I didn't, I hadn't, and yes, there's
 like an email campaign that pushes you and there's like these little things, but it wasn't
 really a structured way where each offer did a good job of selling the next offer, right?
 And selling the next offer and selling the next offer.
 And so I wanted to show up with you guys just because for me, this is the thing I'm thinking
 through right now is like going back to my existing value ladder and thinking like with
 Chell homes like, let's say we give someone four coaching calls, can you give them six
 instead or give them five instead and the fifth one is the call that, that, that transitions
 them.
 Can you, you know, what are the different pieces you can weave in there to get somebody to move
 to each tier of the value ladder from step to step to step?
 You know, it's interesting, I've looked at inner circle for years, inner circle was just
 sold separately, just kind of in a weird spot and like some people found it, most people
 didn't, you know, this was the first time ever that like everybody is out funnel hacking
 live, let's just something separate, bring people aside and then move them to next thing.
 And this was the most people in the shortest period time that we got to move to the next
 tier, right?
 And it's just strategically thinking through that at each tier in the value ladder.
 How does this thing get people next to you?
 How does this thing get people next here and keep moving it up from there?
 All right, I hope you guys enjoyed this episode of the marketing secrets podcast.
 If you want to see some of these principles in action and play, you can actually go check
 out one of our challenges and you'll see this whole thing in action.
 So if you go to your first funnel challenge.com, go and register there and then look at the
 process, see what happens, see where I take you, see why I'm taking on that journey.
 And I hope we can see some of these, the practical applications and these strategies.
 So that's it.
 Appreciate you all.
 And see you guys on the next episode of the marketing secrets podcast.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
