 [MUSIC]
 >> You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everyone?
 I am so excited to be hanging out with you guys today.
 I've got so much stuff to talk about.
 I don't even know where exactly to start.
 As you know, I introduced a new framework to you guys over the last year.
 It's a framework we used to launch ClickFunnels.
 So I've nicknamed it the Lynchpin because it all relies on this one thing
 that ties all of your funnels and your offers and everything together.
 It's amazing.
 And we have a new book coming out soon, probably next week or
 two about the Lynchpin that you can buy and you can read.
 Funnall hacking live this year is all going deep on Lynchpin.
 Our two comical decks coaching programs, deep on Lynchpin,
 inner circle, all we're focused on is Lynchpin like,
 he'd tell me, well, Lynchpin is the way.
 And to prove it, I've been launching business after business after business,
 using the Lynchpin framework over the last six months.
 If you're on my list, you probably see a lot of them.
 Some of you probably haven't seen because some of them don't have anything to do with
 me.
 They're other brands we own, other companies.
 But man, now that we've got the process figured out,
 it is insane how fast we are growing each of these individual companies.
 And it is, I don't know, it's exciting.
 In fact, last week we had three dramatic demonstrations happening.
 So if you know about the dramatic demonstrations as part of the Lynchpin,
 it's basically some type of an event.
 So two of the dramatic demonstrations were for
 our new supplement company called Unfair Advantage.
 And one of them was for, and was basically people in ClickFunnels,
 but the offer was called PLR Funnels.
 And some of you saw that campaign as well.
 And all three of those happened last week at the same time.
 So not only are we doing them all, they're like layering different,
 like different businesses are doing them the same days and like back and forth.
 And it's insane.
 It's just growing like an exponential number.
 And so I'm going to be kind of walking into the panel of scenes of just each
 of these different campaigns in future episodes as I kind of go through them.
 But I just wanted to give you as a framework,
 this stuff I'm talking about, a lot of people I came up with a system or
 an idea and they'll promote it to everybody, but they don't actually do it.
 And for me, this is, I don't know, if you want your business to survive in
 the future, it's understanding the mastery of this framework.
 I keep talking about it, I keep talking about people like, I think I get it,
 I think I get it.
 It's funny because last week we were re-explained to Dan Henry because
 we're trying to work on the dramatic demonstration with him.
 And he was like, oh yeah, and then awesome, he got it.
 And he sent this message back completely freaking out.
 He's like, oh, oh, in fact, I wonder if I can find that for you in the next five seconds.
 >> Wow, okay, that is a distinct difference.
 That's like a SLO, Harry Belcher's premiums.
 Like they had a baby and the baby came out backwards.
 [LAUGH]
 >> That's cool, okay.
 So you're like, hey, VIP is 300 bucks.
 But if you sign up to our membership site, you get it for free.
 And we'll give you this cool bonus premium gift that you get.
 I see, you just want to go to the MRO.
 You don't care about, wow, that's genius.
 That's freaking genius.
 That's really, that's really genius.
 You're doing it backwards because you're like, wow, that's pretty cool.
 >> Okay, so there was Dan Henry having the aha, like, my gosh, I finally understand it.
 And my goal is I'm gonna keep talking about this,
 'cause eventually you'll have the aha as well.
 Maybe you already have, and you're all in, you're drinking the cool aid.
 But if not yet, like, I need you to have the aha, like it is, it's that big,
 it's that important, it's something that will transform your business.
 And by doing that, it'll probably transform your life.
 So there you go, there's the pre-setup.
 And again, if you're not a funnel hacking live this year,
 that's all we're going deep into.
 Make sure they're funnel hacking live.com.
 And what's cool is that we're using this not just for
 like info product companies, but like we're using for software companies.
 And then this week we did it for an actual supplement company.
 So it works in any business, it's just understanding some shifts.
 So anyway, I digress.
 This episode is not about the linchpin at all, other than it works and we're doing it.
 But I want to talk about some of these different campaigns.
 So the campaign I want to talk about is the one that I think a lot of you guys
 probably saw, I'm guessing you heard me talk about it.
 And it was our private label rights,
 plrfunnels.com was the campaign.
 We launched it and it did amazing.
 In fact, I had somebody who messed me like,
 "Oh, PLR is dead, Russell, didn't you know?"
 I was like, apparently not, because the campaign crushed it.
 And now the campaign is over, now we are ever greening it.
 And about two weeks from now, we're back live again.
 And we'll keep driving traffic.
 And I think this will be an offer that has over $10 million this year alone.
 And that's exciting, right?
 Like, I don't know.
 I don't know about you, but like if you look at how we do things as part of this
 linchpin, right, we do dramatic demonstrations.
 So dramatic demonstration is just something to get people's attention.
 And it could be as simple as when it was my birthday.
 I did the Russell Brunson's birthday, dramatic demonstration, right?
 We told people it was my birthday and they registered.
 And then the N.E.K. page of the registration, we gave them a trial, the ClickFunnels.
 And from my birthday party, we got 400 something people to join ClickFunnels.
 400 plus people join ClickFunnels, right?
 And so that's the goal is we do these dramatic demonstrations.
 So it could be like my birthday party, it could be a challenge, it could be a webinar,
 it could be, it doesn't really matter.
 Just something that gets people to register for some kind of event,
 some kind of promotions, the kind of dramatic demonstration you may want to call it.
 They consume the dramatic demonstration,
 the end of the dramatic demonstration you make some kind of offer, right?
 But the key is that on the N.E.K. page, then registering is where you're putting people
 into your continuity program.
 This is where your MRR.
 And so for me, I'm always looking for what's something that I can promote on the back end
 that's going to be exciting to ClickFunnels members.
 And so that's what P.O.R. funnels was, it was this really could offer we put together.
 We get like 250 pre-done products for you.
 Like the sales letter, the actual e-book written for you.
 I think 52 of them had done funnels, the funnels were finished.
 I think it was an insanely good offer plus training plus a bunch of other things.
 And so that was the offer was this P.O.R. funnels.
 It was $7,000, $7,000, you got access to and rights to all of these different books.
 And that was what the offer was, right?
 And so for me, when people register at P.O.R. funnels.com, thank you, Paige.
 Thank you so much for registering.
 Here we can give you two P.O.R. products right now for free when you get a ClickFunnels account.
 So we promoted that.
 And from this one little campaign, we got over a thousand.
 I think it was close to like 1,200 people.
 It was 1,100 and something, right?
 Between 1,100 and 1,200 people who actually joined ClickFunnels from my list.
 This is a big deal because people, my list, have heard about ClickFunnels once or twice
 or 8 billion times, you know, from this one little tiny campaign, we only get over almost
 1,200 people, over 1,100 people to join ClickFunnels and get a trial, right?
 So it happened before the webinar even started, right?
 So we got that.
 Then we did the webinar.
 They ended webinar, so it was $797 product that converted like crazy.
 We had a partner in it, so they get half the money.
 We get half the money.
 It was cool for us and then we take that $797.
 We take all the sales we got.
 We take our profits from that.
 And this is the key to the linchpin.
 The people will keep missing.
 It's like, that money's not my money.
 That money is now Mark Zuckerberg's money.
 Okay?
 So I take all the money.
 So for us, it was just shy of a million dollar launch.
 So half that goes to our partner.
 So we ended up with, I don't know, math, $3, $400,000 in cash that we collected from
 the thing we sold at the back, right?
 So we got 1,200 members, joined ClickFunnels.
 We got, when our $300,000, $400,000, whatever is the cash collected.
 Now what we do is take the funnel, we ever green it, right?
 So we put it in, we ever green it.
 The way we ever green it now is we're using either webinar fuel, if it's like a webinar,
 or we're using challenge fuel, if it's a challenge, both Anthony Morrison's products,
 Anthony's the man.
 So we put it, so ClickFunnels funnel, but we plug in the actual thing that plays the
 presentations.
 And either webinar fuel, if it's a one-time presentation, challenge fuel, if it's a multi-day.
 And then we relaunch it.
 We take all that money that Zuckerberg just earned, right?
 Everything we sold on the back.
 And we take 100% of that money.
 We dump into ads.
 We drive more people in.
 They register for P.L.R. funnels, right?
 A whole bunch of them start joining ClickFunnels, which is the only real goal of this campaign.
 Then we do the webinar.
 We sell more P.L.R. funnels.
 We take that money.
 We dump it back into ads.
 And that's how we're going to click funnels.
 So it's making sense.
 Okay, this is this little tweak to everyone's understanding.
 I'm trying to get people to understand that it's the key.
 And so I just want to show that a little bit of that campaign to understand like, "Holy
 cow, this is working."
 The keys are always looking, "Okay, who is your dream customer?"
 Now, what is it something your dream customer?
 Like, what do they want?
 Not what they need.
 Okay, I know everyone in my world, they need ClickFunnels.
 What do they want?
 They want something, right?
 I remember my dad, my dad, I worked for State Farm growing when I was a kid.
 He worked for State Farm.
 And he's always telling me, he's like, "It's easier to sell a cure than prevention."
 Right?
 He's telling people what they want, not what they need.
 So people need ClickFunnels.
 What they want, they want it all done for them.
 They want them, so I always think like, "What's something that people want the most?"
 And so for this month's dramatic demonstration, right?
 The thing they want the most is to have somebody create a product for them.
 Like, that's the hardest thing people have.
 So we created an offer, we actually created the product for them.
 In fact, it's 250 plus eBooks that we wrote.
 We had writers write the eBooks.
 We had people write the sales letters and we gave them both.
 Here's the eBooks that's done.
 Here's the sales letter.
 You can put your name on it.
 You can re-change the title of your new album.
 Like you get private label rights to this book.
 And then here's the sales letter.
 And some of them we built a whole funnel for them and we gave it to people on Silver
 Platter, okay?
 So it's exactly what they want.
 Now they have this, and I've got all these different products where they need, when you
 ClickFunnels to actually sell it, right?
 So now they're more likely to buy the thing I want them to buy.
 That's the key, right?
 And so this is the mindset shift I want you to understand when you're creating your funnels
 and your campaigns and things like that.
 Does that make sense?
 I don't want to kind of go on a deep end of the swimming pool here, but I think we're
 kind of like episodes 600 or something.
 So I feel like we're getting the spot where we can start getting a little deeper, right?
 If not, if I'm confusing to you, go back to episode one and start binge listening.
 Like we've been doing this for a long time and I want to get into some of these fun marketing
 campaigns.
 So anyway, all right.
 So there's a high level just for those who are kind of understanding the landscape and
 like how P.L.R. funnels fit into it.
 Now I'm going to step back and just look at this from like an actual business, okay?
 So first off, P.L.R.
 Private label rights.
 My question to you is, have any of you guys thought about that?
 Like creating private label rights for your audience, right?
 What is like your dream customer?
 What is the biggest pain point to have?
 If you're in the marketing world like I am, one of the biggest pain points is that they
 don't have a product yet, right?
 And so I'm going to just give them the product.
 I see this in the e-commerce world all the time where people will come into the e-commerce
 world like I don't have a product, what am I going to do?
 And so the best offers that crush are the ones who they basically say, well, here's
 the done for you product.
 I mean, they hook them up with a wholesaler and a dropship and they give them the product.
 So the lesson for you guys is like, do you have something where you can do a done for
 you version for your audience, okay?
 It could be a product if you're in my world or it could be whatever in your world.
 Like what's it done for you version in your world, you know?
 So that's the first or not the first, but one of the things to kind of think about.
 Number two is we found partners in this project.
 So a lot of times, you know, a lot of times you go and you want to create new offers.
 Like I got to go do all the work on this.
 Well, it's nice that I found partners for this.
 People who had already created a lot of P.L.R. in the past, they already had a bunch of
 products.
 And so we went and we partnered with them.
 So don't always think every time you create new offer, you have to do a whole thing.
 Like find somebody else who has a good offer, right?
 These guys who we partnered with on P.L.R. funnels was interesting because they've been
 selling private labor rights forever.
 Some of you guys know Paul counts like Paul, someone who I've known for almost more in
 a decade and he was really famous for selling private labor rights all the time.
 And then for some reason, he stopped selling them a couple of years ago and kind of fell
 off and I can tell them again.
 Whoever does private labor rights funnels is going to be rich.
 Like this is a big deal.
 And he's like, "I want to do that, but he's like, you want to do it with me?"
 I was like, "Yes."
 And so he did the work to create all the offers and the products and stuff like that.
 And I was able to go and partner with him and share the revenue.
 We brought the traffic, he brought the product.
 Again, the time you guys have that.
 Find people in your market who have a really, really good product.
 Maybe they're not good at selling.
 Maybe they are good at selling.
 I look at the partnership with the funnel scripts.
 Like Jim Edwards already had software that did scripts in different markets.
 So I came to him and he came to me and we said, "Let's partner together.
 Let's make a new version that's just four click funnels member.
 We'll call it funnel scripts.
 We'll take some of your custom scripts and put them in here."
 And so we found partners like that where I'd never go create funnel scripts or maintain
 it or anything.
 Jim did that.
 But we were able to co-brand this thing together and we both won.
 So the second question I'm going to ask you guys is, "Do you have something like that
 in your market?"
 You probably don't have time to keep creating new offers all the time.
 But there's somebody else who already has a really good offer.
 You can partner with them.
 They bring the product.
 You bring your marketing or your brand or whatever.
 You partner together and get done really quickly.
 We've something similar a little while ago with the challenge secrets launch.
 Some of you guys were part of that.
 I can't remember if I talked about that or recap that in the podcast.
 The same model, but we went to Pedro.
 And Pedro had a course called challenge seekers and I came with some make-up version for us
 and we'll split the money 50/50 on the back because my whole goal is get somebody to go
 and register for the event for the dramatic demonstration and get a click funnels account.
 So we gave people a challenge funnel.
 They registered a challenge funnel on the thank you page which meant they joined click
 funnels.
 Then we did the five day challenge and then we sold Pedro's course.
 He got his half the money.
 We took our half.
 We then evergreen the funnel.
 We took our half and then dumped into ads.
 Now it's this viral loop where it's growing and it's growing and it's growing.
 If you look at any of the Russell Brunson brands and businesses, right now each business
 is doing one dramatic demonstration per month.
 It could be something big like a five day challenge.
 It could be something smaller like a webinar.
 It could be something dumb like it's my birthday or it could be a book review.
 It could be a tele seminar.
 It could be a webinar.
 We're doing Dan Kennedy's business.
 I think I can't get Dan to do a webinar.
 So we'll do a tele seminar down.
 Jump on for an hour and talk.
 We get people to register for that and guess what?
 On the thank you page we get them to get him to promote or get, we can promote continuity
 his, the no BS letter, right?
 Which gives people membership.
 So anyway, these are just different ideas to start thinking about it.
 Because for me if I had created new offer every single month, so my audience, I couldn't
 do it.
 So instead what we do is we go and we find a partner a lot of times and we partner them
 and then they bring the product.
 And I know in my world I'm like, I know that somebody who buys this product is going to
 need ClickFunnels.
 They're going to want this thing.
 They're going to need ClickFunnels.
 They're going to want to do challenges.
 They're going to need ClickFunnels.
 They're going to want to do PLR.
 They're going to need ClickFunnels, right?
 So I'm looking at the wants and the needs.
 That makes sense.
 Okay, I know this one's in the deeper end of the, of the pool.
 But I hope that some of you guys are having the light bulb moments here, seeing like,
 holy cow, that's how Russell's growing ClickFunnels will be right now.
 That's how it's growing.
 Like the ad cost for four or five, six times what there used to be just two years ago,
 he's still growing because of this model.
 So I keep preaching it from the, you know, from the, from the mount tops yelling out,
 like you guys, you have to understand this.
 Like this is the, this is the way to do it.
 Okay.
 And so those are the core things.
 And again, oh, a couple of other, sorry, other pieces.
 When you're creating your offer, it's always looking like what are other things you can
 do that you can increase the value.
 When we first did this PLR Funnels, the product was, was 52 PLR Funnels, which meant my partners,
 they've gone and created 52 PLR products.
 They had funnels, they had everything done.
 And that was going to be the product.
 And I remember that back then 15, 20 years ago, I had a membership site called Self-Control
 Millionaires and I had a whole bunch of pre-done products I created back then.
 There were pre, you know, done books and sales letters.
 And so I was able to go and find those and I added that to the offer.
 So it was like, you gave another 60 self-improvement product products to this offer.
 Right?
 So now they made the offer more valuable.
 And then we went back to nichology.com and we found, we called the founder of that and
 we said, Hey, you know, you shut the site down, but back in the day, you had to sit with a
 lot of PLR stuff.
 Can we license it from you?
 And he literally just gave it to us.
 He said, Yeah, go for it.
 You can have it.
 And he gave us like 147 more products.
 And so like this offer got sexier, sexier, so we kept going on.
 So a few of the same things, you're creating products that you're starting to think like,
 like what are the things that can be like kind of partner, kind of licensed, kind of buy,
 like what are other things I can plug in here to make this offer even more sexy, even more
 exciting.
 Right?
 And so I think a lot of times what a lot of marketers do is they spend so much time,
 like they'll create their course and they're like, Oh, I need a bonus.
 And so they created another course and you know, they're bonus.
 They created another course and then it's two, they had eight different courses.
 It's like, don't just create more courses.
 Like what are other other ways you can increase the value of this offer?
 Like who are other people that sold stuff similar in the past who no longer sells those
 things like, like, for example, we did.
 So, funnel, funnel, funnel, flex a couple of years ago, I was trying to get people to
 let me put their content in the membership site.
 And it was crazy how many people was like literally like, Oh, I, I used to sell this course
 for $2,000.
 It's not on the market.
 Now I'm sure you can plug it in.
 You can have it.
 And they just gave us these courses that were amazing.
 They just stopped using, you know, and there's like so many examples of that where they,
 like there's just these amazing assets and things that, that people would give you just
 for asking, where they can license them, maybe paying $500 or $1,000 to license it and give
 it to your members or things like that.
 Like, you don't always think you have to create everything from scratch.
 It was crazy that this whole campaign is that I didn't create anything, right?
 I'd partner with the back end product.
 We licensed content.
 We licensed products.
 I was able to find stuff that I had sold years ago that, you know, sitting in my hard
 drive, I've been sold for a long time.
 Like going back to my old archives, like looking back in your Google Drive, like what
 else you have in there?
 Right.
 Dan Kennedy is every time we have a new Dan Kennedy campaign, I open up the Google Drive
 that has his entire archives or search and I'm like, oh, there's this.
 Oh, there's it.
 And we start finding all these amazing things, you know?
 And so it's just, it's just exciting.
 And so anyway, there's a lot of things.
 There's like 500 little tips that we use to on the PLR Fundless launch that hopefully
 will give you some ideas on ways that you can, you can grow your business as well.
 All right.
 That's what I'm going to end.
 This is an episode got a little long, but I got excited and I wanted to, I don't know.
 It's always hard to me.
 I like have so many things I want to share with everybody.
 And it's always hard to because someone just jumps into podcasts and it's the first episode
 to listen to.
 Like, what is Russell talking about?
 But if you've been on this journey with me for a little while, I keep laying down these
 ideas and hopefully now that you're able to pick up a lot of stuff, I'm laying down
 a lot quicker.
 So without, that's the hope you guys enjoy this next episode.
 I'm going to tell you guys behind the scenes of the other launches were happening during
 the same time for our supplement brand called Unfair Advantage.
 So I'll talk about it during the next episode and hope you guys do that as well because
 we've done three dramatic demonstrations for that business is growing really, really quickly.
 And so we are the Lynchcom model even works for supplement companies.
 So there you go.
 I appreciate y'all thanks for listening and we'll talk to you all soon.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (soothing music)
