 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> All right, everybody, welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 This is Russell and this is the exciting conclusion of the Lynchpin training.
 And everything is to hear this stuff.
 As you know, the funnel hacking live this year is coming soon and
 this year's theme is the Lynchpin, we're going deep into it.
 And I want you guys to understand these principles because when you understand them,
 you can start applying into your business.
 So if you don't have your tickets, you have to funnel hacking live,
 go and get them because you're going to want to go deep with this on the Lynchpin.
 But anyway, this is step two of the process.
 Last presentation we talked about just the whole principle,
 like the foundational things you have to know and understand for the Lynchpin to work.
 Now we're going through all the actual mechanics of it.
 We're going to three of the key elements that are essential.
 It's going to be awesome.
 So with that said, I hope you enjoy the exciting conclusion of this Lynchpin training.
 [MUSIC]
 So now I want to walk you through what this actual Lynchpin model is.
 So again, if we can zoom out again, I'll show you this is what the whole thing looks like.
 And today we're not going to have a chance to go through all of it because this is like,
 for me and our businesses, all the pieces, right?
 But I'm going to go through the core things that are associated with you guys doing actual webinars.
 And I want to caveat this as well, saying that,
 well, you know I bought a lot of companies, we have a lot of companies.
 For me, if a business does not fit into this model, it's not worth doing.
 We just won't do it.
 We flat out will not do it.
 Like everything we do fits into this model or we don't do it.
 Everyone we coach, their businesses fit into this model or else we help them get there.
 It's tough because a lot of people, like they have a live event.
 It's like, I'm killing, I'm making a million dollars a year, 10 million dollars a year
 in live events.
 Like, cool, that's a piece of this.
 But it's all the gold live events that also get people in the Compounding continuity, right?
 I have a webinar, I have a challenge.
 Cool, it's all about getting people continuity.
 So, understand that ahead of time, like, I'm so deep on this.
 I told all our students, like, you need to tattoo this to your forearm and look at everything
 they can say, because it's that important.
 This is the way, this is the business model.
 And again, I'm not going to have a chance to go into all of it.
 I want to go into the parts that are essential for you guys that master for you to be, like,
 to be able to do this with webinars, okay?
 So again, the first step down here, this piece right here is continuity.
 Okay, we talked about already.
 If you don't have continuity, you don't have a business.
 And I would look at all of you guys' businesses and try to figure out, like, the question
 to one is, is how to make my business continuity.
 And actually, so I have a high in-mash, my group, you'll pay $250,000 a year to be part
 of it.
 And one of our students is Pedro Deo, a lot of you guys know Pedro, he's the challenge
 guy, right?
 And Pedro is sitting in the room, and again, it's funny hearing him explain this.
 I wish he was here so he could tell it to his own words.
 But he was sitting in the room.
 I said, "If you don't have continuity, you don't have a business."
 And he raised his hands like, "Well, I do challenges, and I don't have continuity."
 He's like, "But I've made a lot of money, and I have a lot of houses, and I have a lot
 of nice cars, a lot of stuff."
 Like, that feels like it's real.
 It feels like a real business.
 And I was like, "Dude, just trust me."
 Like, I promise you.
 So he said that day he went home, he jumped in the plane, he was flying home, and he started
 thinking, "What if Russell's right?
 What if--?"
 Like, you know, I'm paying him, he's my mentor.
 Like, what if he's actually right?
 He started thinking through that.
 And so he shifted from like, "No, I don't have continuity.
 Like Russell's crazy.
 I'm making tons of money."
 Like, "What if?
 Like, what if Russell's right?"
 And so at the time he was doing his next challenge and went back and he shifted the offer to
 include continuity, and we've been in there.
 This does the same challenge, he was in a way.
 And when this challenge ended, he ended up like, I can't remember his act numbers.
 There's over a million dollars, a seven figure a month, a seven figure a year worth of continuity,
 and then this challenge.
 And he's like, "It's crazy."
 He's like, "My old challenge has made a million dollars.
 It's just one of like--."
 I made the money.
 Plus, I ended up with continuity of seven figures a year just going recurring.
 And he's like, "Now I can start adding that and growing it."
 And he's like, "It changed everything for me."
 And he's all come back to that premise of like, "What if Russell's right?
 What if it actually has continuity?"
 So first thing's understanding that.
 And so for a lot of you guys to get it, you're just going to be like shifting the way you
 think, because right now you're selling a course.
 Where you're like, "Someone buys it, they get the course and it's done."
 So the shifting from a course to continuity, it's just shifting like how you fulfill on
 it.
 Right?
 I had one of my friends and mentors talk about how the thing you're selling is always the
 same, right?
 But it's how you get there.
 A good example.
 I'm like, "My book is the same thing I teach in our courses, the same thing I teach in
 our live events, the same thing I teach at our $250,000.
 Our mastermind is like, "It's the same thing.
 It's just how do you want to get to the result?"
 Right?
 Like you can go and you can walk to the result, right?
 Or you can like get on a bike and ride a bike through the resort.
 Or you can get a car and drive there.
 Or you can get in a plane and you can fly there.
 Or you can get the plane right at first class and get there.
 Or you can book a private plane and get there.
 Right?
 But the result's the same.
 So the thing you're selling, the result's the same.
 It's just how are you getting somebody there?
 With a course that's usually like, "Hey, you're going to walk, good luck, hope you figured
 out."
 Right?
 With the continuity, it's not that.
 It's saying, "Hey, let's ride together.
 Jump in a plane."
 Like it's something different.
 It's a different level of how you fulfill on something.
 So taking what you already have and looking at it, like, "How do I create deliverables
 monthly so someone sticks?"
 So they're not just here buying a course I never seen again.
 But like it incorporates something in there to make it something that's living, breathing
 that exists.
 There's a reason why people continue to pay you month after month.
 Okay?
 So that's the first thing to shift.
 All right.
 I'll get off my continuity soapbox, but I promise you guys, the quality of life will dramatically
 change.
 We should have focused on continuity.
 Okay?
 All right.
 Number two, of all the things that we sell in our business, continuity is the second
 hardest thing to sell.
 The first hardest thing is live events.
 How many of you have your live events?
 Okay?
 We do an event called Funnahacking Live.
 We get 5,000 people come every single year.
 Of all the things I sell, that's the hardest.
 Because something's going to buy the ticket plus it's got to have flights, hotels, time
 off, babysitters.
 You know, it's like there's like 500 yeses.
 That's the hardest thing to sell.
 The second hardest thing to sell is continuity.
 Okay?
 So a couple of years ago, now, wow, it's crazy, two years ago, I had a chance to buy my mentors
 company.
 My mentors, Dan Kennedy, have you guys know Dan Kennedy?
 I bought his company and it was one of the coolest things in the world to be able to meet
 my mentor and buy this company.
 And I was like, this is the coolest thing in the world.
 And after I bought the company, I have all these assets.
 I have like 40 books.
 He's written all these courses, all this stuff.
 And the core backborns companies, he has a print newsletter called the No BS Loozler.
 And at the peak, they had like 10,000 subscribers who were paying like a hundred bucks a month
 listening.
 And that was the peak of the business.
 And when we bought it, it had shrunk down to I think there were about 900 people or so
 still on continuity.
 Right?
 But that was still the core of the business.
 The reason why Dan Kennedy is so relevant is because the continuity had lived for almost
 20 something years.
 Right?
 So I bought the company, I'm like, okay, number one goal is we have continuity.
 Like that's this business is the continuity business.
 So we will buy it because it's continuity business.
 And so the next question, I was like, well, Dan, how did you get 10,000 people to pay
 you 97 bucks a month to get a newsletter in the mail?
 Like, what was the process?
 How did it work?
 And I asked him, I asked his team and everybody told me the exact same thing.
 Like, it's the Miff key.
 I was like, excuse me?
 Did you sneeze?
 Like, what did you just say?
 Like the Miff key?
 Like the Miff key?
 Like it was the weirdest word I'm like, what are you talking about?
 And they came back and said the Miff key.
 And then they, one of the guys on the team wrote it out on the board.
 He said, the Miff key sounds for the most incredible free gift ever.
 The Miff key.
 And he was like, oh, I remember the way I got into Dan Kennedy's world 20 years ago, when
 I first signed up was they had this thing.
 It was the most incredible free gift ever.
 When you sign up, you get this thing for free when you join the newsletter.
 Okay?
 So you created an irresistible offer to get somebody to join continuity.
 And so I looked at that and I remember as we were going through the stuff, I was looking
 at like a bunch of case studies.
 Like one of the most fascinating ones is sports illustrator.
 Sports Illustrated is a continuity program.
 And in the 80s, it was dying.
 It was almost the point where it was about to go bankrupt and shut the doors.
 And then some brilliant marketing person had an idea.
 They said, we should create a Miff key.
 They didn't call the Miff key back then.
 They were like, we need a really irresistible offer to get people to sign up for our continuity
 program.
 And so the offer they created and those who have been around since the 80s or 90s, you
 remember this, they created an offer where it's like, hey, when you subscribe to Sports
 Illustrated, we are going to send you a football phone and the Sports Illustrated swimsuit
 issue.
 Like that was the offer.
 Okay?
 And you go for free when you join continuity.
 And so I came back to Dan.
 I'm like, well, how did you guys do the continuity?
 We had a bunch of versions.
 I found like in the Google Drive, all their old sales letters, I found like 20 versions
 of the way they sold a continuity.
 Different ways they made their Miff key.
 So we created a Miff key with Kennedy.
 And this is what it turned out to be.
 So we created this box and it's a physical, we call it a physical Miff key.
 There's digital Miff keys as well, but made a physical Miff key.
 And inside there, we have a bunch of stuff we have.
 We put Dan Kennedy's magnet marketing book.
 We put a book for me.
 We have a bunch of stuff like we just made a really, really irresistible offer.
 And if you guys want to see the way we structured this, I'm not pitching this so I, but if you
 want to see if you want to know bsletter.com, you can see like, that's the Miff key page,
 right?
 And so we created the Miff key page and basically was like, hey, here, get all this cool stuff
 in Nank Kennedy for free when you join continuity.
 And then we launched this to Dan Kennedy's existing list.
 And we went from 800 people on subscription to 5,000 plus people on subscription in seven
 days.
 Okay?
 How does that change the metrics of the business?
 It changes them dramatically, right?
 We created a Miff key.
 We started driving traffic to this Miff key.
 Okay?
 That was the first piece on that.
 And I started telling everybody coaching programs like, you guys, you just make Miff
 keys for your thing.
 And everybody got confused because like, what is Miff key?
 And so don't stress about the word.
 It's a lot of people are like, why don't we have anything for free to give away?
 Anyway, you can do paid Miff keys like it doesn't have to be free, but this is basically
 just an irresistible offer.
 And here's this little offer they get when they join continuity.
 Typically, our Miff keys are useful, but incomplete.
 They are amazing, they're like the gracing of the world, but they're not the course.
 There's not teaching made, like all the stuff.
 It's like, here's a book and a report and some contracts and cool things, which like,
 I must have that thing, right?
 So it's Miff key, which gives people an continuity.
 So we did that for Kenny's business.
 We blew it up.
 I started telling everybody Miff keys.
 And one day I'm sitting there, because I've done this before, we were like, telling
 somebody to do something and I'll say, right, I wonder if I were to hire myself, what I
 would tell myself to do.
 And I was like, we own this company called ClickFunnels.
 It's got a big continuity program.
 What if you made a Miff key for ClickFunnels?
 I was like, huh, I should do what I'm telling everyone else to do.
 So then we came back and so we made a Miff key for ClickFunnels.
 The Miff key for ClickFunnels is called your first funnel.
 And it's a box with a bunch of stuff.
 And again, this is a physical Miff key.
 You can do digital, I don't want to ship a box and stuff.
 You don't have to, but we do, right?
 So there's a book, there's a t-shirt, a whole bunch of stuff.
 And this is our Miff key for ClickFunnels.
 So put this out there.
 We launched this Miff key.
 And again, I wish I could have three days to go deep in this, but we launched this Miff
 gear, upsells and downsells.
 And what's crazy is right now, if we drive traffic, we're going to do it.
 And if we drive traffic directly to ClickFunnels.com, it costs about $200.
 You get a free trial.
 I drive it the same traffic to your first funnel.com, which is our Miff key.
 Our cost to acquire is less.
 It's like somewhere between $100-$120 to get somebody to get the free Miff key kit, right?
 Because it's an irresistible offer.
 And then we also upsells and downs, those like with traditional funnel.
 And so we actually make back like $200.
 So now I can drive people to our ClickFunnels Miff key and it's completely profitable up
 front before people in the economy.
 Again, whoever can spend the most money to acquire custom wins, Miff key gives the
 ability to outspend everybody else as well.
 So that's step one, step two.
 Number one, you're going to be sitting through, you're going to have a Miff key.
 And so that's the first step.
 Now you're saying, Russell, what does it do with the webinar?
 This makes no sense.
 I thought we were here to learn about webinars.
 And so I want to show you how the webinar with the Miff key with the company, this little
 three-piece play right here is how we grew ClickFunnels, instead of being $20 million
 of your company, it's a $200 million of your company because how these three things play
 together.
 So the next step right here, if you come back to this core thing right here, this step right
 here is called dramatic demonstrations.
 So for me, a dramatic demonstration is like I'm doing something out in the marketplace
 to get attention.
 Okay?
 And so dramatic demonstrations can be anything.
 My favorite dramatic demonstrations are either challenges or webinars.
 For me personally, it's webinars.
 I am a webinar guy.
 I love it.
 But a lot of people are groups, the challenge is more.
 So this doesn't really matter.
 But it's something we're putting out there to get people excited, right?
 To get people to register.
 In fact, my birthday was like a month ago and I was like, we should do a dramatic demonstration
 and have a birthday party for me.
 People are like, you want a birthday party?
 I'm like, no, I want people to register for my birthday party because then register for
 the birthday party.
 Then what I can do is on the thank you page.
 I can say thank you for registering for my birthday party.
 It's going to be amazing.
 Hey, before you go on the webinar, I've got an ears-displopper for you and I offer them
 the myth key.
 Okay?
 For my birthday party, we put 450 people into ClickFunnels.
 450 people times 97, that level is $140 a month.
 Who's my mathematicians?
 Get a calculator.
 450 people times $150 a month, let's say, is, anyway, someone's going to, Ben's pulling
 it out for me right now.
 67, 500.
 67,000 a month of new recurring income times that by 12, what's that times by 12?
 Obviously, all these people aren't sticking in all that kind of stuff.
 I fully understand that, but let's just say they were too.
 800.
 So $800,000 was my birthday present to myself because I said, let's do a birthday party,
 right?
 My goal with the dramatic demonstration is to do something just to get them to register
 because if they register, they come here, right?
 I talk about some dramatic, something cool happened by my birthday party.
 They register, they keep page, I can make them the myth key offer.
 And then I do my birthday party and the end of I can sell a bulk version of that anyway.
 So that's what the next step is, is your dramatic demonstration, right?
 And for our intents and purposes, the best dramatic demonstration that we do is a webinar.
 Okay?
 So we go here, we create a webinar.
 We drive traffic to the webinar.
 Some register for webinar.
 Okay?
 So whenever your hook is for the webinar, they register for webinar and this is the key.
 On the thank you page, instead of just saying, thank you here, thanks for register for the
 webinar.
 Here's the date and time.
 Thanks for registering for webinar.
 Here's my SLO at 37LU book where we're doing this come back saying, thank you so much for
 register for webinar.
 It's going to be amazing.
 We're starting three days and before we jump on though, I wanted to give you a leg up.
 I wanted to give you something irresistible.
 Now during this webinar, I'm going to be talking about ClickFunnels, my Caught Nude program.
 I'm going to be talking about the No BS letter which is Dan Katie's print news.
 I'm going to be talking about all bomb broth which is our supplement so you're going to
 love them.
 I'm going to be talking about whatever it is your thing is, right?
 These are some of my brands.
 I'm going to talk about Lady Boss where it's the supplements that we use to help people
 lose weight, right?
 So you talk about that.
 Now on the webinar, I'm going to be showing this stuff but I want you guys to have access
 and I want you to play with it before you get on.
 I want you guys to use ClickFunnels for you.
 I want you to order the stuff.
 I want you to order a sample of supplements so that when I'm telling you guys about the
 benefits of bone broth, you can actually try it and you can taste it ahead of time.
 So because I made an irresistible offer, what we're going to do is that when you sign up
 right now, I'm going to give you blah, blah, blah, blah for free and then we give you
 30 days access to my continuity program.
 Now I'm doing that because I want you to have access to everything.
 I want you to see everything that way before the webinar.
 You can log in.
 You can play with it.
 You can see all of this stuff and then in the webinar I'm going to show you how you can
 use this to get the result you're here for, right?
 So that's kind of the game plan.
 And then if you don't like it, you can cancel a little bit of our jump but make sure you
 have access to this before the webinar starts that way we can like speak intelligently.
 You'll know what I'm talking about.
 You can play with it and I can show you how to actually use this.
 That's not good.
 Cool.
 Okay?
 That is the secret.
 That is the key.
 The registered webinar, thank you, page of the webinar.
 I don't do an SLO.
 I don't just tell them date and time.
 I get them to sign up for continuity.
 I make them an ears of this buffer.
 Get them sent to continuity.
 And the reason why, because everything I'm marking is back to the reason why.
 The reason why is because during the webinar right here, I'm going to be showing you guys
 the power of my membership.
 I'm going to show you guys the power of Dan Kennedy's print news.
 I'm going to show you guys the power of bone broth.
 I'm going to show you guys the power of green drinks.
 I'm showing you guys the power of personality profiles.
 I'm going to show you, these are all my companies.
 I'm drawing off the big benefit, right?
 I'm going to show you that during the webinar.
 So get the trial right now.
 We're going to give you this stuff.
 And again, it doesn't have to be a box you ship out to them.
 For a lot of our companies, we do ship stuff out.
 For our supplement companies, we ship things out.
 But we have digital mythies as well, right?
 So we get digital mythies.
 It can be completely digital.
 Before we show the webinar, I want to make sure you have access to our membership sites.
 You can see what's happening.
 You can go meet the community and go ahead of a bunch of people in there.
 We'll give you free access for 30 days.
 And then after the webinar, for me, just let us know what cancels and won't cost you anything.
 But that way you have access to that plush and keep all these other bonuses just for
 test drive and just for trying it out.
 That is the big secret.
 It's so simple.
 It's so easy.
 It's just shifting the S below from there.
 It's over here.
 Then on the end of the webinar, when I do sell the thing, and this is the last thing, and
 then I'm almost out of time here, when I do sell the thing at the end of the webinar,
 what I'm actually selling is not someone off course.
 This is the mistake people make.
 What I'm selling is bulk access to the same continuity.
 I'm selling bulk access.
 So if you look at any of my webinars, the myth you give a 30-day trial to the continuity,
 right?
 If you watch my webinar or my challenge, the end of it, I'm saying, "Hey, I'm going to
 give you six months of continuity for free.
 I'm going to give you 12 months of my continuity for free," whatever that is.
 And then I'm going to make a special offer, right?
 So then I make, if you buy today, I'm going to give you my course and my business.
 You make a traditional webinar offer, but the key thing, the big secret, is the bulk
 continuity.
 I'm just selling bulk access to this because everything I'm doing is getting my entire
 business structure to get people in continuity, myth-keys, continuity, webinars, continuity.
 Everything I'm doing is getting just people to get them into continuity.
 So that's how we structure this.
 In my last 30 seconds before my presentation's got to be up, if you look at the way I do
 my presentation, you'll notice that when I make my offer and make my stack, the thing
 people want the most is the continuity.
 They want click funnels, they want supplements, they want whatever the thing is.
 And so what I do, when I do this presentation, I'm going to give you six months of this for
 free when you invest in my offer.
 Okay, that little shift in how you structure your offer is different from $20 million a
 year and $200 million a year.
 Does that make sense?
 A little tiny shift in how you structure it.
 Okay?
 You're going to get this, the thing they want the most, which is your continuity, the thing
 you're doing, you get that for free when you invest in this.
 You get this for free for six months or 12 months, whatever it is, when you invest in
 the offer.
 So that you guys is how we've used webinars to grow and scale and take click funnels
 to where it is today.
 And I can't believe I got down with five seconds to go.
 That's the thank you so much for letting me be here today.
 I hope you enjoyed this presentation.
 But that's that I'm passing back on.
 Thank you guys so much for having me and I will talk to you all soon.
 Bye everybody.
 All right, hopefully that was helpful.
 Hopefully you guys are seeing the vision of the Lynch Pin.
 Why is so exciting?
 You can re-use this right now to launch something with companies, launch Lady Bosses, Network
 Marketing Company.
 We need to launch every business, everything.
 If it doesn't fit in the Lynch Pin formula, we're not using it.
 In the last 18 months, we have launched more of these than anybody else in the planet.
 And it just works over and over and over and over and over again.
 In fact, as the day I'm recording this, we're about to do the PLR webinar.
 We have a PLR Funnels webinar that's going live and we use this model.
 And so far, 11% of people who registered for webinar are signing for ClickFunnels trials.
 It's crazy.
 That's coming to my list who has heard me talk about ClickFunnels once or twice over
 the last decades.
 So, still converting 11%, which is insane.
 Insanity.
 Anyway, I want to make sure you guys don't miss this.
 So, it's time to start looking at the Lynch Pin and the framework for your business.
 Yeah, and if you want to go deep on this with us again, go to funnelhackinglive.com.
 That's where we're spending four days this September going deep into the Lynch Pin formula
 with all five or six thousand funnel hackers.
 I want to make sure you are there.
 So, go get your tickets at funnelhackinglive.com, bring your spouse, your business partners.
 It is essential for you to understand this if you want your business to thrive in the
 future.
 With ad costs going up and all the other chaos, the Lynch Pin is the way that you cannot spend
 all your competitors.
 It's the way you can make the most amount of money so you can scale your business, where
 you can get continuity in your business, all the things you want.
 And we're going to go deep on it this year's funnelhackinglive.
 So, go get your tickets if you don't yet.
 And that's it.
 Thank you so much for everything.
 And we'll talk to you soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 NOW ARE YOU GOING TO BE BE A M Roast or OWL?
