 Welcome back to the Magnetic Marketing Saga.
 In this episode, we talk about how do you change the attractive character?
 [MUSIC]
 >> You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> Hey, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back.
 Today, we are talking about the Magnetic Marketing Challenge.
 And this is important because obviously, we've done a lot of challenges in
 ClickFunnels and Marketing Secrets and all our different businesses.
 But this one is different because one of the major goals of this challenge
 was to actually change the attractive character.
 And that's what we'll talk about today because I get so many of you guys.
 When you hear the concept of attractive character, right?
 So I talk about it in all three of my books,
 .com Secrets, Expert Secrets, Traffic Secrets.
 I always talk about having an attractive character and
 a pushback I give me is because I see it.
 I see in the DM, I see the messages, see the posts online.
 It's like, I don't want to be attractive character because they can never sell my
 business, right?
 And that's what people always say.
 So a lot of times they don't become the attractive character and
 their business never gets to the spot where it can be sellable anyway.
 Especially in today's world, like having attractive character is one of
 if not the most important things.
 People don't connect today with brands.
 They connect with people, right?
 You ask my kids, like, what's the biggest drink in the world?
 I don't know.
 And then if I'm like, who's the biggest YouTuber in the world?
 They're like, Logan Paul, I'm like, what's his drink?
 Prime, they know instantly, right?
 Because they don't connect with prime, they connect with Logan, right?
 That's the thing people understand.
 So having attractive character is essential to be able to grow, to be able
 to connect people to traffic ads, connections, something, all the stuff is
 based on a character, right?
 Which one of the premises of everything we do when we talk about it click funnels.
 And so, but the question is like, well, what do I do?
 How do I build this thing?
 And no one's going to want to buy it if I'm the attractive character.
 So that's what we're going to talk about today.
 So as you guys know, Dan Kennedy is the attractive character in that business.
 And it's interesting because when Dan sold the company, sold it to Bill Glaser,
 and then Bill Glaser co-branded together, so it was Dan and Bill.
 In fact, he even changed the name from, I think it was Kennedy Inner Circle of Time.
 He changed it to Glaser Kennedy Inner Circle.
 It became GKIC for all the old school people.
 You remember it was GKIC for a decade after Bill sold it to another company.
 They, I don't know what they did initially.
 They just kind of ran into the ground.
 They know what they were doing.
 They actually, it was interesting.
 They actually tried to get rid of the attractive character.
 Like, we don't need Dan.
 We have all the training.
 They tried like almost enough Dan out, which is weird.
 You cover the attractive character and sales went down in the company.
 The point where eventually I was able to buy it.
 Now, when I bought it, for me, obviously Dan is still the attractive character.
 But Dan also isn't going to do what I do as an attractive character, right?
 I'm on Facebook Lives and Podcasts and interviews and I'm traveling the world.
 I'm speaking at events like a lot of things I do that I'm not going to get Dan Kennedy
 to do as much as I wanted to.
 I tried to put in his contract.
 He would not do TikTok ads.
 Like, he just refused.
 I don't know why.
 So, you know, he did in the contract was willing to write a weekly fact.
 So we got those coming in.
 Almost because of TikTok ad, but he wasn't going to do some things, right?
 So, initially when I bought the company, I kind of co-branded me and Dan, right?
 Because we need somebody to be out in front.
 And so, the first year of me owning my net marketing, you'll notice that I was on the
 sales videos.
 And as I was doing it, the role I was taking was not of like a co-branding.
 I was looking at it myself as I was the reporter.
 Like, I'm the reporter.
 There's this guy.
 He's my mentor.
 He's my hero.
 He's Dan Kennedy, which he is, right?
 So, I was reporting on him, bringing back the best stuff.
 Here's what I learned from Dan.
 Here's what Dan's doing.
 I was on a hiking live and I interviewed him.
 I let him be the star of the show.
 And for a year, I did that, right?
 So that way, everyone in my world and ClickFunnels audience now became very familiar with Dan.
 They fell in love with him.
 You know, we've got five or six thousand people now on his newsletter.
 That first phase worked.
 But after a year into this business, I'm like, I can't keep being the attractive character
 for ClickFunnels and kind of a partial attractive character for my net marketing.
 Like, we need somebody who can take that role, who can be the front of him, who can be running
 the events, who can be doing the mastermind groups, who can do all those things, right?
 And so, when I had my day with Dan Kennedy, when I had a chance to fly out to Cleveland
 and spend time with him in his home, in the basement, that's one of the questions I asked
 him.
 I was like, I can't, I can't, I'm being stretched thin amongst all the things I'm doing.
 And as I got, I need somebody who you think represents the face of magnetic marketing the
 best.
 Somebody who is a student who has done this, ideally someone who's done it both in the brick
 and mortar world, right?
 Because so much of magnetic marketing is based off of brick and mortar companies, right?
 But also someone who's done it on the online and info product world and someone who can
 relate to both sides of it.
 And I asked Dan that like, who is there somebody who you know who could be that person?
 And it was cool because he wasn't like, well, here's five people you could pick from.
 He came back and he said, there's one.
 He's like, the person I'd recommend is Marty Ford.
 And I didn't, I'd met Marty once.
 I'd seen him, but I didn't really know much of his story.
 I'm like, well, tell me a story.
 He said, well, Marty had a music school, like a brick and mortar physical location.
 People came and learn music from him, right?
 And when he learned about magnetic marketing and Kennedy based marketing, he went and he
 blew up that school, max its capacity, he opened like a dozen other schools, had success
 there, right?
 Applying magnetic marketing to physical like actual stores.
 Then he said, you got so good at that.
 He said, I'm going to teach other music schools how to do the same thing.
 So he created information business and started teaching schools that and then use that info,
 you know, use the Danny, and he marketing to launch the info business and, you know, start
 the business and start with a course and then an event and then a mastermind and coaching
 program.
 And now the info business is, I think, said three times bigger than the other one.
 But he's like done both sides of it, right?
 And he's someone who, yeah, he's a Danny Kennedy disciple like me who followed him and said
 that he'd be the person who could kind of become the front of this.
 And so I messaged Marty.
 I was like, would you be interested?
 And luckily he said, yeah, he was honored.
 He loved to do it.
 And so we started kind of putting the pieces together.
 It started with fun hacking live.
 Me, Marty, went to Dan Kennedy's hotel room and we spent time kind of talking about householding
 good work.
 And so that was kind of the game plan.
 Now, obviously we still have Dan is still the attractive character of the company.
 He's the core person now.
 He has his core teachings, trainings, frameworks, philosophy, everything that we're leveraging.
 But Marty, we want to transition to be the front.
 And so I thought the best way to start that is by doing a challenge.
 By the way, everybody in the community can be introduced to him.
 But at the same time, we don't want to lose Dan in the equation, right?
 I've seen a lot of people who have, in fact, other people who have bought Dan's company
 in the past.
 I've seen other people who have tried to do this.
 They try to take the guru out of it.
 They try to take that person out.
 And when they snuff out the voice that people are there to hear, that's when things collapse.
 And so the vision I had as we were creating this is if you've ever been to Tony Robbins,
 you, Tony used to teach for four days.
 The whole event was Tony teaching.
 Four days from him getting you in state, you're jumping around, you're doing a bunch of stuff.
 But then eventually Tony's voice started losing his voice.
 That's why Tony talks like this now, because he was doing so many advances.
 His voice was having problems.
 So then Tony brought in someone named Joseph McClendon.
 Anyone who's ever been UPW, you know Joseph McClendon.
 He's kind of the sub-attractive character, right?
 And Joseph now runs the days of Tony's not there.
 So Tony's there day one and day four, I believe.
 Day one and three, day one and three.
 And then Joseph McClendon teaches day two and four.
 But what's cool is that Joseph doesn't just get up there and like now start teaching Joseph
isms for the next, you know, the entire day.
 He's there to talk about like how he's applied to his principles.
 Then they push it back and they show videos of Tony, which if you ever been to the UPW,
 day two, you know, it's like Joseph on stage talking about a principle, show how it's
 in his life.
 And then they clip to a video clip, Tony goes and teaches it, Joseph comes back out, reinforces
 it, and they keep doing that for the other two days.
 And so I was like, if we could do something like that, that would be the magic.
 Because I'm sure yes, I could pay Dan and we could weave Dan into this challenge and
 be amazing.
 But like I don't, I want to like what's going to happen someday when Dan's done, when he
 retires or whatever, like we needed to figure out the model today so it could be sustainable
 over time.
 And so for the challenge, I made Marty the face of it.
 Marty was the face we talked about like when people opted in the, it had Marty, you know,
 Marty and Dan came to face on the registration page.
 Most people registered for the challenge, the on the thank you page, we had an upsell for
 the No BS newsletter, right, for the Miff key.
 And so we had Marty actually do the one who was actually pitching that, right?
 He said, you know, I'm excited to be spending time with you guys over the next five days
 on one of Dan Kennedy students.
 I love them.
 I'm going to be your lead trainer over the next five days.
 And so I just wanted to say hi.
 By the way, this is why I need a newsletter.
 He's able to talk about what it's meant in his life, why it's so important, why they
 need to buy it, right?
 So we were able to use him as a attractive character there.
 Then when the challenge actually started, again, Dan was not part of the challenge, right?
 Instead, it was Marty teaching a principal or philosophy showing how to apply to his
 business.
 And then we pushed it to video of Dan from the past.
 Dan teaching when he was running a millionaire seminar, one of his half day events or one
 of his super conference or info summits teaching the principal we needed.
 So we pushed the video, Dan would teach the principal, Marty come back to reinforce the
 principal, talk about it, and show it on people's lives.
 And that's what we did for the five days back and forth and back and forth.
 And obviously for me, I was a little nervous because it's different, right?
 Like, how is this going to work?
 And we bring somebody else in, is the community going to like him or can connect with him?
 Is he going to be able to sell at the end of it, right?
 Marty sells people at his events, but he doesn't sell them the way that I like to sell, right?
 Like he had never done a challenge before.
 So we had to go back and sit down and with him, spend time, like teaching him, okay,
 here's the challenge framework.
 I had to teach him the perfect webinar, right?
 Because perfect webinar script is basically, that's what the challenge funnel is, right?
 You're breaking that, you seven, ninety minute webinar, you're breaking out in five day
 event.
 And I teach him like how to structure the concept of day one, two, three, four, five.
 And then we get to the offer, how do you structure the stack and the clothes?
 And like, it's a way to go through all of that with him.
 And man, Marty's like an amazing student.
 He was studying, he was learning, he was like writing and rewriting and pitching and practicing.
 And like, it was just awesome.
 And so when we got down to it and the challenge actually happened, he went in there and did
 an amazing job.
 But you know, when I all send down like, the only thing that really matters in the end
 is like do people buy on day four?
 If they did, it worked, if they didn't, then something was wrong in the way.
 So this was kind of, for Marty, this was basically a trial run to see if he could actually do
 it, right?
 And what's cool is that you went through the whole process just from the registration page.
 If you'll register it on the thank you page, we had the myth key offer that pushed people
 into the No BS news there.
 I think we had 600 people, the side of the news, which was a huge win, adding 600 people
 to carte NUTI before the challenge even started.
 It was always a big win, right?
 And then we did the challenge day one, day two, day three.
 And then day number four is where Marty had his first chance, the first time ever doing
 the stack in the clothes, which again, if you've been in my world and you've stayed
 in the perfect webinar, it's the secret.
 It's the most, like the most powerful thing I can teach about a clothes sales to the masses
 is the stack in the clothes.
 And he executed it flawlessly.
 And we saw the sales start flying in that day.
 The next night, the next day he did kind of a re-pitch, which was great as well.
 And then we watched over the next 48 hours before we, as we did the carte, closed down
 the sequence, the sales kept coming in for the $1,000 offer that we made at the end of
 it.
 And what all of a sudden done, over a quarter million dollars in sales, over $250,000 we
 made from the pitch that Marty did during the challenge.
 And so it was fun.
 Now, obviously, I could spend this podcast talking about challenge structure and format,
 but that's not the point of this, right?
 This was us saying, okay, we need to do something to bring another track to care.
 Someone who in five years now, 10 years now, that the community can connect with, they
 can understand, someone who's not going to try to take all of the, you know, like so
 many people, especially people in the past who bought Dan's company, they want to make
 it about them.
 Like, oh, look, I'm the owner.
 I'm the person.
 And for me, it's like, I want Dan to be the superstar.
 Like, this is not about me propping myself up.
 This is about propping Dan.
 If I'm Marty, it's such a good job of like being willing to do that, right?
 And so I wanted him because like the next five, 10 years, like he's kind of person who
 continues to prop up Dan and he'll get all the significance he wants and needs, but he'll
 do that by propping up Dan and telling the story about Dan Kennedy and how he's changed
 his life and the philosophies and principles.
 And I think that, especially after the first run, I'm excited.
 We have next few things set up with Marty to keep going forward, but my goal and my
 hope, my dreams, he'll be the forward facing attractive character of magnetic marketing
 moving forward for the next decade or more.
 And then be able to weave in the teachings, the timeless principles and teachings of Dan
 Kennedy in the same kind of way.
 As we're moving forward, we have live stuff we're doing with Dan.
 We're filming each of these pieces, knowing that this may be a challenge in the future.
 This may be a webinar in the future.
 This might be a live event.
 And so we're trying to capture as many of those things as possible with Dan while we've
 got him.
 As long as we've got him before he moves into his retirement, which hopefully never actually
 comes.
 But that was the goal with that was kind of the exercise.
 On top of that, obviously we did a challenge funnel.
 If you heard me talking about the linchpin, like you did the linchpin, you got people
 in the continuity, you got people to buy the high ticket version of the content.
 You're like, it flawlessly executed the linchpin formula that I've been talking about and
 teasing about.
 Those are fun hiking life sought.
 So it's exciting.
 Like it worked, but the biggest success for me was like understanding how to put an attractive
 character that takes the weight off of yourself.
 Initially when you started business, it's going to be you.
 Initially was Dan Kennedy.
 He was the one that did the sell.
 He was on speaking on stages around the world.
 But when you got the point where like, I don't want to keep doing this, how do I do
 it?
 He had to find someone else.
 For a while it was Bill Glazier.
 And now moving forward in the future, it's going to be Marty Ford.
 And so for you, I want you to think about the same thing.
 I am a big believer that you need an attractive character to launch your business.
 It's the thing that gets it off their ground.
 It's the thing that it's the ad.
 It's the connection.
 It's the relationship with you and the audience initially.
 Understanding like, hey, if I want to sell to somebody, it can't just be me.
 So bring you another attractive character.
 I've seen people successfully do it where there's a man they bring in a female face.
 Now it cuts to the workload in half.
 Or they bring in three women and three men.
 And also they become one of many experts.
 But it initially still starts with one as the attractive character.
 Using that to get the business off the ground, get it into the stratosphere.
 And it starts thinking strategically, okay, how do I start replacing myself in different
 places?
 You notice it's happening in the ClickFunnels ecosystem over the next 24 months or so.
 You will continue to see my face because I'm going to continue to talk to you about funnels
 and all the cool things related to that.
 But you'll probably start noticing other faces, other voices, other people as well.
 And this is all part of the long term strategic place.
 So that someday if I decide I want to retire, I'll go read a book or go write some more
 books or whatever I want to do, they won't affect the health of the actual business.
 And you do that by thinking strategically about how to replace yourself as an attractive character
 moving forward.
 So hope this helps you guys as you're looking through.
 There's a big magnet marking update.
 Again, the company is thriving.
 It's having so much fun with it.
 And the best part about this is I got a fax from Dan this weekend.
 Because Dan's my hero.
 He's my mentor.
 He's the person I first got into this business.
 I always wanted to impress him.
 And I didn't want to come into this business to be the guy who was trying to leverage him
 to get credibility.
 And I wanted to put him on a pedestal.
 And so I got in the fax from him.
 It said, at the end of the fax, it's best Dan.
 And they said, "PS, it is a pleasure working with you.
 And I believe that we are doing good work."
 What I hear from president and past members and clients who are members is all positive,
 which never happened with any of the previous owners even back to Bill, which is literally
 the greatest compliment I could have possibly gotten from Dan.
 So that said, we've got a lot of work to do with magnet marketing.
 More cool things coming.
 We've got some cool new books coming out.
 Dan and I are co-authoring a book right now.
 It's some really fun stuff.
 So I'm excited to share it all with you guys.
 Thank you guys so much for subscribing.
 If you're not a member of the No BS newsletter yet, surprise, surprise.
 It is officially sponsoring this video and this podcast.
 So go to No BS Letter dot com.
 Go get your huge money making kit.
 I think you get like $11,000 with the money making goodness for free when you sign up for
 the No BS newsletter.
 So go to No BS Letter dot com to go get that.
 And there's my shameless plug.
 I appreciate you guys.
 Thanks for listening and we'll talk to you all soon.
 All right.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 This episode, if you enjoyed it, please share it with somebody you know who could benefit
 from it.
 Let them listen to it.
 Hopefully you guys enjoyed it.
 And again, if you have any questions for me about this episode or any episodes, go to
 marketing seekers dot com on the homepage.
 You can submit a question.
 Let's come directly to me and I'll answer them on the next one of the next podcast episodes.
 On top of that, when you go to marketing seekers dot com, you can see the video version
 of this podcast and see the show notes, whole bunch of other stuff plus all the other past
 episodes you can go and binge watch them there.
 I think you guys again, before listening to the marketing seekers podcast.
 (upbeat music)
