 Welcome to the Marketing Secrets Podcast. My name is Russell Brunson and I'm what you
 call a serial entrepreneur, but with a twist. You see 50% of my time I'm the CEO of ClickFunnels
 helping over a hundred thousand brands to grow their companies with funnels and the other
 50% of my time I'm actually in the trenches using ClickFunnels to grow the startups I believe
 in. During this podcast I'll take you behind the scenes and show you how we are bootstrapping
 ClickFunnels and my other businesses from startup to nine figures and beyond. Welcome to the show.
 What's up? Good morning everybody. Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast. We are
 officially as of this moment 21 days away from funnel hacking live. We are preparing,
 we're working, we're getting everything done and having a ton of fun. Man, Michael I, it
 is a lot of work every year I forget. So we get here and I'm like, oh yeah, that's a lot
 close into it. And it's funny too because it's just funnel hacking live. It would actually
 be pretty easy. It's like funnel hacking live plus we're working on all the new ClickFunnels
 2.0 updates which is called plus 3.0 now. New updates are amazing. Plus I've been rebuilding
 the whole dashboard which has taken me 70 videos I've had to record for that. I'm trying
 to get that done before funnel hacking live. New onboarding process, trying to get it done
 for funnel hacking live. Plus on top of that my wife went to Portugal for 10 days. So she's
 gone so I'm playing well I'm not gonna lie. It's chaotic. It's amazing. All the things.
 So I'm pumped to be able to hang out there but here soon. So if you don't have to take
 it yet now is the time. Go to funnel hacking live.com. But I actually wanted to talk today
 about just a thought because a lot of you guys are running events or thinking about running
 events and last week I had a new program I've called Decaded Day. It's something I'm doing
 with all my inner circle members where they come in for a day and I do about 20 of them
 coming at a time and then we'd spend a day and I consult everyone for 15 minutes and it's
 really fun. And it's funny because last of one we had three or four people who were
 doing events or had questions about events. And so I just want to share some of those
 insights with you because I thought they were interesting. The question was just like how
 do you, one person is having an event in three months when I get 1000 tickets sold.
 How many have sold so far? Like none. I'm like oh step one. Plan further out. But anyway
 so I was trying to get my ideas and obviously there's the core things which is like announce
 that you're having an event that gives people a little sign up. Announce speakers get some
 people sign up but the one thing you'll find about events. I always tell people all the
 things we sell events are the hardest because everything else people buy it's like an impulse.
 Like oh I want that thing and they go buy it. The event they may want it they go like
 oh did the dates work? Can I get time off? Can I get flights? Hotels. You know who's
 going to watch my kids? You know there's like 800 other many decisions that go into making
 a decision going to an event. And so there's a lot more you're combating when you're doing
 stuff. So of all the things we sell by far selling tickets to a life event are the hardest.
 You're doing a pretty good job then. We get 5,000 plus people every year if I'm hiking
 live which is like this insurmountable task. I always feel like not physically possible
 in every year somehow we do it. So I said we're down to 21 days so one thing to note is
 that 30 of your tickets will be sold during the last like two weeks which is the worst
 because I don't know about you but the whole year you're stressing out because no one's
 buying tickets. No one's buying tickets then a third of them come in the last two or three
 weeks and you're like gosh dang it why didn't you guys buy them earlier. So that means for
 all of you guys who are sitting on the fence waiting. You're almost out of time. It's
 time to go get tickets like make Russell sleep better night by getting your tickets
 now. Quit waiting. Anyway so but the other thing I saw was like the only way to get big
 pops of sales because again with clicking on my life it's like every day we get 10, 20
 sales and it's just this consistent stream of tickets coming in. There's never like we
 sold 500 tickets tonight you know. And so the only way to get big increases in sales
 are either to raise the price or to take something away. This is the big secret okay.
 Raise the price or take something away. So raising the price obviously raise the price
 but once you do that you raise it once or twice and people stop buying tickets. So that's
 usually the last thing the campaign is raising the prices. I was first probably having next
 week which means if you're ever taking a hurry we're raising prices. Fuddlehackinglive.com
 and the second side is taking something away. So if you notice over the campaign of a year
 selling Fuddlehackinglive tickets are always taking things away. So for example the beginning
 of the year that you know as soon as the last year's event's over I'm like hey if you want
 the replays you're going to take it to Fuddlehackinglive and so you know that gets our first surge
 of sales right after the last event. If you want the replays you got to buy tickets for
 next year. So and then we have a countdown like these go away if you don't buy it by
 this date so we take it away and I guess people to buy you know. And then throughout the
 year like we'll when we introduce speakers we have speakers bring on speaker bonuses
 and the only reason we bring on speaker bonuses is because speaker bonuses don't in and of
 themselves sell a lot of tickets but they're taking away of speaker bonuses does. So I get
 to a point where the campaign rank oh speaker bonuses are expiring and we take those away
 and then we see a huge increase in sales we'll see three four hundred sales in the weekend
 when we're taking the speaker bonuses away right. So always introducing something in
 the campaign and then taking it away. Introducing something and taking it away and that's
 like how we drive sales. So there's two the biggest things we do for selling tickets
 to live events and then one of the things that I just think is really kind of fun is
 it's just figuring out different hooks in different ways like different fun things like
 playing off of like the questions people haven't had like why they're not coming right. And
 so we just created an ad that's actually just got done today I think we're going to be promoting
 it today. So some of you have seen this depending on when this podcast goes live but when the
 guys on team had this idea and they're genius writers and ideas and stuff. So it's actually
 a video I'm going to play the audio for you but it's actually a video so I wish you could
 see it because it's even more funny if you can see it but you know the question is like
 what are the concerns like why are people not buying tickets yet. So we're always trying
 to figure out what's the concern and how can we address it. And so this one the idea was
 like well people have a lot of concerns. Like what if we made a video and a promotion
 about our excuse department you know and told people like hey no matter what excuse you have
 like well take care of like Russell literally sent a video to these T02 somebody to get you
 out of a wedding you're out of a funeral or out of a whatever you have. And so we pretty
 good this campaign and I'm literally going to be doing this like I don't know I'll probably
 end up making 20, 30, 40 videos I'm not sure yet. For people who take us up on ticket offer
 during this campaign but we're going to run this for a week right now and yet so we can
 tell you know tell our ticket price there's going up anyway so it's kind of like this
 little window and it's just like trying to resolve concerns. So it'll be a fun playful
 thing like you'll have a chance to hear the ad here in a second but the goal is to address
 the fact they have an excuse. It gives us another reason to message them to remind them of the
 event and it's kind of fun a fun idea just to get people talking and then hopefully get rid of
 some of their excuses. So right now I'm going to actually play the audio of this ad so you can
 hear it and I'll come back afterwards and we can discuss it a little more. You want to go to
 Funnel Hacking Live to get inspired by some of the world's greatest marketers and meet thousands
 of like-minded people but you're not sure what's going to come up during the days between September
 27th and the 30th or maybe you already committed to something really stupid like camping but don't
 fear because here at ClickFunnels we came up with our greatest hack yet introducing the ClickFunnels
 official get out of obligation service. So here's how it works all you have to do is buy a ticket
 to Funnel Hacking Live anywhere between these days. Then email your conflict to FHL excuses@gmail.com
 and then me and my team of excuse experts here will make you a custom video recording to get you
 out of even your most inflexible commitments. So here's a small sample of our work.
 Hey what's up Todd? I'm sorry Gina's not going to make it to your date because she's got a date
 with Destiny at this year's Funnel Hacking Live. I'm so sorry. Don't give up maybe next year.
 Hey Steph just wanted to know that Mike's and second cousins, moms, brother-in-law's
 favorite software companies having their birthday on September 27th at same age years.
 So not going to make it. I want to wish you happy birthday. I hope you enjoy the bounce house.
 Hey sorry Mike. Susan's got diarrhea. So remember there's no excuse for missing Funnel Hacking Live
 because here at ClickFunnels we already have an excuse for you.
 Alright so that's the end of the ad. Again it's just kind of a funny thing to play off of like the
 reason why people are thinking about coming. You're not coming. What's the excuse? And so instead of
 just like trying to dance around it we just don't write into it. So just ideas for hooks and so
 we're always looking for those kind of things. So there's a campaign for all excuses. But if I was
 doing you know events we're looking for other excuses like oh I can't come because it costs
 too much. I can't come because of this because of this. And we find those things, identify them,
 and then we create ads, videos, webinars to address those concerns and hopefully knock down those
 dominoes so people get to Funnel Hacking Live. So anyway there's some strategies some ideas for
 our event peeps and hopefully it gives you guys first off if you're running events some ideas.
 Second off if you're thinking about coming to Funnel Hacking Live you realize oh my gosh this is
 Russell's 5,000 time warming us. Prices are about to go up. We're about to sell out. The event's
 happening in less than three weeks and make sure you take it and get there because it's going to be
 so much fun. Oh this year's gonna be insane. I can't even wait. I got a really big announcement this
 year which it's gonna freak some people out but you have to be there to find out. So that's all I
 can say. I'm gonna get in trouble. Alright I appreciate you guys all for listening. Thanks so much and
 I'll see you guys at Funnel Hacking Live. Take a check. Go to www.funnelhackinglive.com.
 Thanks for being with Funnel.
