 Hey, what's up, everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets
 podcast. Last episode I talked about getting into momentum. And I promise you that I do
 not episode today talking about the transition from momentum to actual domination. And so
 that's where we're talking about. Hopefully you are excited. Hope you're prepared and
 hope you are ready for some fun.
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 Okay, what's up, everybody? So like I said, in intro, we are going to be talking about
 the transition from momentum in your marketplace to actual domination. And some of the back
 stories for this, I'll let you know I'm a wrestler. In fact, I just got done at a
 four and a half hour wrestling practice today. I've got the high school practice in the
 mornings from this is we're Thanksgiving week right now as I'm recording this. So the week
 prior to Thanksgiving or the Monday Tuesday, Wednesday prior, we have wrestling with the
 high schoolers from 9 to 11 in the middle schoolers from 11 to 1. And since I have high
 schoolers and middle schoolers, I'm there for four or four and a half hours every day
 right now wrestling. And so my mind's on wrestling because that's where in the middle of it.
 But for those who have wrestled, I'm sure this is true in most sports, but in wrestling,
 what'll happen traditionally is you go out there and you start wrestling somebody right
 and you're moving in and you're in both guys are, you know, you start to match both of
 all energy, you're both going through the whole process. And what I need to do is I have to
 figure out how to get into momentum, right? So I'm moving, I'm moving in the jump around,
 I'm getting him to step and everything of that, I'm trying to open them up with my setups
 and eventually I start taking shots. And if you can get into somebody, you know, and
 you take somebody down, then what happens traditionally is then you start getting momentum
 and then you start doing better and better. And I think that's why they said like 70%
 of matches, whoever gets the first take down ends up winning the match because it gets you
 into momentum and you're, you're start winning, right? And so that's the first thing. That's
 why I talked in the last episode about like the need and the desire to get ourselves into
 momentum gives moving forward. But then the second half is as you are into momentum,
 doesn't you're going to win, right? There's still other things that can happen. And so
 what I found is after getting a momentum, like I have to start putting the pressure
 on somebody, right? I start putting more pressure, I start pulling on their head and pulling
 on their neck like I start snapping more and doing all these things. And over time what'll
 happen is, and I did an episode on probably six or seven years ago, I can't remember what
 the episode was called, but I did an episode on this talking about how you break somebody
 and you start putting the pressure moment and you start driving and pulling on the head
 and eventually you can feel this spot where your opponent actually breaks, right? And
 for interesting happens because they're back, their neck, everything is sore, like you just
 keep, you pretty much pressure on them that they just can't handle anymore. And like mentally,
 it starts mentally that it follows physically, they break. And all of a sudden like the person
 goes to meet a good competitor, they become really easy and you just kind of start picking
 up pace and then you just beat them. And that's the goal, right? As you start a match and
 you get into momentum and then you transition that momentum into actual domination and then
 you win. And so that's what you've been wrestling and the same thing kind of is true in business,
 right? And I told you guys that, you know, with, with last year our goal was all about
 like getting ourselves into momentum, having more success and then ClickFunnels 2.0 launched.
 And I had this call with my team, like two or three weeks after the launch was done and
 over and we finished a bunch of our events and got everyone on our team on a call and
 I want to thank everybody for their, for their work. And I said, you know, now we've, we've
 gotten to momentum, we can't stop. Right now is where we have transitioned from momentum
 to domination. Like we have a long way to still go before we win this match, right?
 Getting it launched, getting into the universe and getting it out there is big. But if we
 want to dominate the market, if we want to become the category king, if we want to
 take up the market share, now it's like transitioning into putting this pressure on and increasing
 what we're doing. And so I told you guys that like during the last episode, there were
 two like things that happened during the ClickFunnels 2.0 launch that kind of opened
 up my eyes to this. The first one was my interview with Damon John. How many guys had a chance
 to listen to the interview? Hopefully you did. If not, maybe I'll have my brother pull
 that and use that as an episode. It was really, really good. But I had a chance to interview
 Damon about his business and how he, you know, built Phoebu from whatever to, you know, from
 the ground up to $6 billion in sales. And it was interesting because he shared a lot of
 tactics and techniques and things he did. But one of the things that he shared that was so,
 it was like a little thing he said. And I actually, I missed it the first time like I did interview.
 He said, and I didn't think too much of it. And then I actually watched the interview back
 during the year first of all challenge is where like he said it again. I was like,
 Oh my gosh, he's brilliant. So what he did is he took Phoebu and I think Phoebu was,
 I think initially just a jeans line or something. He said that he went and I licensed it. And so I
 thought licensing it meant he took it and he licensed it to China and Japan and to Brazil and to,
 you know, all around the world. And he did. That was one of his strategies was licensing it
 country to country to country. But he didn't just license country to country. Like he told me
 that was part of the strategy. He said the second part of the strategy was he actually licensed
 it to the other departments inside of the actual store, right? So he got the jeans,
 the jeans, Phoebu and he walked down the store and he said, Oh, well, there's a shoot company here.
 I'm not going to go build a shoe company, but I'm going to license the Phoebu brand to the
 shoe company and then I'm going to license the Phoebu brand to the backpack company and then
 the license of the t-shirt company and license it to all the other departments inside of the store.
 So that way, some walks in the store doesn't matter what they're going to buy. There's Phoebu
 everywhere, but they only produced one thing at Phoebu, right? Everything else was licensing.
 And like that was the ah ha was like licensing it country by country, but then also licensing it
 within all of the other verticals that are close around you. And so there's one of the hints.
 The second time I caught with this was the last day of my inner circle after I got done,
 I jumped on a plane and flew out to the Pauline Hill Foundation, which was so cool.
 And it was interesting though, because I had a chance to go out and meet the board of directors
 and runs the company, runs the foundation, whatever it's called. I met those people how they do it
 and I had a chance to see how they've grown that business. It's interesting because they built
 that business all through licensing as well. What will happen is the Pauline Hill Foundation will
 go through his works, his writings, and they will publish a book or a course or something,
 and they take that and they license it to different countries. So they license to Brazil and to Japan
 and to Canada and to North America and South America. And they license all those other countries and
 everyone else goes out and doing the selling. They get up for a licensing fee and then they also go
 and they get royalties on every single sale that happens. And so it was really cool seeing that
 twice. Seeing Damon Johnson now, he built his billion dollar empire. Seeing how the Pauline Hill
 Foundation has kept his work alive for so long. It's all about these ideas of licensing what you're
 doing. And so for me, and I could spend, I could spend a three day event on this. Maybe I will someday.
 But what I'm trying to do is take what we're doing and looking at through that lens of like,
 okay, I have my efforts I can do and we can push hard. We have pushed really, really hard, right?
 But if I want to 10x the company, how do I do that? Part of me is like taking,
 again, I can go deep in this whole strategy. This is going to be over most of your guys' heads.
 But imagine this, we have ClickFunnels in the middle, right? And those who have learned me talk
 about the linchpin format, this will make sense. But if not, there's this business structure that
 we're using to grow ClickFunnels. It's a linchpin. I talked about Funlhacking Live, but that's the
 structured value ladder we're using to grow ClickFunnels, right? And then we have structured
 value labs outside. So there's one that's marketing secrets, which is all my information products,
 right? And there's a linchpin structure there that we're growing leads profitably, and then we
 refer those people back into ClickFunnels, right? And then we're doing the same thing with Dan
 Kennedy's company, right? Dan Kennedy's company's own standalone company. It's using the same linchpin
 format and framework. We're using that to grow up customers and leads profitably, and then refer
 people back into ClickFunnels, right? And so we're doing that with multiple companies. If you start
 looking over next year, you'll see ClickFunnels that we've licensed or repurchased companies
 all around ClickFunnels. We're using this model to bring people in profitably, and then from there
 refer people over, right? So if you're mostly at this same way over your head, but conceptually,
 that's what I'm doing. There's the play, right? And I look at this and I've got marketing secrets,
 right? With all my intellectual property, my books and things like that. So the next step is like,
 how do I take that and now license it? How do I do what Fubu do? How do I do it in Napoleon
 Hilden? So take marketing secrets, my brand, my intellectual property, everything, and I can
 license it to Brazil, to China, to Spain, to France, to Italy, to like as many places as possible,
 right? And then so we do it there, right? But also I can license my intellectual property to
 different industries, right? So how do I license marketing secrets for chiropractors, for dentists,
 or for restaurant owners, or for whoever, right? So I can license it to all the other verticals,
 but also all the other countries. Okay? I can do same with the Dank Kennedy's company. I have
 Dank Kennedy's business built out in a certain way. And we can take that and same thing as we go
 when we license it to different industries and then license it to different countries as well.
 In each country, you can license it by industry as well. Like it opens up the thing where now
 all of a sudden you geometrically grow your company. You're not growing up adding another offer. You're
 growing up by taking the existing offer and offering it to a different marketplace,
 to a different segment of the market, to a different country, to a different vertical,
 to a different thing. And that's how you start geometrically growing. Does that make sense?
 Anyway, I know that's going to be above the head of most people listening, but for those who
 are looking like, how do I get from momentum to domination? Like this is the strategy. These
 are some of the things I'm looking at. I'm playing right now to be able to go from good to great,
 right? We've had a chance inside of the English market for the most part with Russell Brunson as
 the front end to get to almost $200 million a year in sales. For me to get to $1 billion,
 it's like, I got to clone myself a bunch of times. So how do I do that? I do have a licensing,
 my content, my intellectual property, to other industries that are verticals, but also to other
 countries. And then when someone goes and buys those countries and from there, it gets pushed back
 into ClickFunnels to continue to grow the ClickFunnels business and brand. And so there is the strategy
 how we're going from momentum to domination. And it's going to be fun. You have a chance to watch me
 do it over the next, you know, who knows, 12 months, 18 months, two years, three years, 10 years,
 whatever that is. But you'll notice on my side, I'll probably be producing less new stuff, at least,
 I mean, it's both part. Between dot com secrets, expert secrets and traffic secrets,
 I kind of said it all. Like all my core frameworks, everything's there, right? It's my goal is
 going to go develop more stuff. It's like how to take the stuff that we know works and get it in
 more people's hands, right? And so that's kind of the overall goal and model and thing that we're doing
 over the next little bit. So hopefully it gives you some hints and some ideas. Like I said,
 I'm an open book. I'm going to keep talking about it. Some of you guys will grasp it. The first time
 seeing this like, I'm not ready for this. I'm still trying to launch an offer, I'm like, cool,
 keep focusing on building an offer. But as you get to an offer, it's launched, it's growing. Now
 it's been come back and say, okay, and how do we, how do we grow? It's how do we scale this?
 That's when we start having these other conversations. And those who are there right now,
 like, man, I've grown a max out on Facebook, I max out these different places. How do I
 say, how do I start really getting domination? It's like you want to have conversation domination,
 right? Where your message is everywhere, at every market, every country, everything is your message
 over and over and over and over again. And so that's the goal, the game plan, and the moves I'll be
 doing over the next two years or so. So I'd say, if I was you, pull up a bag of popcorn,
 sit back and relax and watch it happen. But then from as you're watching that, look at ways you
 can model it and use it in your business as well. So anyway, I hope that helps. I hope that you
 guys are listening to us during Thanksgiving week. You enjoy Thanksgiving with your family
 and friends. I'm thankful for you as a listener, as a customer, as someone who's
 giving me your attention. I don't take that lightly. I know that all of us are busy,
 well, if a million things happening and the fact that you've dedicated almost 12 minutes of your
 life today to listen to this message means the world to me. And hopefully it'll help spur
 ideas, thoughts, and things in your mind so you can start growing your business and get your
 message out to more people around the world. So that's the thank you so much for listening,
 appreciate you all, and I will talk to you all soon. Bye, everybody.
