 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> Hey, what's up everybody?
 I hope you guys are all doing amazing today.
 Hopefully your businesses are growing, they're flourishing,
 you have a bunch of fun.
 Actually had a really cool opportunity to fly out to Atlanta this week to go
 spend time with Todd.
 Looking at ClickFunnels 2.0, building up the roadmap,
 finalizing some core features, like anyway,
 some really cool things are happening.
 I'm super proud of what our team has been building.
 And I cannot always show you guys all the new stuff that's coming down the pike.
 Ten years ago when we launched ClickFunnels originally,
 we completely changed the market forever.
 And what we're about to do, I think is going to do that again.
 So anyway, there's the T's, that's all you get right now.
 But hopefully you're using ClickFunnels 2.0.
 About 33ish percent of our customers have migrated over, which is amazing.
 So I know you guys are loving it.
 And yeah, so I'm super pumped about 2.0.
 And I just got back late last night.
 And I thought about like, what can I send you guys as a podcast this week that'd be helpful?
 And as you know, there's a lot of talk about an upcoming recession.
 And about a year ago, I had a meeting with my category Kings.
 We were at Pirates Cove.
 And we're talking about all sorts of things.
 But I did a little session on the recession, how to prepare for it, and what's happening.
 You know, I think all of us thought it was going to hit harder and faster than it did.
 But there are a lot of government interference and interaction that are keeping things
 not seeming so bad.
 But I do think that there is a recession coming that we do need to be preparing for.
 And so I want to take that conversation from the Mashman group and bring it to you guys here,
 just to help all the guys prepare your businesses.
 So, again, this was just a clip from a presentation I gave my Attless,
 or excuse me, my category Kings Group Pirates Cove.
 And by the way, if you've won at least two Comma Club, you should be in one of my Mashman
 groups.
 We have, as you guys know, our coaching program, the two Comma Club X coaching program for
 those who are anywhere from start-up phase to a million dollars in sales.
 But as soon as you won your first two Comma Club award, you have the opportunity to apply
 to be inside my inner circle.
 And there's three tiers in there.
 There's inner circle for life.
 Then there's a group called the category Kings, and there's a group called Attless.
 And each tier is based on how much revenue you're making.
 But it's a really cool spot.
 We're going to go deep on these kind of things.
 So if this is you and you're someone who wants to, you know, mash mind with a lot of people
 about these kind of things, if you go to inner circle for life.com, which is spelled
 out I-N-N-E-R circle, F-O-R, life.com.
 You can go and apply to be part of that program because it's really cool.
 But anyway, I digress.
 This conversation was from one of our close-door meetings.
 But I thought it'd be powerful to help you guys.
 And so, yeah.
 Anyway, with that said, here's a presentation to help you learn more about how to prepare
 yourself for the upcoming recession.
 I had a wrestling t-shirt when I was growing up.
 I used to cut weight in.
 The wrestling t-shirt said hesitate, dominate, don't hesitate.
 And I remember last time there was a recession.
 I didn't know what that meant or what was happening.
 I was just kind of like doing my thing.
 And it was interesting because in my business, it was 2008 or 2009 when everything went crazy.
 And nothing happened in my business.
 I'm like, I'm a genius.
 Oh!
 And then a year and a half, two years later, and then I got hit.
 And it was like, everyone just woke up in it.
 That was stage speaking.
 Yes.
 And big Tony ends.
 But I hit it and I wasn't ready.
 And then we got through it.
 But it was brutal under that time.
 And I had other friends who were more aware of what was happening.
 And they just did amazing things.
 And then they're the backside of it.
 They just went crazy.
 And so this time around, as we're going through a recession and all the things that are happening,
 I was just like, trying to strategically think through it a lot more.
 It's all been fun because ever since we bought Dan Kennedy's company, I have a two-hour
 call with him every single month asking me anything I want.
 And so we spent two hours just talking about this and going really deep on it, which was
 really fascinating.
 You've seen it from his perspective because he's like a billion years old.
 And he's coach entrepreneurs today, like 12 different times.
 And the biggest thing he told me was, "Have me as a red marketing to the affluent?"
 He's like, "That's the Bible for the next three years."
 He understands that and master that.
 He's like, "You'll just dominate."
 But that's the whole thing.
 Right now he's like, "You're going to notice."
 In fact, he said, "This is the money pyramid."
 And there's the rich, the middle class, and then the poor.
 And he's like, "Right now, most of all of us are selling to the middle class right here."
 And it's like what happens during typical recessions, the middle class moves down to
 here and the rich move up.
 And he's like, "If you transition your messaging to sell these people, you'll make way more
 money.
 If you stay here, you're going to struggle because there'll be less and less money here."
 And so he's like, "It's all transitioning."
 It's fascinating.
 We were at, well, some of you have no barter shops for me once a year.
 So we were in Vegas shopping and it's crazy because if you look at just the malls, you
 look at all of these stores down here that service, they're all empty and you walk in
 Louis Vuitton packed.
 There's lines.
 And the dudes, we were at Hublot, Hublot, how do you say the name, the sweet watches I
 used to wear?
 And the dudes, this watches $185,000 in this.
 He's like, "We can't keep them stocked.
 They're just flying like crazy."
 And this market is booming right now and everything else is...
 And it's going to be, I think this will keep happening over the next two years, three years.
 And so just thinking about that from us, selling premium, that was Dan Canny's biggest thing.
 And marketing to Fluent was like, he's like, "That's the thing.
 Because this is going to shift.
 This will go up."
 And he's like, "This will pop back in a couple of years, but if this is where you're focusing
 on your money, that's the scariest thing."
 So that was like the big takeaway from Dan that was fascinating.
 And then the other side of it that I'm...
 You probably know what I'm playing in a lot over the last 12 months is there's a whole
 bunch of people like us right now who are in business, who don't understand things are
 level and they're all just kind of like not wanting their businesses.
 And so we bought six or seven businesses in the last 12 months.
 And so I want to talk a little bit about it because it's crazy how basically people will
 just give you their businesses literally for free.
 You take them over and then you pay them for the profits and it's crazy.
 So there's the analogy.
 Who has ever heard of the analogy of the Rembrandt in the attic?
 A couple of people figured out real estate guys would know.
 So I was in a Joe Paul's room, this guy said that he like, as if like everyone should know,
 he's like, "Oh yeah, it's like it was Rembrandt in the attic.
 That's why we paid so much money."
 I'm like, "What are you talking about?"
 I was like the dumb kid like, "What do you just say?"
 So this is the metaphor is basically...
 I'll tell you that here's the metaphor.
 I'm telling you, no, don't ruin it.
 I'm telling it.
 This is the build up.
 Okay.
 Yes.
 Okay, so this is what the analogy is.
 Basically it's like, if someone who's got a house for selling, let's say the house is selling
 for, I don't know, $250,000, right?
 Everyone's coming in to look in the house and like, "Ah, it's still maybe worth that.
 Maybe worth that."
 And some dude comes in and it's like, "I'll give you a million dollars right now."
 I guess like, it's $250,000.
 I'll give you a million dollars right now for the house, but we got to sign up.
 So sign's on it.
 And the question is like, "Well, how come everyone who came through is like, it's maybe
 worth $250 and one dude's like, "I'll give you a million dollars right now."
 And the reason why is one dude willing to go to the house and there was a Rembrandt,
 original painting up in the attic worth $40 million bucks.
 So he wrote the check for the milling because he knew there was a Rembrandt in the attic.
 And that's what's happening right now.
 So like, there's all these businesses that are struggling, they can't figure this out.
 But because of what we know, like, there's a Rembrandt in the attic.
 So a good example is John Reese.
 How many guys remember John Reese?
 I think I bought everything he's ever created now at this point.
 But he had one last thing is this funnel simulation software called Gearru.com.
 He's been selling for the last 10 years and he's just kind of chugging along.
 I can't quite figure it out.
 Recession's happening, sales are dropping, ad costs went up, he's freaking out.
 And I was like, "Hey, people who buy funnel simulation software will probably want to
 buy funnel software."
 I would assume.
 And also his business model is broken.
 The way he's selling it was not correct.
 He's like, he was doing it in this like a traditional way.
 I'm like, "Ah."
 And so last year we bought Brad Callan's company.
 He has no batteries in their circle for oil.
 But he had like doodly and toonly and all these things.
 And Brad had taken a traditional software product and he just shifted the funnel a little bit.
 And it went from doing like a million dollars a year to 40 or 50 million dollars a year just
 by shifting the model of how the funnel was structured.
 And I looked at John's Gearru.com and he was doing the wrong structure.
 And like, this is Rembrandt in the attic.
 I'm like, if I make these two tweaks to the funnel, I can model what Brad did and I can
 get a point where he's doing five, six hundred buyers a day who then obviously would want
 to click funnels.
 And so there's this Rembrandt in the attic where I'm like, "Oh my gosh, that's worth a
 whole crap ton to me versus anyone else who tries to sell to.
 There's nothing, right?"
 And so, but literally it's like, here's the business, take it over and then I want you
 to pay me this much for the next three years to pay it off.
 And so it didn't cost me any money.
 It was just like, here's the business.
 We take it, fix the model, blow it up and then, yeah.
 Similar to Dan Kinney, we bought Dan Kinney's company.
 We had to pay for that up front.
 The initial launch completely paid for it and now it's just this revenue stream that's
 just pure profit force moving forward.
 Lady Boss was kind of a similar thing.
 It was this Rembrandt in the attic where they tried early to sell it to a big company.
 It kind of fell through and then Brandon and Kaylin just got tired so they decided to shut
 it down.
 But it's like, because we know what we know, there's a couple of tweaks we can make that
 also and this thing becomes insanely profitable or valuable to any of the businesses.
 And so I'm curious if any of you guys in here purchased a business yet or you looked at
 or thought about it or you just have a couple.
 That was this thing I just wanted to kind of stimulate because right now there are more
 deals.
 I would say in the last 24 hours since Lady Boss went live, I'd say probably a dozen people
 who somehow got through all my gatekeepers that got to me were trying to give me their
 business.
 Like, that fast.
 Like, most people do not want their business right now.
 They're looking at what's happening and they're freaking out and they don't.
 Anyway.
 It's got one thing.
 Yeah.
 It's just got...
 Add cost has gone up, everything.
 And so they're all freaking out.
 And what people are also doing is they're just shutting it down.
 I mean, they're just walking away from it.
 One thing falls further than just like...
 That literally lasted in her circle meetings when Brandon and Kaylin emailed their entire
 list like, "Hey, we shut Lady Boss down.
 Sorry.
 We're blowing inventory.
 We're just closing the whole thing down."
 I know.
 I'm like sitting there twitching like, "They have a 1.9 million person email list."
 All right.
 I hope you guys enjoyed the episode.
 I know the concept seems really, really simple.
 I wanted to share with you guys just because it's really the big secrets, the big aha.
 It's how we prepare and protect ourselves during some of these times when I'd be a little
 scary.
 A lot of you guys know Dan Kennedy has been my number one mentor over the years in marketing
 business.
 Even today, he's still a person I study with.
 In fact, last week he was in Boise.
 We had a three-day mastermind with him, which was insanely cool.
 But he's got a book called Marketing to Fluent that he goes deep into these principles and
 concepts.
 And so I recommend going and getting that if you want to read really good books at the
 bookstore, I'm shooting it on Amazon or whatever.
 But also, if you want to go deeper, he did a whole course on Marketing to Fluent.
 And we gave it to all of the magnetic marketing dime members for free.
 So if you're not a diamond member yet, if you go to diamondupgrade.com, you can go in there
 and basically almost all of Dan's courses over the years are in there for free.
 You can go and subscribe to him and actually push it to your favorite podcast app so you
 can listen to it while you're driving or working out or whatever.
 But if you do, go to diamondupgrade.com, upgrade and then go get the Marketing to Fluent
 course.
 Push it to your phone and listen to it over the next couple of weeks.
 And I promise you to help shift your mindset on how to prepare for this recession, how
 to make sure you're selling to the right people and a whole bunch of other cool things.
 So anyway, that's it.
 I hope you guys enjoyed this episode and I will talk to you until I get soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 Bye everybody.
 you
