 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 Today's episode special.
 Right now I'm actually in a recording booth in one of my new book offices in
 a soundproof little room, it's like three feet by three feet.
 I feel like I'm in a little box covered in padded walls.
 But does the audio sound amazing, let me know how it sounds you guys.
 I have headphones on it now, I'm talking to this mic with the wind mic and
 there's no echo at all, it sounds amazing to me.
 So hopefully it sounds good to you as well.
 For the first decade and half of my podcast, it used to be the marketing in
 your car podcast and literally record it while I was in my car driving on my phone.
 And then I transitioned to the marketing secrets podcast and
 that's taken a million different forms.
 And this week I'm going to be recording out of this little studio.
 So I bought this studio and created it for a reason.
 And I'm actually going to talk a little about that reason today.
 But I'm working on a secret project.
 And this is a project that has been all consuming for
 me for the last three or four years.
 And you've probably heard me talk about it or mention it.
 But this week I'm actually going to be sharing it with the world for
 the first time, which I'm excited for and nervous for.
 Anytime you have a new thing you're sharing, there's always like the fear
 of rejection from people, right?
 And it's funny because if you've been watching the journey over the last
 two or so years I've bought about 15,000 books, maybe more.
 I've spent a fortune on first edition books and
 signed books and manuscripts and unpublished works and all sorts of stuff.
 And from the outside, you may be like, why is Russell doing this?
 What is the purpose?
 In fact, my internal staff was always got concerned as well when I was getting
 50 to 60 packages from eBay a day every single day for like six months in a row.
 In fact, I think it was John Parks, my team that asked somebody, I was like,
 do you think we should like intervene?
 Should we call somebody like something wrong with Russell?
 Like what is happening here?
 And it's interesting because like, you know how it is, I'm sure most of you
 is listening here, entrepreneurs or visionaries, you see a vision of something.
 And you don't see the full vision, you see part of it, right?
 And so you're like, I, I, there's something here.
 And you try to explain to people, but you don't even know the whole vision yet.
 You just know that there's a direction and you saw something and it's important.
 And you start moving towards it and you move towards it.
 It feels good.
 You get excited and you're like, man, if it's desires increasing as I am stepping
 towards this thing, it must be good.
 So you step further and keep going.
 And sometimes all the people around you're like, this person's crazy.
 What is happening to them?
 What are they doing?
 And why are they doing this?
 Right.
 And I think I had a lot of that when I was younger, I was wrestling.
 I became obsessed.
 Like I remember when I decided I want to be a state champ and I, I became obsessed with
 it.
 The point where people were like, is this healthy?
 Like, should you be doing other things?
 Should you not?
 I pursued that goal with, you know, as Napoleon Hill say, definiteness of purpose.
 And I, and I had success and became a state champ.
 And then after that, I wanted to be an all American and I pursued that and I took second
 place in the country became an all American.
 I went to wrestling college like I always went after these crazy ideas.
 And I didn't know how I was going to do it.
 I just knew that there was the goal and I wanted it.
 Business was the same way, right?
 When I started my business 20 years ago, it wasn't cool to be an entrepreneur.
 People thought I was crazy.
 And yet I figured it out and had a lot of success.
 You know, even a decade ago, we launched ClickFunnels.
 You know, like people didn't know what a funnel was and I was trying to explain to the world
 this thing.
 And it was like, it was, it was interesting.
 And, but I pursued it in a decade later, people got it, right?
 Now we have hundreds of thousands of customers, people building the funnels all over the world.
 You know, competitors popping up left and right trying to compete with us because we've
 done such a good job of it.
 And it's, it's, you know, but a decade ago, it wasn't a thing.
 Like I had to smash through, you know, a whole bunch of stuff to make this a thing.
 And so for the last two or three years, it actually started out as a Napoleon, or from
 the, I was there Tony Robbins event Fiji.
 And this is back when I was thinking about potentially sounding ClickFunnels and I asked
 him his thoughts and it's to be a saw.
 There's a whole YouTube video of me with this interaction with Tony, but it was interesting.
 He said, he's like, I'd only sell it if you knew what the next thing was going to be.
 And I was sitting there, I was like, I don't have a next thing.
 This is all I want to do with the rest of my life.
 And I started thinking, I was like, well, if I had next thing, what would that be?
 And I didn't know right away.
 It didn't, it didn't pop up to me.
 But one thing I did know, I was like, as like the people I haven't called the server
 entrepreneurs, like that's not changing.
 I don't think that'll ever change.
 They're the people I'm obsessed with, people I love, people I care about, people I've been,
 you know, for 20 years now trying to figure out how do I make their lives easier and simpler
 and how do I make them more successful.
 And so like, you know, I don't think that part will ever, will ever change.
 But the questions are being like, well, how, how was, how was, can I serve, can I serve
 them, right?
 We've served them with marketing advice and funnels and templates.
 And I was like, what was interesting is the thing that most people latch on to.
 It's interesting.
 It's not so much.
 I mean, people, people take the tactics and the techniques and the strategies for marketing
 and they use them.
 But anytime I talk about my family or my personal life or my beliefs or mindset or these other
 things, those are the times people like lean in and they ask more questions.
 And I started realizing like, I like the who I'm serving is not shifting.
 I'm still serving entrepreneurs, but how I'm serving them can expand and grow.
 And I started getting excited about personal development.
 How could I help them there?
 And I was like, I don't like the thing that I think I'm different than most people, most
 people who come into this world, like they are, they're an author, they're creator, they're
 whatever, right?
 I don't look at myself like that at all.
 I look at myself as a curator, right?
 If you'll get all of my books to this point, yes, there's original thought in those, but
 for the most part, my job is to curate like listening to, you're going to thousands of
 seminars and reading books and podcasts and studying and learning and implementing and
 trying like doing all the stuff and being like a human guinea pig and then coming back
 and like, hey, these are things that worked.
 And I've been very careful on my journey to try to always give credit or credit to
 do because again, I don't look at myself as this.
 Like, I don't have to like position myself like, oh, I invented these things like so
 many people do, which I think for the most part is wrong.
 Like, it tries to be crazy because I look at myself as like, oh, this intellectual person
 who figured these things out, I look at myself as a curator.
 Like, I go through a lot of things, I curate what works and then I share those with my
 audience, right?
 And so I always give credit where credit is to do, which by the way, do that.
 Like, I can't tell you how much more rich my relationships have been with people who I've
 quoted and shared their stories with because I was willing to give them credit versus me
 just act like I invented everything.
 Like, I could have easily all the stuff I learned from Dan Keanak and easily been like, oh,
 and this is when I invented the blah, blah, blah.
 But instead I gave him credit.
 You know, I'm business partners with them.
 I got to talk to him every day and like, I've made his life, I feel happier because I've
 extended his legacy because I'm sharing his original thoughts.
 Like, they're not my thoughts.
 Like how dare someone take someone else's original thoughts and mark them off as their
 own.
 Anyway, and the relationship I have with Dan now has been amazing.
 We're relationship with other people that I quoted, I shared their stories that I learned
 things from like, man, I can't tell you how much better it feels to give them credit
 and talk to them and share it, you know, share it with them like what I learned from them.
 Hopefully you guys do that as well.
 But anyway, as a curator, I was like, well, what, like, if I want to go a level up, right,
 if I'm finding these entrepreneurs early in their career, when they don't know what a
 funnel is yet, all they know is that they feel different, right?
 They feel unique.
 Like the people around them think they're weird.
 They have drive and passionate, but they don't know what to do with it.
 Like, how do I, how to reach those people earlier?
 And then long term, they'll still come down and we'll get them, you know, ideally in the
 ClickFunnels and marketing, all kinds of stuff, but it begins with growth.
 Like if you read the Expert Secrets book, I talk about the transition from growth to
 the contribution, right?
 We go through a phase of personal growth, we're growing and developing and learning.
 And then eventually we start tapping out like you can't grow past a certain level until
 you shift your focus from growth to contribution to helping other people, right?
 And so that became the, that became the thought in my head is that all the people I'm serving
 right now with ClickFunnels and my books are people who are trying to do contribution,
 right?
 They're trying to start a business.
 They went past that first tier.
 So they're like, how do I get to people during the first phase of their journey, which is
 growth?
 Like when they're growing before they have figured it all out, before they've figured
 out their framework or their idea, they think they want to share with the world, but they're
 just struggling and they're trying to grow.
 And so I started thinking about that.
 And again, as someone who's not a traditional author, someone who's a curator, I started
 thinking, well, who are the people I want to learn from?
 Like, if I'm going to go do this, like I'm going to go study the greatest minds of our
 time and go and start curating these people.
 And then I'm going to, from that, from that, I'll figure out what we're going to teach
 and talk about because I didn't know yet.
 And so I was like, where do I start?
 And the person I started with was Napoleon Hill.
 And so I started buying his books and then I don't know what, I have a weird fascination
 with books probably because I'm an author.
 I know what goes into, it's funny, like five minutes ago, I said I'm not an author.
 So somebody's written a book, I'm an author, but you know, but like I know the work that
 goes into writing a really, really good book.
 Like the blood, the sweat, the tears, the stress, the anxiety, all the things, right?
 When a book is done, like how it's like, like you're leaving a part of yourself.
 Like, Docom Secrets was a decade in my life.
 A decade of trial and error that I figured out and wrote a book and I gave it to people
 and it was crazy because I used to travel the country giving speeches on the principles
 of Docom Secrets.
 And after I like wrote the book, I stopped teaching that stuff, I handed it, I could
 just give someone a book and it was like, this is a decade in my life.
 And there's something about it, like of all the things I've created, like the book is
 the thing that lasted the longest, right?
 I always talk about this with some of my friends who are influenced.
 Like the written word is the only thing that really outlives the life of the author.
 Like everything else dies, right?
 You do a live event, you know, fun life and life happens, 5,000 people come and change
 their life.
 And then what happens, then those people leave with it, but then it stops, the ripple, you
 know, not the ripple effect, but what happened there, it ends.
 Right?
 The same way someone goes through the course, eventually courses seem to disappear and
 people move on.
 But there's something about the written word, like the book is still here, right?
 Like amazing books like the Bible and things like that that have been around for so long.
 In fact, I was doing this study on, I think it was the book of John.
 And like we don't have the original manuscripts of the book of John.
 I think we have the third, the third, you know, like John wrote it and then someone took
 his and wrote a copy and then John's got destroyed or lost and then someone took John's copy
 and then copied it again.
 And like we have the third versions, the manuscripts we have in the book of John, right?
 Which is so cool.
 It's like this is like as close to the source as possible.
 Like I love going back to the source.
 Like who is, what is that is that get originated from and why?
 And like, you know, that always fascinates me.
 And so, and I had bought in a couple of old first-session Mormon books and book a book
 of Mormon and a couple of things like that that were really special to me.
 And I thought, well, if I'm going to do this, like it'd be fun to have like a first edition
 of like some of these old books, right?
 So I started searching and I found on eBay a first edition, I found a bunch of like first
 edition thinking garriches.
 And they weren't that expensive.
 So I bought a couple of them and I was like, yeah, that's cool.
 And then about that time is when I had bought in this land behind ClickFunnels headquarters
 and it was like three lots.
 And one time we were going to build a big building there, but then COVID hit.
 So we said not to build a building.
 But I was like, I want to turn it into something like be cool to make this like an event center,
 but also like a museum and in the museum, I could have like my first-session books,
 they could have a whole library there.
 And that's kind of where this vision started happening.
 And again, I didn't know I didn't know the end of it from the beginning.
 But I was like, this is this vision and this is where I'm going to go.
 And so I started, I started pursuing that like, okay, I'm going to find books to put
 in this library that I don't even know.
 Yeah, I'm going to hire an architect, start designing this library.
 And like, and so I started like I have a friend who builds amazing buildings and I call
 them up.
 I said, okay, I have an idea.
 And so he started designing it and his architects started working.
 And then I was like, he'll have this big building.
 I need books in it.
 Like I got to find rare cool books to put inside of this.
 And so I started searching and I'm like, well, I have a couple of thinking.
 I'm like, I'm going to go to the garage first edition.
 It's like, what else do I need?
 And I started, and I went to eBay and I started searching to Pulling Hill.
 I sort from high price to lowest.
 And the number one thing, there's a book set there, the law of success.
 It was written three years before the actual law of success.
 It was for sale for $1.5 million.
 And I was like, oh, that's the piece.
 That would be the crown centerpiece of the library is the first edition law of the success,
 right?
 Like, and I wanted it and I lusted after it.
 I was like $1.5 million books is crazy.
 But I kept looking at it.
 So I started buying all the other old books and courses and records that everything I
 could find from him.
 And then at one point in this journey, I almost bought Success Magazine.
 And so I started buying all the first edition success magazines from the 1800s and 1900s
 and started collecting those.
 And then eventually I got ahold of the guy who owned that first edition law of success
 from the Pulling Hill.
 And I found that he'd been collecting for 20 years.
 And so he had a huge collection.
 And so I negotiated back and forth and eventually ended up buying his entire collection from
 him.
 And I flew out there and picked it up.
 And there's a whole vlog coming out soon to that story, which he is going to love.
 But then I had, I had acquired, I don't know, 5,000 books from Napoleon Hill and that era.
 And it started this journey.
 I started reading the books and started learning about the other people I learned about.
 Orson Sweet Martin, who was the guy who started Success Magazine.
 And I found out about him.
 And I found out about Samuel Smiles, who was the first person wrote his personal film,
 the book.
 And again, I started going down the Russell rabbit hole of like, like, where do these thought
 leaders come from?
 Like, where was the source?
 And I started finding them and finding the first edition books that they've wrote.
 And I found out that there was this window of time from like 1850 to 1950.
 It was called the New Thought Movement.
 And prior to that, people had never thought, like the concept of like, you can think and
 by thinking, you can change your life.
 No one, that wasn't a thing yet.
 Prior to that, it was, it was very different, right?
 And this New Thought Movement was where people were exposed by this thing of like, how you
 could think and grow rich or think and change your life or think and, you know, whatever
 those things were.
 And that era, I became obsessed with every author, every thought leader, every book, every
 manuscript, everything, I started buying and requiring and keeping them.
 But again, I was in a real vision, a full vision of where I was going.
 I just knew that this was a direction that was pointed in.
 And so I was running towards it just to figure out where it was going to turn out.
 And I'm not going to spend expensive trip.
 I think right now I'm about $12 million into old books, which is nuts.
 We think about that, but it's been for me the most fulfilling and rewarding journey.
 And there's so many stories that I found that I want to share.
 And so I'm launching a whole new company soon.
 And in fact, in August, we will officially launch.
 It's called Secrets of Success.
 And again, you'll be talking more about that.
 But what I'm doing with it, I'm really excited for and proud of it.
 And it's going to be cool.
 I end up flying off to the Point Hill Foundation.
 We built a really good relationship with Don Green over there.
 He's been sending me like unpublished and point-hill manuscripts and works and books
 and like just fascinating stuff.
 And so we have a partnership with them actually.
 And so they're going to get a royalty of everything else in membership site because
 of all the amazing things that they've donated to the cause.
 Anyway, so many stories I want to tell you, but I just don't have time in the context
 of this podcast episode.
 But I do want to tell you is that I finally figured out the vision for this.
 Like, why am I doing this?
 What's the purpose?
 Is there a reason?
 Like, what's the reason?
 Like, why am I doing all this?
 And what's cool about it is I'm actually sharing this for the first time ever live this
 Thursday depending on your listening to this.
 And so I'm going to put a-- there's a webinar or registration link you can register.
 And I'm going to tell the story.
 And I'm going to show a lot of these books and these manuscripts and things like that.
 It's going to be really cool.
 So for those of you guys who are listening to this, like, stop everything you're doing
 now and grab a piece of paper and write this down because I want you to register for it.
 It's www.secretsofsuccess.com/atlas.
 Secretsofsuccess.com/atlas.
 It's a free registration and a free registration.
 When you register, I'm going to jump on and again, this Thursday, which usually when
 these podcasts drop, email has dropped us a little earlier this week.
 Make sure you guys have a chance to get there.
 But worst case, I'll put the replay of it on that page as well.
 But I'm going to show you guys behind the scenes.
 Like, I'm going to show you guys some of these books and manuscripts and things that I've
 acquired that are so special to be, that are so cool.
 So I'm going to show you guys those.
 But then also, I'm going to show you guys the vision for the library events center.
 In fact, we went down to Burbank, California and rented a green screen studio.
 Like, same ones they filmed like Mandalorian, things like that in.
 And we filmed me walking through the library.
 Like, you know, we've got all the designs, architecture designs, like 3D design.
 And so, I'm going to show you guys the video I'm going to be walking through and showing
 you all this stuff, which is really cool.
 And then, yeah, it's going to be really cool.
 I'm going to share with you guys the vision.
 Now, I have shared this vision once before.
 And it was in Mexico.
 In fact, I'm going to do second podcast.
 We're going to drop a couple of podcasts this week.
 So this one's already getting long.
 And I want to make sure that you guys don't miss the call to action and come back.
 So the next episode, I'm going to tell you guys the story about how I raised over $10
 million to fund this library by making a million dollar offer.
 And so, episode two of the series will launch, maybe that'll launch on Thursday.
 I don't know.
 I'll talk to my brother about it.
 But he publishes these podcasts for me.
 We'll drop a couple this week that will tell the rest of the story.
 So that episode will tell you the story about the million dollar offer, which would be really
 fun.
 But with that said, at the end of this podcast, go and register.
 Do you know what I'm saying?
 It's going to be really fun.
 I'm showing you guys priceless stuff.
 It's worth literally millions and millions of dollars.
 I'm telling you guys some cool stories.
 And you'll have a chance to see, like, what in the world was I thinking?
 Why am I doing this?
 Where is the vision actually going to?
 It's interesting.
 I actually shared this with my wife and some of my employees, so by that, and after they
 saw the video, they're like, oh, wow, I see now.
 And it's so funny because prior for the last three or four years, they're like, you're
 crazy.
 What's he doing?
 Now they're like, oh, I see.
 I want to be part of it.
 And that's my goal for you guys.
 I want you guys to see what I'm creating and why, and hopefully it won't be part of
 it.
 So with that said, again, secretsofsuccess.com/at, let's go and register.
 Go check it out.
 And come hang out with me this Thursday.
 We're going to be talking a lot of really cool things.
 I appreciate you guys.
 Let's end this episode.
 And I'll do another episode that will probably drop tomorrow.
 So you guys will go to early.
 I'm telling you guys a story about the million dollar offer.
 And also I'm going to talk to you guys about how you can actually come to Boise, Idaho for
 the groundbreaking ceremony.
 That's happening in less than a month from now.
 There's 60 people are going to be coming.
 And if you want to find out how to be one of those 60 people in Boise during the literal
 groundbreaking, we have shovels and tractors and a dig a hole.
 And I've got some cool speakers coming out.
 Joe Vitaly's going to come out and speak and a bunch of other cool people.
 If you want to be part of that private groundbreaking ceremony, also you've got to be on the webinar.
 So secrets of success.com/athlesatlas.
 And I've got some things she has and I'll talk to you guys on the next episode.
 Bye everybody.
 (gentle music)
