 Hey, this is Russell Brunson and you are listening to Marketing Secrets podcast during today's episode.
 We are going to be talking about a concept I call the Rembrandt in the attic.
 I'm going to tell you some really cool stories about it.
 But this is, if you ever thought about like why in the world do big companies buy other
 companies, right?
 Facebook is really an example.
 Facebook's bought a lot of companies like Instagram which makes a lot of sense, but
 they bought like Oculus like why would they have bought that?
 And now it's becoming like everything, right?
 It's a meta versus a future.
 Why did Amazon buy Whole Foods?
 Why did Apple buy Shazam?
 Or Google buy an Android?
 And why did Disney buy Pixar and Marvel?
 You have other companies like Coca-Cola buying Monster, you have Salesforce buying Slack.
 Like why would they make exact positions, right?
 And so you see this happening at a big huge scale, but it's also happening at a small
 scale that every one of us, you and me can participate in and be part of and it's going
 to be happening every single day.
 I'm going to be showing you guys behind the scenes of some of the companies that we're
 buying and acquiring and why we're doing it.
 We're talking about why I've spent five or six million dollars on old books and how it opens
 up a whole new world of things for you.
 You can start seeing opportunities in a whole bunch of places you probably never saw before.
 And I think this is going to be an episode you are going to love.
 So my intention for you guys during this episode is you're going through it.
 It's the one you start thinking for yourself, like how could I do this?
 Why are you looking at literally companies?
 Like look at Clickphones.
 If I was by Clickphones, what would I do?
 Look at Monster.
 What would I do?
 If I would buy Facebook today, what would I do?
 If I was to go buy, you know, whatever your favorite companies and your brands are
 like, what would you do if you were to buy those things?
 Like what would it look like?
 What would be the Rembrandt and the Attic?
 You could see that you can identify.
 They would make this more valuable to you than to anybody else on the planet.
 When you think about that as you're going through here.
 Also as you're listening, if you enjoy this episode, a couple of things you can do if
 we're number one, please share this with other people.
 Like literally grab the link for your podcast app, send out to other people and say, "Check
 out this episode.
 It's amazing.
 That would mean the world to me."
 Also, make sure you leave comments, go rate and review those things.
 I see them every single day.
 It helps this podcast get out to more people, which means the world to me.
 And the last thing is that if you go to marketingseekers.com, over there we have the video
 versions.
 If you want to go watch me talk about this stuff.
 Plus, you get the transcripts there, you get the show notes.
 And also you can see what else is new happening inside the world.
 All the different podcasts, episode YouTube videos, everything's archived there at marketingsecrets.com.
 And on top of that, if you have questions about this episode specifically, when you go
 to marketingseekers.com on the homepage, there's a spot you can ask your questions.
 It's coming directly to me.
 And when you do update shows about this episode, I can go deep into your Q&A's, which would
 be a lot of fun.
 This episode has also been brought to you by your sponsor.
 Your sponsor for today is Dan Kennedy.
 Dan, thank you so much.
 You're sponsoring today.
 Dan Kennedy sponsors episode.
 If you go to knowbsletter.com, you'll get a free, the most incredible free gift ever
 from Dan.
 This has got over 10,000 hours for the money making gifts for free when you show up there
 at knowbsletter.com.
 Thank you, Dan Kennedy, for sponsoring this episode.
 We were grateful for you.
 And with that said, let's have some fun on this episode of the marketing seekers podcast.
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 Okay, so I want to start by telling you guys a story about what a Rembrandt in the attic
 is.
 And then hopefully from there, I want to kind of bridge it into this online business.
 Like all of you guys have been, if you're listening to this podcast, my guess is you've
 listened to a lot of my podcasts, maybe read the books, maybe even if I'm not going live,
 you're going through our coaching programs, like you just have these skills that you have
 these, these ability to do things with it.
 And maybe you're struggling to grow a business or maybe, you know, like you're trying to
 feel what's next level, what's the next thing I'm going to do or like how do I stimulate
 my mind more?
 So I want to share this, this concept with you, the Rembrandt in the attic.
 And then I'm going to share a bunch of stories just to get the wheels and your head spinning.
 So why are you guys getting better at this?
 Like I want it.
 This is me helping you guys to like strengthen those muscles in your head of just seeing
 opportunity where opportunity might not be there for most people.
 Okay.
 So the story of a Rembrandt in the attic, I think I heard this, I can't remember exactly
 where I might have been in Joe Polish's mastermind group or something.
 And one of the guys was talking about this concept.
 So like when people buy companies, you know, a lot of times a company will go for sale
 on the market and hope people look at it.
 Maybe they'll low buy, God, it's worth 10 million, 10 million, whatever.
 And someone comes in like, oh, that's worth $50 million.
 And why would one company be 50 million?
 Everyone else in the market is like, oh, it's only worth 10.
 And the guy says, because that person who wants to spend 50 million knows there's a Rembrandt
 in the attic.
 And I remember asking like, what did you just say?
 He said, a Rembrandt in the attic.
 I'm like, what does that mean?
 He said, well, imagine somebody is selling a house, right?
 And a bunch of people come into the house to looking at it.
 It's like, oh, the house is worth $100,000.
 I remember offering $100,000 to this house.
 And someone comes in and they come out and they offer the person like, OK, I want this
 house.
 I'll give you a million dollars right now for it.
 And the person's like, everyone else says this is worth $150.
 Why would you give me a million dollars?
 And the person like, I just want to pay a million dollars for it.
 So the guy signs on the house, he gets the house, spends a million dollars, buys the
 house.
 And what the home owner and all the other people that knows, if you went and searched
 in the attic of the house, there's actually an original Rembrandt painting which worth
 $100 million sitting up there.
 And the person who recognized the Rembrandt in the attic, they saw that it was worth way
 more to them than they will and spend more because they knew what to do with it, right?
 And so for you right now, I want to understand that there are so many, we're in this crazy
 era with recession hitting and things shutting down.
 There's companies for sale right now.
 There's opportunities to partner with people.
 There are so many things that happen right now where there are literally these assets
 that are super, super cheap.
 But if you have the mindset, you understand marketing and sales and funnels and traffic
 and distribution where you can come in and recognize the Rembrandt in the attic and get
 insane deal that could literally just give a huge for you.
 Because I was kind of preparing for this podcast.
 I was thinking about just another example to kind of help you guys see this.
 And the example I share is Shark Tank.
 And maybe it's because we're actually working on a project right now with Damon John.
 So I've been thinking, I've been watching more Shark Tank and getting back in that mindset.
 But it's interesting because each shark on Shark Tank has different skill sets, right?
 You know, Damon is like the guy who built Fubu and so he understands retail and clothing
 because that really, really well, right?
 And then you got Mark who's like the tech guy who's built big tech companies.
 And you got Lori who's in QVC, you got Robert who's got a security, they all have their
 own little thing, right?
 And so when an entrepreneur comes to pitch the sharks on Shark Tank, like here's the
 offer, you know, if it's like a gadgety thing, Damon's going to be like, I don't do that,
 right?
 But Lori's like, oh my gosh, I know that'll sell in QVC.
 Like I'll give you a million dollars for half the company because I know that in 50 seconds,
 I can call a phone, get you on QVC and we're ripped, right?
 Or some of them bring this new clothing line and everyone else is like, why?
 You know, Mark Cuban's like, why would you do that?
 It doesn't make any sense.
 But for Damon, like there's a Rembrandt in the attic, Damon knows like, oh my gosh,
 I know if I call this person right here, I get in retail and we'll make $100 million
 and like 25 seconds, right?
 Because he understands that.
 But each shark has a distribution channel that they know, they understand and they master.
 So when a product comes to them, they say like, I understand this distribution channel,
 like I can plug it in, it just takes off really quickly.
 Okay?
 So for you as an entrepreneur, like there's a lot of these different things you can become
 good at.
 Like I just look at like the three books right here, like Doc, Comp, Secrets, X, Persecers,
 Traffic, Secrets, I think if you get any of these, like let's say you find a business
 that's got a really, really good product, really good sales, letter sales video, web
 and all, whatever, but like they're not making much money.
 It's like, well they need more traffic.
 Well, if you are really good at traffic, you can come in and like take this company's
 making almost no money, but you're like, they have all the right assets, right?
 They've got this Rembrandt in the end.
 They've got an amazing product, amazing sales pitch, but they can't get traffic.
 You can buy the company or partner or acquire it or whatever it is.
 And also you bring the traffic and boom, overnight you can have a success.
 Or maybe a company's got really good traffic, but their conversions rate or conversions are
 lower, sales low.
 It's like, well, they need to funnel or, oh, they need somebody to help build a webinar.
 Whatever it is, like you have these skill sets, you can find these deals and by bringing in
 these talents, you can dramatically grow the company.
 So I want to share that kind of as the intro because this is something I've been doing
 a lot and it's funny because as you guys know over the last couple of years, so we've
 been buying a lot of different companies and people are always asking, why did you buy
 that?
 Why did you spend that much money?
 Does it make any sense to me?
 Also in the last, less than the years, this last funnel hacking live, for those who are
 watching the video right now, I'm in the Napoleon Hill room.
 I always first auditioned Napoleon Hill books and other books.
 I think last we're looking at spent between five and six million dollars in books in the
 last year.
 And there's probably, I don't know, we guys think three, four thousand books between
 all these different rooms in here and be like, why are you guys, you're so dumb?
 Like you're buying old books, like there's no value in them.
 But they don't understand.
 It's like, I know something they don't know.
 I understand what I can do with these books.
 I understand how the public domain works.
 I understand republishing.
 I understand how NFTs, how they can work with public.
 There's some things I understand.
 So I wanted to share some of these stories with you guys just to get the wills your head
 spinning, right?
 So you can start looking at like the skill sets you have acquired, you have learned or
 like, I need to learn the skills.
 I need to learn traffic.
 Like plug in these other companies or whatever those things are just to help.
 Honestly, I want you guys just to flex your mental muscles and strengthen these muscles
 so you can start seeing these opportunities everywhere.
 So man, I got a whole bunch of ideas here.
 I'll just throw, I'll start going through a couple of them.
 So one of them was a magnetic marketing.
 So Dan Kennedy's company.
 A lot of you guys know last year we acquired it.
 It was so much fun for me.
 It's been a great thing.
 But reality is like, why would I bought that company, right?
 Like I have an info publishing company.
 I've got a bunch of books.
 I have software.
 I've got it by Dan Kennedy's company, right?
 And if you look at it, you know, back in the day when Bill Glaser and it was killing it,
 it was making much money.
 And then it was sold to this PE firm who kind of ran off the ground.
 And when you look at all of a sudden, like when I had a chance to acquire the company,
 it wasn't worth a lot of money.
 So I was able to get it for us, you know, for not like you'd be shocked how much I was
 able to acquire the company for us.
 So I was able to acquire the company.
 But why would I still like, why would you do that?
 Now you have all this, you know, all this, this, you know, you've got more staff, more
 people like, why was it worth it to you?
 And for me, it's like, well, like I know that the way we've grown ClickFunnels is by having
 these front end offers, right?
 It's like .com, secrets, expert secrets, traffic, these books people would buy.
 They come to our community and then we would sell them ClickFunnels on the backend.
 Oh, sorry, no, I almost knocked something over.
 They come in and we sell them ClickFunnels on the backend, right?
 And that's how we grew ClickFunnels.
 But for me, it's like, I remember, I've talked to us before, like we wanted to figure out
 how do we create more non-Russell based front end.
 So by buying, by marketing, I was able to buy, I mean, Dan Canning's written 40 something
 books.
 Like I have 40 potential front ends we could do, but also like looking through the archives,
 like we found like seven years of old faxes he had sent.
 I found all these courses are unpublished that are worth so much, like there's so much
 value in here, like all these Rembrandt's in the attic.
 Like if somebody, with my eye was able to look just the hard drive we got, the Google
 drive we got from the company when we acquired it, like there's hundreds of millions of dollars
 in value in there if you know what to do with it, right?
 So if I understand how to publish, how to republish, how to do these kind of things,
 right?
 So like there's so much value there that all of a sudden it's like I buy this thing for
 not that much money, but because we now, we have assets that are going to be front ends
 for our company, they'll be back ends are going to be bonuses for things like I'm literally
 flying out an hour to go fly to Dean Grociosi's office.
 We're participating in their big product launch.
 And I'm trying to figure out how to get everyone to buy through me versus all the other
 affiliates and like, well, let me look at Dan's hard drive.
 I go through the hard drive and there's this course in there that's just like no one's
 ever seen, no one's ever heard of it.
 It's insanely good specifically how to get to seven figures in your business.
 And so I took this course, it was a three day event, Dan's sold for $10,000 and now I
 can offer those as a bonus.
 And we'll probably, I don't know, we'll make, I don't know, six, seven figures in affiliate
 commissions because I knew that there was this bonus in a folder, this Rembrandt Nantic
 I was able to use and leverage that way, right?
 And there's dozens of things like that just inside the magnetic marketing business.
 The some of the way I'm talking about publicly too much, depending on this maybe the first
 initial announcement, we'll do podcasts that specifically, but a lot of you guys know Brandon
 and Caitlyn Poland.
 They, some of our biggest success stories inside of ClickFunnels, they built this huge
 movement called Lady Boss and over the last year or so they decided to shut the company
 down.
 They were, they read and retired, they made a lot of money and Caitlyn wanted to be a
 mom and Brandon wanted to kind of start another business.
 They decided to shut the company down and it was interesting because you know, you may
 look at me and like Russell, like you, you sell business stuff.
 Why would you have bought Lady Boss?
 Okay.
 And the reason why is I looked at it, I was like, there's, there's five or six Rembrandts
 in the attic that other people aren't seeing.
 Like just top line and I'm just going to give you this, just stimulate your thoughts.
 Like my question is like, let's say you were to buy Lady Boss, the company, what would you
 do with it?
 Right?
 There's 1.9 million people on the email list, 700,000 people, 700,000 supplement buyers
 on the list.
 They've got all the info products, the supplements, the coaching, the, they spent three years building
 coaching curriculum to coach them for three years on a weight loss journey.
 They have sales script, how they selling it.
 And all these things like, there's so many Rembrandts in that, in that business and we
 were able to get it because not because I'm like, oh, I'm going to, this is going to be
 both ClickFunnels, although there's a way that I know how we're going to use this to
 help build ClickFunnels, but it's just, it's that I saw that asset and there's all these
 Rembrandts in the attic.
 There's some, some really quick things I can do because I understand this.
 I know I connect, if I connect them with this person here, this person here, we can
 launch this business in a different way and grow dramatically, right?
 Another example is the last podcast episode, I believe, I talked about doodly, how about
 the doodly, too, like that, that company as well.
 And the reason why, one of the big reasons why I bought that company is because the way
 they structured their sales funnel, the point where they were getting 500 buyers a day coming
 into their world, right?
 And recently we found another company, another software company for sale.
 It's this funnel simulation software and we'll talk about that in future episodes, but I
 saw that software and it was doing good, but not great.
 I was like, if I just take that software and if I build the funnel to match the same funnel
 structure that doodly.com has, if I model that funnel structure, I can take this funnel
 simulation software from, you know, from 30 or 40 sales a day to 300, 400 sales a day
 overnight just by restructuring how the funnel looks and then cranes new ads and relaunching
 it.
 And so we looked at it and it's like, oh my gosh, like, you know, right now they're struggling
 to sell this company, but like for me, like there's this Rembrandt in the attic.
 I know exactly how to shift from 30 sales a day to 300 sales a day.
 You know, exactly how to take those people now and put them in a click funnels and suddenly
 I think it becomes so valuable for me, right?
 Because like I know I'm going to do with it.
 The these old books, I'm going to tell you guys a, we'll go deeper into the strategy long
 term, but again, this is for me to help you guys start flexing your mind.
 Like I started buying these books and again, most people I know, like, this is crazy.
 Why would you keep buying these old books?
 What's the purpose?
 Like there's like put it on a, to put it in a bookshelf or to put it on a glass and show
 people.
 Yes, that's part of the strategy, but the bigger strategy is because I've done a study understanding
 to learn how the copyright law is working in the United States.
 There's a thing called the public domain.
 Some of you have heard of it, but public domain is when something was created and the
 copyright expires.
 And so any book or work, so it can be art, it can be movies, it can be TV, it can be music,
 film, audio, anything that was published before 1923 in America is automatically in the public
 domain.
 In fact, interesting, if you look at Walt Disney, Walt Disney's entire company was built off
 public domain things.
 There were books that were written back in the early, in the late 1800s or the 1900s,
 like Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Walt Disney didn't write those stories.
 Those were stories that were in the public domain and took them and they wrote movies
 and created movies out and built the Disney Empire.
 And so anything published before 1923 in America is automatically in the public domain.
 You can take those things, you can republish them.
 From 1923 to 1963, I'm going to mess up the numbers here, but it's when the copyright
 laws changed and something had to be renewed during those ones.
 From 1923 to 1963, the copyright was renewed.
 It's in the copyright, but it's still copyrighted, but if it wasn't, it's in the public domain.
 And they assume that only I think 7% of works were ever re-copyrighted.
 So anything between 1923 and 1963 that the copyright was renewed is in the public domain.
 So all of these works, all these books are in the public domain and you can start reselling
 them, right?
 You can republish them.
 You can use them for courses, for podcasts, for books, for bonuses.
 Like there's a million things you can do with it, right?
 And so as I started to determine, we started finding these books that were super rare that
 nobody has.
 In fact, I went and bought this DePointe Hill first edition of Law of Success and we flew
 out there to meet with the guy.
 I ended up buying his entire collection and part of the collection was 250 pages of these
 hand type stuff in the Pawnee Hill.
 And I remember going through them, I'm like, "This is really, really cool."
 And the guy who I bought from told me, he's like, "I used to charge people $10,000.
 They'd come to my house for a day and they would just read these things and then I make
 them leave."
 And so when we got that stuff back here, I started going through it and what I realized
 is that literally these 250 pages were an unpublished book and the Pawnee Hill wrote
 that he never published.
 No one's ever seen before.
 And I have the only copy of the manuscripts of this book.
 And it's all in the public domain.
 So I'm able to take this and I can republish it.
 How many guys would go crazy to buy an unpublished book from the Pawnee Hill and no one has seen
 ever, right?
 Like directly from his typewriter, I have these things and we can turn that into money.
 I can turn it into a hook to get somebody to join a continuity program or newsletter.
 There's a million ways I can republish that, right?
 A couple of, there's so many cool things.
 I know I was talking down here a minute ago.
 He was talking about Logan Paul.
 I saw he bought a Pokemon card for, I think it was six months.
 He said five.
 I think it was six.
 I watched the video yesterday actually.
 Anyway, he bought it.
 He bought this thing.
 He wore it on WWE.
 It was a Pokemon card.
 It's a thing like, why would you spend $6 million on this Pokemon card, right?
 But he's using it.
 He's building the value of it by telling the story and they bring it out and also know
 this thing worth $6 million worth more.
 And see some impartial ownership?
 Okay.
 So fractional ownership, they have teeth.
 So this is something fascinating.
 I've been studying this as well because people are doing this a lot with paintings now
 where these rare paintings that are worth $30 million.
 Most people can't buy a $30 million painting, right?
 But paintings beat the SMP like 14x, I believe, or 10x or something crazy like that, right?
 Old books beat the SMP, I think, by seven or eight eggs.
 Old Mormon books, by the way, be it by 40x.
 And so I've spent multiple million dollars in old Mormon books.
 And like, so those are valuable to me.
 They're beating the stock market, but most of them aren't going to buy a $6 million NFT.
 They're not going to buy a $30 million painting.
 They're not going to buy a $1 million old, $150,000 old first-station book of Mormon
 or a doctrine and covenant of these things.
 They're expensive.
 But what you can do nowadays with NFTs, you can sell partial ownership, right?
 So I have the first-station law of success that cost me $1.5 million.
 It's the only addition on the planet, Simon and Pauli Hill.
 And again, most of them aren't going to spend $1.5 million.
 But hey, did you know that you can invest, you could buy, who knows, it's going to be
 $1,500 for an NFT.
 You will have won $100 of this thing.
 And as the value of it goes up over time, your NFT value goes up over time.
 So I can sell fractional ownership to a book, to a painting, to a Pokemon card, things like
 that.
 So a lot of the really expensive books don't make any logical sense.
 Like, why would you spend that much money on a book?
 It's because I can buy that, acquire it.
 I have the assets.
 I can sell fractional ownership to it.
 You can get a stock, basically a stock certificate to that book.
 And then as the book of the value, the value of the book goes up over time, just like a
 stock certificate, the value of your NFT goes up over time.
 And you can sell it.
 And every time you resell your NFT, I get paid as well as the NFT.
 There's so many amazing things I can do with these books.
 Now I'm not looking at like, I'm spending a million dollars on a book.
 I'm saying, man, I'm spending a million dollars.
 I can then sell, I can fractionally sell the NFTs, which get my money back completely,
 but I still have the assets I can use, I can leverage, I can reprint, I can publish, I
 can do amazing things with.
 It's really, really cool.
 As you guys all know, like right now, this is the point he'll remember right now is
 a temporary room is we're building a huge library slash museum slash events center,
 and we're going to call it.
 But it's like, why, like, how, like, why would you do that?
 People, like, everyone I've told it to is like, that's cool.
 But why would you, I think is this a public library?
 I'm like, no, like, well, like, why do you spend that much money to build the library
 with statues in these old books?
 I'm like, because I understand how to turn that into money, right?
 And I'm not going to go deep into it.
 There's a whole bunch of four or five different monetization strategies.
 They're in there where all of a sudden, like, this thing doesn't actually cost me.
 And the second I we've created is it's actually making money.
 And so it's like thinking through these things for you guys is I want you guys just looking
 at things differently.
 Okay.
 And so that was the core point of this podcast is just for all of you guys is the more skill
 sets you get, especially in the marketing game, like, and more Rembrandt's, they add
 pop up when you become a good market in anything else in the world, right?
 Because if you get a good market in your business, that's amazing.
 But then it's like, oh, this business is for sale.
 Or I told you this before, right now, there's so many, because we're going to recession,
 a lot of people who don't want their business, their business are profitable.
 And they're just shutting them down because they can't sell them in a traditional way.
 So you can go to these people who are shutting their business down to their struggling and
 say, I want to buy your business.
 I'll give you a hundred thousand dollars for the business, but I'm not going to give you
 any money right now.
 I'm going to finance this.
 And so like from the profit I make, I'll pay you back 10 grand a month for the next,
 you know, 10 months, whatever it is.
 And that's all about your business.
 And those deals are there all day, every single day where you can pick up the business.
 And again, for you, there's a brand, okay, oh my gosh, I know that my list would love
 to buy this thing.
 So I could do a venture or I could just acquire the business, promote it and pay it
 off.
 Literally with the Dan Kennedy offer and we bought magnetic marketing, we bought the
 company, we created a funnel, we launched it to our list, we got all the cash, we paid
 it off.
 And now everything moving forward is complete pure profit, right?
 And so like there's so many deals like that when you start understanding these principles.
 So even if you're in the spot, right, I don't have a business share, I can't figure all
 the different pieces.
 That's okay.
 Like the skills that you guys are learning are so, so, so, so valuable.
 If you just focus on traffic, if you just focus on funnels, if you just focus on, you
 know, on webinars or sell your tell people's stories and you master that piece and so looking
 for different opportunities out there that don't have that piece.
 They're missing that one piece, right?
 Or maybe you find somebody's really good at traffic and you find somebody's really good
 at funnels and you just become the middle person like setting up these deals, right?
 Like Damon John is not going out there making the phone calls to go get distribution in
 all these different clothing lines, right?
 But he's like, I got to do, do that.
 I got to do, do that.
 Whatever you got, different people who do things, he knows that all I have to do is if I say
 yes to this deal, I call three people and now this, this is in 3000 stores.
 He's the same thing for you like, I don't want to get traffic, but this is the guy who's
 really good at traffic.
 This person will get a funnels.
 I find this deal, take over the deal, make two phone calls.
 Can you do the funnel?
 You do traffic.
 I'll give you each a piece of the pie and then boom, all of a sudden, now you're in business.
 And so this is the stuff I'm where you guys thinking through.
 So my goal for this podcast episode, I'm literally my notes here says I want you guys
 exercising flexing the muscles in your brain.
 What would you do?
 So start looking at bills, think about the lady boss still we bought, right?
 Think about doodly.
 Think about magnetic marketing.
 If you were to buy that company, what would you do?
 It all starts there.
 What would you do?
 Okay, look at another company.
 What's the company in your market?
 They say on it is really cool.
 So what would you do if you bought on it?
 What would you do if you bought Success Magazine?
 What would you do if you bought an old book on eBay?
 What would you do?
 And then start that exercise and it's going to get the wheels you're here spinning and
 start realizing, oh my gosh, I learned this over here.
 I learned this over here.
 I could do this.
 I could do this.
 And then the muscles in your brain are going to get smarter.
 If you were to buy ClickFunnels, what would you do?
 I want to ask you guys that question.
 Think about it.
 If I gave you the keys of ClickFunnels, congratulations to your owner, what are you going to do?
 What would you do?
 What would it look like?
 How would you make it better?
 How would you structure it?
 How would you try to grow cells?
 How would you try to start thinking through these things and let's start opening all these
 things for you?
 So that's kind of the goal you guys will start looking at is just flexing these muscles
 in your brain.
 So when the opportunities show up, when you're out looking at houses and you look in the
 attic, also you see a $100 million Rembrandt that you were able to go execute on it, take
 that opportunity and run with it.
 Because you don't want me to purchase walks and look at it, "Well, it's only worth $100
 million and leave when the things worth $100 million."
 Those opportunities around you every single day and your skills that gives you the ability
 to capitalize on it and have success.
 So with that said, you guys, I hope you enjoyed this episode.
 If you have, please share with somebody.
 Yeah, let them know.
 The biggest thing you do to help pass this on is share this episode with somebody else,
 post it on your social media, and also make sure you go to the podcast sites and rate
 and review that may be in the world of me.
 On top of that, if you have any questions about this specific topic, I can do an update episode
 in the future.
 Go to marketingseekers.com.
 There's a chat block in there.
 You can literally go ask that question and come directly to me.
 And if we do an update on this episode, I will try to answer all your questions about Rembrandt's
 and the attics, the opportunities that are hiding right behind your nose.
 They're sitting there, you can just grab them.
 Let me know.
 And with that said, thank you guys so much for listening.
 I appreciate you being a listener and I will see you on the next episode of the marketing
 seekers podcast.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
