 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 So it has been almost two, in fact, maybe even three years since I was working on
 my next book, The Secrets of Success, which by the way has changed titles like 500 times as well.
 But I think that's where it's landing at, I don't know, I might change it again.
 But anyway, since then I've written the manuscript multiple times,
 I've just leave the entire manuscript multiple times because that's what I do.
 I don't think anyone really talks about how hard it is to actually write a really good book,
 something that you want to live beyond yourself.
 I think there's so many people that talk about how to write a book in a weekend,
 how to write a book in 24 hours, which is great for lead gen and stuff like that.
 But if your goal is to write a book that's going to last, it's tough, it's a lot of work.
 It's interesting because I think the first book's easier for me to write,
 so it's been a decade or more on the stages traveling the world speaking on those topics
 where this is more something that's been in my brain and so it's harder to get out.
 But anyway, I'm saying that just because I don't do books just for the sake of doing books.
 But I'm getting excited, I feel like I keep getting closer and closer to something that's going to be great.
 So someday, maybe you'll see a book for me entitled Secrets of Success or Some Version of that.
 So keep your fingers crossed, I'm excited for it.
 But I want to give you an idea of some of the path on the stuff I've been brainstorming so far.
 In fact, I wanted to share with you guys a presentation I did about a year ago or so
 to a special group of VIPs for an event I did called ECOM versus Expert with Allison Prince,
 which was a ton of fun.
 I did a VIP session earlier in the day where I shared some of my thoughts on success and personal development
 and how to make sure that you have success going through this event.
 After that, I did an event at the Mash reminded Paradise for my two CCX and inner circle members,
 which was good.
 In fact, I did another one like a month ago.
 So again, I keep iterating on these frameworks and these ideas and like,
 they're showing things I want to share, but sometimes it's too much.
 But I was really proud of this presentation.
 It was something I think was powerful, it was simple and gave a lot of cool things that
 I think will help you on your journey.
 Whatever your goal is, success for everyone is different.
 Some people success a lot of money, some it's family, some it's sports, like whatever it is for you.
 Hopefully that this presentation will help you to get closer to your goal.
 So what I'm actually going to take this presentation and we'll kind of drip feed it to you over
 the next couple episodes.
 And my goal is hopefully as you listen to it, you actually take action on each of the steps
 so you get the most out of it.
 And if you do one more favorite, if you enjoy this episode, please take a screenshot on
 your phone or wherever you're listening to it and then post on social and tag me and
 give me your number one takeaway with your thoughts on success and how anything, any
 other ideas you have for how we can make this presentation or these concepts better because
 I'm trying to get to the finish line of having the greatest success book in the history of
 all time.
 So with that said, here we go.
 I hope you enjoy the first session here of the Secrets of Success training.
 The first thing I want to talk about because this is going to be different for everyone
 is all of you just came here today, right?
 Because you want to have success.
 You want to have success.
 You want to have more money, you want to have more freedom, like whatever that means
 to you.
 But everybody defines success differently, right?
 So the first question I want to ask is like, what does success mean for you?
 Success means for you.
 Okay?
 Like, when will you know that you're actually successful?
 When you'd be like, oh my gosh, this is awesome.
 I'm successful.
 I had somebody ask this a little while ago, they asked me, they said, Russell, like, you
 been doing this for a long time.
 Like, when did you, like, when did you feel like you arrived?
 And when did you feel like you were successful?
 And I was like, I don't know yet.
 I'll let you know when I feel that way, right?
 Most of us who are high achievers who do stuff like this, you know, especially you guys
 who are paying VIPs or high achievers, like you're here, right?
 Most of us are hard for us to find success.
 And so I wanted to help create some definitions so we know when we've hit our goals and we
 know we've gotten to the place that we're trying to get to, right?
 And so the first thing I want you to pretend like I'm your coach for today, right?
 And I'm here and we are in front of a whiteboard and we're about to start our brand new season.
 And in this thing, I want to kind of help you guys to figure out your goals and what
 things you're looking like.
 Now, most of them are going to set new year's resolutions, right?
 They're like, oh, I'm going to try to lose weight.
 I'm going to try to do that and put it a whole bunch of like a thousand different goals.
 And then they go and they start trying to do all of them and they last like two or three
 days and the whole thing collapses, right?
 And I think the way to look at this differently is if we step back and instead I want to look
 at this the way that like if we were playing football, right?
 If we were in the NFL and we're trying to play football, how do we look at this, right?
 And there's different tiers of goals.
 If you were to play football, like the first goal that this one has like the top tier goal
 here, the very first thing that we're looking for is what we call a Hall of Fame goal.
 Like the big goal of somebody want to be in the Hall of Fame, right?
 This is legacy.
 This is the big thing.
 So my first question for you is like, what is your Hall of Fame?
 What is it like?
 It's like the big goal.
 Like why are you doing all this stuff, right?
 Like, yeah, you're here to learn how to make money.
 You're here because you want to either you go to e-commerce or expert or whatever your
 thing is, but that's a that's a means to an like what is the end like?
 What is the thing you're trying to get to?
 Think about this.
 Like if you were at your funeral and someone's on stage reading your obituary, what would
 they say about you?
 Like, this is where your Hall of Fame goal is like, what is that thing?
 Like, where are you trying to get to?
 Okay.
 So my first question is I want you guys to kind of think through that.
 And we're not going to have time in this, in this, you know, 50 minute window to like
 go deep on that.
 But I want you to think about like, what is your Hall of Fame goal?
 I've been thinking a lot about this over the last three or four months just trying to
 think like, what does that look like?
 Like what do I want people to remember me for?
 And as I do that, there's a lot of different things.
 It's not just, oh, I want to be known for my business, right?
 There's a lot of things I want to be known for.
 I want to be known for who I was as the father, who I was as the husband, who I was as a spiritual
 leader, who I was as an entrepreneur, who I was as an author, like, who I was as an athlete,
 like I've always fasted to my life.
 That I hopefully someday am my funeral when they're reading my obituary.
 They're talking about like, now he was a great father.
 He loved his kids.
 He showed up for the wrestling practices.
 He went to all their matches.
 He didn't miss any games, right?
 Oh, and he like served as entrepreneurs in like, and he did, and like the all different
 parts of our life.
 So I think about Hall of Fame.
 I think about this is like a very holistic, like here's the pie of you.
 If you're splitting this up and all the pieces, like what are all the things like that someday
 you want to figure out, right?
 You want to be like, this is my legacy.
 This is my Hall of Fame.
 Okay.
 That's where it all begins because that's going to start driving the direction of where
 we're going.
 Sometimes when we like sit back and this is the Hall of Fame, this is where I want to
 go.
 But then the other goals are going this direction.
 There's a mismatch, right?
 When they're not going the same direction, what happens?
 You stress out you have an anxiety because you're not moving towards your goal.
 We're entrepreneurs.
 We're momentum based creatures, right?
 If we're in momentum towards something, then we get stressed out.
 We get depressed.
 We get anxiety.
 All the things are happening.
 Okay.
 And so a lot of times we don't know what we're aiming.
 We're going to be able to do this and eventually you find yourself in stress, anxiety, depression,
 all these things because we're not in momentum towards the thing we really want in life.
 And the reason why most people don't actually define that.
 So what is your Hall of Fame goal?
 Is the first thing why you're just thinking through.
 Okay.
 Think about throughout this event, throughout this weekend, like what are those things like,
 what are all the pieces of this pie that you're trying to figure out for yourself?
 Okay.
 Now after five years of your football coach, I said, there's a Hall of Fame, you figured
 it out.
 Now let's come back and talk about your Super Bowl goal.
 Okay.
 Your Super Bowl goal.
 Again, if you're playing football, your goal is to win the Super Bowl, right?
 That's the next 12 months we're in the season.
 Our goal is to start.
 And by the time this done, we want to win the Super Bowl.
 So my question for you is like, what is your Super Bowl goal?
 Okay.
 Now I'm assuming if you're in my world and you're here right now, your Super Bowl goal
 probably, at least hopefully, is to win a two-comic level award, right?
 I'd be like, this is, this is for a lot of you guys.
 This is a Super Bowl goal.
 Like next 12 months, I want to get on stage, come up there, get a two-comic level award
 for us.
 So I'm going to get a Super Bowl goal, right?
 That's where I'm trying to get to.
 Okay?
 And if that goal leads you to culture to our Hall of Fame goal, that's awesome.
 If it doesn't, like what is your goal?
 Maybe it's different.
 Maybe it's not a two-comic level award.
 Maybe it's like, I just need to make extra 500 bucks a week because, or excuse me, 500
 bucks a month because that'll cover my bills.
 And like, that's my Super Bowl goal for this year.
 That's what I really need to get myself freedom that I'm looking for, right?
 So everyone's goal is going to be different.
 But you gotta figure out what's the Super Bowl goal?
 Next 12 months, like what is it you're trying to accomplish that you want to do?
 Okay.
 Sorry, my handwriting is horrible.
 Now a couple of things about this.
 As you're doing your Super Bowl goal, getting your Hall of Fame goal, there's a lot of areas
 of your life, right?
 But as you're going for like a Super Bowl goal, I want you to understand that typically
 if you are going for something big and something great, you can't do it by being in balance.
 Okay?
 People ask, "How do you live such a balanced life?"
 I look at him and I smile and I laugh a little bit.
 I said, "You have to understand, like, I do not live a balanced life."
 Okay?
 Everything good in my life.
 Everything amazing has come from times of radical imbalance.
 Okay?
 And I notice this against what most people teach and talk about is that, "We have to
 have a balanced life.
 Make sure everything's working."
 But nothing good in my life came during times of a balanced life.
 Okay?
 And I notice this is kind of weird, but I want to explain it.
 So think about when I was growing up, the first time I really had success in something
 was wrestling, right?
 And when I got into wrestling, I became obsessed with it.
 Eventually, I became a state champ.
 I took second place in the nation.
 I was an all-American.
 I wrestled in college.
 But if you look at my life during that time, right, there's always things.
 I had my family and my girlfriends and my personal life, my all-the-things, schoolwork,
 all those kind of things, right?
 Like, I was not balanced.
 Okay?
 For me, it'd be super successful wrestling.
 I'd become radically imbalanced for a season time to become good at that thing, right?
 I put my time, my energy, my effort, my thought, my everything was in this goal because I
 wanted it so badly.
 And I focused on it, I focused on it, I focused on it.
 Eventually, I hit these goals and I had success.
 Came to my wife, Klette.
 I was like, "Oh my gosh, he's beautiful.
 I really like her."
 If I would have had a balanced life then I would have spent a little time with her and
 then time at school and I would have had all these things and nothing great would have
 ever come from it.
 It's because when I found her and I was like, "Oh my gosh, this is the woman I want to
 marry on a beautiful dress in my life."
 My time, I radically got imbalanced focused on her because I had to build a foundation
 with her, right?
 Because I was radically unbalanced, I spent time with her.
 That's how we built the foundation of our love, of our marriage and all those things
 became because of the time of radical imbalance.
 Same thing happened when I launched my company.
 When we launched ClickFunnels.
 If you saw the beginnings of ClickFunnels, it was me and Todd working 10, 12, 14, 18
 hour days for a season of eight, 12 months, radically imbalanced to get this thing off
 of the ground.
 If we had lived a balanced life through that time, it would have taken seven or eight
 years to get the point where we got to during that window of time, right?
 We had to go radically imbalanced for a season to be able to create something successful.
 I'm a big believer in that.
 If I'm coming in here, I'm like, "I'm going to try to become radically balanced on all
 these different things here.
 It's going to be very, very difficult for you to hit your goals because you can't do
 like the level of six thing you need you to be successful.
 You can't do that in two or three or four or five things at once.
 As much as you want to be, right?
 Like I want this hall of fame.
 I want all these big things.
 But right now, what season are you in?
 Okay?
 There's a scripture I was going to share.
 And there's also a song.
 The birds wrote this into a song, but it came from the scriptures.
 Ecclesiastes 3 verse 1 through 8 says, "There's a time for everything and a season for every
 activity under heaven.
 There's a time to be born and a time to die, a time to plant and a time to uproot, a time
 to kill and a time to hill, a time to tear down and a time to build, a time to weep,
 and a time to laugh, a time to mourn and a time to dance, a time to scatter stones and
 a time to gather them, a time to embrace and a time to refrain from embracing, a time to
 search and a time to give up, a time to keep and a time to throw away, a time to tear and
 a time to mend, a time to be silent and a time to speak, a time to love, a time to hate
 and a time for war and a time for peace."
 Okay?
 So my question for you is what time in your life are you?
 Okay?
 If you were realistic, this is my time.
 This is my time.
 I've got to figure this out.
 If you're going to be successful here, I feel like for a season, you've got to become
 kind of insane.
 You become a little bit radically imbalanced.
 I don't mean leave your family and your kids and all these kind of things, your church.
 Like, no, you need to be doing those things and maintaining them, but man, there's going
 to be a window time where you've got to put extra time into this.
 You have to become radically imbalanced.
 You have to be waking up a little bit earlier, staying up a little bit late.
 Okay?
 I was up until one o'clock last night working on this for you guys, and I got to say at
 five o'clock this morning.
 So I came radically imbalanced for me to be able to perform and be able to help you guys
 at this point.
 I couldn't have done it, but I'm like, "Well, I'm working on the five, and I'm going home."
 Wouldn't have happened.
 Okay?
 So we had to do a lot of work, I had to get radically imbalanced to create something amazing
 for you guys.
 So for you, if you're like, "This is my goal.
 I want to win a two-comical board.
 I want to, whatever your goal is, the thing, you ask, okay, there's a season of my time
 and we become a little bit radically imbalanced.
 It's going to be hard.
 It's going to be painful.
 I'm going to be tired.
 If it's not forever, but there's a season where I got to figure this stuff out and I
 got to put the time and the energy and effort in.
 Okay?
 So that's the next step.
 Setting the Super Bowl goal and realizing there's going to be this time, like you're in
 a time and a season if you really want to achieve that.
 Like if you're going for the Super Bowl, man, if the team's like, "We're going for Super
 Bowl."
 It's like, "Hey, if we're going to do this, like we got to be committed, right?
 We're going to be working out.
 We're going to be working late.
 We're going to early.
 We're going to be working hard.
 We're going to be eating differently.
 We're going to be exercising differently.
 If we really want to hit this goal, we have to do things differently for a season, right?
 Then we're going to win the Super Bowl.
 We can relax and like, "Oh, and then we can go back to balance."
 But if we really want to be successful in that season, we've got to understand that this
 is how success happens.
 Okay?
 All right.
 Then it's like, "We have the Super Bowl.
 We know we're going, now I need a guide.
 Now I need a plan."
 Okay?
 And here, I'll talk about this more in a minute, but typically from here is where you go and
 you find the guide.
 Who is the guide who has the plan?
 Okay?
 If I was, again, I don't fall off football, I know the Super Bowl is coming up right now.
 But if I was, whatever team is about to win this thing or trying to win this thing, like
 they set the goal, the next thing is they got to get a guide or a coach or somebody
 who's got a game plan.
 Here's the plan.
 Here's what we're doing.
 Okay?
 Napoleon Hill talked about this in pretty much every one of his courses.
 I've had a chance to go through a lot of employee hill stuff recently.
 We talked about when you set a goal, right?
 He says you got to pick a goal and then you pursue it with definiteness of purpose.
 Definite of purpose.
 Not just like, "Oh, I'm going to try to get that thing."
 And no, no, no.
 If you're going to pursue this goal, Super Bowl goal, whatever that thing is for you,
 you got to pursue it with definiteness of purpose.
 That means I know exactly what it is.
 I'm moving forward with purpose, right?
 So if you've got to move forward, definite of this purpose and you have to have a definite
 plan.
 So it's not like, "I'm going to win two comic book award."
 And then you start going like, "Ugh."
 It's like, "No, no, no.
 Definite of the purpose."
 So I have purpose on exactly where I'm going.
 This is the direction, the target I'm going for.
 I'm going to be radically balanced for season time and I've got a definite plan to get
 me there.
 So what is your plan?
 What is the step-by-step process?
 Okay?
 Well, if this is your first road, if it's your first time you've never won two comic book
 award, I don't care how smart you are, you probably don't have the right plan.
 So the next goal is to figure out like, "Well, who has the plan?
 Who is my guide?
 Why Yoda is going to take me on this journey and help me to have success."
 Okay?
 Now obviously over the next 48 hours or so, Alex and I are going to be your guide.
 We're going to be your Yoda's, giving you guys the step-by-step blueprint.
 Here's the map to get you guys to the two comic book award through the physical products
 or info products, right?
 And we're going to be giving you guys and being your guide.
 The next step is to figure out what's the guide?
 Like what is the step-by-step process?
 First, I got to do this, then I got to do this, then I got to do this.
 Right?
 Football is like, "Hey, we got to win this amount of games, then we got to win our conference,
 then we got to win this, and then boom, there's the process and the path."
 Right?
 So it's very similar, like we got to find a product.
 Now we got a product, how do we sell the product?
 What's the funnel?
 How do we drive traffic?
 If there's a very systematic step-by-step process that deviate doesn't change, it's
 not weird, it's like it just works, right?
 That's why Alex and I are both so comfortable teaching this stuff, is because the guide,
 like the path is figured out, right?
 You guys have just to figure out what's your product, what's your service, plug it into
 the path, and then you get successful, right?
 And so that's the next step is who is the guide?
 Sorry, there's so many cool things.
 I'm trying to go from your case.
 So the guide, now this comes back to you guys have heard me talk a lot about this.
 And expert seekers have talked about it at other places, but when you have the guide,
 the best place to explain this is in the Heroes 2 journeys.
 I'm actually going to talk about Heroes 2 journeys later on today.
 But if you look at story structure, there's always every story throughout time and everywhere.
 There's always a hero, right?
 And the hero goes and the hero gets called to an adventure, right?
 And think about any movie we ever seen.
 Think about cars, think about Rocky Balboa, think about Lord of the Rings, think about
 and pick any movie of all time from the beginning of time till now.
 It usually starts with the hero and the hero decides, I want to achieve this thing and they're
 over here.
 There's this big mountain they want to climb and they want to achieve something, right?
 Okay, but the hero always starts in an ordinary world and they hear this calling.
 I need to go like like Frodo, you got to take the ring to Mordor, right?
 Or Lightning McQueen, you got to go and you were going to go win the Piston Cup.
 They have something and they have to leave their ordinary world and go on this journey,
 right?
 As soon as they leave their ordinary world, the first thing that always happens is they
 meet a guide, right?
 So the guide is someone who's been there before, done there, who's already been to the mountain
 back and now the guide is going to be taking them on this journey, okay?
 So every movie's got it.
 Think about the best example of Star Wars, right?
 It looks Skywalker, leaves the ordinary world, starts going out there and then boom, who
 does he introduce to?
 Yoda, Yoda has the force, understands the force, teaches him, takes him on this journey, helps
 him figure out who he is and eventually he goes and he achieves the thing he's trying
 to do, okay?
 So that's the key is in this journey of every story of all time from the beginning of time
 until now there's always, the hero leaves the ordinary world, finds the guide and takes
 my path.
 So the next thing you have to know, who your goal is the second, the next question is,
 who is my guide?
 Who is the person?
 And again, I propose that Alex and I will be your guides next day in half and hopefully
 long term.
 Hopefully you guys decide to follow us into the coaching programs and things like that.
 We continue to be your guide next 12 months as you guys are training and preparing for
 your Super Bowl goal, okay?
 Okay.
 All right.
 Ah, there's some cool things.
 And from here, there's one last step after you've got like the plot, the process and the
 path, then the last thing here is figuring out your, your routines and habits.
 Okay.
 For me to get this goal, it's, it's funny because everyone wants the big goal.
 I think I want to win the Super Bowl.
 They want to win a two-comic level award, but it all breaks down to that.
 You know, okay, there's the goal.
 Here's the path I need to go.
 Then it's breaking things down to like, okay, what are the habits and routines I have to
 have to be successful?
 If I'm be successful, I had to figure out my habits and routines.
 For me, this is literally opening up Google Calendar and saying, okay, for me to do this,
 I'm going to wake up every morning, an hour earlier.
 So I'm going to get up at six o'clock or seven o'clock and then I'm going to take out two
 hours at night and I'm blocking out the time and sending the routines.
 This is when I do this, this is when I do this, right?
 If my goal was to go in bodybuilding competition, I would sit back, I'd get my Google Calendar
 out and say, okay, I'm going to lift right here.
 I'm going to lift right here.
 I'm going to run right here.
 My physical, my cardio, like I would map out all my calendar, whenever things are going
 to happen, I plug it in and I would stick to those routines like clockwork.
 I wouldn't deviate from them, right?
 You create those routines just like football players, like they got practice, or in the
 morning practicing, I weights, they got cardio, they got their drills, like they build out
 habits and routines.
 They happen habitually.
 That's why it's called a habit.
 It happens habitually every single day.
 They do this thing and they do this thing and they do this thing and they do this thing.
 Okay.
 Same thing for you.
 It's like, I know the goal.
 I've got the path.
 Now I've got to build out the routines that force me to stay on this path, right?
 They're going to keep me moving forward to this place I need to go.
 So what are the habits and routines you got to create in your life?
 Okay.
 For a lot of you guys, it's going to be waking up a little bit earlier or staying a little
 later or taking your lunch break and not actually eating lunch, but working.
 Okay.
 It's amazing.
 Allison, an hour talk about this yesterday, like most people think an hour long lunch
 breaks.
 Like do you realize that as you're typing, you can eat at the same time and keep typing
 and then put it down and you don't actually need an hour break.
 Okay.
 Take that hour and do the, like while you're eating and do the thing, like whatever it
 is, like weaving these things into your schedule.
 This is where you're going to get radically in balance.
 But normally you'd be watching TV or normally be sleeping in or when we do something, it's
 like, yeah, I'm going to get radically in balance for a season.
 Okay.
 I'll be able to sleep in again after I hit my two common comical board, after I hit my
 goal, whatever that thing is, but first season would be in balance, right?
 And come in and be able to plug in those habits for your teens.
 And I wish I could go for hours on this because this is fascinating, but that's the next
 piece of habits, routines.
 Okay.
 All right.
 So that's the first step here is really figuring out what is success for you.
 What's your Hall of Fame goal?
 What's your Super Bowl goal?
 Who's your guide that's got the plan?
 What is that plan?
 Look at here's step one, two.
 So you know exactly where you're going and then building out the habits, routines to
 keep you on that path to get you there.
 All right.
 So that was just part one.
 Next week we'll release part number two.
 Before you go, I'm actually setting up a Secrets of Success funnel hub and newsletter
 and a whole bunch of cool things.
 And so I have a new Instagram account, just focus on success.
 And so if you want to start following this stuff, soon I'm going to have a podcast and
 a bunch of other things related to this.
 This is a whole new business and brand and everything I'm doing.
 So if you want to follow my journey, first step, go to Instagram and search for the phrase
 one word, Secrets of Success and there's in fact instagram.com/secretsofsuccess, you've
 got to find it.
 That's all one word.
 And in there I'm sharing pictures and videos with the books I'm collecting, which is fun.
 So that's number one.
 And then so check that out.
 And then I guess that if you also go to secretsofsuccess.com, depending when you get this, maybe the funnel
 hub is done.
 It's kind of partially done right now, but we're starting a daily newsletter, much other
 cool things there.
 So anyway, again, if you enjoyed this episode, take a screenshot of your phone, post it on
 social, tag me in it, and let me know your biggest takeaway.
 And anything that you found in your life helps you to have more success.
 Thanks so much.
 And I'll see you guys on the next episode.
 (gentle music)
