 (dramatic music)
 - You're listening to Marketing Secrets
 with your host, Russell Brunson.
 - What's up everyone?
 This is Russell again, welcome back to part number three
 of my Secrets of Success VIP Training.
 I hope you've had a chance to listen to episode one and two.
 If not, I pause this and listen to those
 that way you have the full context of where I'm going,
 what I'm talking about.
 If you just listened to one randomly,
 it might be kind of confusing.
 So if you haven't yet, go back two episodes,
 listen to episode one, then episode number two,
 that way you know it's happening.
 And then in this episode, I'm gonna talk about
 the six keys to building your faith,
 which is key because as you are in your own hero's journey,
 there are tons of little mini trials
 that are gonna test your courage and your faith,
 and this is how you can stay strong to your calling.
 So that said, I hope you enjoyed this third and final episode
 of the Secrets of Success VIP Training.
 (upbeat music)
 And so the framework I wanna teach you guys,
 this is something that I learned from Tony Robbins
 is probably of all the things I learned from Tony,
 the things have the biggest impact on my life.
 And it's so simple, but we understand it is so powerful.
 And I'm sure some of you guys have heard him,
 if you've followed him at all, heard and teach about this,
 but I'm gonna talk about it,
 and maybe it'll be a little different way,
 and maybe it'll give you a different insight.
 So the concept that Tony teaches is called the six human needs.
 Okay?
 And if you look at this, there are four needs of the body,
 what he calls it the personality, right?
 And then there's two needs over here of the spirit.
 Okay.
 So I'm gonna talk about the two needs of the spirit first.
 So the two needs of the spirit,
 the first one is growth.
 And second one is contribution.
 Okay, now these are important for a couple reasons.
 So growth and contribution.
 Let me let me sit back.
 So I'll talk about these needs here,
 the body needs first,
 but these needs get met by everybody, right?
 Everyone will get these needs met in one way or another.
 The positive or negative?
 Usually most people, it's a negative hypnotic rhythm,
 they can be positive as well,
 but everyone's gonna get these needs met.
 Most people don't get their needs over here,
 that needs the spirit met, right?
 'Cause you have to have these needs met
 before you can move over to these ones.
 So growth and contribution are the needs of the spirit.
 Now it's interesting if you go back,
 and you guys look at your,
 your Hall of Fame goal and your Super Bowl goal,
 my guess I bet with 99.9% accuracy
 is whenever you set it your goal,
 these are goals of either growth for you
 or of contribution for you, right?
 I wanted to win two comic-up award.
 That is first off is a whole bunch of growth
 you're gonna have to learn to get there,
 but then by the nature of the business,
 you're helping other people, it's also contribution.
 Okay, Hall of Fame goal,
 if you wanna be able to like,
 at your funeral people read in your eulogy
 and have all these different things,
 like start looking at those things,
 all the things you want people to talk about you
 are either based on growth or contribution, right?
 Like, man, he did this for his family, he did this,
 he was like, like growth and contribution
 are the things that we're driving towards.
 But most people actually never get there
 because they get stuck here in the needs of the body.
 This is the habits, this is the hypnotic rhythm
 that we get caught into.
 So I'm gonna explain how this works
 'cause if you can get these things figured out
 in a spot where they're working,
 then you can transition to growth and contribution.
 Okay, a lot of you guys have set goals in the past
 but you wanted to grow, you wanted to contribute,
 but you weren't able to hit those goals,
 it's 'cause you didn't know how to control your body
 and your personality.
 This kept you in a rut,
 it kept you from actually achieving your goals.
 So we've gotta figure this piece out first
 and get this under control after that's in control,
 then we can transition over here.
 It's similar to, you guys remember in high school,
 learning about Maslow's hierarchy of needs.
 I don't know how it works perfectly, but conceptually,
 here's Maslow's hierarchy of needs, right?
 Down here it's like, the lowest need is like,
 oh, you need to have water and food and sleep, right?
 And then the next here is like,
 after you figure out how to have water, food and sleep,
 then you move up the next here,
 but next thing is now you need,
 I don't know what it is, like warmth and shelter, right?
 And after you've warped the shelter,
 then move up like, oh, now I actually need love
 and I need to talk to someone
 and then there's the next thing
 in some of these different tiers, right?
 And what's interesting is that,
 it moves this direction, so until you have water, food
 and like ability to sleep,
 you can't move the next tier of Maslow's hierarchy of needs,
 right?
 And then after you have all these needs are met,
 then it's like, oh, now you're able to move the next tier.
 When these are met, you're able to move the next tier.
 But what's interesting is like, up here,
 let's say you're on this tier where you're focusing
 on getting love and connection
 and all these kind of amazing things,
 but all of a sudden like the water supply dries up
 and you're sitting, there's nothing to drink,
 you instantly drop back down 'cause all,
 like you have to have this need met
 or else you can't even think about anything above it, right?
 That's how Maslow's hierarchy needs me.
 It's really fascinating because throughout your life
 like you get these needs met and then you move up
 and you move up and eventually hopefully you get
 to the top of the ladder.
 But if one of these things down lower disappears,
 like you shoot back down and you,
 like you're stuck in this rut until that thing gets fixed
 before you can move back up, okay?
 The same thing is true here with the six human needs, right?
 We have to get these things met first
 before we can transition over here.
 So just 'cause you set a goal of like,
 I don't need to combo up my own workings,
 but this isn't, it's all messed up and not working right?
 You'll never be able to get to that goal because,
 your time, your energy, your attention,
 all gets bumped back to these needs.
 These needs have to be met first
 before you can transition to the goals of the spirit.
 That's why it's so important to master these, okay?
 These are all tied back to this right here.
 The habits that you're in, right?
 This hypnotic, what Napoleon will call it,
 hypnotic rhythm, like this is the key, right?
 It's how we get you out of the bad ruts
 and into the good ruts, okay?
 All right, so what are these?
 The six human needs.
 How many guys are Tony students?
 You already know these are ahead of time?
 How many guys are like, I have no idea
 what else I was talking about?
 Say about 50/50, cool.
 Okay, so the six human needs, and these are fascinating.
 So the first human need is the need
 that we all have for certainty, okay?
 So we need to be certain about things.
 Like I know that I wake up in the morning,
 I'm gonna have a bed, there's gonna be something there.
 Like I know that when I get in my car,
 that's gonna start.
 I know that I have a job, I know that like,
 we have certainty, right?
 We need certainty in our life.
 Okay, the second human need is called variety,
 or sorry, my handwriting is so bad,
 variety or uncertainty, okay?
 And so this is like we need excitement,
 we need like new things happening,
 we wanna feel passionate and excitement,
 like that's the other one, right?
 Now, what's fascinating about these two needs,
 certainty and uncertainty, they are opposites.
 Okay, they're fighting it, so like,
 we wanna be absolutely certain all the time,
 but if you're absolutely certain
 about every single thing that's gonna happen,
 you know exactly what you're gonna eat when you're gonna eat
 and how it's gonna work, what happens to us?
 We get bored out of our mind.
 So while we need certainty, it drives us nuts,
 so we need variety, we need excitement,
 we need uncertainty, so we need both these things
 and then they fight back and forth.
 But both those needs have to happen,
 or else we go crazy, okay?
 So that's the first need, certainty and uncertainty.
 The next one is we wanna feel significant.
 These are what significance feels like,
 they stand here like right now I feel significant,
 there's 500 of you guys here listening,
 like I'm not gonna lie, I feel significant,
 I feel really good right now, okay?
 There's people who paid to be here listening to me,
 we have 20,000 people registered for this event,
 like I feel tons of significance, right?
 So if it's about like, I feel good about myself,
 like, oh, this is awesome, okay?
 And then the last human need is love and connection.
 I'll draw a heart, that's what it is, right?
 So love and connection, funny enough,
 is actually the opposite of significance, okay?
 Stifficants, look how great I am,
 love and connection is look how great you are, I love you,
 right?
 But we need both those things, okay?
 So we need significance,
 and we need love and connection.
 Okay, this is what gets fascinating.
 Anytime something in our life happens,
 that meets at least three of these four needs,
 it creates an addiction, like a physical addiction,
 it puts us into hypnotic rhythm
 where we're in these tracks.
 And this can be very positive or it can be very negative.
 Okay, so think about this, for the very first time,
 like the very first time you met your significant other,
 right?
 You found her, like for me it was my wife, Kled,
 I'm like, oh my gosh, she's beautiful, right?
 I'm nervous and awkward, I go in an ask on a date,
 and guess what?
 She says yes, what's happened?
 Boom, significance, like, she said yes to me,
 she thinks I'm awesome, like, okay, we're going on a date,
 right?
 So we're going to date, take her out to eat somewhere,
 we go, our first day was ice skating, right?
 So we're in ice skating, so we're getting, like, variety,
 and uncertain we're ice skating, like, we're going out,
 having fun, we did it, we're asking new questions,
 and like, she's asking me questions about myself,
 and like, you know, I feel very significant,
 we're having uncertainty because this is new relationships,
 so much fun, and then guess what?
 That night I'd give her a hug or a kiss,
 and I'd get love and connection, boom, boom, boom,
 three of my four needs are met, and what's it do?
 It creates a physical addiction inside of our body,
 like, oh, more of that, that was amazing, right?
 And so we go on a second date, and a third date,
 and a fourth date, and what happens,
 one of the things is gonna happen, okay?
 After dating a little while, either she's gonna stop feeling,
 like, you know, if the relationship breaks up,
 it's because these needs are long getting met, right?
 Like, she doesn't like that much,
 I don't feel significant, we're not hugging and kissing,
 we're getting bored, like, whatever the thing happens,
 and if the needs go from three needs down to two needs
 down to one need, that's when we start,
 but that's when we break up, right?
 'Cause my needs are no longer being met by her, right?
 So now we gotta find and get those needs met
 by somebody else or some other way, okay?
 Or the needs to continue to met over time, right?
 And the longer I clap and I can't date,
 we love each other more and more,
 and these needs are getting met, it's like amazing,
 I was like, man, imagine if we got married,
 then we have absolute certainty,
 I wake up from morning, you're gonna be there,
 it's gonna be so cool, and my wife's gonna be awesome,
 and so in a pursuit for me to get all my needs met
 by my amazing wife, we get married,
 and for a while, all of our needs are met,
 but then guess what happens,
 to almost every single marriage, okay?
 Now you got absolute certainty,
 you got significant, you got love and connection,
 but then you're like, oh, we stop going on dates, right?
 People stop going on dates, and they also lose the variety,
 right?
 And then after a while, you're sitting together,
 you've heard all of your stories,
 they've heard all of your things, then they stop thinking,
 you're as cool as you were, because like, yeah,
 I've heard that story 12 times, don't tell them to me again,
 right, and maybe you lose significance,
 or maybe you lose love and connection,
 and all of a sudden, you're in this marriage,
 now you only got one of your needs met, or maybe two, right?
 And also you lose this thing, and it falls apart, right?
 And then what happens to some people, right?
 They get, they meet somebody new, right?
 And that person gives them variety,
 gives them significance, the little connection,
 that's when divorce happens, marriage is breaking,
 things like that, okay?
 So if something happens in all of our lives, right?
 Is that we are trying to figure out,
 get these needs met, and these needs in our life
 have to meet, if we don't get met in one way or the other,
 then we look for them in other ways, right?
 So in the marriage, if you're in your marriage,
 if you're not getting the needs met,
 then guess what happens?
 You start looking for getting these met in other ways.
 Sometimes people get needs met by going to work
 and become a workaholic, sometimes they do it
 by watching sports, sometimes they do it by other ways,
 sometimes they do it by eating,
 but everyone's gonna get these needs met,
 and until you're needs met, you can't move over here, okay?
 Now we get our needs met, you need it positive
 or negative ways, okay?
 And just as a side note, it's interesting,
 like if you want an amazing marriage,
 if you just focus on like Tony Robbins said,
 they say there's never been a marriage in the history of time
 where all four of the partners' needs are being met
 and then they left, it doesn't happen.
 So if your needs are being met inside the marriage,
 you're gonna stay forever.
 So if you know this, when I became conscious of this,
 like I told people before,
 "Tony Robbins saved my marriage, seven years in,
 "we were struggling with all sorts of stuff,
 "and all of a sudden I get aware of this,"
 I'm like, "Oh my gosh, am I making my life feel significant?
 "Probably not, right?
 "Like even a variety, probably not.
 "Like that, maybe this is where I was struggling."
 And I'd be conscious, I'm okay,
 I need to figure out how to make my life feel significant.
 How do I give them more love and connection?
 How do I create more variety?
 If we had certainty, but man,
 everything else was falling apart.
 I started focusing on those things, boom, marriage,
 you got stronger, now we are here, almost 20 years.
 I think this year's our 20 year anniversary,
 which is crazy, right?
 Because we're able to become aware
 of these things and start doing it, okay?
 Now this happens on a very positive or negative, right?
 If you look at hypnotic rhythm, right?
 A happy marriage can be something very positive
 that you move forward in faith,
 different positives and this is a good thing, right?
 But what about drugs?
 Do drugs eat people's knees met?
 Yeah, for sure, right?
 I'm not into drugs, but man,
 I assume that they drugs you take whatever the drug is,
 you get the certainty of like the feeling every single time,
 right, plus you get the variety,
 what's gonna be new, how are you gonna experience, right?
 You feel significant, you get love and connection,
 people you're with, right?
 People who overeat a lot of times,
 overeats because they are getting the knees met, right?
 They absolutely certainly eat the food,
 they get the feeling of like, oh, I feel so good, right?
 They also get the variety of new foods,
 the new things they get to try, okay?
 If they eat with their friends,
 they get significance of like,
 or they love and connection,
 being with their friends, going out to eat all the time, right?
 And they also maybe get significance because it's like,
 man, I can talk about the food,
 I don't understand these things.
 And so food becomes this addiction,
 which can be positive and negative,
 but for a lot of people it becomes very negative
 and they get in this routine, this habit, right?
 And gets deeper and deeper and deeper
 because all their needs are being met through food
 or through drugs or through sports
 or through religion or whatever it is for you.
 We all have something that we're doing with that with, right?
 So the thing is becoming aware of that
 and start looking like, like,
 how am I getting my needs met right now?
 Okay?
 If you've got kids at home, right,
 if your kids are getting their needs met at home,
 they're not gonna be looking for things at other places.
 But if their needs aren't being met,
 that's gonna start looking for drugs or for sports
 or for other different places to get their needs met.
 We have to get our needs met.
 Human beings will give up everything,
 including their values, their beliefs,
 their everything to get their needs met, okay?
 If you understand that.
 So if your needs are not being met here,
 you're gonna not be able to move over here
 because you're gonna be looking for this over here,
 this over here, and you're gonna be trying
 to get these needs met in a million different ways,
 your mind's gonna be distracted
 and you never will be able to focus on this.
 Just like a mad love hierarchy of needs.
 If you have no water,
 you're not gonna be focusing on loving them, right?
 'Cause you need water to survive.
 Same here, you need these needs met or you can't survive.
 So the question comes to you is like,
 okay, how am I needs to be met right now?
 In my personal life, in my business,
 like in my needs being met, if they're not,
 man, you gotta start figuring those things out, right?
 Or they're being met,
 but they're being met in a very negative way,
 something I'm not happy with,
 something that's not making me the person I want,
 something that's not moving me towards my whole fame goal,
 right?
 My needs are getting met.
 But if I look at, here's what I'm trying to get to,
 my needs are taking me this direction,
 you never get that direction.
 You gotta come back and become very conscious of this,
 like, okay, what are the,
 like what are the things driving,
 what is this giving me certainty?
 And what's giving me variety?
 What's giving me significance,
 giving me level connection, okay?
 If you guys notice, when we started designing
 the ClickFunnels movement and funnel hacker movement,
 all these kind of things,
 I said, look, if I'm gonna get people to move with us
 and we're gonna change the life,
 I gotta create an addiction within our community, right?
 So we're gonna get people certainty, right?
 You could have business, you get traffic coming,
 you get certainty, like money's coming in.
 When you give you variety,
 so we do events like it's fun things like this,
 we do trips with our mastermind groups,
 we do all sorts of things, we give variety connection.
 Funnel hacking live, like we do all these things
 create variety and uncertainty and excitement, okay?
 Significance, people come up stage,
 you get two comical boards, they get significance.
 Yeah, our top affiliates get significance.
 Then there's a community, there's funnel hackers,
 you love them connection, like I've tried
 strategically to build something
 that creates a positive addiction for you guys,
 so when you are in our community,
 when you are in our masterminds,
 you're in our coaching groups,
 like you have those positive addictions
 that are on the right side of faith,
 they're keeping you going deeper and deeper and deeper.
 Okay?
 And that's why a lot of you guys have been drawn to this,
 why a lot of you guys have stuck with us for so long, right?
 We're almost eight years into click funnels right now,
 and a lot of you guys have been here since year number one,
 because you came in and we created an addiction, okay?
 We tried to create a positive addiction.
 So obviously I started looking at your life,
 like what are the things right now
 that are keeping you from actually getting the goals you want,
 right?
 If you want to grow, you want to contribute,
 like these are the goals that you're shooting for,
 these Super Bowl goals, but man,
 if this isn't an order, you will never get to that.
 'Cause you're always be looking for a man,
 I'm not feeling level connection,
 I got to find somewhere else you're searching for,
 you're searching for, you're trying to figure that out.
 You can't think about growth when you have no love
 and connection, so where do I unplug any level connection?
 Okay, maybe it's a spouse, maybe it's not,
 maybe it's work, maybe it's your family, maybe it's church,
 maybe it's, but you need to get that need met,
 and you got to do it in a way it's positive, right?
 'Cause I can get my need met for love and connection
 through a marriage, I can get it met at church,
 I can get it met on the streets,
 I can get met in really bad places.
 How do you get that need met, okay?
 We need to get these needs met so we can focus,
 and then we can like, okay, now I'm good,
 and getting these needs met in a very positive way
 that's leading me towards my goal not away.
 Now I can focus on the needs of spirit,
 growth and contribution, and you'll start
 moving towards goals, and then what'll happen,
 I see it's all the time, it's not in our community.
 People are like, they got the goal, they're moving forward,
 they're having success, like everything's on track,
 and then something in their life happens
 where the certainty disappears, right?
 Spouses is the job, somebody gets sick,
 somebody like certainly disappears,
 and gets interrupted, right?
 And all of a sudden, you have to stop progress on this,
 right here to figure out how to get your certainty back
 so you can focus over here, right?
 It sucks, it's life though, it happens,
 but you gotta be aware of it when you're like,
 oh my gosh, like this horrible things happen,
 I lost certainty, I gotta figure I get certainty back,
 I can't continue to progress towards my goal.
 What was it, how did it work, what did I need
 to change in my life?
 But as soon as now we're aware of it,
 it's not like we're just an aspire, like I don't know
 what's happening, what else, I can't get motivated,
 I get depressed all the time, I can't move forward,
 like of course you can't, your needs aren't being met,
 that's why you're struggling, get these needs
 and that's when you get back to work, okay?
 Which one's lost, okay I'm not feeling significant,
 it's okay if you're not, how do we get that?
 Okay, we gotta figure that out, how do we craft,
 how do we create it, what's the thing we need to do
 to make you feel significant so you can get back to work?
 What's the thing you need to get level connections,
 you get back to work, okay?
 And a positive way, not a negative way,
 'cause you can get level connection,
 doing a whole bunch of really bad things.
 You can get significance, doing a whole bunch
 of really bad things, okay?
 You can get variety, you can get uncertainty
 and bad things that are not serving you, okay?
 What are the things you can do to get those things back?
 And so it's becoming aware of these things
 and understanding how it works, because until the needs
 of your body and your personality are met,
 you cannot move on to the needs of your spirit,
 and I think you guys, you're going growth, gas,
 foot on the pedal, you're going as fast as you can,
 but then your needs are gonna be met,
 (grunts)
 it's time on the break and you're spinning out,
 you're like, I don't know why this doesn't work,
 everyone else will work for it,
 they're all coming on stage, they have the same tools,
 the same books, the same training,
 like why am I not moving forward?
 Your foot's on the break and the gas.
 Get this here, take your foot off the gas,
 or take your foot off the break,
 and now we can start moving forward, okay?
 Most of this game, just so you guys are fully aware,
 is not the tactics and techniques,
 they're not difficult, okay?
 Getting a funnel is not that hard, okay?
 Finding a product is not the hardest,
 also we can walk you through all the tactics and techniques
 over the next day and a half,
 like they're not that difficult to figure out, okay?
 Most of the ultimate mindset game is all up here.
 You don't wanna believe that, right?
 'Cause I also have my head, like I'm mentally strong,
 I'm really lost, no, no, no, it is.
 Most of us 'cause of these things right here,
 these are things that are keeping you back, okay?
 And that's the thing why you're really understanding
 because if you could do that,
 take your foot off the break,
 you can move forward on the gas,
 and we can get things done faster, okay?
 Because at the end of our lives, when we die,
 and our funerals happening, I'm hoping,
 I'm hoping that God gives us the gift that is sitting there,
 our funeral, and see the people's lives we impacted.
 And hopefully if someone's reading our eulogy
 and you get to have this experience,
 they tell you, right?
 The things that we're gonna be talking about
 is the growth that you had as a human being
 and the contribution you made, like these are the things, okay?
 But if I can never get past this part of it,
 I never have a chance to really change people's lives.
 I never have a chance to hit the goals,
 to get the dreams, to accomplish the stuff I wanted to.
 We're all born with all these visions and dreams,
 what we wanna do, who we wanna become.
 But sometimes it's so caught up in this part of it,
 we never have a chance to get to the part where it gets good,
 where life gets exciting, where we can actually do,
 and do what we wanna do, change people's lives,
 we wanna serve people at a level that we've only dreamt of, okay?
 So it's mastery of these things,
 getting out of the negative hypnotic rhythm
 that you may be stuck in, becoming very aware of it,
 and like how do we now get the planks out of this rut,
 get you out of it, and start creating addictions
 that are positive that move you towards your goal
 as opposed to way for your goal,
 so that we can shift and transition to growth and a contribution.
 All right guys, that's it.
 How did you like the series?
 Hope you enjoyed all three parts
 of the Secrets of Success framework.
 Again, I know it's a lot, and I was talking really fast
 because I do that when I'm excited.
 And again, as you know, I'm working on this book right now,
 and there's so many cool things I wanna share,
 and it's the hardest thing is how do you take an encyclopedia
 and boil it down to a book?
 But these are some of the key principles
 that have the biggest impact on my life,
 and I wanna share those.
 There are a bunch of other really cool things
 I'm gonna be sharing in the book as well.
 But if you wanna follow me on this journey, again,
 if you go to Instagram and go to Instagram.com/secretsofsuccess,
 or if you just go to Instagram and search
 Secrets of Success, one word, it'll pop up.
 You should be my face on there,
 and meet with a whole bunch of old books.
 Go and follow that account,
 and I'm sharing books that I'm collecting
 from the Secrets, you know, old, rare,
 first edition books on personal development and success
 and things like that, which are cool.
 And then also if you wanna get on the new email newsletter,
 which is coming soon, all you gotta do
 is go to Secrets of Success.com.
 And again, if anything resonated with you here
 that we talked about in these three episodes,
 and you enjoy it, please take a screenshot on your phone,
 post on your socials,
 tell people to go listen to these episodes,
 share with your friends, your family members,
 anyone else, you think could benefit from it,
 and then in the comments, tag me so I see it,
 and then let me know what the number one
 Secrets of Success is, let me hear it,
 and maybe your case study will pop up in my book.
 Thanks again for everything and we'll talk to you all soon.
 ♪ ♪
