 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody?
 Okay, so this is part two of my secrets of success framework from
 a closed-door presentation I did about a year ago.
 It's the second part of my framework that I'm building out to my new book,
 which I'm so excited to share with you guys soon.
 I want to share the ideas with you here.
 And I'm curious to like which one of these things resonate or hate you personally.
 I'm paying a lot of attention to what your comments are as you're posting things
 socially, you're responding to these things.
 Because it's helped me as I'm developing the content for this book.
 If you haven't listened to the first episode, which was the last episode here in the podcast,
 go back and listen to that one first.
 Cuz these are all part of the same presentation.
 That way you have the context of the next thing I'm gonna be talking about.
 But with that said, let's jump into episode number two.
 And once again, as you listen, if you enjoy it, again, I want your feedback.
 The best way is to take a screenshot on your phone.
 You just push the two buttons on the iPhone, takes a screenshot, and
 then go and post that on Instagram or Facebook or ever.
 Tag me in it and then let me know your thoughts and ideas or
 tweaks or changes, all kinds of stuff.
 I would appreciate it and it'll help me make this book the greatest success book
 in the history of all time.
 So that said, let's jump right into part two of my presentation on Secrets of Success.
 Now I wanna come back to here.
 So in the hero's journey, something fast and he happens.
 Every single story, book, movie, whatever it is,
 the hero is living in his ordinary world, right?
 And then they get this call to adventure, okay, we should go accomplish this thing.
 But what always happens in every single story,
 after the hero gets the call to adventure, gets it happens next.
 Okay, if you look at story structure, the second step in every single phase,
 the second step is the refusal of a call.
 I was called to go do this thing, I was called to change the world,
 I was called to credit my product, I was called to help surf people,
 I was called to do whatever.
 The second, the first thing that happens before they meet the guide is
 this thing called the refusal of the call, okay?
 Now if this hasn't happened to you, it's going to happen to you.
 In this journey, you're gonna be like, I'm gonna go do this thing
 and then your mind is gonna be like, no, no, no, no, that's gonna be hard,
 that's gonna be painful, that stresses me out.
 Do you know that your brain in the average human,
 20% of your calories are burned by your brain, right?
 Now for people like us who are thinking or entrepreneurs who are creating or doing stuff,
 like my guess is that's a lot higher, I guess probably 30, 40% of your calories
 are being burned by your brain, right?
 So your brain when you're like, endeavoring on this to activity,
 like, hey, I'm gonna go get this goal, this thing I want,
 and you're all excited consciously, then subconsciously,
 your mind's like, oh my gosh, I don't wanna do that,
 'cause they're gonna be radically in balance,
 I'm gonna wake up early, I'm gonna have to not sleep in,
 I'm gonna not be able to relax, watch TV, like, oh, I'm just freaking out,
 'cause it knows it's gonna have to work harder,
 so your brain is subconsciously trying to sabotage you,
 and so you're gonna go into this period where you're gonna have this refusal of the call,
 like, I don't wanna do it, I can't do it,
 and a million excuses will come, every excuse your brain can come up with,
 and I'm like, I'm not worthy, I'm not ready, I don't have enough money,
 I don't have the time, I don't have the energy,
 I don't, no, no, no, no, no, that's gonna be trying to bombard you,
 and keep you back from taking that step forward, okay, that's what our brain does,
 refusal of the call, no, no, no, I don't wanna do it, I'm freaking out, ah!
 Okay, and this brings me to number two, I'll do a new piece of paper.
 So number two now, this is where each of us comes out here,
 and in our lives, we always have two decisions, okay?
 First decision is to move forward in faith,
 and second one, just move forward in fear, okay?
 Our brains are gonna be like freaking out, fear,
 refusal of the call, we can't do 'cause of this and this and this and this and this and this and this.
 Okay, and if you read the book, "Outwitting the Devil by Napoleon Hill,"
 he talked about, the first time I heard about this,
 he didn't talk about it, he said that his belief is 90,
 I think he said 95% people will make all their decisions over here based on fear.
 There's the world, there's the people who aren't you guys sitting in this room, right?
 Everyone else who saw that, 20,000 people signed up,
 there's like 500 of you guys at VIPs, okay?
 The other 19,900 and whatever the math is, okay?
 When they saw, hey, upgrading out with Russell,
 and you're gonna go a little earlier and get more things, fear kept them from saying yes, right?
 Like, oh, listen to me, extra money, and then blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right?
 You guys acted in faith, which is awesome, okay?
 'Cause most of us, whatever default path you move on is kind of what you do most to your decisions in life.
 Most people default to fear, and they do it over, right?
 Every decision comes in, they default to fear, they default to fear,
 and they get into these ruts.
 In fact, the point he'll call these ruts, he'll call it hypnotic rhythm.
 He says that when you get into either faith or to fear over time,
 'cause you keep doing it over and over and over again,
 it's like a needle and record, right?
 He keeps going around and going around and going around,
 and those grooves get deeper and deeper and deeper to the point
 where it becomes what he calls hypnotic rhythm, hypnotic rhythm,
 or routines or habits, right?
 You habitually get better and better doing what you keep doing.
 So if you get acting out of fear over and over again,
 like you didn't keep doing that, right?
 So what happens is we hear the call, and everyone gets the call, okay?
 Everyone who's on this planet gets the call,
 and then the refusal of the call comes, and 95% or more go to fear,
 and they refuse the call, and they never go on the journey.
 They never try to cheat, they're looking for them, okay?
 You guys are different, you took it in faith, and you said, "I'm gonna do it."
 You act in faith, you show up today, you're here today,
 like you're moving forward in faith, right?
 And just keep doing that over and over again.
 This muscle, keeping it better and better,
 and you're getting hypnotic rhythm, a positive stuff, not negative stuff, okay?
 That's one of the keys.
 Okay, so again, Napoleon Hill talked about this,
 like when you have your thing, right?
 You've got to move forward with definiteness of purpose.
 So I know the goal, I know where I'm going,
 I got to move forward with definiteness of purpose,
 because I have to have faith in my decision, faith in my abilities,
 faith in that the way is gonna be light in front of me,
 faith that the guys know what they're doing,
 faith that I can actually do it, like you got to have faith
 in so many different steps, right?
 So you have to fit into purpose, like this is what I want,
 I got to move forward.
 Now if you read the law of success,
 he talks about definiteness of purpose,
 but the second he talks about is we've got to get good
 at saying yes, like doing the thing,
 like moving forward is doing it, having initiative.
 You know, what is initiative?
 If you think about that word,
 like he has the whole chapter in the law of success
 about initiative, like us taking initiative,
 initiative is not like somebody telling you
 to do something you go and do it, right?
 I have my kids, I love my kids, they're insanely cool,
 but they're teenagers, right?
 So for me, it's like I have to tell them to do everything,
 hey, take up your room, hey, help us at dishes, hey,
 we gotta go to school today, hey, did you do your homework today,
 right?
 That's the opposite initiative.
 Initiative is me saying, okay,
 I want to be successful,
 therefore I gotta wake up early, hey, I want to have this,
 therefore I gotta do this, therefore I,
 initiatives you doing the thing, doing the thing,
 doing the thing, doing the thing, right?
 So we figure out where we want to go,
 we had definite a purpose, like this is my goal,
 that's where I'm going, I'm going to be moving forward
 in faith, I'm moving down to a definite, it's a purpose,
 and I have to have initiative, okay?
 It can't be me hoping that someone's going to wake me up
 because they're not, nobody else cares
 about your goal, that's it for you.
 You've got to have the initiative,
 every single step over and over and over again.
 If I'm hiking live this year,
 Eileen Wilder spoke, and one of my favorite presentations
 from the entire event.
 And she's told a story about W. Clements stones.
 W. Clements stones actually business partners
 with Napoleon hill.
 They did a couple books together, and courses together,
 and W. Clements stones, he was a multi-millionaire.
 His companies worth hundreds of millions of dollars
 back in the early 1900s, and he had something he did
 talking about moving forward.
 He said that every single morning,
 before he would get off the elevator,
 he would say, do it now, a hundred times.
 Do it now, do it now, do it now.
 Do it now.
 Okay.
 Versus like, oh, I'm gonna do it later.
 Oh, manana, tomorrow I'll do it.
 Like, do it now, do it now.
 Right?
 This is initiative, this is making things happen.
 Okay?
 And he had everyone in his staff,
 and when his team say, do it now,
 a hundred times, before he got in the office
 every single day.
 And guess what?
 He became one of the richest men in the world.
 He could say, do it now, do it now, do it now, do it now.
 So for us, when we say, we decide, like,
 this is my goal, I'm moving forward,
 definite a purpose, I'm gonna choose faith.
 I'm gonna like, not be afraid, not,
 it's gonna be scary, not that things aren't gonna be scary.
 Okay, things are gonna be scary,
 and step along the way, I scared this morning,
 coming from you guys, right?
 But I said, look, I trust myself,
 I've been doing this long enough,
 I have faith that this is gonna be good,
 therefore I'm gonna step forward in faith and just do it.
 So we just do it now, do it now, do it now.
 For you, you gotta move forward,
 definite a purpose, like this where I'm going,
 I gotta plan, and I gotta have this initiative
 to get up and do it, and do it now, do it now, do it now,
 do it now, okay?
 And so it's that saying that over,
 we're gonna do it now, do it now,
 and the more you do that, the more you keep doing it,
 the more it starts building this hypnotic rhythm,
 these habits, these routines,
 where now it gets easier, and it gets easier, and it gets easier,
 because you keep doing it over and over and over again.
 Does that make sense?
 Okay, so that's the big part, it's hypnotic rhythm.
 All right, I guess feeling good so far about this?
 Okay, all right, I see your hands, I see your thumbs, cool.
 So this is the big part, and I'm curious for you guys,
 I want you to sit back in your own personal life
 and think about this for me, like,
 where do you typically default to?
 Do you move towards faith or towards fear?
 Okay?
 And I know all of us do different things
 in our parts in our life, but I would start thinking like,
 okay, I am now aware of this, right?
 Most of us do most of our life subconsciously,
 like the things happen and we just go.
 Now you're aware of this, like, something comes to you,
 and this can be any part of your life, okay?
 And I'm not gonna get political because
 I don't wanna go that direction,
 but to think about the country as a whole,
 moving in faith and fear of last year is like,
 what's happened?
 Like, who's moved forward in faith,
 who's moved forward in fear, what's happened,
 what's progress happening, what's progress happening, right?
 It's anything that's true for you, like,
 what is like everything that's coming into your life,
 like you've got two different options,
 like you need to move forward in faith
 or move forward in fear, right?
 And the masses, 95% plus the people move forward in fear,
 and that's why they're always stuck here.
 If you move forward in faith, that's just your having success.
 Now I'm not gonna go too deep into this,
 but in Outward and the Devil in the Pulling Hill talks about
 this, he's like, there's a lot of things that,
 even if you get and you start getting the habit
 of moving forward in faith, where your mind,
 whatever you wanna call it,
 is trying to get you to default,
 move back over to fear, right?
 Even if you're having success, you're making a lot of money.
 I've seen so many entrepreneurs are making a bunch of money,
 and then they get lazy, they get complacent,
 things start happening, and they start making decisions
 out of fear, right?
 Or different things start happening.
 So this is like, this is this constant pull,
 this is not just gonna go away,
 but the more you do it, the more these grooves get deeper
 and deeper and deeper, and you get deeper in this hypnotic,
 the more it gets easier to keep doing the things, okay?
 And so for you to start thinking about that,
 and I wanna encourage you over the next, you know,
 week, month of your life,
 it's decisions start coming to you,
 like, stop consciously and think, okay,
 there's two different choices here,
 like, I can have fear, or I can have faith,
 like, which one am I gonna have, right?
 And it doesn't mean you always have to say yes to everything,
 that's not, that's all I'm saying,
 but I'm saying like, what's key,
 like, are you making your decisions based on faith,
 or based on fear, right?
 If you're moving forward in faith,
 typically that's gonna be the right answer,
 you move forward in fear, man,
 it gets you in deep breaths, it's hard to be successful.
 So, all right, there's that.
 So now I wanna talk a little more about this piece,
 hypnotic rhythm, right?
 'Cause when we get into here,
 this is either gonna be something that's very, very positive
 for us or very negative for us, okay?
 If our hypnotic rhythm, the roots of our life get into here,
 and we're, especially some of you guys,
 maybe stuck right now, where you've been,
 you know, a lifetime of moving forward in fear,
 and you're stuck in these, in these,
 this, you know, these, these grooves,
 like, one of my goals is to help get out of these grooves.
 I think it was Dean Grosiosi was talking about this,
 it was really fascinating, he said that,
 if you look like a tractor out in the field,
 and the tractors in the field,
 and it's going around, right?
 And the tires start making these grooves,
 and the grooves get deeper and deeper and deeper,
 and eventually your tractor will get stuck,
 'cause like, you're so deep in these grooves,
 you can't get out, right?
 You can't get out of it.
 It says like, you can't just keep going to those grooves
 to try to get out of it,
 you just keep getting deeper and deeper and deeper.
 The only way to get, like, your tractor wheels
 out of these grooves is to have somebody else come over
 and like, set up planks over here,
 so you can like drive the tractor out of these grooves
 and get out of them, and get yourself over into
 a new, a new rhythm, right?
 And so my goal for this is to make you guys aware
 of these things, so you can say like,
 where am I at?
 And if you are stuck in these grooves,
 like I want to give you guys some tools
 to get out of this so you can move over
 to something that's positive
 and get this kind of hypnotic rhythm working for you, okay?
 All right, so what do you think about part number two?
 I hope you're enjoying this.
 In the next episode, I'm gonna wrap up
 kind of the last few strategies
 that are to help you to keep your goals
 and choose faith over fear on each step of your journey.
 But before you go, once again,
 I am creating a whole new business and brand
 around this concept of secrets of success.
 And so if you go to Instagram right now
 and search secrets of success,
 or just go Instagram.com/secretsofsuccess,
 you can follow that Instagram page there, it's a new page.
 There's only like a thousand followers on there,
 which is kind of exciting, but on that page,
 it's also exciting because I'm showing a bunch
 of the first edition books that I found in success,
 like my first edition of Books from Napoleon Hill
 and other things that are amazing.
 So anyway, go check that out.
 And you see a bunch of those books,
 and then at the same time,
 if you wanna join the new email newsletter,
 which is coming soon, to a funnel near you,
 go to secretsofsuccess.com.
 And again, if you enjoyed this episode,
 please take a screenshot,
 post it on socials and tag me in it
 and let me know the biggest secret to your success.
 I wanna hear it, and maybe it'll make it into the book.
 So thanks again so much.
 I appreciate you all, and I'll see you all soon.
 Bye.
 you
