 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 What's up everybody?
 This is Russell.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 It's been a little while since I feel like I've hung out with you.
 I know there's podcasts, those areas happening, but I was gone for the last almost three weeks
 on honestly a life changing trip and experience.
 And I'm back now and I'm on fire, I'm excited, a little jet lagged, but I have a 30 minute
 drive to an appointment I'm going to.
 And so I just want to hang out with my funnel hackers and talk and share some stuff that
 I kind of picked up along the way.
 So that's kind of a game plan.
 And yeah, so here's what's happening.
 Here, let me tell you about the trip.
 This was crazy.
 And you guys were actually part of this trip.
 You may not have even known it, but the first part of the trip is we were going to Kenya.
 And this is actually, it's something that you guys know, Stu McLaren and his wife, Amy,
 started a charity back in the day called World Teacher Aid.
 And I started helping sponsor them way back in the day.
 We used to do these, we call them prediction calls.
 We do a call and stupid to buy all the top marketers on these calls and they would like
 give their predictions for what's going to change over the next year.
 And so we do those every single year and then we raise money for their charity.
 So we did that for a long time and then eventually Stu wanted me to come to Kenya and actually
 experience it.
 So I remember back pre-click funnels.
 My wife and I went out there and experienced Kenya and we had a chance to see the kids
 and build schools with them.
 And then while we were there, we were going to Safari.
 And it was like, it was a huge, it was a big, like one of those like life changing experiences.
 You know, like you see the world one way and then you experience something and you see
 the world differently later.
 And after going that first time we had this, you know, my wife and I always talked about
 like someday we want to bring our kids here so they can experience this.
 They can meet these amazing kids.
 But also like, yeah, just to give them that life changing experience.
 You know, obviously they're growing up in America, in a family.
 It's got a lot of money and it's like, how do we show them?
 How do we show them what, you know, a lot of the world lives like so they can understand
 how blessed they really are, you know.
 So we always wanted to bring them back.
 And it's interesting though, because, you know, that was the first time we went.
 A couple years later, maybe a year or two later, no, it's a couple years later.
 Clut and I went again, second time.
 And then we started raising money through, through ClickFunnels.
 Remember when we launched ClickFunnels, we had that idea, like, what if we like, every
 time someone builds a funnel and it goes live, we donated dollars towards Village Impact.
 Because they changed the name from World Teacher Age Village Impact.
 So we started doing that.
 So the first funnel I can have, I remember, student 80 came on stage.
 We gave them a check for, I think it's like $18,000.
 We're like, this is crazy.
 Like it was so much money, right?
 And it was enough to pay for a whole classroom to build a classroom out there.
 And then the next year we did it again, it was like $30,000.
 And then 50 and every year we've done that.
 And now it's like every year it's over six years, what, what comes in because you guys
 are building so many funnels.
 And so it's been amazing.
 And we've gone three times.
 This is actually our fourth trip.
 And it's the first time we're going to bring our kids.
 And this trip was actually supposed to happen before COVID.
 And then obviously COVID happened.
 And so we got canceled and got delayed, delayed, delayed, like three or four years.
 And then this is the year we were going to go.
 And what's cool is before COVID, we're going to go and take our three oldest kids.
 And then not our two youngest.
 But this time we're like, our kids are a little like they're all pretty close to where we
 could take them.
 And so we decided to take them all.
 And so we had all five of our kids with us.
 And so that was the first, the first 10 days of our trip was going to Kenya.
 And it was so cool because we flew out there and well, let me tell you the not cool part
 to just to document our journey.
 You know, we had all of our bags packed in my wife.
 Ah, bless her.
 She's so much smarter than me.
 But I'm the honoree once.
 So she like had everyone pack in his backpacks, could carry his carry ons, but a huge backpacks.
 And I was like, I don't want to carry, I hate carrying carry ons, like checking bags, right?
 She's like, oh, this way if they get lost, you know, we'll get it back and all these
 things.
 And she even put like those little air tags and all of them.
 So we track where they're asked, we'll lose a bag.
 And the last minute at the airport, I kind of like kind of pressure dirty.
 And just like, let's just check them.
 No one wants to carry these huge bags all the way.
 So we ended up checking all the bags on.
 And guess what?
 You have to guess it, we had a flu from Boise to a camera to Seattle or something in Seattle
 to Germany and then Germany to Kenya.
 So yes, you're correct.
 All of our bags got stuck in Frank for Germany and did not make it to Kenya.
 So we showed up in Kenya.
 We've been traveling for like 40 hours.
 We're all stinky and nasty and we have no clothes, no toothbrushes, no nothing.
 And I was just like, I am dead because I'm the one that forced us to carry out or to check
 all of our bags on him.
 So I had to go ahead and her infinite wisdom and planned for us to not have to do that.
 But I blew it.
 And so yes, we ended up having no clothes since we got to Kenya, no clothes.
 And then we drive like three hours, these villages, we get there, we have no clothes,
 we slept overnight, no clothes next day, no clothes.
 It took them two days before we got our clothes there.
 My poor kids are not used to that.
 But it was anyway, I'm probably like, they went through it.
 They fought hard and we got our clothes.
 It was amazing.
 We celebrated.
 We had a big challenge of the trip.
 In that first day we were there, we were building school.
 So like my kids were hauling bricks and everything and like out in the like, super hot sun and
 we're pouring sweat and stinky and disgusting and all these things.
 But they did it and they didn't complain.
 I'm so proud of my kids.
 And anyway, my kids made a bunch of other teenagers there that were also on the trip,
 which was really cool.
 And then they got to be with the kids and play with the kids.
 And like, it was just, it was cool.
 I think for, it was cool for a klettini to, again, we, you know, we've been there three
 times we've experienced the first time it was fun.
 Because we experienced it for ourselves.
 And the second time we went back and we got to experience it through the eyes of other
 people, which was fun.
 And this time is going back and experiencing two eyes of our kids.
 And so it was so cool for us, for our kids to meet these kids and fall in love with them
 and play with them and then go to their homes and see what they live like and just understanding
 how blessed our kids really are.
 But then also seeing how these amazing kids, despite the fact they have almost nothing
 how happy they are and how, you know, a lot of times kids here in the States aren't.
 They're miserable.
 They're depressed.
 Things when these kids are just happy.
 And I think it was good for my kids to see that.
 So that was the first half of the experience, which was amazing.
 Then we went back to Nairobi and typically we spend a day in Nairobi and then we go and
 we go to the giraffe park and we do all these cool things.
 But we get to Nairobi and apparently they're in the middle of a civil war.
 And so there's this whole nationwide lockdown.
 You can't leave your hotels and kids are going to go to school.
 It's like the whole nation shut down while we were in Nairobi.
 It's crazy, because we're at a hotel.
 I try to like, you know, burn time and we're sitting there and also we see these huge army
 helicopters flying over the hotel and like, this is crazy.
 We're literally in a war zone right now.
 Like it was the weirdest, creepiest, eeriest feeling in the world.
 We've sat in a hotel for an entire day just hoping that the war or whatever didn't make
 it to us, which was crazy.
 And it was interesting because it's very similar to like the fights we're having right
 now where I guess there's like 40 something tribes of people in Kenya.
 There's two like dominant tribes and it's almost like Republican and Democrat.
 And I guess at the big elections and the person who lost the election there was telling everyone
 that the elections rigged and wasn't true.
 And so it's all his followers and the actual government who had won the election all fighting
 over this thing.
 And I'm like, this is crazy.
 This is like America just divided the same way.
 And it was anyway, just kind of an interesting thing.
 And then luckily the next morning we snuck out early and we jumped into a plane and we flew
 out to the Mossy Mara village to go jump with them aside warriors.
 And that was really fun.
 I think for our kids to experience that and we got to go going safari and see all the
 animals and all that kind of stuff.
 It was just fun.
 One thing that was I think the most hard for me is last time we were there experiencing
 all these amazing things.
 I was there with Dave Woodward and he was he'd come with us and we had a chance to experience
 it with him.
 And it was just like a I don't know it was such a special magical time with him and his
 wife when we were there last time this time.
 Obviously Dave's not there.
 We were there in the same spots, same areas, same people.
 And it was just like there are a lot of times where we missed him and just missed the experience
 with him last time.
 It's not I think one of the things that's hard but also like really cool just to know
 that the amazing times we had there with him last time.
 Anyway, so there's that.
 But it was really cool because you look at that whole trip.
 It was a chance for us to see the power of giving.
 Having a chance to be able to give money through those impact because the ClickFunnels community
 and other money we donate see the impact was happening.
 The schools being built like we just built an all-girls school which is amazing because
 during COVID there's a whole bunch of just you know when there's no when there's no work
 there's no money there's no food.
 People get desperate and teen pregnancies were up like I don't know 10,000 percent during
 COVID and these girls would go to school and it was just it was really it was not a good
 situation for them.
 So we built this all-girls school and it was really powerful.
 It was really really cool.
 That was awesome.
 And anyway, it was just it was just a really cool thing to be able to experience.
 And I remember having this this really interesting feeling.
 In fact, I got a chance to speak in front of the whole village during the ceremony where
 we got a you know the ribbon cutting ceremony of the school and everything.
 And it was cool because all the people got up there every you know the the leaders of
 the villages and the government and everyone they kept saying like, "Thank God bless you
 guys.
 We're prosperous.
 We bless you that you'll be."
 And they kept like asking God to bless us as the donors.
 And I remember I got up there.
 I said, you know, you guys looking at us like, "Oh, were these donors who brought you money?"
 But my give no idea the impact like the fact that I have an army of people here in Kenya
 praying for me every night that my business be prosperous and I will be processed by family
 will that like that's worth more than any amount of money that we've ever donated or given,
 you know.
 And they experienced my kids have us like, man, these these villages served by family more
 than we ever ever tried to ever thought about doing, you know.
 And so it was just really cool.
 And so I think one of the lessons and the morals for all you guys just the power of
 giving back and like, you know, in whatever sphere sphere you want to be, whatever mission
 that you feel called to do is to be able to donate money and time energy, you know.
 And it's interesting because while we were in Kenya was also during 4th of July, which
 is when Operation Underground Railroad, which is the other charity that I support, my two
 charities are Village Impact and OERM and they launched the Sound of Freedom movie, which
 went crazy viral.
 Tons of negative press, tons of like, but it like it broke all these boxers office records.
 I think it's on track to like $100 million and raised so much awareness for what OER
 and what Tim Ballard and all these people are doing.
 But it was crazy that the negative side of that too, like, was there trying to like tell
 the story to help save these kids like just how political and dark and evil it got.
 Anyway, I had a chance to kind of post and, you know, put my flag back in the ground,
 let people know like, no, like I support Tim 1 million percent.
 Like I'm all in like, I know this man.
 I know what he's doing.
 I know he's the vision of the mission and he is called a God and I'm here 100% of my
 support and it was interesting that these things were happening at the same time.
 The two charities I love and care about the most were, you know, we were there in the
 middle of it and just watching how they're changing people's lives, both through.
 In fact, some of you guys don't know that the nonprofit we're trying to set up is called
 Liberate Educate where I feel like that's the mission of ClickFunnels two ways.
 Number one is we help to liberate entrepreneurs from their from their day jobs from the things
 they're holding back and we help educate them through training and courses and events, right?
 So Liberate Educate, that's our mission that we do publicly for entrepreneurs, but then
 also that's also our social mission.
 So we help liberate children from slavery and we help educate them through the school
 systems that we're building in in Africa.
 So those who are you know, Liberate Educate is our nonprofit that we're working towards
 and like, that's what we do is help liberate educate entrepreneurs and liberate educate
 children.
 So anyway, it was just kind of cool that these things were all happening at the same time
 and I was experiencing it and I shared with my kids like, man, this is what you guys are
 part of.
 This is like part of your legacy.
 It's what you're having a chance to experience right now and you can see how much, you know,
 a little bit of money can go to save a child's life.
 I think it's like on average, like $2,500 to save a child from slavery.
 Like, like that's amazing.
 Like, you know, if you had $2,500, you could save a child from slavery.
 Like, what would that be worth to them?
 I think it's an extra like 7,500 to rehabilitate rehabilitate.
 So like 10 grams to save a child.
 Then you go to Kenya and it's like, you know, a couple hundred bucks is enough to feed a
 family for a year or two, you know, like, it's just, it's really cool.
 But for all of you guys, wherever you, wherever you, you know, whatever charity speaks to your
 heart, like I, I just recommend like weaving those things into your business practices.
 Like, in a way, you could serve those things.
 So as you grow, they all grow as well.
 In fact, when we were in Kenya, we did a really cool match for my meeting with Stu and everyone
 else.
 And the topic was like, how do you weave giving into everything you're doing?
 And so Stu had me share and said, I click funnels out.
 You know, every time I funnels, built, we donate a dollar.
 And then, you know, we have other things built in where we're, where we're supporting the
 charities we love and we care about.
 And so anyway, nothing else, hope you guys get, get some value from that.
 Because when your business starts growing and you're able to help these other causes
 while you're doing it, like it just gives you more purpose, both for yourself and for
 your team.
 In fact, on Thursday, I have a team meeting with our entire company and I'm going to share
 the impact of what it did and how like what we're doing doesn't just help entrepreneurs,
 but it's helping, you know, these, these children around the world as well.
 So anyway, I'm excited to share the Liberate Educate message again with my teams to keep
 re reminding them that what we do matters.
 Okay.
 And then the other side is that part of the trip was done.
 Then, you know, we're with on the other side of the world, my kids, I'm like, we can
 go anywhere.
 You know, like we have them here on this other side of the world, like we should go see one
 other thing like what should we see?
 And we decided to go and actually see Jerusalem and see the Holy Land.
 And that was, I mean, that should be a podcast in and of itself.
 In fact, maybe it's more of a spiritual one or historic one.
 I don't even know, but it was one of the greatest trips we've ever been on.
 It's going and seeing honestly where three, three huge religious groups consider their
 Holy Land.
 Like Christians, it's our Holy Land.
 You look at the Muslims, it's their Holy Land.
 If you look at the Jewish people, it's their Holy Land.
 Like all of them all want the same area where the temple block is like it's anyway, it's
 just, it was a, it was a magical place.
 And it was cool because like, you know, when you go to Disneyland or you go to these theme
 parks, they make this stuff look like old stone, everything, but it's just fake.
 It's just like a facade to try to look cool.
 And this is like when you're there in Jerusalem, like it's, it's like the most authentic,
 real place I've ever been, I've ever seen.
 We had a chance to spend so much time like we got Airbnb downtown in old Jerusalem right
 next to the Western wall.
 We had a chance to spend so much time like with the Jewish people and like the acidic
 Jews who are on the whaling wall praying and crying and like, and like we were there on
 the wall with them praying with them.
 Like, I'm so cool.
 And we had a chance to go up on the temple mound to the, to the dome on the rock.
 It's been time with the, with, with some Muslim people and talk to them and get there.
 And like, it was just such a cool, amazing thing.
 And then go see all the Christian sites from where Christ was born to where his ministry
 was, we had a chance to like go out at five 30 in the morning on the Sea of Galilee where
 Christ calmed the waters where he walked on water and like spend time there.
 See, we saw where he was crucified.
 We saw where his tomb was like, just to see all the Holy Christian sites as well.
 And it's just like, man, it was, it was one of one of my favorite trips I've ever been
 on.
 Um, anyway, but it's so cool to be able to experience those things, my kids.
 And the last, I guess, take away, I want to share from this is this is the longest I've
 been away from the office.
 Um, maybe forever, at least since ClickFunnels launch was almost three weeks away from, from
 the office and because of just where we were at, like we're in Kenya and villages.
 There's no, there's no plugs or internet, right?
 They were in Jerusalem and we're touring the city's 24 hours a day.
 You know, like I didn't have a chance to work or do anything.
 It was the first time I had a chance to really, really unplug and just be there with my
 family and my thoughts and with seeing some of the fruits of what we've done, what we've
 been trying to work towards.
 And it was cool because I don't know, like it gave me, I don't know, give me some chance
 to reflect.
 I don't, I don't, I work so much.
 I don't get a chance away like that.
 And it kind of forced me to be away in a really unique way.
 And I just read books on the flights and the drive, you know, and they get my mind sharp
 again and give me re excited about the battles that I'm in and like the wars I want to win.
 And the, you know, the, I feel like in ClickFunnels, for example, there's times like we've, you
 know, we've been the dominant factor times people have taken some land from us and back
 and forth.
 And it's like, I've got reenergized just like, okay, here's how we're going to win.
 And here's how we're going to win big.
 And here's the, you know, and like those things came from like not being in the business fighting
 a war, say, from stepping out and looking at the battlefield and having a chance to kind
 of really strategically think through things as opposed to tactically executing on things
 all the time.
 If nothing else, like, especially for you entrepreneurs who like me who struggle, struggle at vacations,
 you struggle from getting away, don't look at it as a vacation, instead look at it as
 a way to step out of the, the, the tactical battles that you're fighting every single
 day and get to higher ground and strategically sit and think, just try to figure out like,
 how do I win this war?
 How do I, how do I advance my troops?
 How do I make sure that that we're winning all these situations and all that kind of stuff?
 I think that that's honestly the thing that they, they, it was just, it was really, really
 cool for me.
 Like I said, especially since I'm not the kind of person who typically breaks away from
 it.
 And I think you guys are going to see over the next 60 days specifically and then over the
 next, you know, throughout the rest of the year, us implementing this, this game plan,
 and it's going to be fun and exciting.
 And I think it's going to change the world.
 So anyway, I'm pumped.
 I'm on fire.
 I'm back right now.
 Even jet lag can't get me tired because I'm feeling so good.
 So anyway, that's all I want to share with you guys today.
 I'm getting close to my destination.
 So I'm probably going to end this podcast.
 But anyway, two big takeaways.
 Number one is we giving into your business.
 If you do, you have a chance to bless other people's lives in a way that they could never
 bless their own, which I think you will really enjoy that feeling that comes with it.
 And then number two is get a chance to force yourself to get to places we have to strategically
 break away from from the daily grind that you're in so you can strategically look at the chess
 board figure out how to actually win and help those two takeaways will be worth it because
 for me, it was it was amazing.
 And on top of that, just the time to to be with my kids and let them make to watch their
 eyes as they experience Kenya as they experience Jerusalem as they experience these things that
 were so powerful.
 So anyway, I'm grateful for all of these for listening.
 I'm in your corner rooting for you.
 I love entrepreneurs.
 I believe in entrepreneurs.
 That's why I've dedicated my life to serving and trying to change your life.
 And I hope that you feel that.
 And with that said, thank you guys so much being podcast listeners with some big plans
 coming up for the podcast for the next couple of weeks, months and years and great for free
 as being part of it.
 So without saying thank you guys and I'll talk to you all soon.
 Bye everybody.
 (gentle music)
 (music fades)
