 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast and
 do I have a story for you today?
 Man, I'm so excited to tell you it's a story.
 So a couple precursor things.
 Tomorrow we are doing the official groundbreaking for
 the Alice Research Center, which is crazy.
 This is like this crazy vision I had two or three years ago.
 As you guys know, you've heard me talk about it.
 To build this event center library and
 now everyone helped donate money towards the cause is all flying in and
 we're doing a big groundbreaking experiment.
 We got 50 or 60 people coming tomorrow, which is fun.
 And then we got like a whole handful of cool people coming like Joe Vitaly,
 who I bought his entire library, which is then probably half of my
 library now was Joe Vitaly's at one time.
 And so he's coming and speaking on books, which would be really cool.
 And then also like Don Green, who runs the Pojillo Foundation's coming and
 then Tal Tussvany, and I probably pronounced the last name wrong, but
 he runs the Iron Man Foundation.
 He's coming out too.
 So like two of my favorite authors, the heads of their foundation are coming out.
 Like, gosh, it's so cool.
 Anyway, so that doesn't really add to the story out that I'm excited.
 So that's happening tomorrow and I'm sure you'll hear me more talking
 about here on the podcast when it's all said and done, but
 it's gonna be really cool, really special day and just grateful for
 everyone who's buying his vision, hopefully give it a really cool experience.
 So there's number one.
 Number two is as part of this soon to be launch of Secrets of Success and
 the whole everything we're doing there, we reached out to the Night and
 Go Conant company.
 Because if you think about this, it's all the books I've been collecting are
 basically everything on personal development, marketing sales from like
 1850 to 1950, right?
 Emotional things are in the public domain, so I'm republishing a lot of
 right now, they'll be the members area, it's gonna be really cool.
 So the books, courses, me teaching, talking about all these principles,
 like all this is gonna be the members area, which is really exciting.
 But I was like from 1950 to like, to like 1980s or 90s, and
 they're actually in further, I said 1950s to like the 2000s.
 There was one company that was like the personal development brand and
 it was Night and Go Conant.
 And if you're not Night and Go Conant, it was started by Earl Meingale and
 Lloyd Conant, and it was a business start together.
 And anyway, we're working on doing it now to try to license some or
 all of the audio programs that they published for 50 plus years.
 You'll have members area as well, which is cool.
 So anyway, we haven't finalized the deal yet, but we're working on it.
 I think, anyway, they're amazing and I'm really excited.
 I think we're gonna be able to have some really cool things from the Night and
 Go Conant Library inside the members area, which is gonna be insanely helpful.
 So from the Russell Brunson Library, you got everything from 1850 to 1950.
 So Night and Go Conant Library, you got like 1950 to 2000, and
 then post 2000, that's like the Tony Robbins era, right?
 Tony Robbins, Brendan Bouchard, like the next wave of personal development people.
 And so, anyways, just exciting.
 So, so many fun things are happening, but as I started going through all the night
 and go conant stuff, I was like, I know Earl Meingale is.
 I know a little bit about him, I've listened to a lot of stuff and I love it.
 But I don't know his story.
 And so I actually found his biography and just finished listening to it today,
 actually, and, my gosh, it was awesome.
 But there's one chapter in particular, I wanna tell you guys the story behind,
 cuz it is the most fascinating, crazy, cool thing, one of the best stories I've
 ever heard.
 And I never heard it until I listened to the biography, and so I wanna share with
 you guys, and I'm sure I'm gonna mess up a couple of details.
 So I recommend going to, to Audible and buying the things like Earl Meingale and
 Earl Meingale, or something like that, it's the name of the book.
 And it says biography telling his whole story.
 But there's one chapter in the chapters called The Strange is Secret.
 And that's what I wanna tell you guys the story behind.
 And if you know who Earl Meingale is, I guess, is you've heard The Strange is Secret.
 That's his trademark program, audio, it's like his philosophy on success.
 And, but the story behind it is, it's like the coolest story I've ever heard.
 Not gonna lie, it's one of the best ever.
 So what happened was Earl was a radio host, right, a radio personality.
 And he loved personal development things.
 So he would talk about all the things, success, personal development,
 achievement, thoughts, like all those kind of things, right?
 And every week on the show he would have these things.
 And he was mildly famous around the country, but not like,
 not who he became.
 And anyway, he was leaving on a sailing tour or something.
 I don't know if he's gone for a month or two on the sailing tour.
 And before he left his office, the system was like, hey,
 normally we have these Monday meetings or whatever it was.
 These meetings where we train our sales staff,
 it's essentially gonna be gone.
 Would you mind recording something for them that we can,
 while you're gonna make them listen to, to motivate them to do better in sales and
 things like that.
 And so the time Earl had been having this,
 having these different thoughts in his head about something he wanted to create.
 And so he, he said, he woke up at 8 a.m. in the morning,
 he sat down for two hours, he wrote this little booklet,
 and he titled it The Strange A Secret.
 Then he went into the recording studio and he clicked record,
 and he recorded this audio teaching this principle of The Strange A Secret.
 And it's not super long.
 I think it's like 30 or 40 minutes long or maybe less, maybe 20 or 25,
 30 minutes long.
 But recorded this audio on record, and then they pressed a copy of the record for
 everyone on the sales staff thing, I don't know, maybe 20 or 30 of them, right?
 They recorded the whole thing and then he handed out to sales staff and
 he took off and he went out of town.
 And back then he didn't have cell phones obviously, so he didn't know what was
 happening, but he went sailing and a camera for the month or two months,
 but he was sailing and just kinda disconnected.
 And while he was gone, this is where he gets crazy.
 So his office assistant handles out to the salespeople and they all loved it.
 And they're like, this is so good.
 And so they started asking for more copies for their friends and family members.
 So she started going and produced a couple more records,
 hand out for their friends and family.
 And their friends and family got it.
 They loved it and they started asking for more.
 So she's like, do this little side hustle.
 She's like printing things, handing them out, printing them, handing them out.
 And then somebody sends one to the radio station that the Earl was like the voice
 of whatever he was the main radio host for.
 And the people in the station, they're like, this is really, really good.
 So what they decided to do, which is crazy, is they, without his permission,
 without asking when they decided to air live on the radio.
 So they played live on the radio during when he would normally be speaking.
 And I think they probably told people like, hey, this is a record here,
 record of his staff and here's something you guys can hear while Earl's gone.
 So they played it and people freaked out.
 And then they started calling his office asking for copy.
 They wanted a copy of the vinyl.
 They wanted what?
 So his assistant was like all scared.
 Like Earl's gonna be so mad like, but I'm doing this.
 And so she decided she's like, well, if we're gonna do this, I'm gonna mark it up a little bit
 so it makes a profit on.
 So she started charging people for these records.
 And so she thought that would discourage them from buying it.
 But instead, it got more people wanting and more people.
 And so she started printing him and shipping him and printing him and shipping him.
 And it got the point where her boss is out of the country on a sell boat.
 She's supposed to be doing office manager stuff.
 And from the stage, she's full time printing and shipping these records out to people.
 It's the people who come to the office, they would mail in, they'd send checks and money
 orders to the mail, like all through word of mouth.
 No advertising, no marketing, single ad was played, just people hearing about other people.
 And during like the, I think it was the time while he was selling the ship, they ended up
 selling 200,000 copies of this record.
 Which is insane.
 Once again, no ads, all viral marketing.
 And so she's about this whole production.
 She's printing and she's shipping and she's so scared that when Earl comes back, he's going
 to melt down because she turned this thing into this printing and shipping house.
 And the thing started selling like crazy.
 And so fast forward to Earl gets down to selling trip.
 He gets, you know, the boat comes back into the dock, wherever it's at.
 And we get there's thousands of newspaper reporters, people there.
 And he thought he was going to be under arrest.
 He walked in.
 He's like, my under arrest, like what's happening here?
 Like, no, you're not under arrest.
 And they said, you need to call your assistant.
 So he called his assistant and she's just like, I'm so sorry.
 I don't know what's happening.
 You were selling like 200,000 copies of this record.
 And she thinks he's going to fire or get super matter.
 Instead, he's like, you know, recognizes the opportunity and he's like, keep doing what
 you're doing.
 And so race is home.
 And this becomes their business printing and shipping these records out to people.
 And what's crazy is it became the first record to gold gold, which I don't know if that means
 a million copies.
 I'm not sure how that works.
 But they, you know, for records like, you know, Michael Jackson sells a million copies
 like those gold or platinum or whatever that looks like.
 I don't know.
 But there had never been a record in the genre of a spoken word.
 So it was the first spoken word record ever become a gold record.
 It was crazy as we're talking about a nine-year-old Conan, a big Conan who runs the company now
 actually sends a picture of that record.
 I saw it.
 I was like, that is insane.
 Anyway, my goal is to see if there's any way I can buy that from him to let him put it
 in our library.
 Because how cool the story is that?
 But it was the first thing that went viral.
 It was the first thing that, you know, word of mouth.
 It was like this thing that just literally changed the world.
 And it was off of this recording he'd created for his sales team and never thought twice
 about it.
 And one of the quotes in the book, it said, he went selling as a normal man.
 And when he came home, he was a millionaire and he didn't even know it.
 Like how crazy cool is that?
 Like, ah, I got chills just saying it again.
 When I was listening to the audiobook and they said that, I was just like, what a crazy
 cool story.
 So what is the moral and motivation?
 What's the moral of this episode, of our podcast?
 I don't really know.
 A couple of things though.
 Number one is you should all go listen to the strange of secret.
 I'm hoping that someday we'll have it in the members area of secrets of success.
 But if not, like, if you buy the audiobook and it's listened to in the appendix of the
 audiobook, they actually have that in there so you can listen to it.
 And again, I think it's like 20 to 30 minutes long if I remember right.
 So go on this dude because it's really, really cool.
 And one of the core foundational, like, things in the personal development industry, like
 so much of what has been developed since then came from this recording.
 You know, some people were inspired by it and they went deeper and they created books
 and courses and seminars and everything.
 But it was like one of those pivotal things like shifted the world, shifted society in
 a similar way to, like, thinking we were interested when the Holy Hills blew up.
 At least 30, 40 million copies, like it shifted the world.
 And this is the same thing.
 So I think number one is just go and listen to it, find out for yourself.
 Like, what is the strange of secret?
 Do you even know what it is?
 If you don't know what it is, you gotta find out because I promise you it's simple but
 it's so powerful.
 That's number one.
 Number two is you never know what things you create are going to be the things that resonate
 with people.
 I think so many people are always waiting to like, I don't know.
 And I do sometimes too.
 I'm going to wait to create the most perfect thing ever.
 And so we're waiting and we're trying and we're trying to make the best thing ever versus
 like, you know, it rolls on the radio every day, teaching and, you know, giving sermons
 on success.
 Ooh, that's a cool name, sermons of success.
 And doing these things out there and trying to help people who were successful, it wasn't
 until like just randomly like, almost as an afterthought, you know, he sat down for two
 hours and wrote what became his finest work.
 And then recorded it and it went viral because of itself.
 How many times have we done the same thing?
 We tried to engineer the most perfect video to go viral or a podcast episode.
 It's going to be perfect and it doesn't work, right?
 But we do it and do it and eventually there's like one that hits.
 So many people I know who have gone viral on YouTube or Instagram or whatever.
 And it's like, for most of them, they put out 100 videos and then one hit for some reason,
 right?
 And that was the one that became the viral video that built their channel and changed
 their entire life.
 And so you never know.
 So it's just like putting stuff out there all the time.
 There's a principle and I have not read this book yet.
 So this is me telling the story, like, regurgitated from me here for somebody else.
 I'll probably tell it wrong.
 In fact, Steve Larson told me, I think it's the book War of Art, but again, I'm not positive.
 So don't quote me.
 But in the story I heard from Steve, which I think was from that book, so that's how
 many, how many, it's playing phone boots.
 I'm going to mess up the story.
 But the story from, that I heard Steve tell that was really, really cool was basically
 that they had these two students in our class or something and they had 30 days and they
 said a half the class, you have 30 days to make the most perfect art possible, like,
 make something that's going to be the best.
 If the other group, you can make as many variations as you want and the last thing you make will
 be your art project.
 So like every day, create something new and then the end of it, it seems much better.
 So do this over 30 days.
 What happened is in the end of 30 days, the people of 30 days trying to make something
 perfect, theirs were way worse than the people who were creating something new every single
 day for 30 days and eventually made something awesome.
 It was like the iterative process of trying over and over and over and over and over again
 that created something amazing.
 And so the principles, I think like watching an Earl Nightingale story from the outside
 and then, you know, the story from the war of art, I think, and from all the other stuff
 is just understanding it's like us producing, putting things out over and over and over again.
 So when you do that, that's where you become good enough to create something that will
 truly go viral.
 And anyway, it's exciting, especially right now for me.
 I'm working, I've been working for almost three years on my next book project.
 You guys have heard me talk about it a lot and it's just been a stagnating spot.
 I haven't been able to figure out how to really take it to the next level, which is why I
 think a big part of me is buying these books and going on this, you know, this personal
 development rampage, trying to study and learn everything for everybody because I'm really
 just teaching out it, trying to figure out how to make something truly amazing.
 And essentially, I decided to partner up with a co-author on this book and I don't have
 all the details yet, so I want to announce it.
 Someone who you would know and he's written a bunch of really good books.
 And so this morning, actually, I sent him over kind of my research and all the work I've
 done at this point.
 And I think I've done four or five seminars teaching these principles.
 And so I sent him a brain to play.
 Here's everything.
 Here's all the stuff I have.
 I want you to go listen to it all.
 And it was just kind of cool to see, you know, three years with the work, like condensed
 down to these maybe 10 hours of me, of audio, video, writings, everything that I gave to
 him to go through so we can collaborate and start making this book a reality.
 So anyway, just I'm in the process right now and just makes me think about it.
 If I was trying to sit down right with the perfect book, it'd never be perfect.
 But because I've been three years like creating, posting, writing, you know, all kind of stuff
 is getting better and better and better.
 And I think my goal and the goal, this, my co-author and I, which again, as soon as we
 have finalized contracts, we'll tell you guys more of the details about it.
 But our goal is to have a million copies, which is insane.
 I'm, you know, even a million copies is insane.
 I think they said like 1% of the books in the world are less than that.
 I don't even sell million copies.
 And right now between my three books, like Docom, Expert and Traffic, we're getting close
 to crossing a million copies combined of those three books, but one book, some million
 copies is crazy.
 But you guys know I'm a little, a little competitive, maybe hyper competitive, but the books that,
 the books that, you know, are the big books nowadays sell 10 million copies.
 So Jordan Peterson's books sold 10 million copies, atomic habits, James Clear book, I
 think sold 15 million copies.
 And those are the books that, you know, it's crazy.
 So Michael, our goal in pursuing his books is to sell 10 million copies, which would
 be the equivalent of like Earl Meigel's "Stranger's Secret," be the equivalent of thinking
 grow rich, be equivalent of, you know, the greatest selling of things of all time.
 And so that's the vision and the strategy and the mission is to like, how do we create
 a book so good that we can sell 10 million copies?
 And so that's what we're working on.
 That's the secret project that will be our, you know, the big project.
 The goal is to launch the book in about a year from now.
 So that's where we're at.
 So there's my, there's Russell's definite purpose that he is running towards right now.
 I'm excited for it.
 I'm excited to go to share with you guys some of the assume.
 So anyway, there you go.
 The reason why this episode's longer than normal is because I'm driving to the airport
 because Bill Allen, who's one of my inner circle members who actually my Atlas members,
 who's the highest level mastermind.
 And he was one of our, he bought one of the two of the million dollar seats and he bought
 some of the other seats.
 Like, anyway, he flew out here and he's a pilot.
 One of the best pilots in the world, actually, he's like a fighter pilot.
 But anyway, I can't, I'm sure I'll find out the full story today, but one of the best pilots
 in the world and he flew out on his own private plane and he does a podcast where you're actually
 in the plane during the podcast.
 So I'm driving the airport, we're jumping a private plane and flying around in circles
 to do a podcast in the air.
 So that's under right now in about 15 minutes from now, which would be awesome.
 So I'm sure that you guys have a chance to hear that hopefully, but hopefully have a
 chance to actually see it because it's going to be crazy.
 It's got like GoPros duct tape to the wings of the plane and a bunch of stuff.
 So it's going to be a lot of fun.
 Anyway, I digress.
 I'm almost there for something.
 I'm going to leave you guys with the challenge to go listen to the strangest secret and then
 start visualizing your mind how and when you could create the thing that will become your
 finest work, the thing that will be your thing that goes viral, the book that sells
 10 million copies, the recording, the podcast, whatever it is.
 And again, it's not going to come from you trying to make the perfect thing.
 It's going to come for you publishing a lot to become worthy enough to create the thing
 that will go viral and change the world.
 So that's it.
 I appreciate you all.
 Thanks for listening.
 I hope you have a great day.
 Talk soon.
 (upbeat music)
