 What's up, everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 I am pumped and excited to be hanging out with you guys.
 I have not recorded you up so in a couple weeks.
 In fact, the last six weeks of my life have been insane.
 We've been to Kenya and then to Jerusalem and then back home for a couple of days.
 We did a linchpin event and from there flew to Pirates Cove for a family trip and then
 two master my meetings with my category kings, I'm an Atlas group and I'm back in Boise
 catching up and getting ready for Funnel Hacking Live, which we are like five weeks away from,
 which is crazy.
 So if you have buy your ticket, shake it, hurry.
 We are almost sold out and this year's Funnel Hacking Live is going to be insane.
 I'm so excited.
 In fact, I'm going to be doing a million videos of Facebook Live talking about Funnel Hacking
 Live.
 I've only promised.
 I got a huge black guy at Pirates Cove.
 I was wrestling as a kid.
 He's a junior in high school this year.
 He's a really good wrestler and we're wrestling.
 Anyway, I'm a little taller than him so my head is up higher than his.
 He popped his head up and gave me a nice little shiner, which is great.
 But it's hard when you're trying to do videos and courses and trainings, all these things
 I need to do is let the cancel an event and move things around, but alas, it's all good
 because it's part of the process, part of the fun.
 Okay.
 So I have a specific thing I'll talk about during this episode.
 Mostly because I've had probably two million people messaging me about it.
 I haven't heard from in years, people all over the place.
 Then recently, I moved all my social apps off of my main phone and I got a second phone
 of social phones.
 All my apps and things are there and I leave the social phone away from me.
 That way, the only thing I can do on my main phone is I can listen to podcasts and I can
 text and box and record podcasts.
 That's about it.
 If I want to be social, I have to get to the other phone.
 So I keep the other phone far away from me, like in a different building or different office
 or whatever.
 And then if I do have something I want to share on social, I make videos over here and then
 I text it to the other phone and then I get that phone and I go and I text it.
 So I hadn't seen social for a while and I pulled up that social phone last night.
 And I'm kind of surprised.
 There's all this controversy around the Hermosey launch.
 Everyone's asking, again, people messaging me, but everyone online is freaking out.
 Positive, negative, all sorts of stuff, which kind of confused me.
 So because so many of you guys have asked me my opinion and because you guys know I've
 been hanging out with Alex for a long, long time, I'm going to tell you guys my version
 of the Hermosey launch.
 And hopefully you'll get some ideas and value out of it.
 And yeah, I think it'll be a lot of fun.
 So there is the topic episode of today.
 So the first question I get a lot is like, how do you know Alex Hermosey?
 So I met Alex actually, man, I think it was year two of ClickFunnels.
 It would have been year one of ClickFunnels.
 We did the first year of ClickFunnels.
 We launched it like in September and then that January was traffic and conversion event.
 That's back when T&C was the biggest event ever.
 Before we had Funnel Hacking Lite, right?
 So this is a decade ago.
 And I remember I got asked to speak in a breakout room, but they told me I couldn't
 sell, which is like the worst thing ever.
 So I took my webinar presentation, I burned it on these DVDs, we had a whole bunch of
 them at our booth and then the story is going to, it's kind of a long story, but it's really
 fun.
 So anyway, so we get to T&C and I'm allowed to sell an hour on stage, but I still like
 I want to teach my Funnel Hacker presentation.
 So we did everything in the manual that goes out to the entire attendees with a big ad for
 them to go register for the webinar.
 In fact, I had people, I remember people taking pictures like this is the best, this
 is the only direct response ad in the entire traffic conversion newsletter or whatever.
 I was like, yeah, I'm the only one who still does direct response.
 So we had a big ad in there, we had a booth and I remember the day we obviously would
 be speaking, I was like, man, we had three breakout rooms competing against two of the
 people in the breakout room, no one knows who I am or what funnel hacking is yet.
 And I remember Dave Woodward who at the time was not working for ClickFunnels, he was just
 a friend, he was there.
 I was like, man, I wish we had some booth babes who could get to push people into my
 session and Dave looks at me, how many do you need?
 I'm like, I'm speaking like three hours, there's no way, how many do you need?
 I'm like, I don't know, as many as you can get.
 So he gets on the phone, he's calling, I don't know who he's calling or I don't even
 know, I didn't ever ask questions, but next day I know within an hour, he's like, all
 right, I got four girls coming.
 And so we had these four beautiful models show up and we put them in funnel hacker T-shirts
 and they stood outside my door, try to get everybody to come into our session.
 And so luckily between the booth babes and my marketing and whatever else, I think funnels
 were kind of the hot topic at the time as well.
 My breakout room had like 80% of people and when people stand here, only in fact, I think
 fire marshal got mad at us because it was, anyway, it was awesome.
 So people come in there and get my presentation and I only spoke for 60 minutes, which I'm
 going to talk the whole funnel hacks presentation except for the pitch.
 So left people wanting more and then I was like, I'm not allowed to pitch anything.
 So if you want to watch the rest of this presentation, go to our booth and get a DVD where you can
 watch the rest of it.
 And that was kind of it.
 And I didn't know who's in the audience or anything.
 And that was kind of it.
 And then a year later, I get a phone call, not me, but ourselves guys get a phone call
 from this gym owner named Alex Ramosi.
 And Alex was like, hey, last year I heard Russell speak at this event and I want to
 do the thing he was doing.
 I'm sick of my gyms, I want to do what he was doing.
 And the guy sold them on an inner circle.
 And a week later, he's on a decade and a day call with me and he jumps on and we start
 talking.
 And you know when you start talking to someone really quick, you know, when someone's just
 sharp and bright, you know, I'm talking to Ramosi.
 And within like a few minutes, I was like, and I, again, I had not met him yet.
 Funnall hacking live, number two was coming up.
 So we had San Diego Funnall hacking live is about to happen.
 And he was a gym owner and he was doing all these cool things.
 And I was like, man, I want someone to teach funnels to gym owners.
 And so during my first conversation with him, I was like, hey, do you want to speak a
 funnall hacking live?
 Which again, that normally never happens.
 But I just felt something about him.
 I was like, ah, there's something here.
 And so he was like, sure.
 And I told my team and they're like, wait, who?
 Who is this?
 I'm like, I don't know.
 Just some guy.
 He runs a gym.
 He seems really cool.
 He should speak a funnall hacking live.
 And everyone, my team's freaking out.
 Like, you've never met him before.
 What have you, like, I don't know.
 He just seems really cool.
 So yeah.
 So he came to funnall hacking live.
 And I think that's first time I met him was that funnall hacking live.
 And he got up and spoke and kind of showed what he was doing, the funnels and the sales
 stuff he was doing to fill his gyms.
 And at funnall hacking live, I think from there somebody like saw what he was doing and
 hired him.
 Like, hey, can you teach me how to do this for my gyms?
 And that kind of was the beginning of him doing gym launch.
 And it's a long story.
 I'm not going to tell you all the details.
 I'm sure you've heard the details from him.
 But, you know, he went and first off was flying out to gyms and filling in.
 And then from there, he created an info product course and then licensed it and blew it up
 and became gym launches.
 So I had the opportunity to hang out with Alex a lot of the years and just someone who I'm
 grateful that I had a chance to be, you know, a part of as he was learning and growing a
 part of that.
 And, but man, just someone who I love and respect and grateful for.
 So that's number one.
 That's who that's how Alex and I kind of know each other through that time.
 And we were back when he was in the inner circle.
 We were hanging out, you know, three, four times a year here in Boise or other places.
 I remember the very first TEDx event everyone to was Dave, Alex and Layla came to the event
 and like Grant Cardone went back there and gave us a sales table.
 He didn't think that that was necessary.
 So like it was like, anyway, I did my sales pitch and there was no work for people to
 run.
 So Dave had a box of order forms and pens.
 Alex had one and Layla had one.
 So people were running from them and they're like selling each other, like selling everybody
 into it.
 And it was just, it was chaos and fun.
 I just have so many good memories with Alex.
 And anyway, so anyway, so regardless.
 So Alex two years ago decided, sells gym launch, decides to go all in on organic.
 And he's insane.
 He's great.
 If you ever talk to Alex short form, he's really good.
 He's like giving you an idea or a principle or something and like doing it short form.
 So like for every reason he started doing social and just went really, really hardcore
 on it and blew it up to the point where he was getting, you know, all of his videos
 get half million views or more.
 You know, my videos get 50,000 views or more.
 So he's TEDx to me on his organic reach, which drives me crazy as a friend, but also
 as a fan.
 And I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 And I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 I'm not going to be a fan of that.
 This next book is to sell a million copies within the first year and 10 million copies
 within the first five years.
 And so I'm looking hard.
 Like, what are people doing to launch books and stuff like that?
 And I've seen recently a lot of people doing book launches.
 You know, Jenna Coocher did a really good book launch recently.
 Jamie Kern Lima did a really good one and she did hers with a big event.
 And so I was curious how Alex was going to do this.
 But I didn't know any details.
 I've texted him back two or three times during the process, but you know, he didn't ask for
 my opinion or didn't ask for any help.
 And so I was just doing it and I was just more watching him to see what his creative mind would do and create.
 And so I'm sure a lot of you guys did as well.
 I don't know these act numbers, but he was around 500,000 people subscribed to this live, this free event.
 I think mostly organic.
 I'm sure he paid some ads, but I think the majority is organic and getting affiliates to promote all sorts of stuff.
 And it was crazy as you opt in.
 He opted in with a text message of like, he's got a 500,000 person text message list, which if it was me,
 I would be spamming every single day with offers.
 I'm just kidding.
 Well, kind of, but if you haven't yet, I'm hoping he sells me something through text, but text and emails.
 So he built half million person list from this exercise, which is crazy, right?
 And then the event he was doing was the Eric Worries studio.
 Eric Worries got a big studio in Vegas and I happened to be in Vegas during the book launch.
 And Eric Worries came and actually spoke at the Counter Waking's Mastermind event.
 And he was like, yeah, we're getting ready for Hermosey's big event this weekend.
 So he actually invited me and the Atlas group actually went over to his event center, the night before Alex's things.
 We got there and like, they had all signage for Alex and all this stuff, you know.
 And so, but we had to go the night before just to go see the studio, which is really cool, knowing that tomorrow Alex is going to be doing the thing there.
 And so that was kind of the last day of our mastermind.
 The next day I was with Bart Miller shopping for my fun-hacking live wardrobe.
 I was at the, you know, downtown, or in Vegas running around store by store trying to find some clothes for me to wear.
 So I don't look like I'm, you know, rustling t-shirt and jeans at Funnel Hacking Live right when the event's happening.
 So I'm trying to like watch it while I'm shopping and all sorts of stuff.
 And I don't know all the details.
 And so I haven't talked to Alex post events, so I don't know all this.
 So this is, you know, from Russell's recollection of what he's able to see.
 So number one is like I tried to start the event initially and it didn't work.
 And like went to a dead page and then I re-opted in and like spun and gave me a page.
 And then I never got a text messages link, went to email, emails like, tomorrow you get a link.
 So I didn't get the email or text message.
 And I was like, oh no, everything's crashed.
 And so I think it crashed for a while.
 Again, I didn't get an email or a text with links registered.
 And then when I went directly there, the page was down.
 So I was kind of like stressing out form anyway because I don't know if you guys have ever done a huge launch.
 But whenever you have a big launch and it crashes, there's nothing more stressful than that.
 And then I don't know, 10, 15 minutes into the event, I got a text saying go watch it on YouTube.
 So I'm like, okay, I think Zoom must be down with YouTube links working.
 So I went to YouTube and boom, he's live in the studio.
 So I'm kind of pumped that I'm able to watch it.
 I missed the first part.
 So I don't know if he started on time or what happened, but I finally got a way to watch it.
 So I was literally at the food court.
 I said Alex a video.
 I'm in the food court.
 And I've got a big black guy from wrestling.
 It's like a big black guy.
 I'm sitting at the food court and I'm like watching him listening to him pitch and trying to see what he's doing.
 So he goes into it and it was interesting because I watched Jamie Kernlema when she did her virtual event book launch.
 She had like 10 speakers and they all came and they added value and they taught Stephanie in between.
 She would do a little mini, push his back to her book.
 And I feel like that's kind of the way I would have structured an event.
 Alex was in that way.
 He was the only speaker and it was structured more like a webinar.
 I mean, I think it only went for two hours and it was done.
 And I was like, for me, it was sick to my stomach.
 Like, if you got 500,000 people registered for an event, like, I would talk for forever.
 Like, I would never stop.
 I would just keep talking until everyone disappeared.
 You know what I mean?
 I don't list that opportunity, but he went for like, I think, two hours and then it was over.
 And then so that's kind of anyway.
 So, for me, I would have long gave that, tried to serve those people as long as I could while I had their attention.
 Same thing like, it's funny, day four, fun hacking live.
 When I'm on stage saying goodbye to everyone and looking out, there's 5,000 people still there.
 I'm like, it takes us so much work to use people in the room.
 Like, I don't want to leave.
 I don't want to like, I just want to like, let's go all night long.
 Let's go five more sessions because they're all here.
 Like, let's keep having fun, you know.
 And that's why I felt about that.
 I was like, oh, like, I wish Alex would have kept going and had more speakers or had more people talking about the topic or whatever.
 But so, that was one thing I thought was kind of interesting how he structured the event was different than I definitely would have.
 But he structured like a webinar.
 And so then he started going through the webinar.
 I was like, he's doing the perfect webinar, which was kind of cool.
 And it was funny because I was watching the comments and like, as he's doing the perfect webinar, it's like, he's leading up to his cell, which I might sign like, in fact, I texted Alex tonight before.
 I'm like, what are you selling?
 Please tell me something.
 Don't deprive these people of giving you money.
 And he's like, well, he's like, just watch.
 He's like, I'm doing something that you'll notice, but he's making some twists on it.
 So I'm watching to do the perfect webinar.
 And like, as he starts getting to the stack, you know, the comments people are set.
 They're like, freaking out.
 Like, oh, he's just like all the other ones.
 And he's trying to sell and stuff like that.
 And I was like, what do you do here a second?
 But a couple of things I noticed from the webinar, which were interesting to me.
 Interesting because like, when you watch Alex on short form reels, like he's just the best
 I've ever seen, like just riffing and talking.
 Whereas the webinar, I've never seen Alex do the long form to our, I seem to do presentations,
 but like a structured sales presentation for that long.
 And it was interesting because I think he'd written the whole thing out because it felt like he was reading it.
 And I was like, how interesting for me on the other way around like, when I do, the reason I suck it, not that I suck, but I'm not as good as I'm going to be soon in the future.
 But like, I'm not as great on short form as Alex because like, I'm the opposite way, or I have to structure it and I write it almost.
 And then like, it sounds like I'm reading it.
 And so I'm trying to get better at that.
 And it's just interesting to me because the long form, when I have a 90 minute webinar, like I just flow.
 Like that's my, that's my arena.
 That's where I feel the most comfortable.
 I can talk.
 I can share it, share it, share it, share it, share it.
 I don't write a single word out.
 I can go for 90 minutes and kill a webinar.
 But on a 60 second reel, I'm the one that's got it structured out and I sound like I'm reading it.
 It's horrible.
 It's just like funny because like me and Alex had flip-flop where he was long form teaching/selling.
 He was like, he was more reading, whereas he's just so natural short form.
 And I'm the exact opposite.
 So I thought that was an interesting thing as I was listening to him.
 Like how interesting, how he's so good in this one.
 And then we're on so bad and then vice versa.
 So I thought it was kind of fun.
 All right.
 So then he did his pitch and he built a whole value and the value dropped and dropped and dropped.
 Eventually he's like, dropped all the way down.
 Like it's just free.
 Like you all get it for free.
 And so it was funny watching the tides turn into comments from like, we hate you.
 You're trying to sell something to like, we love you're the greatest ever.
 And he pitched zero dollars and basically like you just go to his site and like the whole course is there.
 You just watch it.
 No pay wall, no opt-in.
 It's just there.
 So that was cool.
 I think it was, I've seen some other people do like open sourcing or content.
 So it's just like it's there.
 It's for you to learn and grow from.
 And so he did that.
 This is where a lot of controversy I saw online comes.
 People were like, oh no, Alex gave away this, you know, a $2,000 course for free.
 Like it's destroying the market.
 Like he's moving the free line.
 Where now everyone's going to give away their courses for free and all sorts of stuff.
 And that's where a lot of the controversy came from.
 And I don't actually agree with that.
 I thought it was interesting that people are so nervous about that.
 But I don't think it's like a legitimate fear.
 You know, Alex's business model is different.
 He's not selling info products.
 He is trying to serve people and then get the right businesses, doing like $3 to $5 million
 a year to come, give him equity.
 And then he helps consult.
 Like that's his business model, right?
 And so he's not, he's just serving the lower audience to get the cream to rise to the top
 so he can do equity deals with the best businesses, which is pretty cool.
 And so for him, like he's not trying to sell a course.
 Like yeah, he could have made a couple million bucks to own course.
 But instead he gives away for free because for him, the long game is different than us.
 And so everyone's like, I'm going to have to get my stuff away for free.
 First off, you don't have to.
 Second off, it's not even the right model unless you're modeling her model, right?
 So it's like understanding what business model you're in.
 Don't think that like, because he did it, like that should become your business model.
 I think that's a misconception that some people were having watching their reactions
 do it afterwards, which was kind of interesting.
 But one thing that I do want to stress, at Pirates Cove, we had the category Kingsmaster
 when I had a guy come speak, some of you guys know him.
 His name's Pace Morby.
 And Pace, he got into the real estate coaching business like two years ago.
 And this year I think they did over 100 million or something crazy like that.
 And what's interesting about Pace is I hadn't come to speak about, wasn't about their coaching business.
 I hadn't come to speak about the community he's built.
 He is the best I've ever seen in building a community.
 In fact, I thought I was the best.
 I'm not going to lie, expert secrets about how I built the funnel hacker community.
 But Pace has done a better job.
 Just flat out.
 He's done a better job.
 And so it's been fun because actually he spoke for over an hour and I've modeled out a lot of changes.
 You guys are going to see some really cool funnel hacking community stuff happening over between now and the end of the year primarily from Pace to stuff.
 But somebody asked Pace that about why is this so important?
 And what Pace said was interesting.
 He's like, I don't think courses are going to matter in the future.
 He's like, you can go to AI and write me a course on how to do underwater basket weaving.
 You know, create a course better than any of us could create.
 He's like, so the values on the course and information, the value within the community.
 AI can't build a community.
 Right?
 So that's the thing.
 So he's doubling and tripling and 100 exiting down on community.
 I think this is similar to what, you know, for those who are freaking about Hermosius things, like yes, info may be devalued or may, whatever you want to call it, but like the value is in the community.
 And I think that's hopefully less than for everybody here's understanding that like, to AI making content easier, Alex, give me a free or whatever, the fear may be, like, you know, it's not a free thing.
 The fear may be like, don't fear that like the community is the secret that is the key.
 So how do you double down and triple down on building your community?
 So that's something big takeaway I really had from the whole process.
 Okay, so then after you pitch to this pitch for zero dollars, things like, hey, by the way, those who do want the book and you want to pass it on, you can go buy one book, you want to buy three books, one for you, then give away two to people you think would benefit from it.
 I'll give you a free Hermosius hat.
 So it was like, buy three books, get a hat.
 And then you get a 10 book option as well on the site.
 So that was kind of the pitch was just go buy one book or go buy three to give away two copies and you get a free hat.
 And number three was by 10 copies, I think was the other option.
 So one cool thing I got from there is like, I've learned this in one book funnel ever on my network marketing secret, the network marketing secrets.com.
 I got a book funnel there.
 And because network marketers will all times buy something for their team.
 So I have on there on the order form option.
 There's like, you can buy one book, three book, five books or 10 books.
 And most people buy multiple books of network marketing secrets.
 But I've never offered that on any of my other books.
 I was like, dang, I should have done all these.
 And just make it like, hey, get one for you or buy one book for you or buy three to give two friends or business partners or buy three.
 And so I think I'm going to update my funnels to have an option like a one three five option.
 Above the credit card form where you can order multiple copies because I just thought that was kind of cool to see how he did that.
 Not only exactly how many copies he sold, he told me before he had printed over 150,000 copies of the book before the launch and then most of them sold out during within the first hour or so.
 So I think he sold 100,000 plus copies of the book, which is awesome.
 Yeah.
 And so that was the book launch and ended and the webinar ended.
 I was like, why would you end this?
 Like, sell me something or talk some more or whatever, you know, but, you know, he ended and that was kind of the end of it.
 So that was interesting.
 Now.
 A couple, a couple of things. The number one big thing I wanted to talk about was just the fact about like information.
 It's a commodity.
 And so like thinking about different business models, Hermoses is like give away information for free, give it a commodity.
 And then I get equity in the back with case it's like information is there, be building community.
 Just thinking about that with your business.
 I think for me, it's, it's wrapping information more in community than I've ever done before to increase the value and make that make it valuable.
 The number two thing was interesting is that, and this is, this is, anyway, this was like hurt my heart as a, as a, as a marketer.
 But Hermoses didn't send people through a funnel and his tech stack was interesting.
 He sent people a thing to Shopify page and from there, took them to a HubSpot CRM.
 So it was like Shopify for the product.
 HubSpot for CRM.
 And I know Alex, Alex group on ClickFunnels, but he always says, oh, we need more enterprise, you're using enterprise software.
 But the reality is number one is ClickFunnels is enterprise software, especially 2.0.
 If you guys have been using it lately, like it's getting really, really good to do all the things.
 In fact, Funnel Hacking Live for launching the CRM features and a bunch of other really cool things that are insane.
 But other things like HubSpot can't even do a basic funnel, which drives me crazy.
 So you Shopify, which also doesn't do a funnel.
 So it's just like, you know, he had no, no funnel, no orderform bump, no upsell, no downsell, no, no nothing.
 It was just by the three books, it was there.
 Again, I understand Alex isn't trying to monetize the thing.
 So I feel you're given for that.
 But for any of you guys who watched that, like, you know, if you saw 150,000 copies of the book,
 his average cart value should have been, I don't know, on a book launch like that, average cart value probably looking 70 to 80 bucks.
 So it done correctly, 100,000 copies of the book times 70 books.
 I put some math on that.
 Okay, I'm doing math.
 Let's see, just 100,000 copies of the book.
 Times, let's say $70 cart value, which I think is low, I think you got a lot higher.
 That's $7 million.
 Like, instead of using Shopify and HubSpot to glue together something, if you just want to put that funnel inside a click funnel that would have been $7 million net in your pocket.
 Day number one.
 I don't know.
 So I feel like that was a $7 million mistake in this book launch.
 I think he made a lot more of the other stuff to get his models on to make money on the info.
 So I understand that.
 But it hurt my heart seeing no upsells or downsells or order for a bump.
 No two-step order forms.
 No, like all the things we know that drive a book and sell a crap ton copies of the book were implemented.
 So that could, again, that hurt my heart a little bit.
 But other than that, as a whole, that our home owns the launch is awesome.
 So I love them.
 I'm grateful for them.
 I love watching them.
 I think there's a lot of really cool innovative things he was doing in the whole process.
 And he gave me some more ideas for our book launch.
 So my book launch, well, my big, we launched a book recently.
 You guys probably saw a lynch pin book.
 It was just selling like crazy.
 It's one of our highest converting funnels right now, which is exciting.
 But I have my next big, big book launch in about a year from now.
 So I'm taking close notes, all these kind of things.
 And I'm excited.
 You guys will see what my version looks like here in about a year from now, a little over a year from now.
 For our big book launch, I think it's going to be a lot of fun.
 So thank you, Alex, for doing the launch.
 Thank you for showing us some new innovative ideas.
 Thank you guys for listening.
 Hopefully you got some ideas from it.
 And just the biggest thing is make sure you use ClickFunnels.
 Don't miss out on $7 million in pure, unadulterated free profit that is yours just for the taking, just by just structuring things correctly.
 So that's all I say.
 That's all I say.
 That's all I only hope for you guys.
 You got nothing else from it.
 Also focusing on community over info and all the other things.
 So I hope that helps.
 I appreciate all the things for listening.
 And that said, I will talk to you guys on another episode very, very soon here on the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Thanks everybody.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
