 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody?
 This is Russell.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 I'm doing a short version today because I'm in my car now and I'm not driving so
 don't worry, no one can stress out to yell at me.
 But I just have some top of my mind and most of my podcast now have been more formal.
 We have filming in people and it's a big thing and
 I just want to talk to you guys real quick because I'm excited about something top of
 my mind and I want to share with you because I think it's important.
 And so anyway, I'm sure I'm going to get some people to disagree with this one.
 That's okay, I don't mind.
 But what I want to talk about is the power and
 importance of being a centric, of being obsessive, of like going crazy on things.
 I think that we are in such a world right now where everybody in this world is dabbling.
 We're a bunch of dabblers.
 We dabbler in this, we dabbler in that, we dabbler in that.
 And I look at my life and I look at the things that I've been successful with.
 And none of them came from dabbling.
 They came from me being obsessive compulsive.
 They came with me being a centric.
 It's funny, I never thought I was a centric until I don't know,
 a year or so ago, Dan Usher on my team said something about like,
 about me being a centric.
 I'm like, what are you talking about?
 I'm not centric.
 He's like, looks at me like, are you serious?
 He's like, think about it.
 He's like, look at your wrestling room.
 Look at your, how many books you bought this year?
 Look at all the things and I was like, I guess I am sometimes.
 And today I was thinking about that because it's a couple of things.
 Number one, I think it makes life more, more fun, more alive, more like,
 I don't know how to explain it other than that.
 I think about things in my life like wrestling.
 When I found out wrestling, I started doing it.
 It wasn't like, oh, I'm going to go rest and practice every single day.
 I was like, OK, I like this.
 Therefore, I will try to become the greatest who's ever done this.
 And I killed myself.
 It was morning practice, night practice, practice after practice.
 My friends got in my house and we'd wrestle on the back deck.
 We were lifting weights.
 We were running.
 We were thinking about it became an obsession.
 Everything I thought about, everything I dreamt about,
 that's what it was.
 And because of that, I became successful.
 And I never hit the goals I wanted to.
 I wanted to be national champ.
 I wanted to be an Olympian.
 I wanted these things.
 I didn't.
 But it got me really, really far.
 I was a state champ.
 Second place in the nation.
 It was an all-American.
 Went into college.
 I did well.
 Didn't reach my goals in college.
 But my obsession, being a centric,
 not just being like, oh, I'm going to be a wrestler.
 But like, no, I'm going to be obsessed with this.
 This is my life.
 This is what I'm going to be doing.
 I'm going to eat, sleep, drink, breathing.
 That obsession is what made me great.
 I look at my business, too.
 I've been in this business now 20 years.
 20 years ago is when I started playing this game.
 And back 20 years ago, there were a lot of people who
 were better than me in this game.
 Way better.
 We were all doing together.
 And they all had more success than me.
 I literally was one of the smallest guys, the least success.
 But the difference between me and the rest of them,
 because the rest of them aren't around anymore, just so you
 know, is obsession.
 They did it because they made money.
 They didn't do it because they were obsessed with it.
 I'm obsessed with the art.
 I'm obsessed with the understanding of this whole thing.
 I'd go to seminars and studies, everyone's from stage,
 speaking and selling what they were doing and how they're
 doing it.
 I've funnel hacked thousands of funnels.
 I was looking at upsells and downs,
 I was in copying.
 What they were doing, I'd get ads and reverse engineering
 things.
 I became obsessed with it, right?
 The point where some people probably say it's unhealthy,
 right?
 I'm kind of eccentric, but man, because of that obsession
 for an extended period of time, I became really good at the art,
 right?
 The craft.
 And I was able to teach the art,
 made that help other people.
 And even like, you know, again, 20 years doing this,
 I look at how many spikes.
 Even people like when Clickphones first came out,
 I brought it to the world and they
 and I helped them.
 They grew big, huge companies.
 A lot of them already sold.
 Their Exeter ended or like 30 out already.
 And we've only been around for three or four or five or 10
 years, right?
 But I'm still here every single day.
 Why?
 Because obsession, passion.
 Like, I love this stuff every single day.
 About two years ago is when I started collecting old books,
 right?
 And most people go and collect an old book and we go one or two
 and that's kind of where the hobby ends, right?
 But for me, apparently I was centric.
 An obsession.
 As of, man, as of a month ago, I'd
 bought in over 5,000 books in the last two years.
 But then I just acquired--
 and I'll talk about this later.
 I can't tell you how these are.
 I just acquired somebody's library that literally just
 doubled it.
 So I have twice that many books now.
 So in the last two years, we're like close to 10,000 books.
 These aren't just like, oh, books on Amazon.
 These are old, rare.
 First edition, first, like--
 You're in the car right now.
 Or you're listening to the podcast.
 You can't see it.
 I'm holding it.
 Here's manuscripts of a book that Napoleon Hill wrote that
 never went live.
 It's called The Secrets of Master Salesmanship.
 Like, I've got the documents.
 Like, the original-- it cost me insane amounts of money
 for these things.
 But I'm obsessed, right?
 And you'd be like, well, this obsession is going to make
 you bankrupt, Russell.
 But I'm also obsessed with the business.
 So I know exactly how this is going to turn into a huge revenue
 business.
 In fact, I love it because in two years from now, you guys
 are going to be like, oh, I knew Russell was doing it.
 It makes total sense.
 Like, yeah, of course.
 Yeah, this-- yes, of course that's what he did.
 This makes total sense.
 But right now, you all think I'm a little crazy.
 When I started wrestling, I was just obsessed.
 Every time I was a little bit crazy, right?
 And then boom, state champ, second place in the nation,
 all American, right?
 When I started my business, people are like, you were crazy.
 Why are you doing this obsession?
 I remember on a wrestling trip.
 I was on a wrestling trip.
 And we had like a 12-hour van right up
 to this wrestling tournament and a 12-hour back.
 So 24 hours in a van.
 And before I left, I had found a whole bunch of tele seminars.
 This is how far back it was.
 I was arm and mooring, interviewing people
 on how to start businesses.
 So I took all his tele seminars, burned them on CDs.
 And I brought me this huge case of CDs.
 And I sat in the back of the van,
 listening to these CDs for 12 hours there, 12 hours back,
 all these people talking about how to make money
 and what they were doing.
 And one of my friends, his wife is kind of the same industry
 as us, but he came up to me.
 And he's like, man, when you-- we were the long van rides,
 everybody's sleeping, listening to music, looking back.
 And you got this like, something you're listening to,
 your eyes are wide open, and you're so excited.
 He's like, we all thought you were going to kill us.
 Like, we all thought you were going to be the psychopath
 murder, because you were so excited to never sleeping.
 And he's like, I didn't realize you were like,
 learning how to start a business, how to make money.
 I was like, yeah.
 And so again, people think you're crazy until you execute.
 Right now, I can't tell you how many of my staff,
 even my business partners, are just like, right?
 I heard him much from one time.
 Should we get help for him?
 Or is he need help?
 Like, this is getting crazy, kind of obsessive compulsive.
 Like, what does it make any sense?
 But two years from now, they're going to be like, oh, yeah.
 This is the vision.
 Like Russell had it forever.
 But in the moment, they think you're crazy.
 Right?
 And think about the people that are greatest in anything
 to do.
 Like, in the moment, when they're not good and they're
 best obsessed, everyone thinks, oh, this person's crazy.
 So I help you for him.
 This is not going to be good.
 Like, this can't end well.
 Like, all the different things that come with that.
 But where does greatness come from?
 Greatest comes on the backside of that obsession.
 The backside of being eccentric about something.
 I think that one of the biggest services
 you can do for yourself, for your mission,
 for the thing you're supposed to be doing,
 your calling, whatever you want to call it,
 is you're not obsessed enough.
 You're not eccentric enough.
 Like, you're just kind of dabbling.
 You're doing the least or like the least viable.
 Like, I haven't been in this game for money for a long time,
 right?
 And so like, most people are in it for money.
 And so they work to the least common denominator.
 So they make X amount of money that I'm done.
 I'm going to stop trying.
 I'm going to whatever.
 And for me, it's never been that.
 But I've never been maximizing it for money.
 I've been maximizing it for different things, right?
 Maximizing it for the art.
 For me, I'm an artist, right?
 This is my art that--
 and wrestling is the first art I had.
 And business is my second art.
 Entrepreneurship is my second art.
 Now I'm moving into this personal development in books.
 And this is my third art.
 And it's like a massive obsession with it.
 And I think for most people, like, we
 don't become obsessed because we're like--
 the world doesn't appreciate that.
 People look at you like you're crazy, right?
 But I would almost argue and put out there the fact
 that if they aren't looking at you like you're crazy,
 then I don't know if you're going to have the capacity
 you're going to need to actually be successful.
 At least not to the level where you're
 going to be able to really have the impact that you want.
 So anyway, I know these are random rants
 and ramblings of maybe of a crazy man.
 And I understand that.
 And I'm OK with that.
 Because even when all is said and done,
 like if this whole book project fails and makes me $0,
 then I lose tens of millions in the process,
 which is totally likely to happen or totally not likely.
 But possible it could happen.
 It's given my life color, right?
 Like it's given me a texture and excitement and passion
 and how it stimulates my brain and my mind and my--
 all those things make it worth it, right?
 Wrestling, I never hit my goals.
 But the pursuit of it was everything, right?
 The pursuit of my goals, the pursuit of being a national champ,
 pursuit of those kind of things, even though I didn't ever hit it,
 is what made my life have color, right?
 It's the reason why I look back on my high school
 and my college career as the most magical thing ever, right?
 I want to write books about it just for myself
 to remember what I experienced on a time.
 Like starting my business, growing click phones,
 like all the chaos, pre-click phones,
 trying to figure this stuff out and having success and failing
 and losing everything and the ups and the downs of that.
 Yeah, it was crazy.
 It was hard.
 It was horrible.
 But man, it gave my life color and contrast
 and excitement and all those things.
 And so anyway, I guess I'm here to tell you,
 you have my permission to be a little eccentric,
 to be a lot of centric.
 You have my permission to do some crazy things.
 You have my permission to do things
 that the rest of the world, the rest of the world,
 you do not think are normal.
 And I think you're crazy to even attempt.
 But man, if you don't, then you're living in black and white.
 You're missing the purpose.
 You're missing, like, what could be.
 And I don't want anybody to guys miss it.
 So anyway, there you go.
 There's your permission.
 Be low crazy.
 Be low eccentric.
 I promise you I could hurt you.
 Well, it might a little bit.
 But sometimes that pain is what, again, gives life meaning.
 So I hope this helps you guys.
 I appreciate you all.
 Thanks for listening to the podcast.
 If you enjoyed this or any of this,
 please let me know.
 I look at those comments.
 When you take a screenshot of your podcast
 and you post on social media, you're like, thank you, Russell.
 That was awesome.
 Or whatever.
 I see those when you tag me.
 And I mean the world remains.
 So please keep doing that.
 I love it.
 Also, we have a Q&A line, which I've
 been doing more Q&A's.
 You've seen if you go to marketingseeker.com,
 you can go to the Q&A line.
 And this year's going to be crazy, guys.
 If you watch what I'm doing over the next six to 12 months--
 anyway, I'm going to write books about someday.
 But make sure you're paying attention.
 We're doing some cool, fun, crazy, insane stuff.
 All right, with that said, peace.
 I'm in back the office to go read some old books.
 That's what crazy people do.
 All right.
 Love you guys.
 Appreciate you all.
 And we'll talk soon.
 Bye.
 ♪ ♪
