 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host Russell Brunson.
 All right.
 What's up everybody?
 This is Russell.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 This is episode three of three.
 I'm posting three episodes this week because I'm so excited.
 I'm assuming that this is probably going to lie on Friday, which means the event is over.
 But if you go to secretsofsuccess.com/atlas, I'll try to put a replay of it there.
 But that is basically me telling the story.
 Again, I haven't done it live yet at the time of recording this, but I'll have told you
 as the story down the manuscripts, the books.
 I'm going to show you these videos of me inside of the green screen room where I'm digitally
 put inside the library, walking around, showing you the vision of what's happening in the
 event center, all that kind of stuff.
 It's so cool.
 I guess most of the seats are probably sold out at this point.
 This is when your last chance to get a seat license from me.
 But again, go to secretsofsuccess.com/atlas.
 This episode, I want to do one last cool thing.
 Basically, I have a lot of you guys who are messaging me about the pitch in Mexico asking
 if they could see the video.
 Obviously, I don't have the video here, but I have the audio.
 What I'm going to do is I'm going to show you guys I'm going to play the audio of that
 presentation.
 I wish you could all see the visuals are amazing.
 You see the B-roll and all that kind of stuff.
 The audio you get most of the story from the audio as well.
 I'm going to put in the audio of the presentation and be doing a million dollar pitch.
 Hopefully it serves a couple of things.
 One, hopefully it'll help you guys to see what it looks like to create a million dollar
 offer.
 Two, hopefully it'll help you guys with your storytelling.
 How to Russell's tell a story to raise a million dollars.
 What did that story look like?
 How does it sound?
 Things like that.
 Then, lastly, for those of you guys who are doing a good fit, hopefully you come and
 take me up on the opportunity to be an investor inside of the museum, maybe one of our sea
 license holders.
 Then worst case scenario, in August when we launched the Secrets of Success officially,
 I hope you guys all enjoyed this inside the members area to see the magic of and cook
 it up for you all.
 It's going to be fun.
 I'm going to play that right now.
 This is actually going to be the audio of the entire session in Mexico.
 You're going to hear me setting it up for, again, I'm in a room with Intercircle and
 2CCX.
 I'm going to be setting it up, explaining the video.
 I'll play the video you can hear it and then come back and give the offer.
 I was so awkward on the offer because I was, if you've ever been telling the story before,
 I was mapping it out behind stage while the video was playing.
 Forgive me for any awkwardness in my voice.
 It was excitement and nerves and anxiety and all the things.
 If nothing else, hopefully it gives you guys a glimpse at taking a crazy shot.
 I was so scared.
 I put it in rejects.
 I mean, if they all get angry, what if they leave, what if, what if.
 But we just did it and it was awesome.
 Anyway, it's about 30 minutes long, I think, between me and showing it, the video and the
 me explaining at the end, the order links that I mentioned, I think, are still there.
 I believe in that if you're interested in getting a C license, I think that'll take
 you that page or redirect to the right page.
 Anyway, with that said, I'm going to cube the video, the audio from the video of the
 million dollar offer.
 I hope you guys enjoy it.
 I appreciate you all.
 And someday, I cannot wait to show you the final version of this vision I've been creating.
 It's exciting and I think it's going to change the world.
 So it makes your help of being part of it.
 And now we're going to give it all a say.
 Bye, bye.
 So I got one last fun thing I want to do with you guys, if you're cool with that.
 You guys cool with something different?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I love like talking about sales and persuasion and storytelling, all these kind of things
 we're talking about today.
 How many of you guys like seeing it in action?
 Okay.
 I remember one time, one of our very first Inner Circle Ignite events, way back in the
 day when I was teaching the Perfect Webinar, a lot of people still didn't believe me it
 was.
 We didn't event like this.
 And actually on the computer, I did a perfect webinar live in front of everybody.
 And it was like the coolest thing and people got to see the actual thing happen in real
 life.
 And so I'm not doing that today because the internet's not good enough to do live webinar
 for the next 90 minutes.
 But that would be really fun.
 Maybe we'll get it again in the future.
 But I wanted to show you guys a video.
 I showed it to my Atlas group, yes, two days ago, which was fun.
 And there's kind of two purposes for this.
 Number one, there are four or five people in this room that want to make a million dollar
 offer too.
 So for you, this video is me pitching you.
 For everyone else's video to watch me pitch a million dollar offer.
 How does that make you feel?
 Uncomfortable, excited, all the things, because it makes me feel uncomfortable and excited
 and all the things.
 And so that's kind of the game plan for the next 20 minutes, the 20 minute video I want
 to show you guys.
 It also is going to be showing you guys kind of what I'm working on behind the scenes.
 I think for all of us, there's a time in our life where we feel like we've been called
 to do something.
 How many of you have felt that before in your lives?
 I think most of you guys have it's why you're here.
 Remember the very first time I felt called on something in my life was when I started
 wrestling.
 That was the first thing, it was the first like heroes journey I went on.
 I was like, I'm going to become a wrestler.
 I want to be a state champ.
 And I worked and spent a decade in my life pursuing that mission and that goal.
 And like, it was the greatest time in my life.
 When that goal started coming to an end and that journey was done about the time in my
 life.
 And that was my next mission.
 Like, I want to get married and I want to have a family and kids.
 And that's been the last 21 years now in my life.
 It's been on that journey.
 Shortly afterwards when I felt the call to like adventure for becoming an entrepreneur
 and that journey which has been now two decades in it and it's been the right of my life.
 I've been having so much fun with it.
 In fact, tomorrow night, my minute master I'm talking a lot about heroes journey and I
 think hopefully you guys will enjoy that.
 But a couple of years ago I was in Fiji with Tony Robbins and he was probably selling
 a YouTube video and he asked me.
 He was like, you were to sell click phones, what would you do next?
 And I was like, I don't know, I have nothing else to do.
 This is what I do.
 And he got me thinking, what is the next thing?
 What's the next, like, what is next for me?
 I don't even know.
 And it took me four or five years and then slowly over time pieces started showing up
 and things started happening.
 And you guys have probably seen glimpses of it.
 If you follow me on Instagram, you've probably seen that I bought a couple of old books.
 I think in the last two years, close to eight or nine thousand now.
 And most of the things I'm a little crazy or unstable or what is Russell doing.
 But there's a vision and a method to the madness.
 And so this video is also going to show you guys what I'm doing and why I'm doing it
 and where I'm trying to go and where I think the next two decades of my life is going to
 be in the pursuit of, which I'm really excited for.
 So hopefully this video will help you from, like, seeing my vision where I'm trying to
 do, hopefully it inspires some of you guys.
 It'll show you, you have a chance to see me pitching a million dollar offer, which will
 be crazy.
 And for a few of you guys, it might be a good offer.
 And for the rest of you guys, hopefully you learn from watching the process as well.
 That sounds like fun.
 Okay, so I'm going to watch this video.
 It's about 20 minutes long and I'll come back on stage and we'll go from there.
 So ready, go.
 What's up Inner Circle, Atlas category Kings, also 2CCX.
 And everyone here at Mastermind Paradise, I want to make you a very special video today
 because today I want to make you a million dollar offer.
 Before I tell you what that is, I want to give you some context and tell you a story.
 So as you know, you've been hearing me talk about this thing and I'm building a voice
 and he's a Russell guy.
 He keeps buying all his old books and he's freaking out about it.
 Now I'm building a library.
 I'm building a library.
 I know you guys know I'm building a 20,000 square foot library/museum for all my books.
 In the last 24 months, I've bought and probably 8 or 9,000 books now.
 Spent over 8 figures on old first-session books.
 You probably think in like either Russell's crazy, I'll raise a vision of something really
 cool.
 And so I want to tell you the vision.
 As I was going through all of the Napoleon Hill stuff, right?
 In fact, these are some first edition manuscripts that are sent by the Napoleon Hill Foundation.
 They sent me manuscripts from books that haven't been published yet.
 It's amazing as out winning the Devil is in the Napoleon Hill Road and another book called
 It Winning the Beast that nobody's seen.
 I have manuscripts in my hand.
 Then I've been going through all these things.
 It's fascinating.
 One of the things that Napoleon Hill tried to do.
 From the very beginning, he had a vision.
 He wanted to create a school for success.
 He knew that he was going to go and interview all of the most successful people on the planet.
 He was going to write this philosophy and he spent 20 years doing that and then he wrote
 the Law of Success.
 And the Law of Success was a hit.
 As the money started coming in, his first thing was to do is I'm going to go establish
 a school for success.
 He bought this huge land and a house on it is going to be building out of school.
 His whole vision for what he was going to create.
 It was amazing.
 It was the very first place, like a college that you could go to where you're not going
 to learn the stupid things that actually matter, but you learn true success principles
 to create the next generation of wealthy people in the world.
 He was so excited for it and then shortly after he bought the estate and everything he
 had the vision was going to create.
 The tremendous crowds which you see gathered outside the stock exchange are due to the
 greatest crash in the history of the historic stock exchange in market prices.
 That's when there was the Depression and ended up losing the home, losing the land, losing
 everything and the vision was put on hold.
 He literally worked with the President of the United States trying to solve the Depression.
 In fact, he was one that gave Franklin D. Roosevelt the quote.
 The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
 It was changed people out of the Depression and started bringing back prosperity.
 Then it shortly afterwards when he wrote the book Thinking for Rich, which was written at
 the end of the Depression to help give people faith and help me wrote this book and it took
 off and it blew up and then he decided I'm going to go build a school success and he
 started working towards that again and then next trial and life hit and he lost it all
 and he wasn't able to.
 He fast-forwarded the rest of his life.
 He kept trying to go back to that goal, kept trying to go back to it and eventually he
 retired.
 A little while later he met W. Clem and Stone, who was someone who had read the book Thinking
 for Rich and built one of the largest insurance companies on the planet based on the principles.
 This is W. Clem and Stone saying, "I feel healthy.
 I feel happy.
 I feel terrific."
 W. Clem and Stone and Point Hill partnered together, got a Point Hill out of retirement
 and then they started a company together teaching these philosophies again and sure enough
 right away in Point Hill was like, "How do we build this into a school?
 Maybe it's a franchise, maybe it's schools all over the world."
 He kept trying to pursue this vision but never happened.
 A couple of years ago when I started, this idea I started buying these old books and
 we bought the land to build the museum and the events center on and all these things
 started happening.
 At first the vision wasn't super clear but I did know something related to that.
 The problem though with any type of school, it's like a physical school, people have
 to come to the place, they've come to Boise, go to physical school, have to go to Ohio
 or wherever the school's at, to go and attend it which limits you by geography.
 In regions, so many things and if you really want to change the world, you can't create
 a school, it's just in one spot.
 You have to create a school that's everywhere.
 And so, what you imagine, it's the year 3000 and somebody says they want to enroll in
 a success school and so they enroll and what happens, they get a box in the mail, they
 open it up and there's these amazing VR goggles.
 You put them into VR goggles and then you put them on, instantly it's transformed into
 an actual location of Boise, Idaho where there's this huge events center and there's a museum
 and it walks in the front door and it walks around and sees all of the first edition books,
 all the greatest minds of our time and they can walk over and literally grab the book
 and start flipping through it and reading these books digitally.
 And they walk to the events center and they see these amazing events, they see the stage
 and they sit down in one of the seats and they pull out the equivalent of a TV guide
 and they're like, "Oh my gosh, did you realize that Tony Robbins spoke here before he passed
 away?"
 I want to watch that presentation and they click a button and in real time pops up and
 you see Tony Robbins in 3D in that events that are giving a 3D event on his philosophy
 in life.
 And then he has to sit there and watch this thing and then he can look at the person
 who's left and right of him and who's watching the same thing and have conversations and
 dialogues, go in the other room and have mashed my meetings and do this all virtually
 and take the glasses off and that was one day in school.
 You know, we're lucky that all of us here have benefited from the works of amazing people
 who came before us, right?
 We're able to like Tony Robbins say take a decade of someone's life, someone's going
 to the year of the life trying to figure out, hell, their relationships or how to grow a
 business or whatever it is, right?
 They spend all the time trying to learn and see and then they write a book and they leave
 it behind.
 The book is their legacy, it's their gift to us from everything they learned during their
 entire life.
 And that's what we are creating is we're creating something where all the greatest thought leaders
 of our time have a chance to leave the legacy behind for the future.
 And so that's what I'm creating.
 I know it's kind of crazy.
 The investment so far on my side has been insane just acquiring the books and the original
 manuscripts and all these things.
 A lot of my missions obviously is helping you as entrepreneurs and most of you guys are
 the people who someday should be presenting in this library, sharing your philosophies
 on life, on health, on relationships, on whatever it is that you are the best in the world
 and that's what this event center is created for us, for our people, for the 1% crazy who
 are craziness think they can change the world because as you know and I know we're the only
 ones that actually can.
 And so that's kind of the vision of what's happening.
 Now I want to take you guys inside the library to kind of show you what it looks like.
 I keep calling the library, it's closer to a museum and an event center but I want to
 transform you guys and show you inside so you can see what we're building.
 You look at now after three years of dreaming and visualizing working with architects to
 build out all the plans, the event center, it's a 20,000 square foot building.
 Half of the building is a library slash museum holding the most rare first-edition books
 and manuscripts from all the greatest thought leaders of all time and the other side is
 an actual event room where we can stand on stage, we can present, we can teach, we can
 train, we can capture all the ideas that are worth capturing and hearing about.
 It's really a spot for people to come, to have a chance to get away from the world and
 to think and to share and to talk and to be around people who are like them, think like
 them, act like them so that our visions can grow even bigger.
 So I want to walk you through some of the cool things that you'll find when you walk
 through the doors of very first time.
 One of my favorite things is this statue set that I had commissioned.
 So these are like a resin right now but I painted them to look like, you know, what
 they might look like in a patina.
 I just can't wait to have those at full scale and looking up at it.
 It's gonna be, you know, you'll be like this tall.
 He's a feet tall.
 But that's gonna be awesome.
 When I was first thinking about some brainstorming, I read the book Out of the Shrugged and it
 talks all about the producers, the prime movers, the entrepreneurs, the world.
 They're the ones who are literally carrying the entire weight of the world on the shoulders.
 And it talks about what happens when society gets to the point where the government and
 outside things can so much pressure that it's no longer worth it for Alice to continue to
 hold the world up, right?
 Really stands up and he shrugs and walks away.
 And that's kind of what it says is this is Atlas Shrugging and the walking away from
 the world.
 And you look like this is the progression of what can happen to entrepreneurs, prime
 movers, and my goal in everything I do in my business, you notice from my books to the
 courses, the events, everything we do is all about supporting the prime move, supporting
 those who are holding the weight of the world on the shoulders because I don't want you
 to shrug and walk away.
 Your responsibility is great.
 The way you're changing your people's lives, I can't imagine what this world would be like
 without you.
 And so that's where this all symbolizes.
 We will have nine foot versions of Atlas.
 Only a six foot globe is a constant reminder of who this is for us for the prime movers
 that driven the people like you.
 After you pass the Atlas statues, then you'll have a chance to look in and see all the books.
 My goal, this was to try to find the history in these books, right?
 Again, manuscripts.
 Like this is the first edition manuscript, unpublished work by an employee who called
 the Secrets of Master's Fellowship.
 Like this is literally something he typed on his typewriter.
 It's all of the stuff.
 In fact, this is the first edition of his typewriter.
 I can think and grow rich.
 Outwing the devil, the books written on this actual typewriter.
 Those things are all in there.
 Dan Kennedy literally has signed in his will that when he or his fax machine dies, we'll
 have Dan Kennedy's actual fax machine in there.
 Like, we're finding all the artifacts for business for success or personal development
 that mean a lot to us as the prime movers.
 All the first editions, like the pre-first edition of Law of Success were three years
 before the actual Law of Success was published.
 And there's only two known copies in the world, and only one that's signed, and we have it.
 It'll be in the library.
 So much of what is published out is that seminars and events and books is a regurgitation from
 this person or if this person, this person, all the way down to like someone's quoting
 something from Sage DeRoth and Instagram posts and acting like they made it up.
 This is coming back to the beginning.
 People actually discovered this and how do they find that?
 What are they thinking?
 Like that's what this is all about.
 Instead of playing phone booths and learning from the influencers, 30 levels deep is learning
 from the foundation, from the source of where these ideas first came from.
 Like imagine coming here and spending a week in the library and reading from these manuscripts.
 It's insane.
 It's magical.
 It's just even being in this room for me.
 It's spiritual.
 It feels, ah, there's a weird energy when you're here because you're just like, wow,
 these are, you know, this is life works of some of the greatest minds of our time who transform
 the world, who opened up the ability for us to do all the things we do today.
 We knew that as we were building this, it couldn't just be a normal room.
 We knew some really cool things.
 People in the center of the museum, when you walk in, there's a button you can push and
 the floor actually will open up and reveal a spiral stairway that you can walk down.
 And as you walk down, some of the most rare books will be down there, protected by, ah,
 from humidity and from heat and from everything down there.
 And as you walk the bottom, the spiral staircase will be one chair.
 And there'll only be one person allowed a time there to go and have complete solitude.
 You know, Superman would go and he'd have his fortress to solitude where he could study
 and he could learn he could be by himself.
 And this is that for the prime movers.
 When you have a chance to come, you could have a chance to be in there with your thoughts
 with the greatest works of our time.
 And so that's what's happening right in the middle of the museum.
 Come on now.
 So cool.
 And then the third thing is obviously everything happening in the museum is what was left behind
 by the greatest minds who came before us.
 And the events center now is about capturing the minds we have today.
 The reasons why I want this museum to have these amazing things is I want it to be able
 to track the greatest minds of our time.
 You know, Tony Robbins or Jordan Peterson or Michael Jordan or Oprah or something and say,
 "How did you come see the archives of the greatest success works ever created?"
 And get them to come in to see these things.
 And after they're there, put them on stage and have a chance to capture their philosophy
 on life and success and personal development and things that change their life as well.
 And when we capture them, I don't want to just capture this in my video.
 Like, how many videos are on YouTube?
 Like, I want to make something special.
 The technology will be equipped in this room with it.
 We'll be able to capture everything in 3D.
 So that way in 2000 years from now, when somebody in Africa or Australia decides to sign
 up for our school success and they put on the VR goggles, they will see an experience,
 Tony Robbins, the way that we all have a chance to experience live in person 3D real.
 We don't want this to be another video on YouTube.
 We want this to be an experience.
 Because, you know, like going to an event and having that experience can change your
 life.
 You can get value from other ways, but man, there's nothing like experiencing that live.
 And so the entire event center, it's going to be a spot to capture people as real life
 as possible so we can extend them their life and their legacy for forever.
 All right, that brings us down to step number 3.
 As you know, there's a hook, there's a story, and I've got to make you an offer.
 I do this knowing full well that for most of you guys, this offer is not something that's
 going to be a good fit for you.
 But I do know that for some of you guys, this is the thing you're looking for.
 It's the reason why I've gone on the pursuit of this.
 Like, the question I keep asking myself is how do I live forever?
 How do I extend my legacy?
 I can spend so much time and energy.
 I don't want when I end it, the work ends as well.
 I know that most of you guys who are here, the reason why you keep doing this is because
 you love what you do.
 This is a mission impact thing for you.
 And I've seen so many authors who had such a great legacy and as soon as they passed away,
 it ended.
 There's very few authors who have outlived their lifespan.
 And somebody asked me in one of my outlets, he said, "Why are you doing this?
 What is your purpose?"
 And I said, "The reason why, because I realize that if I can extend the life of these authors,
 then the vehicle I have to create to do that will extend my life as well."
 For some of you guys who see the vision that I do, you want to extend your life and your
 legacy forever, I want to give you an opportunity.
 It's a rare opportunity.
 It's only going to be here once and then it will be gone forever.
 But it's an opportunity for you to become a founding member in the vision of what we're
 creating and by doing so, extend your legacy into the future forever as well.
 So what does that look like?
 Well, as I was thinking through this and researching it, Kevin Richards on my team told me a story
 about when the Rams were building their football stadium, they needed to raise a billion dollars.
 Now, how are we going to raise a billion dollars to do this?
 All the Rams and the Chargers are ready to start selling their premium seats at their
 new stadium in England.
 The majority of its seats, if not all, will require a personal seat license or PSL.
 Kevin was one of thousands and thousands of people who went and they pre-bought a seat
 inside the stadium.
 And the way it works is anytime there's any event happening in the stadium, he owns those
 seats.
 So he has first rider refusal.
 So he's still has to buy tickets in the event.
 He doesn't get the seats for free, but he has the first right to buy the ticket.
 To sit in his seats.
 If Bernie Spears is coming in town, he gets a message a week earlier saying, hey, Bernie
 Spears is coming.
 You want to reserve your seats?
 If he says yes, he gets first rider refusal on those seats.
 If he says no, then the seats go to the open market and they sell him to somebody else.
 But he is first rider refusal to those seats for as long as he holds that seat license.
 He's been $50,000 for those two seats.
 And they did that the entire stadium and raised over a billion dollars to build the stadium.
 As I look at that model, I realize that that's something similar to what I want to do here.
 At the event center, there are a little over 100 seats.
 And obviously there's front row, which is way better than the second row, which is way
 better than the third row.
 What I want to offer you guys is the ability to buy a seat license where you would own
 the rights to that seat.
 You still have to buy tickets to the events that are happening.
 You would have first rider refusal every single time.
 So for example, if we have a Tony Robbins event, Tony's coming for three days to teach
 his philosophy on success, you would have the first rider refusal to buy that seat.
 You buy the seat, you show up, and that is your seat.
 And if you don't want to take that seat, you can sell it to somebody else.
 Or if you just leave it alone, then we could sell it on the open market.
 That would be your seat.
 You get a first rider refusal for any event.
 Again, my goal is to be in the greatest minds of all time.
 So that means bringing Tony, bringing Oprah, bringing Jordan Peterson, bringing Michael
 Jordan, bringing all the greatest minds in personal development success in every genre.
 I want to bring those people to have them present, which means you'd have first rider
 refusal for any of those events.
 You would have that for every single thing that's happening here inside of the actual
 event center.
 So I wanted to make sure that this offers you, despite the fact that you're getting your
 own seat with your name on it, anyone who comes will see like, this is that person's
 seat, like they'll know it's yours.
 On top of that, I was like, how do I make this so this offers completely irresistible?
 So it's not just costing you money, but it's free or it's better than free.
 And so inside of this, I wanted to build something that I think for some of you guys,
 this alone will make you as much or more money than your actual businesses today.
 Every single license that somebody has inside of this, it's going to come a virtual seat
 license.
 What does that mean?
 Which row your seat is, you may have 10, 20 or 30 virtual licenses to any of the events
 that are happening.
 So that means as you can tell your entire community, like, hey, I'm going to go here
 Michael Jordan for three days, teach his philosophy on success in life.
 I've got 30 tickets where you can watch streaming with me.
 And then we're going to do a Mastermind afterwards and go deep, or whatever it is, right?
 You can sell those tickets.
 You can sell those tickets for 10, 20, 30 grand apiece.
 It's significant, especially when you figure out for one event.
 And if we're doing an event every week or every other week or however often we're doing
 those, and every single time you can sell access to those, that benefit alone, I want
 you to understand like if we do 20 events over the year and you sell tickets to all
 20 of those events to your people or just, you get your highest level Mastermind members
 to stick longer because of these amazing things you're giving them, you should be able to
 recoup your entire investment year number one.
 And then after that, every event we do afterwards is just pure profit in your pocket.
 Not any of the costs or the stress or anything.
 That's one way that's become better than free for you.
 The second way, and this is depending on where you are, which row your seat is.
 Listen to available for all the seats, but for those of you who are in the front row,
 you will also have a chance to do your three day event here at the actual event center.
 Now that means a couple of things.
 Number one, to your event means you will have the ability to sell access to your people
 to your event.
 Okay.
 So my guess is for most of you guys, you'll make at least a million dollars just having
 people coming to experience you teaching yourself live.
 Okay.
 So that alone will get completely covered in the investment of the seat.
 But number two, and this is what I think is even more important, is it will be filming
 it in our events and with all the 3D cameras and everything.
 And what will happen at the end is what it's done is you will be part of the events center.
 Your teaching, your philosophy, everything you shared on stage will be there.
 That means again, in 3000 years from now when the kid from Argentina pulls out a TV guide
 and he's like looking Tony Robbins and sees your name and clicks a button and boom, you're
 there teaching him live, even though you've been passed for so long.
 My goal with this is to make it better than free, but more so is to extend you and your
 legacy for forever.
 Those are some of the benefits.
 There's more.
 And I'll talk about that probably in a presentation of some slides or somewhere and creating it
 for these authors who have passed on have created it for me.
 You'll extend my legacy and creating it for you because I believe in what you guys are
 doing.
 I believe in your message.
 I believe in your mission.
 The reason why I kill myself every single day still is because I know that you have the
 ability to change people's lives if you can get your message out to the world.
 It's why we build ClickFunnels for our right books, it's why we do all these things.
 But what about in 100 years from now or 500 years from now?
 Like I don't want that legacy to end when you end, right?
 You putting the time, the effort, like there are people who are coming in the future who
 need what you have to say.
 And if we don't figure out ways to extend your legacy, then it could be gone forever.
 And so I want to invite you to become one of our founding members.
 There's no hard pitch.
 If you're interested in something like this, let me know.
 There's only 100 seats in the entire event center as a whole.
 And we're only selling licenses the first two or three rows.
 And so if you think that's something that would make sense for you, the million dollar
 investment doesn't scare you to death.
 You realize and you know exactly how you can sell access to the seats.
 You know that your two or three day event will completely make the money back.
 If you know this is something that's going to be easier than free for you, then come
 and let me know.
 Text me, box me, run up to me.
 The seats are going to be very, very limited.
 When we get back from the Mashman Paradise, I'll be making this presentation to other
 friends.
 People who are here in the room of the state, but people like Tony Robbins, like Dean, like
 a lot of the other great thought leaders of our time about making personal presentations
 to them as well.
 So if you want the ability to have your day next to theirs and to mine and to these other
 authors in the library as one of our founding members, please let me know.
 I hope you enjoyed this presentation.
 I hope you've enjoyed everything you learned so far.
 And if nothing else, hopefully get a chance to see how to pitch and prepare a million
 dollar offer and hopefully help you in your offers in the future.
 Thanks so much, you guys.
 I cannot wait to help you extend your legacy forever.
 So that's what I'm working on behind the scenes for last little bit.
 Anyway, we're going to break lunches a second, but really quick, just for those who are
 interested, I'm going to break down what this looks like real quick.
 He has cool with that.
 Probably spend five minutes.
 But anyway, this is one of those things like when you create, you know, you go in like
 creation mode and everything's private and you're in your head and you're doing stuff.
 You're like, what is he working on?
 And then you make it public.
 It's like the scary thing where it's like, oh, anyway, so for me, I'm like sweating back
 there nervous and excited and all the things, but this was what's happening and we're creating
 and it's happening no matter what.
 And so hopefully some of you guys should are able to be part of it.
 It'd be really, really fun.
 So what I'm going to do is kind of show you, I showed this again to the Atlas group the
 other day and then they had a bunch of questions and they asked me how to make the offer better
 and all sorts of stuff.
 And so I'm going to go really quickly on a high level of an offer.
 Those who are interested in it, there's a place you can put a seat deposit in and then
 that will break the lunch and we'll be done for the day.
 And then so that's kind of game plan.
 So I don't have a clicker so my team's going to have to throw it up there.
 So this is what it looks like inside as they're working on it.
 These are the seats.
 And so we're going to have the VIP section in the front, kind of the general section in
 the back.
 And so I'm going to walk through with the offers.
 There's offers for the VIP and there's offers for the general session.
 So the VIP group, the first thing we're going to do when I pitched it to the Atlas group
 three days ago and four or five of them have committed to it already which is exciting,
 I told them they're just going to get a seat.
 But I decided for me to raise money and eat to finish the building and get the other collections
 I'm trying to acquire, there's actually a ability where I can give each person two seats.
 Oh, Pedro's kind of excited.
 So what will happen is number one is, and be on a first come first or basis.
 So the first three rows, the first person get picked what two seats they want, second
 person second and kind of go through there until they're filled.
 So you get two seats that way.
 The biggest complaint was just like, I don't want to go by myself to these crazy events.
 I want to go with one of my friends or my spouse or my someone.
 So instead of making them, everyone paid $2 million, I thought this would be easier.
 So that's number one which I'm excited for, the two seats.
 And then for the general mission back in the back, and row four and beyond something that
 far back.
 But you also, if the event room is smaller than this, it's amazing, it's intimate, it's
 going to be really, really cool.
 But also for general mission, there will be two seats in the general mission section as
 well.
 Kind of the way we'll break down the pricing is the VIP package is what I told you it's
 1 million and the general mission is 100k.
 So that's the first piece of it.
 Oh wait, there's more.
 Number two is the virtual seats.
 Do you guys understand what I was trying to explain there?
 It's pretty cool, right?
 It gives you the, like, you have a mastermind group and you're like, hey, I've got X amount
 of virtual seats to Michael Jordan.
 I'm going to give you guys because you're my favorite people or you can sell them or
 upsell them or whatever you want to do with them.
 In fact, Bill Allen was like, I could take these seats and I could just sell them people
 right now to raise the money to pay for this.
 And then the seats are all free.
 So there's a lot of ways you could use those or leverage them and things like that.
 The basic thing we're going to do is for anybody who is a VIP, you have 40 virtual seats to
 be able to use that you want.
 Over here, the virtual seats, you will get 20 virtual seats if you are in the general
 side of it.
 Okay.
 [inaudible]
 Per event.
 Yeah.
 So each event is happening.
 You get the 40 seats.
 So yeah, I mean, I think a lot of people, like you can make, that could be a full-time
 business just like, hey, so-and-so is coming to the event center.
 I got 40 tickets.
 Let's auction them off and see how much money we can.
 Anyway, it'd be a lot of fun.
 Or again, you could sell one of these 40 seats you could sell that just to somebody.
 That becomes their seat forever.
 And they pay you 100 grand for that and you get 10 of those and now it's free.
 I want to try to figure out how to make this as free as possible for all of you guys.
 So that's number two.
 Number three, you guys see the Atlas statues?
 So there's the nine-foot Atlas going to be holding the way the world on the shoulder.
 How many guys, when you see that, it's like, you feel that.
 Like that's a, and so we've been commissioning smaller ones.
 I have an eight-inch one in my office, you've seen an eight-inch holding a six-inch globe.
 So anyone who gets the general admission, you will get one Atlas statue, the eight-inch
 one.
 A friend who is over here, we have an 18-inch one and we have a 30-inch one, which you can
 pick because I don't think my wife will let me put a 30-inch one in my house, but it's
 really, really cool.
 But if she will agree to it, you should do that or you can do the other one.
 So you can pick which one you want.
 So either the 18-inch or the 30-inch or you can get eight-inch ones as well, but you get
 the cool Atlas statue.
 Everyone's been begging me to buy these for me because they keep seeing them and I'm not
 selling them anymore.
 So this will be kind of a thing that you guys get as well.
 The next thing, and this is something I didn't tell the Atlas members, but I think it'd be
 really, really cool.
 Because one big question is like, well, how do we make money with this now?
 I don't want to wait two years to get money back.
 Like, what's the biggest thing?
 And so I'm going to do something really cool.
 If anyone who invests right here, we're going to be doing probably, I don't know the details
 perfectly, but probably two events.
 One of them is going to be, anyone who comes here will fly to Boise and we will help you,
 not teach you, but we will literally build your linchpin for you.
 So we'll build your membership site and your MIF key.
 That'll be the first event.
 And you'll go home and you'll launch it and hopefully get all your money back.
 And then the next time you come out and work on either the challenge webinar or high ticket
 funnel, it'll be a group thing.
 So the group of these people, which will give you a chance to network everyone before
 the building's done, but it'll be done for you or me and my team are building out that.
 So probably two and maybe three events depending on what it takes about happening here.
 So if you want Russell and his team to help you build your thing out, that's the only
 way.
 And number two over here is those who are here will have a chance to watch it and stream
 it.
 And so you can see what we're doing in real time, but obviously this is more done with
 you.
 This is done for you.
 The next thing is Brad told me, like, this is awesome, Russell, but what happens if I
 give you a million dollars?
 And next week you get hit by a bus.
 I was like, I don't think the bus could stop me.
 I would just stop it in the tracks.
 And I need to believe me.
 So he said what we can do is actually write a 20 million dollar insurance policy on your
 head and have all the owners here be the beneficiaries so that if I get hit by a bus
 in the next five years, the only thing to stop in this thing is if I'm out here.
 And that way what will happen is then you get your money back from there, which is nice.
 And it would last for our camera we talked about.
 These are details on the spreadsheet.
 I don't know.
 You'd have that insurance policy in place until everything was live and working and
 everything was cranking.
 That point would revert back to my family.
 So that's kind of how that would work to make sure that there's no loss if I'm not
 here because as long as I'm here it's going to happen.
 And the other cool thing, oh, so insurance, whatever that is.
 And then the last cool thing, open there as well, is the grand opening week when we do
 this, I'm going to have the greatest speakers in the world there.
 And you guys will have a chance to be there for the whole grand opening week.
 Which is going to be me hanging out to you guys telling you the stories of all the books,
 the manuscripts, you'll be able to hold them and read them.
 This is something that will probably never happen again because everything else will
 be under glass.
 It'll be some cool things.
 I got the actual manuscript from out winning the devil they gave me.
 There's a new book, a new book that Napoleon Hill wrote called Outwitting the Beast that
 nobody's ever read before.
 And I have the manuscripts of that.
 And things like that you guys have a chance to actually come and see him and hold him
 and read him and we'll be there for a week.
 We have some crazy speakers will come in.
 It'll be a really private, really intimate, really amazing kind of launch party that we'll
 do with just those who are part of it.
 So that's kind of the game plan.
 Again, for a lot of you guys it's not going to make sense for some of you guys I think
 would be really, really cool.
 I'm planning on making this offer on pitch.
 In fact, next week we're flying out to where they filmed the Mandalorian in the green
 screen room.
 I'm filming an entire video of me in the library walking around and like showing a
 hey Tony I think the seat would look really good for you.
 And like stuff like that.
 It's going to be nuts.
 So that's what's happening next week but I wanted to make this offer for any of you
 guys here because obviously you're my people and I'd love to have any of you guys who
 are able to be there for this whole thing and it'd be awesome.
 So that's kind of the game plan.
 I think there's a late URL if anyone interested basically if you're interested just so we know
 that you're actually interested and I know how many seats we have or don't have.
 If you put it, if you're coming to this level there's a spot you can put a $10,000 deposit
 in that means you're hidden for here and over here there's a spot for $2,000 deposit
 in.
 And what's cool is I don't need all this money right now either.
 This is paid out over two years and so basically what happened is when we get back there'll
 be four, this amount will be broken up into four payments over two years.
 So you have time.
 You have time to find a partner and say, "Hey, I want the thing but I don't want to pay
 a million dollars."
 So you pay half, I pay half and we got this thing and then we're going to sell these
 seats and now it's free for all of us and you got time to go through that.
 So this is where you'd go to lock in your seats if you want them and then again the
 first payment would be 25% of this would be coming out next month and then every six
 months until we're done and then the party happens and then at that point, oh and there's
 one other thing I forgot for the VIPs you guys have a chance to do your own live event.
 I mentioned that as well.
 So in the event center where you can sell tickets and you can do stuff and this can
 be a spot where now you're also in 3D live forever.
 So that's the game plan.
 If you guys are interested again, there's the order form secret success.com/legacy and
 hopefully that was fun for you guys.
 That was fun for me.
 Thanks you guys and have a great time at lunch.
 Thanks everybody.
 [MUSIC]
