 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everyone?
 This is Russell.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 Today's episode is gonna be a little different.
 And I'm nervous about bringing this idea to you because I think
 Mosia is gonna hear this idea and be like, yeah sure,
 like of course Russell makes total sense.
 I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no, like, if you respond that way,
 then you missed it.
 And so I'm trying to figure out how to pre-frame this.
 So you will freak out when you hear it the same way that I'm freaking out about it.
 Because this is like one of the biggest insights I've had this year for sure.
 And probably over the last, I don't know, outside of funnels,
 this might be the greatest, most exciting thing that I've stumbled upon in a long time.
 And it's not something new, that's what's hard because I'm gonna tell you,
 you're like, yeah, of course.
 And I'm like, no, but it's looking at it differently, right?
 And when I looked at this differently,
 also I had the epiphany, I was like, my gosh, this is huge.
 And so there's some of the caveat.
 I'm also nervous because, again, of all the people, I've studied everything.
 As the chief funnel hacker of the planet Earth,
 I've bought everyone's course in every market, like real estate stocks,
 trading weight loss, I buy them all because I want to see what people are doing.
 So I've gone through every product, every course, every training.
 I listen to podcasts in 50 different verticals.
 And so it's hard to get new things past me at this point.
 I consume voraciously.
 I don't think there's many people who have their hands on the pulse of this market like I do.
 Because I'm obsessed with it.
 I love it. It's my art. It's my passion. It's everything, right?
 And so that's why when I tell you this thing, I want you to understand,
 I missed it for decades, two decades now I've missed this opportunity.
 And it wasn't until just recently the light bulb went off I had, and I get it.
 And I'm investing insane amounts of time, energy, money into it
 because I see the opportunity now.
 And so I'm going to tell you what it is.
 You're going to hear it and you're going to blow it off and then try to explain to you.
 And I want you just to sit back and listen enough to be like,
 "Oh my gosh."
 And as soon as you have that moment, then you got it.
 Until you have that moment, just keep re-listening this episode until you have it.
 So there you go. Okay.
 So here is the big secret.
 It's this little website that will change everything for you.
 And it's called YouTube.
 I know Russell. I know what YouTube is.
 I already have YouTube channel.
 I went to the webinars. I have to send the courses.
 I'm like, "No, so did I."
 Okay.
 So let me tell you how I had the Ahob.
 A lot of you guys know that I spend a million plus dollars a month,
 probably more than that at this point, driving traffic from Facebook,
 YouTube, Instagram, TikTok, Twitter, all of them.
 We're spending tons of money on every platform,
 driving people into our funnels.
 That's how we grow our companies all based on like,
 "We spend money. They send traffic and we make money."
 So what's powerful about YouTube is if you do it correctly,
 it's the opposite.
 Instead of you spending money and then sending you traffic,
 instead they give you money and they give you traffic.
 Okay. So let me explain like the Ahob when I had it.
 So I was in Mexico.
 We do our mastermind and paradise with all of our two CCX and their
 circle members.
 And I always bring a couple of people from the community to come up and speak.
 And this one, I want to invite somebody who I just got to know over the last
 couple of years.
 I'm Kathy Otter and Kathy lives here in Boise where we do.
 And she has a coupon link blog and she has a cookbook.
 And I knew that she had this funnel where she was selling cookbooks through
 and stuff like that.
 But I also knew like her primary traffic source was YouTube.
 And so I asked her, I'm like, "Hey, you know, a lot of people in our
 audience love to use YouTube. Can you come and share what you're doing?"
 And I want to get into like my 500 caveats because I don't want you to miss this.
 Like I've done YouTube before.
 I've had five or six channels.
 Like where my channel's got a quarter million followers.
 We've got the big play button, right?
 We've had videos to get millions of views.
 And so like, and so with that said, I still missed it.
 Okay. I guarantee this, some of you guys who are selling courses on YouTube and you still
 missed it.
 And so anyway, there's another caveat.
 So there's like 500 caveats on this one just to make sure you don't miss it.
 So Kathy got up.
 She gave her a presentation and she talked about how she had her YouTube channel.
 And she was doing what most of us do.
 And I went to random videos and then she decided to specialize in one thing.
 So she actually hid and got rid of a bunch of her videos,
 except for ones that were tied around air fryers.
 Again, she's in the coupon and cooking like that market, right?
 And so she started doing air fryer recipes.
 And so she made a video and she shared like, "Here's five things you're gonna make air fryer today."
 And then each week she made a new video.
 And she also, she, and she's smart.
 Like she didn't just like throw random videos up there, right?
 She was being strategic.
 She was falling.
 She was learning from different people.
 I know she went through Daryl Eves coaching program with Daryl's amazing.
 I'm talking about him towards the end here.
 But she started making these videos and doing it correctly.
 And she started showing what was happening.
 And this was crazy.
 She'd be like, "Here's this video I posted and it got X on our views.
 And this one and this one.
 This was the video.
 It went viral, right?
 It got 100,000 views or 500,000, whatever it was.
 And here's the next one.
 And then here's the channel started growing.
 She's showing this whole process, right?
 And again, this is her inner kitchen filming.
 This thing's her own camera.
 Like this is not like high production studios.
 So she started making these videos one a week,
 putting them out there.
 And then she showed them the thought, like how big the video,
 like each video, how big it was.
 And then she started showing like how much ad revenue she made for me.
 She made these videos.
 It was crazy.
 Like she showed one video and was like,
 "This video here made me $50,000 an ad revenue.
 This right here made me $85,000."
 And I'm like, "Wait, wait, wait, what?"
 I was like, "You posted the video and YouTube sent you like $50,000 or $80,000?"
 And that's when the wheel started going off my head.
 I'm like, "Oh my gosh.
 Instead of me spending money to get a million views,
 to make a really good video the correct way,
 they will send you a check and listen to traffic."
 So after Kathy's going through and showing video by video,
 like how much money each of these videos are making her,
 then she showed her funnel stats.
 So in the description of her video, she's like,
 "Oh, go over here and go get my cookbook."
 And she's selling thousands and thousands of copies of her cookbook
 through her funnel every single month.
 Okay?
 So not only is she getting paid to make these videos,
 she's getting all the traffic from YouTube to buy her cookbooks inside her funnel.
 Plus on top of that, she's other sponsors coming to her.
 I'm not allowed to divulge isn't my business,
 but there's people writing her seven figure checks to sponsor inside of her videos.
 Like it's crazy.
 And I was like, "Oh my gosh."
 Like I spent so much time like me gambling, me risking my money up front
 to get traffic, right?
 And then the traffic cost is going up and up and up and up.
 And like I'm doing that way.
 Well, also I'm like, "If I shift this around,
 what if I spent more time in like, and did YouTube right?"
 All right.
 What if instead of like,
 and right now I've got two or three different channels,
 they're doing all sorts of stuff like, "What if I did it right?
 What if I learned from the best?"
 Like, "How can I do it correctly the very first time?"
 And so I actually hired Derral Eaves.
 I paid him six figures.
 He came out for one day and like, "Russell, this is how you do it."
 And I obviously can't give you all the stuff he said.
 In fact, if you read his book, he's got a really good book.
 Go read the book.
 It's amazing.
 It'll give you like 99% of what you need.
 But anyway, so Derral came out and spent a day with us.
 And one like the big, hazy I had was like,
 if you look at YouTube, not just like,
 "Here's a channel, I'm gonna throw a bunch of videos on a spam."
 Like look at YouTube as like,
 as if you're going to Netflix and you're pitching a show.
 What would your show be about?
 Right?
 What's unique about?
 What's interesting?
 Why people come and watch it?
 Like you're pitching to Netflix that idea.
 And as soon as you get a show, I did this.
 Good enough people will pay you.
 Then you go back and you start creating that, right?
 And you create it where it's just like a show.
 It's going to be consistent.
 Like the same thing, same format, same style, same thumbnail, some.
 Where it's like a show, not just like you and my YouTube channel.
 Now like it's great.
 We got 250,000 followers and there's a billion videos.
 They're all different.
 Just random crap or throw up there, right?
 None of my videos get more than 15, 20,000 views.
 They always kind of cap out there.
 And Derral's like,
 because they're all different topics.
 Like people come to YouTube, they're subscribing to a channel or a show.
 And they want it to be the same.
 So you better if you have like four different channels than just having one channel,
 like all this different garbage on it.
 And so we sat down and now we're building a show.
 And I'm going to be launching here in the next couple months.
 I don't know.
 But the goal of it is like, again,
 it's going to take a while to build up and to grow, do it correctly.
 But imagine this.
 Imagine like I create a video.
 Instead of me spending, you know, who knows,
 $100,000 in ads to promote a funnel.
 Imagine I go and I just create a really, really good video.
 I post it on YouTube.
 So may I spend 10 grand making a really,
 putting in the time and the effort to make a really good video?
 Posting on YouTube, YouTube, you know,
 because the video was thought through and we'd follow the algorithm and all things they want,
 it goes out there and gets millions of you.
 Try it.
 From that, I get to check for, I don't know how much.
 I don't know how it works.
 Let's say I get to check for 30 grand.
 I have three X amount of money.
 I mean 30, it's sending me spending 50, 60 grand.
 I made 30 grand, which covered my ad cost.
 And then I got a link in the description of my funnel
 and I go and I sell 300 copies of my book from that video.
 So I got paid 20 grand net profit to get 300 book buyers.
 Right?
 And then I got all the money from the book buyers.
 And then I do another video and another, and I keep doing that.
 And imagine how crazy it would be.
 So what I've been doing over the last little bit with my kids is,
 I want to see how these YouTubers are doing it, right?
 So I'm watching Mr. Beast.
 I'm watching Mark Rober and watching all these things.
 And you look at like Mr. Beast, like he'll spend, you know,
 10, 15, 20 million dollars to make a video.
 But then that video gets 400 million views and he gets to check for,
 who knows, 10, I don't know the numbers are, 10 million, right?
 So like, because he's spending a lot of money in production,
 like he gets that money back plus profit on top of it, right?
 Plus he gets all the traffic, plus he gets all the, like,
 it's just insane.
 And so for you and for me, if I was anybody right now,
 in fact, I spent time with my, with my nieces nephews
 that are family union this week, I'm like,
 you guys need to start a YouTube channel.
 So if you do this correctly, like you just for a year to year from now,
 you'll be insanely rich as teenagers, right?
 Um, and so anyway, this is the big aha I had.
 It's just like I was spending so much money to get traffic.
 Where if I just spent money creating really, really good videos,
 post them and I get paid from that and I get the traffic and you get the
 sponsorship and you get the branding and you get like all the things that come from that.
 Just a little flip and mindset.
 Okay.
 The key is I believe it's learning how to do it correctly.
 Um, now a couple of cool things are one, Kathy Otter is actually speaking
 at Funnel Hacking Live this year.
 I was like, you have to show this to everybody.
 I'm like, I'm freaking out about everyone's going to freak it out.
 So she's going to be at Funnel Hacking Live.
 So if you're not there yet, make sure you get your ticket and come to Funnel Hacking Live.
 Um, again, if you go to Funnel Hacking Live.com and get your tickets,
 but Kathy's going to show her whole process and then like, I don't even know what to say.
 You guys are going to freak out.
 Like I did.
 Um, so much so that I'm like, I'm like figuring out how can I cut out, you know,
 five hours or sorry, two hours a day.
 So, you know, 10 hours a week of my time to focus 100% on my YouTube channel.
 Like that's how valuable this is in my mind right now.
 Um, and then from that you get paid, right?
 Plus you get the trap, like you paid plus you try versus you pay and you get traffic.
 Now, so you paid and you get the traffic.
 Like it's just this little shift in mindset that I think is huge.
 Uh, it's funny because like I've never done sponsorships on my podcast in the past before either.
 Um, so my guy can make more money driving me with my funnels than, than, than other people should.
 But the reality is like, what if, what if I did start charging, you know,
 and I did start selling sponsorships on my podcast and let's say I was making 10 grand a month,
 50 grand a month or 100 grand a month.
 I don't know from sponsor to my podcast.
 I take 100 grand and I dump it into more ads to keep growing the podcast, right?
 Like there's just, I don't know, I've been so resistant to this forever
 than I am by getting it.
 Now a couple of YouTube hacks to know of.
 Uh, number two is if you have a number, whichever number, I don't even know anymore.
 Um, if you have, uh, if you're in YouTube ads on YouTube channel, that's actually not a good
 thing.
 You will not get organic reach.
 That's one of the biggest problems I have with my channel 250,000 followers is that we
 ran ads on there for a decade.
 And so because that YouTube's like, oh, they're gonna buy for, they're gonna buy ads therefore,
 do not, um, you know, don't, don't make these videos go by hell or whatever it is, right?
 You get less reach because of that.
 And so, um, and so we turn that off.
 It's hard to recover from that, right?
 Um, so that was a big one.
 So, um, with this new thing, we're launching a brand new channel.
 We're never gonna run ads on that channel.
 Uh, again, it's, it's a show.
 Like we're, we're pitching it as like, what would I, if I was gonna go to Netflix, what
 would I show look like?
 What would be interesting?
 Like what are the, what are the, how would I structure the videos?
 So it's watching a lot of videos.
 Like it's fighting, it's fighting a cou's doing something that's similar.
 Who's getting millions of views?
 Who's got big followers and subscribers?
 Like there's so many cool things.
 Um, that one you guys understand that.
 Again, I was, I don't know it all yet.
 I'm still learning it, but again, we paid Daryl six figures coming train me for a day
 on how our me and my team are gonna do it.
 So I'm excited to see the fruits of that.
 But for you guys, you should go get Daryl's book on YouTube.
 Go to, if you go to, um, the Amazon type and Daryl Eaves YouTube, uh, his book will pop up.
 And it's amazing.
 Go read it.
 It'll walk you through like 90% of what we're doing right now, um, with ours.
 And give you guys just all the shortcuts, but, um, it's big.
 It's worth, it's worth like stopping and thinking about it's worth funnel hacking,
 about channels, it's worth, um, thinking about like how could you create something really good?
 Um, not only to put 10 grand into a video, but you can make videos for less.
 But as you make the money and it comes in, like reinvest in good videos and
 revest, keep doing that because, um, you know, in five years now, if I can turn all my ads,
 you know, send me, send me spending a million dollars a month in ads.
 Instead of getting a check for a million dollars a month from my content.
 And I'm still getting the traffic like that's the aha.
 That's the shift in my head.
 It's why I think YouTube's better than all the other platforms.
 Like I have tons of engagement and viewers on Instagram.
 They don't give me any money.
 Same thing on Facebook, tons.
 I don't get any money.
 Um, podcast right now.
 Like there's tons of you guys listening every single week for six years, whatever,
 seven, eight years, 10 years, man over 10 years.
 I don't get paid for anything from that.
 If you go to my funnel, it's a buy stuff you do, but man, imagine if I got both.
 Imagine if I was getting a million dollars a month in ad revenue from YouTube and
 I got a million visitors a month.
 Now I, I'm not sure how much I'm allowed to say or not, but
 there's one YouTuber who, uh, we follow my kids and I follow and they hold on to videos.
 And, um, after two or three years of providing these really good videos, they did a product launch.
 And I saw the product launch.
 It was really good.
 My son and I bought the product and we love it.
 And it's one of Darryl's clients.
 I said, I said, how did that do?
 And he kind of laughed.
 Like, he's like, he killed him.
 Like, like, killed it.
 Like what?
 Like how much, how much, how much they make.
 And the product was a, it was a subscription.
 It was like 30 bucks a month.
 But you had to pay 300 dollars one time, right?
 And I'm not going to remember the number.
 But it was like, it was somewhere between like 30 and 40 million dollars they did from one video.
 Boom.
 That crazy.
 It wasn't a huge product launch campaign and emails and sequences and everything.
 He just had a really good, really good following.
 He made one video that pushed his new cognitive program once boom, 30, 40, 50 million, whatever it was.
 Crazy numbers, crazy numbers.
 Cause there's so much goodwill built up, so much, so much, um, value, so much excitement.
 And, um, it went off and came out and boom and exploded.
 Right.
 Maybe think, wait a minute, wait, three or four years, you paid?
 No, no, no.
 In the interim, he's going to pay millions of dollars a month from YouTube for creating these good videos.
 And then when he finally drops his offer, boom, it blows up.
 Um, so, yeah.
 Anyway, it's crazy.
 So hopefully I've sold you a lot, like, re-looking at YouTube, re-thinking through it.
 Um, again, and I think for a lot of you guys, it's like, do what I'm doing.
 Like I'm literally starting over from scratch.
 Um, I fought it forever.
 I'm like, I've spent so much time.
 I've got like eight million videos over here.
 I've got 250,000 followers.
 Like, uh, like, no.
 I'm just correctly.
 So if I do correctly in a year from now, it'll, it'll eclipse everything I'm dreamt of.
 Um, and so we're starting over.
 It'll come soon.
 You hear me talk about it, um, when it's live, I'm sure.
 Uh, but anyway, I think it's, it's one of the big opportunities.
 So, um, yeah, revisit YouTube.
 Think about it through that lens, um, of man, I'm a dedicated year to years in my life.
 Doing this correctly.
 Um, due to the way that Daryl teaches, just following that process, two a T.
 And, um, in two or three years now, you'll get more traffic.
 From that channel than you are from all your other advertising combined and they're paying you.
 They're paying you to advertise.
 That crazy.
 Remember one of the things I thought about before, I was like, don't put ads on my videos.
 Cause my competitors can put ads on the video.
 So I like turn all the ads off.
 Like, I don't know how many tens of millions of dollars I would have made from all of my YouTube views.
 But I turned ads off cause I didn't want anyone to advertise on my face.
 Like, no.
 Instead of letting me advertise on my face, I get checked for a million dollars each month.
 And I get a million visitors to my funnel.
 Like, come on, come on.
 It's insane.
 Anyway.
 All right.
 There you go.
 That's 15, almost 16 minutes of me convincing YouTube is the thing.
 It's worth reinvestigating, rethinking through.
 I'm putting the time and energy into it now cause I think it's that valuable and that important.
 And I think you should as well.
 Thanks again for listening.
 I appreciate you all.
 And if you don't want me to take a shit to funnel hacking live, come and get them.
 Kathy speaking, it's going to be amazing.
 When you buy a ticket, Daryl spoke last year.
 His presentation is in the members area.
 If you get it before the, um, we pull bonuses out every single week.
 So if you get your ticket before we pull out Daryl's presentations, his is in there.
 Which shows how he built the TV show that chosen.
 Into this massive company's house.
 A billion people view his videos.
 Just like T-shirt sells.
 A lot of things that he said at the event was like 50 or $50 million a year.
 Just in T-shirt sells from, from the chosen, right?
 This is all, it's a Daryl talked about funnel hacking live last year.
 So that's in the members area for you to get soon.
 But if you don't have me, go to funnel hacking live.com.
 Get your ticket.
 Kathy speaking, we're weaving this into a big part of the lunch bin.
 And I hope you guys understand the value and the power of it.
 So thanks so much for listening.
 And I'll see you guys all soon.
 Bye.
 Bye.
