 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 What's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 I'm excited to be hanging out with the S.A. and I've got some special guests here in
 the house that I will announce here in a minute.
 But I'm excited because we just got done with Inner Circle Week.
 And so the last four days I've been sitting in Mastermind meeting after Mastermind meeting
 after Mastermind meeting and I'm loving it.
 And so many good ideas and today's Friday and I'm just kind of relaxing today trying
 to like get my mind back.
 And I thought before it's all over, be fun to do a podcast, talking about Inner Circle.
 But at the same time I was like, I don't know what to talk about.
 There's so many things that happened and I don't even know the right way to do it.
 And so I brought two friends and guests to kind of come in here and have them.
 They were both the Inner Circle kind of behind the scenes running things around.
 And I wanted them to come and ask me questions and kind of figure out some behind the scenes
 for you guys to hear, which is kind of the game plan for today.
 And both of them also are recently in the last three days launched kind of a TV show for
 ClickFunnels, which is really exciting.
 And so I will introduce them here first.
 So the two guests here today, number one is Ben Moot, who's been here at ClickFunnels
 for ever, basically since day two, maybe day two.
 The minute you announced it, you're like, we're trying this in beta.
 I'm like, I'm breaking everyone.
 I loved it.
 And Ben helped us like when we first launched the very first certification program ever
 was there, and then he went on his own for a while, and then we brought him back.
 And anyway, he's been around forever.
 One of our die hard funnel hackers, if you cut him, he will bleed funnels, which is
 really, really cool.
 At least we were assuming.
 We could, we may try it before the episodes over, so just you're fully aware.
 And then our second guest, someone who I've just gotten her really well over the last
 couple of weeks, but I've been watching her for a long time, Susan Lenderson.
 And she's someone who actually shares a voice as well.
 She's a funnel builder.
 She runs an agency and there's a whole bunch of other cool stuff.
 And someone who I just had so much fun watching her and what she's been doing in the ClickFunnels
 community.
 And recently I asked both Ben and Susan if they'd be willing to kind of launch a behind the
 scenes TV show of all the chaos and the crazy things are happening consistently and constantly
 in the ClickFunnels community.
 And so it kicked off during Inner Circle.
 And it was fun.
 So the show is called Funnel Hacker TV.
 And if anyone wants to watch the episodes during it, because they literally in the middle
 inner circle, they went on stage and everyone was done and they started like talking about
 the big ahas and the takeaways they got, which was really cool.
 And then they did that both days.
 And what's the view count on both those?
 The view counts.
 So the first one has over 100,000 views.
 The second one.
 I thought it was like 25,000.
 No, it's over 100,000 views for the first one.
 That's amazing.
 The second one has over 50 now.
 Okay.
 So the show's a hit.
 It's officially most TV shows on TV don't get that many and you guys the first episodes
 which is crazy.
 So if you guys want to watch the past episodes, if you go to funnel hacker.tv, you can go
 and you can register, you can see the past episodes.
 But they were there behind the scenes doing that.
 And so actually maybe I'll flip it.
 Maybe I'll interview you guys for this part.
 Okay.
 Let's do this first off.
 So that was the first time either of you have been to an inner circle meeting, right?
 Yeah.
 So Susan, I'll ask you first.
 Is there one like, what did you think of it?
 Do you have to take away or something?
 It was just, I don't know.
 You've been obviously funnel hacking live and other things.
 Well, the format is totally different than any of the other things, right?
 Because it's the inner circle community sharing, like the GIFs and the asks was so awesome because
 we go to funnel hacking live.
 We hear from you.
 We hear from the people that you've selected to speak to us, go to 2CCX.
 Same deal.
 It's like a mini FHL.
 It's not the master writing paradise.
 And but inner circle, the two days, it was a little bit you, but it was mostly hearing
 from everyone else and breakout rooms and all.
 It was really awesome to hear what everyone else is doing.
 And one thing that stood out to me though is, and it was in Mexico, you said, you said,
 you love seeing people take your framework and then just like make it better, like expand
 on it.
 And that's what I feel like I was hearing from people as they were sharing was like,
 oh, they took like, I forgot who it was.
 Someone shared like that value elevator.
 I was like, oh, that's like, that's Russell's framework, but they like took a little bit
 of a spin on it.
 It was like, it was really awesome to see how everyone just takes it and runs with it.
 Yeah, I actually, I was in the bathroom and I overheard somebody talking, which was kind
 of something like trying to not make a noise.
 And they asked like, so you were master writing paradise versus this?
 What was the difference?
 And they said the master writing paradise, they felt like was very strategic.
 And here's a strategy, but like here, he's not expecting that, but instead like we're
 in these rooms and everyone sharing like the very specific tactics of how they're doing
 things and the tweaks and the changes.
 And he's like, it was not really expecting to be like, it's such a cool like ying yang
 of like Russell's land strategy.
 Here's all the individual tactics.
 And I never thought about that way before, but that's exactly what it is.
 Like of all the events, this one is the easiest for me because it's not me.
 It's like here's the community.
 Like all you guys go have fun and it's awesome.
 How have you been?
 What was your biggest?
 So did you feel bad at all?
 First off, like, is the person who's been like buying absolutely everything for the last
 like however, like, oh, he just came out with this.
 That's the only thing you haven't bought yet, right?
 No, I had not bought the inner circle.
 I had not joined the inner circle.
 I was like, crap.
 So I was like, I'm going to get there.
 I'm going to get there.
 And somebody asked like, I was like, do who wants to see behind the scenes in the inner circle?
 And they're like, Ben, you got in.
 I'm like, I got it behind the scenes, but it's really cool.
 And so I still want to buy it.
 I'll zip to money and type money, but there we go.
 So the cool thing was like being able, you've seen it.
 I've seen like snippets of it in different courses.
 And at one point, you're like, this is the behind the scenes in the last like four years
 when we actually did it when the mastermind launched.
 And it was being in the room, being able to see things.
 The number one thing that shocked me was how open you were about everything that we're
 trying.
 Like, there's like, oh, there's something we're not going to, that may not work, but
 we're trying this.
 We're doing this.
 You're like, you guys want to see this?
 And you just listed out like the seven things that we're going with.
 And I was like, yeah, the years I click phones, yeah, like this stuff we're actually doing
 Russell's actually like, he's actually like, we don't feel like he's going to work or
 not.
 He's not letting like, you don't keep secrets.
 You know, it's like, you're just letting all the good stuff out.
 And I'm like, holy cow, like he's letting everything go like the just the ideas.
 You're like, I just had this idea last week.
 This is how we're going to do it.
 And then you present in front of everybody.
 I'm like, I didn't think he was going to share that.
 But you're on the stage.
 And it's like, it's the group of people that you've always wanted to be around.
 I've heard that multiple times, but I've never been able to like feel the energy of the room
 when it's just that group.
 And so that was cool.
 It's, it's, we mentioned it, but it's like it's the movers in the shakers.
 It's the people who are driving and making a difference.
 And when they start to share those things, sometimes I was not expecting the amount of
 times people would say, you know what, this is going to get kind of spiritual, but this
 is how I keep balanced.
 And they talked about how they keep balanced or like psychology stuff.
 And just to be able to not go crazy as they do everything that they do.
 Then there were the other ones where it was like the elevator and it was, you know, this
 is how we do shorts.
 And this is the cool TikTok twist.
 And by the way, you should be doing putting this into all your programs because it's free
 money.
 It's like, what the?
 Oh, yeah.
 I was saying, like, there's so many like little nuggets that I'm like, God, like I would
 have paid to be here.
 Yes.
 A lot.
 And it, yeah, it's so cool.
 So do you just bounce it back?
 Do you ever watch those?
 Like, do you go back and watch them again?
 That's the reason why we instituted the whole best set.
 So the way it works for those who don't know is we come to a big, so about a hundred people
 in the inner circles, everyone comes together and usually I'll give a presentation.
 And like Ben said, this is not like formal presentations with Russell's bunch of slides.
 It's more like, all right, here's what I'm thinking about today.
 And it's, and it's a creative and it's funny because typically most people, the first
 meeting of our mastermind, they're confused and they don't like it because they've always
 come from a core space worker, said module and module two, module three, they show up
 and there's no modules.
 There's no nothing.
 It's just like, well, and the first time everyone gets overwhelmed and there's a whole
 bunch of ideas and they don't have to do and they leave and every single time.
 And then, and then the second time they come back, they're prepared for it.
 And they're like, oh, I'm not coming to like, learn step one, step two, step three.
 I'm like, I already have this, like, if I met this level, I already have the foundation
 of things in the business.
 I'm just looking for like little things I can take to amplify what I'm doing.
 And so the second time they're like, they get it and like, oh my gosh, this is so much
 better.
 But usually the first time it's overwhelming, which is kind of interesting.
 But I came with a question you asked.
 I'm just tired.
 How do you collect all the ideas from that?
 Oh, yeah.
 So, so what we do, so yeah, thank you.
 So I'll show them, I start in the beginning, I share a bunch of ideas and then the group
 breaks into four or five breakout groups, five breakout groups that are facilitated by
 facilitators are actually semi-categoric.
 So they're people who, you know, the meetings I actually facilitate, they're in those so
 they know how it works.
 And so then they facilitate a little group and then everyone, the way it works, everyone
 gets up and the first thing to do is they share something cool.
 It's working their business.
 This is like everyone, and everyone's trying to want up each other.
 So everyone's like, here's my idea.
 Where's my, and like, which just causes some competition, but it gives you the best ideas
 all rise to top.
 And then the second one, the second half of it is then like they ask like, I'm stuck
 with this or I'm frustrated here.
 I can't, you know, my kids driving me nuts.
 What do I do over here?
 You know, and they get kind of feedback from the group.
 And so I, you started bouncing room room trying to get, you know, if I want to miss anything.
 And so we started doing it as the best stuffs where when each session's over, they go through
 and there's one or two of like the best ones, we bring them on the main stage and have them
 share with everybody.
 And this year's best were amazing for me because like I've been stuck on like, like
 the strategy for our Facebook, like not the paid side of the organic side, but struggling
 with them.
 And one lady got up and she's like, this is how we're using fan pages and groups.
 And I was like freaking out.
 I'm like, oh, yeah, she's, she runs like, I can't remember having groups.
 And the amount of people in the groups are ridiculous.
 Oh, yeah.
 Like hundreds of thousands, hundreds of thousands, like multiple groups.
 And there are millions.
 Yeah.
 So like I was like, freaking about that.
 And then I came around all the things, thing, everything.
 And so that's my job is my best way to get that.
 And the modern areas work for me in this process.
 And so they, they all at the end of the day, like shoot me over like, oh, make sure to
 talk to so and so on.
 And this and then someone did this thing cool.
 So it's kind of like they're, they're grabbing best days and filtering back to me.
 And it's amazing.
 So yeah.
 Yeah.
 I thought that was really cool how, how it was set up that way because like, I, I, I, I
 just, we stayed in the, the main room.
 I was like, I wonder what we're missing in the other rooms.
 And, and yeah, it's being able to see what was the best, the one, I mean, I'm sure they
 were all awesome.
 But those like golden nugget ones like, I really take.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's awesome.
 My brain was so exhausted after all, all the days.
 It was like, Oh my gosh, so much information.
 You just, I was something else.
 Okay.
 So let's turn the tables in.
 And now you guys have kind of understand what inner circle looks like and what it was.
 I loved any questions that you guys want to ask me because again, I was trying to think
 like, what can I talk about a podcast?
 And I was just kind of like, you know, brain dead from the week.
 And I was like, I'm going to put it on you guys to, to be the, the host of this.
 So any questions you guys have about either what you experienced or questions specifically
 about things that were taught or anything.
 Yes.
 You, you are the voice of the community today for anything that you think the people want
 to know.
 I think this is true, but I'm not always sure in the mastermind group, everybody gets together.
 We all get started.
 You kick it off.
 So you kind of set the pace of this is the give and because you give so much, everyone
 has that reciprocity where they're willing to give their best.
 And they know what's not going to be stolen or taken.
 It's there's good will in that room.
 But do you always have us have a speaker on day one, like somebody that you bring in
 from the outside, like you guys are going to love this or is this something unique?
 Like with Michael Higg, this time.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So I was trying to bring in like something unique that's probably not going to happen
 in fun.
 Michael Higg is amazing.
 He teaches story like you work with Will Smith, all those crazy things.
 And so like, but it's like his, his, he's the longer form teacher.
 He's not probably like, you know, you got 20 minutes FHL.
 You got to light the room up of 5,000 people like it's not going to fit there.
 But but he's amazing in that thing, you know.
 So we had him when you read Sean way or last fun like I was Sean Wayland who literally flew
 in 30 minutes before in a helicopter because, you know, that's how he does things.
 And so he flew in and came and it was like that was amazing.
 We had Rachel Hollis one year.
 And so it's just kind of a pick, I pick people who their product kind of access to in a typical
 thing, people that aren't really speaking a lot of events, but like they're unique or
 like their brains fascinate me and people I want to learn from.
 And that's usually, but we always have somebody that comes to each one just because I want
 to give people that experience when they, you know, they come to the network, but it's
 like I got to hear so like there's something about that, you know, like I remember my when
 I went to Kennedy's events the very first time.
 I think the very first one I went to Kathy Ireland was the speaker.
 I just remember like telling my friends like I met Kathy Ireland, you know, I give such
 a dorky thing about so excited and Joan Rivers, I met her one time and I met like these different
 things.
 There's just something magical about that that that is unique.
 And I think so many of you are now able to say like I met the guy who worked on hitch
 and he worked on the story on this and like that's just the cool thing that I want to
 give people because yeah, it's just a different thing that they don't get anywhere else, you
 know.
 Myron Golden at one point said they're like, why did you buy XYZ and he's like, I bought
 it because I want the story.
 Yeah.
 It's like I paid this much for two seats.
 Like no one has a story like that to be able to create those stories for everybody.
 Like that's really cool.
 Yeah, for sure.
 I mean, you think about like I remember when I was getting this business like all those
 those things with those things I still remember, you know, like I may not remember all the
 presentations, all the events, all the stuff, but it's like, Oh, I do remember meeting Kathy
 Ireland.
 I do remember getting my picture of Dan Kennedy the first time.
 I do remember like those things are this, you know, home event horizons that you just
 that are there, you know, you never forget them.
 So what was it like having Michael Hagg back?
 Like was it 10 years ago?
 Yeah.
 Was the last time that he spoke in on up for it to your audience, right?
 Yeah, that was pretty click-fon.
 So audience was like 30 people.
 It wasn't like we have a lot of people.
 In fact, that's what I meant.
 Myron came to that event.
 Myron at it.
 So Deagan Smith, who's been he was a fellow rest.
 He wrestled the Duke.
 And so we met the first time at some seminar and he's like, I'm a wrestler too.
 So we kind of connected and Deagan loves story stuff.
 And I remember I was actually at a low point my business for us kind of just over it.
 You know, the cycles that we all go through cycles.
 So if you feel if you're bored or worn out sometime, it's okay.
 But I was like the bottom where I was just burned out.
 I hated the business I just wanted to run away and Deagan called me and started telling
 me all the stories that he was learning and kind of like re-inspired.
 And in fact, he really did the dedication and expert secrets to Deagan.
 And just because of that, he's the one that got like brought that to my mind.
 And so I remember he told me, you have to listen to this audio.
 And it was the heroes to journeys that Michael Hagen and Chris Vogler did.
 He's the captain listen to this.
 And so I listened to it.
 It's like a six hour long audio program.
 And that like got me into it.
 I was like, oh my gosh.
 And then at the time Deagan was playing this idea he made up called the Invisible Funnel.
 And so he's like, we should invent together and bring people out.
 And he's like, we should get either Christopher Vogler or Michael Hagen to come speak at it.
 And I'm like, they're like legit Hollywood people.
 There's no way we're going to get them to come to an event.
 And so he made some phone calls.
 And he got through Michael Hagen and invited him.
 And so that was 10 years ago.
 He came to that event in Baltimore with like 30 people in the room.
 And he taught then.
 It was my first introduction to like other than listening to an audio.
 And it was interesting because he didn't even know how to relate to our world.
 So he did this whole story thing.
 And then people then asked like, how's this work for marketers?
 He's like, I don't really know.
 And then-- so I was kind of stuck there.
 But that became like the premise for "Expert Secrets" later.
 It was like me trying to figure this out.
 Like, I had Michael's like outlines.
 And I had Christopher Vogler's outlines.
 I'm like, how do I tell a story based on these?
 And most things didn't work for a while.
 And then eventually after we--
 trying a million periscopes and Facebook lines and whatever.
 And then eventually it's like, I kind of figured out my version of it,
 which became the stories and "Expert Secrets."
 So that was the first time we met him.
 And then this time it was cool having him come back.
 Because in the last 10 years he learned about our world.
 And he got excited.
 And so he wrote a book even like how Markersky's story.
 And so this time was-- first time I've seen him teach his framework
 based on how we could actually use it, which was really cool.
 And that was fun.
 And then the second half though, when he went into the hero's inner journey,
 did you like that part?
 Yeah.
 So I was going to ask you like-- because you came back up on stage.
 And you're like, oh my gosh, I forgot how much deeper this goes.
 And he made the comment of, well, I didn't have this when you were learning from me,
 right?
 He made something to that effect.
 So I'm actually wondering, did you get any ideas?
 Or what were your thoughts when you were watching him talk about the inner journey?
 Well, it's fascinating because right now I'm trying to work on this book--
 or I don't know, I think it's a book.
 It's this project I'm trying to work on where it's--
 it's like personal development, but through the lens of the hero's journey.
 I'm really fascinated by how all the things sync up, what I'm trying to do.
 I've forgotten about mostly the inner journey stuff.
 And even how he described-- because I can't remember right now--
 that it's like the core wound.
 And from that wound, was the belief the next thing?
 Yes.
 But he said something.
 He's like, the belief that comes from the wound is always incorrect.
 But it seems-- how do you say it?
 It seems-- oh, it's logical.
 It's logical, but it's always incorrect.
 And I was like, oh my gosh, that's so fascinating.
 From there, that's what creates your identity.
 And it's not the way identity-- you guys think of it--
 identity is like a shield at how we protect ourselves.
 And identity is actually the thing that keeps us from your goal.
 And you have to shed the identity to get to the essence.
 And he's going through the whole thing.
 And I'm like, someone told me they came here after us.
 And they're like, I watched you watching Michael Hagen.
 You were freaking out.
 I'm like-- they say, I was so excited to watch how excited you were.
 But I was like, I was just looking through the whole thing.
 And I'm like, that's the journey we all go on.
 And anyway, that was just fun for me to kind of rehear again.
 And now I'm excited to go back to the film
 and just go re-watch that to understand it deeper.
 Because at 10 o'clock at night, you're trying to catch it all.
 But you're like, I don't understand at all.
 But I can feel something here that's different.
 That's really exciting.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it was awesome.
 Because obviously, Heroes 2 journeys includes a bit of that.
 But it was like, he took it three levels deeper.
 And it was-- and yeah, I can't wait
 to see what you come up with of how you come and present that.
 That was fascinating.
 That's what he's famous for is that inner journey that most people
 talk about.
 And it's the key.
 And it's fascinating to talk about,
 Hitch was the movie that Will Smith wrote based
 on his teachings.
 And he started referencing how the inner journey was happening
 with Hitch and they all had stuff.
 Anyway, yeah, so fascinating.
 And it's funny, because the way that he did it,
 he built his entire presentation as a movie.
 The very ending had to match the beginning.
 He had to come back and fill the open loop.
 And then he had to have an inner journey part of it.
 He's like, if you dare to ever look at this in your own life
 through this lens, let me just give you
 a couple of guiding principles.
 It was so brilliant.
 It was so much fun.
 So after Inner Circle, what happens next for you?
 What is your--
 obviously, the team grabs all the information.
 They put it somewhere so that way you can grab it.
 You've got all these insights.
 It takes a couple days to drill that down
 and decide what that is.
 How do you distill that into tasks
 that you send out to everybody?
 So I got two answers for that.
 One is probably the better one, which is--
 I remember Inner Circle Brandon and Kaylin Pullen,
 again, probably the best implementers
 have ever seen in our community.
 But Brandon, I remember, he'd sit in Inner Circle
 with his laptop open.
 He had a huge trellor board with all of his people, everything.
 And it's a good idea.
 He'd open up that trail card and task into the person boom,
 task in real time as all the ideas are flowing from the stage.
 He's tasking them all out.
 And by the time it was done, I remember, first I was in noise.
 I'm like, dude, pay attention to what people are saying.
 And he told me.
 He's like, no, this is my entire company.
 I read it, it comes in.
 It goes to somebody and has notes in there.
 And then I'll tell him, fall off the knee.
 If you need more clarity, but blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
 Here's a link to where to find this.
 He did all that.
 And so by time Inner Circle was done,
 he closed his laptop and he was like, I'm done.
 And he would just go home.
 So I wish I could do that.
 I don't do that.
 That was the best.
 That was amazing.
 So my version, which isn't quite as amazing.
 So I used to do this because I remember the first three
 or four events I went to back in the day.
 I'd go and take the year.
 Like, whoa, there's so much stuff.
 And you come home and you're like, I don't know what to start on.
 And you said it for three or four days.
 I'm trying to figure out what to start on.
 And then eventually it gets fuzzier in your head.
 And you start forgetting.
 And you can't remember.
 And then the next first fire comes up in your business.
 Next thing you actually-- and then three months later,
 or six months later, you go to extra vent.
 And you're like, I didn't implement a single thing.
 And I remember getting frustrated by that.
 So one thing I started doing is the flight home.
 I started using the flight home as my sacred time.
 Because there's no one sitting next.
 No one could talk to me.
 And I opened my notebook.
 And I would go through all my notes.
 And I would start circling the ones that were like the--
 not just like a good idea, but like actually do this
 because it'll turn into money fast, right?
 I would circle and circle them.
 And then I would look at the next things that were just like,
 these are cool ideas.
 Or this could be part of a book.
 Or this could be whatever.
 And I'd like highlight those differently.
 And I just kind of looked my notes that way.
 And that would help me to kind of review stuff, which
 helps you retain it obviously longer too.
 And then at the end, I would take a page and just be like,
 now if I'm going to do everything,
 if I don't do one thing from this whole experience,
 like what's the one nugget that actually is going to do
 something?
 And I would write that down.
 I was like, hey, that's the first thing.
 Monday morning, that's all I'm attacking.
 And then it's like, if I get that done,
 what would be the second thing?
 I go back through and like, that's
 probably the second and the best thing.
 And I would just make a list of hierarchy of what I actually
 want to implement from the thing.
 And then like, I'm home, I just started the first one.
 And that was the thing for me that made events.
 And honestly, events courses everything powerful.
 Because I've had people who come to--
 they come to Funnel Hiking Live.
 They've done, oh, I was wasting my time.
 I'm like, are you kidding me?
 Like, well, there's so much stuff I didn't want to do.
 And I'm like, well, now I go and I'll go sit for the four day
 event.
 And I'm like, I'm looking for one nugget.
 It's all I really need for this to be worthwhile, right?
 And it's like that one thing I-- that was it.
 Boom, I'm good to go.
 No one's seen you backstage.
 Like, you're taking notes.
 Like, you're listening.
 You're interested just as much as everybody else.
 Like, during this event, you were even in the back.
 And you had like a private screen.
 And you were taking notes.
 Watchin' all the stuff, yeah.
 You've like, I remember it mashed my paradise.
 Eric Bateman was on stage.
 And I was like looking at all the thing.
 And he got stage.
 I was like, all right.
 So when did we start?
 I'm hiring you.
 We're going to do this.
 Like, this is great.
 And 100%.
 Like, I'm the biggest geek in the room by far.
 So yeah.
 Some of the people who showed up for the category king one,
 and then were put into this one.
 Some of the people who showed up for the mastermind
 and paradise also became people who talk.
 Like, is this the process by which you find certain speakers
 for funnel hiking life?
 Because like, some people who are in category kings
 and even mastermind and paradise with Eric, they delivered.
 And they delivered so much value that everyone just
 starts to lean in.
 And you realize you're leaning in too.
 And it's like, yeah, that's definitely
 gone in funnel hiking life.
 Like, how do you--
 Well, it's definitely interesting,
 because people always ask me, how do I speak a funnel hiking
 life, right?
 Hey, when I speak a funnel hiking life, all these things.
 I was like, I've never seen you speak before.
 I have no idea if you're like, why do you pick your speakers?
 I'm like, dude, like funnel hiking life is 90%.
 Like, this is our people.
 The people are having success.
 And then people get frustrated.
 Like, I'm having success.
 Why don't you follow me?
 I'm like, I only see certain people.
 So like, so most of the speakers are people who either--
 in Alice, Carri-Rookings are in a circle.
 Because that's where I have a chance to see them.
 It seems interacting.
 It seems to present.
 It seems to speak.
 Like, all kind of stuff.
 And 100%.
 Like, you know, I think if you look at past FHLs,
 you notice that almost every speaker's from those groups.
 Even if they don't speak on stage at a mastermind paradise,
 like when I'm going from room to room, or everyone's like,
 I get all the people.
 When the rooms come back in, and people are like,
 oh my gosh, you see so and so sing?
 I'm like, no, let me--
 that's what I'm looking for.
 It's the ones that everyone's freaking out about.
 Because it's like, OK, that's the kind of thing
 that you want to FHL.
 It gives me the ability to curate the speeches that
 are going to be the ones that when something does come to FHL,
 you have an experience.
 You're just like, how do they do it every single year?
 It's better than last year.
 It's like, I have a whole year, Ron.
 I'm testing out everybody's presentation.
 It seems good.
 It seems not.
 I watch our community very, very close.
 People always laugh like, are you actually on social media?
 Are you watching?
 In fact, Preston--
 Karen's last time right now.
 But--
 Anderson?
 No.
 I'm trying to help.
 Yeah, but every morning, for some reason,
 like Facebook algorithm makes me love him for somebody.
 He's always the first post I ever see.
 So I was seeing--
 he just has the same something nice about us, or our community.
 Or something else.
 I always like it.
 And so I told him that.
 I told him that yesterday.
 I was like, hey man, just you know, every time
 I go up on Facebook, you're the first thing.
 He's like, so is that really you liking the comments?
 Every time.
 He's like, really?
 And I was like, yeah, the people I follow are like--
 the people in my circle at Alex, I'm watching whatever,
 just watching them, watching them, publishing them,
 watching the things.
 That's like if you look at my social following,
 like, why are you following this coupon?
 Or why are you following this so-and-so?
 Because they're in my groups.
 Like, I'm watching people are doing--
 because I'm trying to find, like, for me,
 what are the things I can start figuring out that are like,
 oh, that's how they're doing that.
 Like, you know, have them speak of things
 so I can see how they're actually doing, or whatever.
 Like, that's definitely the process.
 So anyone wants to learn to speak FHL?
 There it is.
 Like, join-- go to CCX, go to Comic Club, go to Comic Club
 or get into Inner Circle, and then share, like,
 create a give.
 And like, when everyone's talking about you,
 like, everyone in our staff will know who you are.
 Because, you know, anyway, so that's typically the process.
 That's awesome.
 Yeah, I mean, I look at people that have--
 that I know personally that have spoken to FHL,
 and it's fun to watch their journey and how that happened.
 I remember when--
 with Catherine Jones, when she actually--
 well, it's funny, because I knew on my side what happened.
 Then on her side, FHL, she told the story.
 And she's like, this is the day that Russell realized who I was.
 Just say he followed me Instagram.
 And then here, he was the first person
 to watch every story within a minute of me posting,
 or whatever, and it's for that.
 And then here's what we asked me, because, yeah,
 because I was aware of Russell following her,
 and I, like, fascinated about what she was doing.
 I was watching stuff, and paying attention.
 And it's like, oh, she'd be amazing to have it, you know?
 So anyway, I'm stalking you, but there's a chance.
 Kind of feel that way a little bit,
 not that I'm at all on the radar for that.
 But that's kind of how it felt like for me the last two weeks.
 I'm like, oh, this is the day that he said
 that he friend requested me.
 Oh, this is the day that he liked my post.
 And now you're here.
 And now I'm here.
 100% you went through it.
 So welcome to the-- welcome to the table.
 How did you discover?
 So I remember after I had gone and was building my own funnels,
 doing like Facebook lives, which you said,
 do a Facebook live every day.
 So I was publishing somewhere every single day.
 And I did one where I said, Russell Brunson fixed my webinar.
 It was the webinar we were doing, Ben Janki and I
 were doing a tried to sell, click, start.
 And you were watching it.
 And I was like, oh, my gosh, I wrestle.
 Like, I didn't even think that you were like, of course,
 I remember you.
 I was like, what?
 How often are you watching the community?
 Like, I don't think the community sometimes feels distant.
 They're like, you know, we don't get
 to see what's going on with Russell every day.
 I don't think anyone realizes how often you watch,
 because you knew about Susan.
 Same time I knew about Susan.
 Like, I saw Susan going live all the time.
 And I was like, this is awesome.
 You did the same thing.
 Like, how-- and why is Funnel Hacker TV a thing now?
 Yeah.
 It's a good question.
 I think, you know, if you look at how we book click funnels,
 like, obviously, there's software, but big, you know,
 I'm not a coder, so I can't participate in that.
 So for me, it was like, I want to build the best training,
 stuff like that.
 But then, about time to launch, click
 funnels when we launched the Inner Circle,
 and like, every three months, people come here.
 And like, me hearing every story is
 what shaped your circle, right?
 Because like, I hear from someone
 so they're frustrated, or they like this, or they figure out--
 they want to try this.
 And so like, I go back to Todd, and like, OK, this is what--
 like, this is like me having my pulse on the community.
 You seem to change, or tweak, or like, things like that.
 So that's kind of how it started.
 And then I started to try to like--
 obviously, I get to meet people here all the time,
 but it's like, next level out.
 And so for me, it was like following and just watching
 people, like, kind of seems happening,
 so I have a pulse on the community,
 so I can help try to dictate.
 I may have asked you three times, like, what would you do
 if you were a change as part of the app?
 What would you do over here?
 What would you do over here?
 You know, and it's hard because the community's so big
 that there's a million people who want to like complain
 or find about stuff.
 But it's like, I want to listen to people who actually
 have construction feedback, and all right, you know,
 want to make it better.
 And like, those kind of things are like,
 I'm doing those kind of things.
 But I think the other--
 and this comes back to like, why we're trying to just
 flannel hack or TV now, why I'm so excited by it--
 I think a couple years ago, when things were smaller,
 I was like broadcasting everything.
 I was going live a million times a day, and this and that.
 And so I think people saw what was happening in the communities.
 And it was great.
 But, you know, a decade of that's exhausting.
 You know, I've been doing-- I've been doing ClickFunnels.
 And I think this is our 10 year, right?
 Anyway, nine year, nine or 10.
 It's been a long, long time.
 And so it's just harder for me to like get excited.
 It's like, hey, I don't like it.
 But the stuff's still happening.
 Like, there's amazing things happening.
 I mean, holy cow, in the last--
 since it's fun, I can laugh till now.
 It's been like 20 events.
 Like, it's things that things are happening.
 And so I feel like a lot of our communities,
 they're like, well, I'm watching the community.
 The location is not always seeing all the cool stuff
 that's happening.
 And so Ben, like, I told you this.
 Like, my favorite thing back in the day,
 like, you know, we put on Funnalaki Mive.
 It's this crazy, huge show.
 And all these things are happening.
 And then night when I go back to my room,
 I sit back and just like, oh, try to like relax.
 And so I open up social.
 I'm like, I want to see people if they enjoy it or they didn't.
 And most people are partying and drinking or whatever.
 They have a post on social.
 But a few people aren't.
 And like, I really-- in fact, feeling it in Russell's good side.
 For a good funnalaki Mive, post things and tag me
 about how great you thought things were.
 Because I'm watching it all.
 I ruminate.
 That's why, like, at the end of an event,
 how I like kind of decompressed, it's just like trying to just
 feel like it was a good, it was not good what people were saying.
 And so I watch all the comments.
 And like, my favorite thing is like, every year,
 you'd be like, do you know what happened?
 Like, do you know Russell's doing this and this?
 And all these kind of things.
 And I joke with you.
 But like, this year was the first year
 that you were on staff behind the scenes.
 And every night, he never published.
 And I was like, this event sucks.
 No one's thinking.
 Talking about it where Ben's not even excited.
 They go.
 And then it's funny because the match of my paradise
 was the same thing.
 We do all these things.
 Then at night, I go home.
 And I'm like, looking and looking.
 And you kept posting, like your takeaway.
 So I watched everyone in your videos.
 And it was so much fun to be like, OK, like, we're doing the job.
 And like, and so for me, it was that.
 And I was like, how do we bring that to the entire community?
 Because like, if everyone knew like,
 the exciting things were happening, like, again,
 inter-circle just happened.
 And no, like, how do people in the room, you know,
 999,900 people are sitting home wondering what's happening.
 I have no idea what's happening in this room.
 Like, the world is changing in this room.
 Like, you know, and I can see it.
 I can feel it.
 And like, people in the room feel it.
 No one else even knows about it, right?
 Or Funnahake Live.
 The 5,000 people would have known it.
 No one else knows.
 And like, and so that was kind of where we started.
 I approached both of you guys independently.
 Like, we need to have something where everyone else can feel
 the energy that's happening.
 And I was like, there's so many things.
 There's events.
 Like, we're flying here.
 We're in Mexico.
 We're in like doing all these things.
 How do we bring that energy to everybody else?
 And so that was kind of the rebirth of this Funnahake
 or TV, which we did the first two episodes.
 This week, as you guys know.
 And I had no idea 100--
 OK, so you guys, 100 people were in Boise
 and they're circle experiencing it.
 And then because you guys came online, 100,000 people now
 were aware of it, which does a couple things.
 For those who have a business and you're
 trying to send somebody up to the value ladder,
 it makes them aware of the top of the value ladder.
 It's just cool, right?
 But number two, it's like, now it's like the energy.
 Like, oh, Russell--
 sometimes you're like, oh, Russell doesn't care about it.
 Russell's being sorry.
 And he's not talking enough.
 I'm not talking enough because I am working my butt off
 for all the people.
 You know, I've run literally 12 events in Seth H. L.
 Like, I'm not being quiet.
 It's just that I'm working with the people who
 are coming to--
 there's swimming towards us.
 Like, those are the ones I'm working with as fast as I can.
 And this gives people a glimpse of it, right?
 And so my goal with this is like, as you guys know,
 is like, all the events that are happening.
 It's like one of you or both of you
 or someone's at each of the events sharing
 like behind the scenes is what's happening
 and bringing the best nuggets back in so the community's
 aware and they can get pieces of the goal that's being dropped
 everywhere and then they can help them implement it.
 And so anyone who's listening to this who hasn't yet
 or if you're watching this on YouTube or whatever,
 if you want a funnel hacker.tv, you can register.
 And it's cool.
 I think all the past ones are archived there as well, right?
 So you can go see the two inner circle behind the scenes,
 which is cool because you guys literally--
 you watch all the stuff and you came back like,
 here's the best things we saw.
 Here's the best things like people get a free sneak peak
 behind the scenes.
 So how do you guys enjoy it so far?
 By the way.
 It's been fun so far, yeah.
 It's come more natural than I thought we found out.
 I guess just-- yeah.
 I just get to geek out.
 It came together so fast.
 This like Russell reaches out to me
 and he's like, when you do the staying and then the next day,
 I think Ben and I were meeting about like,
 OK, what is this going to look like?
 And then it's like, OK, where are you doing the first one
 next week?
 OK.
 There's another one tomorrow.
 It's the front one.
 And now it's the next day.
 He's kind of wasting his talk about it
 or coming to the office talk about it on a pipe test.
 Yeah, we've got three things in our room.
 Yeah.
 Well, in my world, hopefully I don't bring you guys to the house.
 It's awesome.
 No, but it's been so fun.
 And I think that it's going to be the thing that I've--
 I agree with you.
 I think it's been in the community as a whole.
 What's been missing a little bit is that link,
 that connection, because you can't do all the things, right?
 You can't be there every day like you used to.
 And so we'll just kind of step in and make sure
 that the community has a pulse on you and the ClickFunnels
 and the other marketing businesses
 in the circle.
 And yeah, I think it's going to be awesome.
 So we've streamed on--
 they're being streamed on the Russell Brunson page, right?
 And then also inside the ClickFunnels group.
 So that's the places that are happening live.
 You guys make sure you're watching them.
 But again, if you want to funnel hack our TV,
 you can register that.
 It gives you a text or an email before you start.
 And you see the replays.
 And then you want to talk about your other group as well,
 because you guys have a really cool group.
 For anyone who wants to geek out on ClickFunnels 2.0,
 here's your blatant pitch time to tell them that.
 And this group's amazing.
 He ever has to be part of it.
 Well, they start with the story, right?
 So funnel hacking 2021, funnel hacking live.
 2.0 is announced.
 And my partner, Andrea Pierre and I--
 and Dan was like-- he wasn't there live in person,
 but he was on the phone with us.
 And we were like relaying all the-- because he was watching
 it virtually that year.
 And we're like, we have to do something.
 We have to go.
 And we just-- we wanted to be in on all of it.
 We wanted to know what was happening.
 And so we started publishing every week from that point.
 And it hadn't even been released.
 It was like a whole another year, right?
 And we're like, OK, well, let's just talk about what
 we hope it to be and our predictions and like, oh,
 this is what it's like in classic.
 But here's what we hope to see into it.
 And it was just really fun.
 And then it gets released.
 Beta, just beta.
 So a couple of us get our hands on it.
 And we're like, OK, we start playing with it.
 And then it actually is launched last October, right?
 And so then our content shifted into like, OK, let's just help
 everyone learn how to use it.
 And now that it's out, it's been out, and people are using it.
 Now we've shifted a little bit more into like, OK, let's help
 everyone be able to take Lynchpin and get that into the tech.
 There's a bit of this gap.
 So yeah, our group is called CF 2.0 Geek Out.
 And we just-- we probably spend way more time than we should,
 giving a lot of content in the group.
 And it's just a lot of fun.
 Yeah.
 I love the group because it's just--
 it's been good for us too, because like, as Click
 Oh, this isn't right yet.
 We're hoping for this.
 And we're taking that, like, hey, how do we keep up with everything
 you guys are doing over there and try to make a perfect--
 my goal is that someday you'll be like, everything in here is flawless.
 We only use ClickFunnels for everything.
 So that's my number one goal in life now.
 That's amazing, because that's like our number one hope.
 We're like, we just want to be able--
 because we have this thing we call it.
 We call it the Geek Stack, because we were like, OK, because I mean, when it was beta,
 and then when it was first released, like, we only had funnel hubs, right?
 We couldn't even build funnels in it at first.
 And so we were like, OK, well, we have to obviously still continue using Classic.
 And so we're like, well, let's just tell everybody what we do use.
 What is our tech stack?
 And one of the other intentions of that is like everyone always is talking about,
 like, oh, I want an all-in-one platform.
 I want an all-in-one.
 And they go and use other ones, thinking it's all-in-one, and it really isn't.
 And so we're like, well, what would all-in-one look like?
 So yeah, our goal, our hope and dreams is that that stack shrinks.
 And we get down to just--
 Just click fun.
 Hopefully just one, right?
 That is the goal.
 You guys send me your tech stack so I can see that.
 And I'll make sure I find out to Atlanta in a week or two to go work with Todd and all the stuff.
 So that'd be cool to see.
 That's awesome.
 Well, thanks, guys, for first off saying yes to my idea of doing a TV show as often as possible
 into the group.
 I'm excited to see how it keeps growing.
 I still get 100,000 views on the first one.
 And it's organic.
 It's just took off.
 It's crazy because even my own shows don't-- when I go live, it doesn't do that well.
 So I'm pumped.
 Which is great for me.
 I'd rather you guys do 1,000 things.
 You guys better than me.
 It's even better.
 So thank you, guys, for doing that.
 And then also jumping on a podcast.
 And hopefully this gives everyone who's listening just kind of a behind-the-scenes peak
 of what's happening.
 If you guys want to make sure you are on the notification list, go to funnelhacker.tv.
 You can get signed up through email or through text message and every time they go live.
 You can get a message right before and you can jump on and see all the stuff.
 Or you can watch the past episodes.
 But they'll give you guys a good glimpse of all the chaos that's happening behind the
 scenes.
 Like we're moving faster.
 ClickFunnels.
 There's a lot of things happening.
 There's an event in this room that we're filming this in almost every single week.
 Last week we filmed the Lady Boss.
 We had the--
 Yes.
 And we're going to be like, we can spend a week in here.
 We relaunched Lady Boss with new front end challenge.
 She built-- it is insane.
 It's going to literally be the greatest front end funnel ever in network marketing history.
 I think that company will grow.
 I think it will be the fastest growing network market I've ever because of the funnel that
 Kaelin created and built and designed in film theory.
 And I was like, oh, just last week we did that.
 And then now we're on-- then we had Inner Circle week.
 And the next week there's just like so much stuff happening.
 And so yeah, this will be your guys' glimpse to the chaos.
 So-- but it's fun.
 So grateful for you guys being on board for all this.
 And everyone will listen to make sure you go to Funnhakra.tv.
 Get on the list to see all those things.
 And hey, who else we should--
 I can't think of anything else.
 Just go pay attention.
 If you want the text reminders, all you have to do is text FHTV to 208-231-3797.
 That's FHTV to 208.
 He's going to memorize.
 You've got to finish the thing.
 It's two, three, one, three, seven, nine.
 There you go.
 That's amazing.
 There you go.
 I've been practicing all week.
 I want to get this.
 And if you guys want to listen to me in the Inner Circle,
 we only open it typically at Funnhakra.
 I can lie, but we do have it if you go to innercircleforlife.com.
 There's a page you can see video.
 And there's like a waiting list that you can get on.
 And then if you want me to reopen the Inner Circle,
 yeah, that's the only way to get in.
 So either add FHL or through there.
 So I think that's it then.
 So thanks you guys for being here.
 Thanks everyone for listening.
 If you enjoyed this episode of the podcast, let us know.
 We're going to do too many interview style things
 on the Markzisk podcast.
 This is fun.
 It's way easier for me.
 Maybe we should do this more often.
 So as soon as we get Ben and Moon to Boise,
 this will be a weekly thing.
 So until then--
 [INTERPOSING VOICES]
 Anyway, thanks for listening.
 We'll see you guys also.
 Bye, everybody.
 (upbeat music)
