 (eerie music)
 - You're listening to Marketing Secrets
 with your host, Russell Brunson.
 - Hey everyone, it's Russell again.
 Welcome to the next episode of Marketing Secrets.
 This is part two of the one funnel way presentation.
 All right guys, so hopefully you enjoyed yesterday's episode.
 If you did like it, I hope that you have shared it.
 You told people to go listen to it.
 And today's gonna be the exciting conclusion
 of Russell's bankruptcy and failure stories.
 So I hope you guys enjoy it.
 It should be a lot of fun.
 Listen to it.
 If you're online at marketing seekers.com,
 you can watch it.
 There's a video there we can share it
 and see the actual presentation as well.
 But I hope this helps you, it helps give you faith
 and hope in what you're doing, what you're creating
 and where you were trying to go with your business
 and people's lives you're gonna serve.
 So with that said, enjoy my failures.
 I hope you guys have a good time with it.
 And I will see you guys soon.
 (upbeat music)
 Now, the pros and the cons of this.
 The pros is this was really, really awesome.
 And I was like, is it getting good entrepreneur?
 I'm like, hey, what's the book?
 Nail it and scale it?
 We nailed it right.
 Kale let's scale this thing.
 And so then I probably shouldn't have done some of this stuff.
 But we got excited.
 I was like, well, if this worked here,
 we should hire more people.
 And we started growing this.
 We went from this little thing with five or six of us
 to two years later, we had about 100 people operation
 where this is the model we were doing.
 CDs, calling them on the phone, selling coaching,
 having continuity.
 And it grew really, really big.
 And during that time, there were some really positive things
 that came from it.
 Some negative things, some ups and some downs.
 And I'll share kind of a lot of those things.
 One cool thing is that while this was happening,
 and it was going really well, my name kind of got out there.
 So I got a chance to go speak a lot, which was cool.
 And I had seen other people speaking from Sage.
 And this is where I've told you guys a story
 who anyone's gone through the perfect webinar.
 Like I spent about two and a half, three years on the road,
 going to seminars, standing for a bunch of people like this,
 talking and trying to sell something,
 and then nothing happening.
 It's a really horrible feeling.
 Hey, have we ever done that before?
 My first presentation, I was on stage.
 I probably had 300 people in the room.
 I did a presentation, and I tried to do what speakers do
 and like close, and then hopefully every run's the back
 and like nobody budged.
 And then the guy forgot to turn the music on,
 and it was just like crickets.
 And then I was just like awkwardly walking off the stage.
 Oh, this is awkward, and then running, you know.
 And then I remember the first, I was so embarrassed
 because usually we have like those events
 where all like multi-speaker events
 and all the speakers are selling,
 everyone's bragging about their numbers.
 And I knew that, I don't want them to ask me my numbers
 because I totally didn't, like not one person signed up.
 So I didn't hit in my hotel room,
 and I remember ordering coconut shrimp
 and hog and ice cream for every meal for the next two days
 while I hit in the room, eating it, watching movies,
 so I'm like, I'm not going back downstairs.
 And I just, it was really bad and awesome at the same time.
 Because coconut shrimp and hog and ice is awesome.
 (audience laughing)
 But I did that, and I learned like how not to sell,
 and then I started learning from some amazing speakers
 and people, and I started learning the process
 and how it works, and all of the stuff we talked about,
 the perfect webinar, all this stuff we talked about,
 day one about creating belief and breaking belief pattern,
 all those kind of things, I learned like on the road
 in front of people on state, like it was scary,
 but it's such a good time for me to learn
 and understand that part of the process.
 And as we started to grow,
 and make sure I cover all the cool things,
 we had a bunch of different offers we came out with.
 One of the ones that was more successful for us
 was a friend and offer like this,
 called Micro Continuity.
 How many of you guys remember Micro Continuity?
 Yeah, that is awesome.
 So this is one, I mean, that's probably,
 I don't know, eight years ago now,
 we put it on an MP3 player from Holland Kong,
 it had like six hours of this training,
 and that was a funnel we put through,
 and we just kept creating new front and funnels
 to get people into this program, and it worked awesome.
 And we grew the company from nothing
 to three or four million dollars a year,
 and it's doing awesome.
 And then at a time, I started looking at other people
 in my industry, and this is, hopefully,
 will help, one of you guys is gonna get a good idea
 for this one.
 But I had this funnel, we talk about the value ladder, right?
 Like I had this really cool value ladder happening here,
 and I was sending people up, and I realized that
 I was the only person in the market
 that had a real value ladder.
 Everyone else was kinda doing stuff down here,
 and that was it.
 And I was the only person selling really expensive stuff.
 I started calling my friends,
 I called it like Mike Philsim, and I'm like,
 "Hey man, so all of our customers,
 "we call them, we sell like these $5,000 things,
 "and lots of people buy that, like, you should do that."
 He's like, "I don't wanna call a center,"
 and I'm like, "Would you want us
 "to call your customers and sell?"
 He's like, "Yeah."
 So we hooked up with Mike, and we became Mike's back in.
 I call it Frank Kern, same thing,
 we became Frank Kern's back in for a little while.
 We started calling up a whole bunch of people,
 and then we started becoming the back end,
 so all these people now had friend and funnels,
 we became the back end for a lot of them.
 And that's how we took company from three or four million
 dollars to 10 million dollars, and it became really big,
 and I was gonna say big and fun,
 but I don't think I would say that at all.
 It became really, really big.
 We had 100 employees, and we had 60 people on phones
 in Bikyu's Call Center, we had 20 people doing coaching
 for all the things we were selling,
 and then we had about 20 people who were driving leads
 and customers and stuff like that,
 and it got really big, and I don't know if you guys noticed
 this, but I'm really good at selling,
 and those things really bad at the management of stuff,
 and I was not good at managing all these people,
 and it just, it kind of started just getting too big,
 and this is about the time that I was telling you guys,
 if you've read the .com Secrets book,
 that I started waking up and I was just like,
 "God, I do not like what I created."
 I got so excited that I started building this thing,
 and then one day I woke up and I was like,
 "Huh, I really wanna do this?"
 I think half of the conversations I have with inner circle
 members when I first come in is this,
 like, "Do you really wanna build that business?"
 Yes, that would work, but sometimes it's horrible
 when you get there, like thinking through like,
 "What do I actually wanna do?
 "What do I really wanna become?
 "What do I wanna be when I grow up?"
 And luckily during that time,
 it was probably one of the most painful times in my life,
 but looking back now, it was probably
 one of the most important times in my life.
 We had this huge operation, everything was working,
 and then one day it was in January,
 literally 11 and 30 in the morning.
 One of my sales guys came in and said,
 "Hey, I'm trying to run a credit card,
 "but it's not working.
 "I'm not sure what's wrong."
 I'm like, "Oh, that's weird."
 Well, try one of the other merchant accounts,
 maybe there's something there.
 And then someone else came in,
 "Hey, all the continuity orders are failing,
 "I'm not sure why."
 And then the three or four people came in and I'm like,
 "What's happening?"
 I walk in the back end system and like,
 "11, 37 or something like that,
 "every sales stop, just stop, no sales."
 I was like, "What is happening?"
 And some kind of freakin' house,
 I call our merchant account company,
 there's a busy signal, I'm calling it,
 I'm busy calling it, I'm busy,
 and I can't get hold of anybody.
 All of a sudden, I start hearing from friends,
 like, "Dude, everything got shut down,
 "are you just able to process?"
 I'm like, "No, what's happening?"
 And everyone started, I don't know,
 and soon I found out that it wasn't me,
 it was like, I eventually found it,
 it was like three or four hundred people.
 At the same time, anybody who was doing
 any kind of continuity-based stuff,
 the merchant account space came in and said,
 "Look, we think that what you're doing might be illegal,
 "and so we're shutting all of you guys down,
 "and your basic guilty tale-proven innocent."
 I was like, "What?
 "I've got a hundred people I'm feeding,
 "a hundred people in their families."
 It turns into hundreds of people.
 I was like, "You can't stop processing."
 Finally, after an hour, I get through somebody,
 and this lady on the phone says,
 "Yep, we shut you down,
 "good luck ever getting a merchant account again,
 "I gotta go, boom, and hung up on me."
 And I was like, "What?"
 At the time, I thought I had diversity,
 we had nine merchant accounts all through one company,
 and so I thought that meant,
 but they were all through different merchant accounts,
 but all through one bank.
 And I found out that's the equivalent of having one,
 which is why I have a big believer now
 in having multiple merchant accounts
 and multiple different banks,
 which is the lesson, hopefully, for everybody.
 If you don't know Alex, Roy, I don't know Alex,
 he's in here, but meet Alex,
 and he's the man who you hooked up
 with lots of merchant accounts.
 Like, he's done that for us.
 Yes, he's amazing.
 But it was bad.
 And so finally, got to hold these guys,
 and I'm trying to figure some things out,
 and basically said, "Okay, we gotta prove
 "that you are a good guy."
 I was like, "Okay, so we went through,
 "it took us two weeks for them to go through all our stuff,
 "look at our documentation, look at all our stuff,
 "these are two weeks, and they came back,
 "so okay, you're right, you're doing everything clean,
 "everything's above board,
 "we'll turn your merchant accounts back on,
 "and you're good to go."
 I'm like, "Sweet."
 So we turn back on, and that time,
 when there's that kind of instability,
 like sales guys are freaking out,
 they can't handle any kind of instability,
 they're leaving like crazy people walking out the door,
 and I was like freaking out,
 and we had all this payroll, but no money coming in,
 and so I'm paying it out of my own pocket,
 like everything just like, keep things afloat,
 and as I'm going through this process,
 like it's gonna be scary and scary,
 and finally it's like,
 "Okay, merchant accounts are back on,
 "you're a good guy, I'm like, sweet."
 So hey guys, we gotta do a launch really quick
 to make a bunch of money,
 so we do this, put this together,
 it's a huge launch thing,
 we push it out to our customer lists,
 and in a weekend, we made $250,000,
 and I was like, "Thank you, so great."
 I was like, "Monday we should get the money,
 "we can pay payroll, I'm telling everyone,
 "just tell your wives and your kids,
 "we'll have money soon, it's coming, I promise,
 "and the bank is just gonna be here any day now,
 "and money didn't come, money didn't come,
 "money didn't come, Tuesday didn't come,
 "Wednesday didn't come, by Thursday I might call him,
 "where's our money dude, we need this money?"
 And then he said, "The guy looks the camera,
 "oh, it's definitely in there."
 I'm like, "Okay, when's it coming to our bank?"
 He's like, "Well, it's not gonna come to your bank."
 I'm like, "Why not?"
 He said, "Oh, well you're on 100% reserve,
 "so we keep 100% of your money."
 I was like, "What?"
 That's not good for me or for anybody.
 How am I supposed to be in business?
 I got people to pay, he's like, "Yeah, well that's just how it works."
 He's like, "But the good news is that looks like you are a legitimate company,
 "no one's charging back or refunding this money we've collected so far,
 "so what we'll do is we'll drop you down to 10% reserve,
 "and I'm like, "Oh, thank heavens."
 And then he said, "But the $250,000 you collected last week,
 "we're keeping that for the next six months,
 "and I'm like, cool."
 So I'm like, "Okay, okay, another funnel, quick."
 So we're putting another thing, we push it out there,
 make some money, and we start paying payroll for whatever we can,
 but everything's collapsing around me.
 So that started in January, and that started happening
 at the same time we're trying to find other merchant accounts
 that other banks, and all those other banks are like,
 "Oh yeah, we're cool, come in, we'll give you a merchant account."
 And they're like, "Okay, this how it works,
 "like you make $100,000 a month, I'm like, cool.
 "Okay, we're gonna do it in like two days,
 "so I need like four merchant accounts because this is like,
 "we can make money, we just need you to be able to give it to us
 "after we make it."
 And like, "Oh yeah, we're cool, we're good at that,
 "don't worry, it's like, okay, cool."
 So we get a merchant account, get it all set up,
 drink a bunch of traffic, and twice we made over the $100,000 a month
 we were allowed within like a day, day and a half,
 and then they froze our accounts, and they said,
 "Oh, you've made too much money too fast, we're freezing your accounts,
 "we'll get this money back to you in six months."
 So I'm like, "Six months, like, please stop during this to me."
 Like, "Ahh, we ended up like $400,000,
 "lock up the merchant accounts, and it's getting worse and worse and worse
 "as whole years, like the hardest year of my life."
 And it just kept going down, and like, every single day,
 I'm like laying off friends and family members,
 and people whose families I love, people that I just love and I care about,
 and I'm coming in, I'm like, "I don't see you, man, I'm so sorry,
 "I gotta let you go."
 And there was just, "Oh, like, such a dark time of my life,
 "and just over a thing after thing after thing."
 And I wish that I could say from there, it got better.
 So that was the entire year, the next January started,
 and one of our friends was doing an event in Vegas,
 and I was like, "I'm gonna go out there and see what everybody else,
 "I gotta re-figure out my whole business."
 Like, everything's completely collapsed.
 At the time, by the way, we were in this big, huge office we had rented
 and, yeah, that we were releasing,
 and I think it was like 20,000 square feet,
 because we had all the call center and stuff,
 and I went to the landlord, I'm like, "Hey, man, I can't afford to pay you anymore."
 And he's like, "Okay, well, we've got a three-year contract.
 "If you don't pay me, I'm gonna sue you, and you're probably gonna end up in jail."
 I was like, "Are you kidding me, dude?"
 Like, I'm trying, and I would not work with me at all.
 I had all this fear behind that.
 So I'm in Vegas a year later trying to ask friends like,
 "What's happening? What are you guys doing in your business?"
 And they're trying to tell me their stories, and I'm just like,
 "Oh, this is, I don't know what to do."
 And then that night I got an email on my phone for my dad,
 and opened this email.
 It was like a shot in the gut.
 Like, probably the worst second of my life, as I read that.
 And the email said, "Hey, Russell, I'm so sorry.
 "I'm so sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I said, "I'm sorry to be here."
 And I went through and actually audited and found out
 that she hadn't paid payroll taxes in almost a year.
 And the email my dad said, "Hey, just, you know,
 "payroll taxes aren't like something where they find you.
 "If you don't pay payroll taxes, you're going to go to jail."
 And it was over $150,000 you own payroll taxes.
 And I was like, at the end, it had been an entire year.
 Every penny I'd ever run was gone.
 All my people, my teams, like,
 just hit all fall apart.
 And I'm sitting there like, "What to do?"
 So next morning, we're going to fly it from Vegas back to Boise.
 We're fly back to Boise.
 I get to Boise and I walk in.
 And the call center's empty.
 All the guys are gone.
 And there's two people that are left and they said,
 "Hey, just, you know, the call center across the road just recruited us."
 And we all just left and we're out.
 See ya.
 And they walked out.
 I was like, "Oh, I have the government $150,000.
 "I have nobody to help me sell.
 "I got it on what to do."
 And I want to quit.
 Like, so bad I want to quit.
 But if I quit, I go to jail.
 I'd also sold a lot of coaching to people I cared about.
 If I quit, all these people bought coaching from me, like,
 "I can't help them."
 That's not right.
 That's not the right thing to do.
 I was like, "I don't want to do."
 So I went to a bankruptcy lawyer and I'm like, "How's this work, man?"
 Like, "I don't want to do."
 Like, I got to figure this out.
 And he's like, "Well, I just explained the whole process."
 And I told him about my lease.
 I'm like, "The landlords that are coming after me,
 "the government's going to come after me."
 Like, "I don't know what to do."
 And he's like, "Well, the best thing to do is I should come with you
 "to your landlord and just explain to your going bankruptcy.
 "Maybe they'll be nice to you."
 So I'm like, "All right."
 He's like, "Do you have any money?"
 I'm like, "No."
 He's like, "What do you got in your pocket?"
 I was like, "I got like 100 bucks."
 He's like, "Cool, give me 100 bucks.
 "I'll come and I'll tell the landlord you're going bankrupt."
 I'm like, "All right, man, here you go."
 So he comes with me, which actually is the best 100 bucks I've
 spent.
 So he comes with me to the landlord and he's like,
 "Russel screwed, man."
 He's going through bankruptcy.
 He just hired me.
 He's like, "He can't pay you.
 "You can come after him."
 But he is like, and it was like this old man,
 he's just like, "Yeah, he's done."
 Like, "Oh, so bad.
 "Like so much money.
 "Government's coming after him.
 Like, "Oh, you're screwed.
 "Don't even try and basically convinced our landlord that it was
 "a useless cause."
 So the landlord was like, "All right, be out by Friday."
 And we had a big space with office, cubicles and phones and
 all sorts of craziness, right?
 So I'm like, "Okay, I'll be out by Friday."
 The few people that stuck by me, people like Brent Cole Peters,
 who, like, just love that guy to death.
 [applause]
 Brent and John and some of the people back then,
 I mean, Brent had taken a pay cut, a 50% pay cut,
 and never...
 It's amazing people.
 [applause]
 So the few of us that were left, we went and we'd packing up stuff.
 We'd put a glass on Craigslist, like, we got tons of computers
 and crap coming by it, and things we spent hundreds of thousands
 of dollars for, we were selling for hundreds of dollars.
 And just to get out of it, we made, I don't know, maybe five or six grand
 of all of our crap getting rid.
 We had huge jumps, we were just throwing away everything we'd ever created
 because we had a downsize, and trying to figure out how do we get into a smaller building
 and how do we keep the people we have to have to be able to fulfill on coaching?
 But we have to just cut everything else that we have.
 And so we were downsizing everything going out,
 and the night we were moving, like, that Friday,
 which was just about a midnight, or whatever it was,
 I was sitting in the office, and the desks were gone,
 everything was gone, all I had left was my laptop,
 and I was sitting there, I remember I had my socks on,
 I had some Levi's, and I had no money, and I was like,
 I have to make some money, or else we can't even move into it.
 I don't know how to do anything.
 And so I sent out an email to my list ahead of time,
 had a bunch of people register for webinar, and I was sitting there in a chair
 with my laptop on my lap doing a webinar, praying that something would happen,
 and that webinar saved us.
 Like, that webinar we did made $150,000 in sales over the next three or four days
 from that webinar, which gave me the money I needed to pay everyone to not leave,
 so we get into our office, move our, it gets moved in,
 and it gets like, to stability so we could actually breathe for a few minutes
 and figure out, okay, what's the next step?
 Like, what do we want to be when we grow up?
 And so we downsized from 20,000 square feet to like 2,000 square feet,
 and we had this really cool moment where we were like,
 what do we want to do when we grow up?
 Like, what do we want to be?
 And as painful as that process was, like,
 it was one of the coolest things ever, because we didn't have to keep going on this path,
 we could pick anything.
 And this is where I started thinking, like, who's our dream customer?
 Like, who do we really want to serve?
 Like, what fires us up?
 What gets us excited?
 And we started thinking through that.
 And during this process, like, we started just creating again and started having some fun,
 like, what should we do?
 I had a friend at the time who he had this little website that was making him, like,
 $2,000 or $3,000 a month, and he got in some trouble,
 and I had a couple things making a little bit of money at the time,
 and he was like, I need to get rid of the site, can you pay me some money?
 So I came $20,000, he gave me this little website,
 it was a little machine that used that, and it gets rid of cold stores,
 and I was like, oh, this is so cool.
 So we had this little thing, I'm like, that little business just kind of runs.
 Like, what if we had another one?
 So we started creating another one, so we did one in the Qfawning market,
 we set it up, we got a guru in there, we started running,
 and that started making money, right?
 Okay, what if no, we didn't win the weight loss, and another,
 and in any year period of time, we launched 12 different companies.
 Each of them were making different amounts of money,
 and during that time we launched Neuricell, our supplement companies,
 all these things were happening, and it started to get exciting,
 and, like, we were creating, we were doing the business instead of teaching the business again,
 which was like so much fun for us to do, and to learn and see, like,
 why does this stuff work in this market, but not this market?
 One of the things that drive me crazy about teachers in my industry is that they come in and act like
 the marketing techniques that work in one space work everywhere,
 and I learned during that two or three year period of time that's not true,
 like everything's different, there's intricacies that are different in Qfawning versus business versus weight loss versus diet versus supplements,
 like there's differences, and I came to respect that because we had a chance to do it
 in so many different businesses and so many different things,
 and we spent the next two or three years creating stuff,
 and during that process, one of the really cool things is I used to go to flipa.com all the time
 and try to find, like, cool websites we could buy and, like, turn into businesses,
 and there's a website called championsound.com that was for sale,
 and it was this little, like, email text message autoresponder for bands,
 and I was like, I'm going to buy that, and then we're going to take it and, like,
 niche it for every market.
 We'll make email autoresponders and text message autoresponders for Word dentist,
 and I was so excited, it was $20,000, we didn't have that much money,
 but I was like, this is the future of our company we have to do,
 so we ended up buying this website from these guys off flipa.
 We get the website, and then try to transfer it over to our servers after we paid them $20,000,
 and as they're trying to transfer it, they're like,
 "Oh, you can't have, this is the nerd talk, you can't have a Linux server, you need a Ruby server."
 I'm like, what does that mean?
 And they're like, it means that this is not coded in PHP, it's coded in Ruby on Rails,
 so you have to have a different kind of server.
 What does that mean? It means you have to go over here and pay, like, $800 a month for a new server.
 I'm like, "You're kidding me? I don't have $800 a month for a server, but we just bought this thing,
 so we did, and they installed it, and they didn't really work."
 I'm like, I don't know what to do, none of my tech guys that ever used Ruby on Rails,
 so I went to Odes and hired some guys, and they couldn't fix it, and I tried, like,
 five or six guys, and finally I was like, "Tt, wasted $20,000."
 I was like, so upset and so frustrated, because I didn't have that money,
 and on the way out of the office one day, I was like,
 "I wonder, what if anybody on my list knows Ruby on Rails?"
 I shot in the dark, I have no idea.
 If I send an email to my little list at the time, I was like,
 "Subtitling, I was like, Ruby on Rails, looking for a partner."
 If you know Ruby on Rails, I'm looking for a partner, and I said,
 "Basically, the story I just told you guys, I bought this thing, can't make it work.
 If you know Ruby on Rails become my partner, we'll make much of my thing together."
 I sent the email out. I have an hour later, I get an email from this guy
 in Georgia named Todd Dickerson.
 [applause]
 And Todd's like, "Hey man, I know Ruby." I'm like, "You do?"
 And then I looked at his picture, I was like,
 "You don't look like a nerd, I don't think you do."
 And then I went to Facebook and I Facebook friends,
 which was actually six years ago last week or something.
 I Facebook friend, I'm like, "He's got a beautiful wife, he's got a daughter."
 I'm like, "I don't think he's a coder."
 I don't know if I believe that.
 He's like, "Yeah man, shoot me the log and I'll fix it."
 I was like, "Whatever." I had eight guys try to fix it for the last four or five months.
 Nobody can do it.
 I'm like, "Whatever, here's the log in."
 So he logs it in and then an hour later he's like,
 "Hey, done, it's fixed."
 I was like, "What?"
 "You think I got it fixed? I just did blah, blah, blah."
 I had to work to make, "How did you do that?"
 I was like, "I just love Ruby on Rails, I'm amazing."
 He didn't say that, but he's super humble.
 But I was like, "This guy's amazing."
 And I was like, "Okay, well, I think he's other than me, he's other things."
 And so Todd came and we started working on this other project.
 We ended up, we had a different auto webinar, Todd built out this software behind the scenes
 which was like ClickFunnels version 00, like pre everything.
 And he built this webinar, auto webinar software because Mike Philstam had been talking about
 auto webinars, Richard Scheff and I put a webinar report,
 a couple guys who started talking about auto webinars, and nobody had done one,
 like nobody was really doing them.
 So Todd custom built this whole platform so we could do them.
 We launched an auto webinar through that.
 And in that auto webinar, we made a million dollars and 90 days.
 And the first thing I did from that, I needed, yeah.
 First thing to do with that million dollars, I took the money and we paid off the IRS.
 And I was like, "I'm free.
 I'm free.
 I'm not going to jail.
 I have paid off.
 All the fines are paid off."
 And that auto webinar funnel literally saved me, literally gave me freedom.
 Like up to that point every night when I went to bed at night, I was just like,
 "They could come knock on my door.
 Like I have not paid payroll taxes in that long."
 And that webinar freed us.
 And we kept doing thing after thing.
 And what was fun is with Todd, and Dylan, you should design half these things.
 He says that contract, you design these pages, then Todd would take them and code them up,
 make these funnels.
 He did funnel after funnel after funnel.
 We probably had 15 different companies, but then those companies, two or three funnels.
 But I think 40 funnels we built over after thing after thing after thing.
 And the last funnel we actually built, the old school way, was the nurse cell funnel.
 And that's one of the ones that blew up really, really big.
 We're making tons of sales.
 We're having a bunch of fun with it.
 And about that time is when Todd was like, "Hey, we should really create something.
 So I don't have to keep making websites for you every single day."
 And that was where the idea came for ClickFunnels.
 And so we started that project in front of Whiteboard like we talked about yesterday.
 We mapped out this whole thing.
 And Todd went to work to build ClickFunnels.
 Then we partnered with Dylan to build the editor and the UI.
 And then fast forward, seven or eight months later, we came and we were like,
 "This thing is going to change the world."
 And I was so excited.
 I was like, "We're going to do a free trial."
 And I think the very first month, our goal was to get 10,000 members of the program.
 We had 10,000 members the first month.
 I'm like, "Oh, this is going to be the greatest thing in the world."
 So we put out there, created the first funnel, had all this stuff in there.
 It was a free trial.
 We had a bunch of people all long lined up to promote it.
 We launched it.
 It was like crickets.
 People came and then it left.
 I was like, "Dude, just not understand what I'm giving you."
 Like, I made that page you're looking at.
 Like, it's really good, right?
 And like, nobody got it.
 And I was like, "Why didn't they get it?"
 I'm like, "There's something wrong with my messaging."
 So we changed the funnel again and then we launched it again.
 Like, a few of you guys signed up.
 But that was it.
 Like, most of, like, hit it and they laughed.
 Like, "Oh, I tried again.
 We tried again."
 We rebuilt that funnel not once or twice or three times or four times or five times.
 It was six times it took us before the ClickFunnels funnel worked.
 And the sixth time was because one of my friends, Mike Filson, invited me out to his event
 and he was like, "Hey Russell, why are you coming to sell ClickFunnels?"
 I think it's awesome.
 So I do, Mike, nobody's buying ClickFunnels.
 Like, we got to figure out an extra deal or figure out something because it's not working.
 He's like, "No, dude, my people need it and you come speak on it.
 But you got to sell it for $1,000."
 I'm like, "It's a free trial and nobody even wants it."
 All right.
 And so Mike's event was happening that weekend.
 And I was literally sitting in my office watching the event streaming.
 As I was sitting there, I started writing my webinar.
 And I had my slides open.
 I was following the perfect webinar script that I had been working on for, like, ten years.
 I started filling in the blank, started making this webinar, like, like, true to the perfect webinar script.
 I literally was like watching it, adding the things in.
 And while I'm watching Mike's event happen that day I finished the slides.
 Next morning I jumped into the plane.
 I flew there.
 We got to California.
 I think it was California.
 I went to the event was that.
 I got there, put the slides up on the thing and I'm like, "Okay."
 So here we go.
 I started it and the title slide was "My Weirdness Funnel."
 It's currently making $17,947 per day talking about a nurse cell funnel and how you can ethically knock it off in less than ten minutes.
 Show the first slide.
 I started going through.
 And when we got to the end, we got to the stack and the close.
 We did it and 30% of the room jumped up and ran to the back, jumping over the table, fighting to get back there.
 I was like, "We did it.
 That was the message.
 That was the key.
 Now I know how to sell click funnels."
 We took that message, went back, and as a lot of you guys know, especially in the circle members, certain webinars, every single day,
 sometimes two day, one time I did three in a day, which was really hard.
 Over and over and over again.
 I did that webinar live over 70 times over the next year and a half and went from being a startup with no members.
 After the end of last year, over 10,000 members, after this year, we have over 30,000 members and continue to grow and grow and grow.
 And it was that one funnel that changed everything for me.
 [applause]
 So this process for all of us, you guys, is an up and a down.
 It's always happening.
 And all of you guys are somewhere in this wave right now, right?
 Some of you guys are at the top, riding it.
 Some of you guys are at the bottom in the crash.
 Some of you guys are somewhere in between and always going up and down.
 But if nothing else of this event, like I wanted you guys to all understand that no matter where you are, there's hope.
 It might not be this funnel.
 I can't tell you how many funnels flopped.
 I guarantee I have failed at more funnels than anybody else in this room because we try over and over and over and over again.
 Because of that, we found out what worked.
 The only way to do that is to do it over and over and over again.
 And it's a lot easier now.
 I promise you, so much easier than what we used to do when Portaud and Dylan had a custom code every single thing every single time.
 Now you guys can test things really, really fast.
 First time I met Trey, first call I said Russell, I'm going to launch a funnel a week every single week.
 And I watched the CD launch a funnel and another funnel, another funnel, another funnel.
 And he had some marginal success, little success, more success, more success, more success.
 I saw him launch a funnel last year, one funnel, boom.
 And within 90 days became the biggest selling funnel in the history of the world.
 I was talking to some of the guys at Affiliate Summit, they said there's never been a funnel that's made more money in a shorter period of time than one of Trey's funnels.
 I'm not privy to share all his numbers and his stats, but it was insane.
 It came from him doing a funnel a week, funnel a week until he hits the one that just explodes.
 You know what that's going to be? It's important.
 That's why this tool is so important because you can do that.
 You can test, you can try over and over and over again.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
