 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 What's up everybody?
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 I'm still in the recording booth.
 I want to tell you as part two of this story.
 Yesterday as I told you all about some of the vision for this crazy thing I'm building,
 this library, this event center, this museum, all those things.
 And so, and as you know, this week, depending on when you get this, maybe it's already over,
 maybe it's not.
 If it's already over, I'll try to put the replay on this page.
 But if not, go and register.
 I'm doing a live event.
 And if you go to secretsofsuccess.com/atlas, you can register for it.
 And during that event, I'm ensuring as these manuscripts are worth millions of dollars,
 I'm going to tell you how to store about what I'm doing, why I'm doing it.
 I'm going to show a video of me inside of the actual library that we recorded while
 I was in the green screen, which is so cool and a whole bunch of other stuff.
 It's going to be a lot of fun.
 If you want to come hang out with that, go to secretsofsuccess.com/atlas.
 And today, I'm going to tell you guys the story.
 So the story is about the million dollar offer.
 All right.
 So when you were a little eccentric, like me, I guess, and you have this idea and you're
 like, I'm going to build a 20,000 square foot museum slash event center and we're going
 to have old books in it.
 And it's going to be a library, but like you, it's not a public library.
 People can't come to it.
 Oh, and I'm going to have statues, nine foot tall statues holding a six foot globe of atlas
 holding the way of the world.
 And there's three of them.
 And they're going to be amazing.
 And then, and all these things.
 And in my head, the vision is amazing.
 And then you go, and you're like, okay, well, how are we going to finance this?
 Right?
 Like I told you before, I said $12 million so far.
 That's just on the books.
 I'm going to pay, you know, seven figures for the statues.
 I'm going to pay seven figures just for the architecture of the building.
 We've got to pay for the building and then the audio visual for the events there.
 And like, you know, just the building alone is pretty close to $20 million.
 So, you know, you go to a traditional bank here.
 Yo, I got an idea.
 I got a vision.
 It's going to change the world.
 I need $20 million.
 And they look at you and they say, you're crazy.
 I'm like, no, no, I know I'm crazy, but I've got a proven track record.
 In fact, you've seen here's my last business.
 Click one of those numbers of stats.
 Here's how much money it makes.
 Here's how much is sitting in your bank right now.
 I need $20 million loan to build my vision.
 I promise you, this is going to change the world.
 And they're like, no, why not?
 Like, because it doesn't work.
 There's nobody else in the world that's going to want this building, nobody's going to buy
 a building back from us with statues and an event center.
 And that makes no sense.
 What's the business model?
 Like, here's the business model I'm going to show it to you.
 I'll show it to you.
 It doesn't make any sense.
 I'm like, literally quick, it doesn't make sense to you either.
 You can lend me money back then when I need it.
 Like, just trust me.
 Like, I have a good track record.
 I know what I...
 But banks are not visionaries.
 And anyway, so I couldn't get a bank to loan me any money.
 And they're like, well, sorry.
 And so I'm like, oh my gosh, all right.
 Well, I just got to earn this money myself.
 So instead of getting a little bank loan, I'll just make an extra $20 million bucks real
 quick.
 Because that's the kind of thought process that should be going through entrepreneurs'
 heads.
 Like, how do I just do it?
 And so then I start thinking, how do I do it?
 And so I'm like, okay, well, I need to...
 I need to take these books and launch something that's going to finance it, right?
 So we're working on a project now that launches in August that'll launch that the revenues
 from that will completely pay for the building within two years, which is awesome.
 So I have a plan there.
 But then I'm like, crap.
 And still, I can't start digging a hole if I'm financing, I got to have the money in the
 banks for me to dig a hole, right?
 Otherwise, the builder's not going to be like, okay, you know, every month, like I need
 another million dollars.
 Like, do you have it?
 Like, I got to have the money in the bank set aside earmarks just for this to be able
 to do it, right?
 And so in fact, that's the main reason why I relaunched the Inner Circle.
 Those who were in the Inner Circle, and that was the reason I was raising money for that.
 The problem is the most money from the Inner Circle started going to pay for these books,
 you know?
 I don't have 20 million dollars sitting in an account to build a building.
 And so, and this is not a ClickFunnels project.
 This is a Russell project.
 So it's not something I can just go and like, hey, ClickFunnels, buy this building for me.
 Hey, Todd, you should, you know, like it's, this is a 100% a Russell thing.
 And so I got to figure out how to do it.
 And so the first is like, hey, we'll make some stuff to pay for it, right?
 And so I started creating assets and creating value in a way that will pay for it.
 So that's number one.
 Number two, though, is Dan Kennedy always says, how can you send the bill to your herd?
 Okay?
 So it's really offensive to some of you guys.
 But if you know Dan Kennedy, he's a, he's a horse guy and a cow guy and all kinds of
 stuff, right?
 And so he always talks about how you need to build a herd and herd of people that you
 can sell stuff to.
 And so he says, every time you want to, you want to make money, you got to send the bill
 to the herd.
 And, and he talks about stories like when he went through his divorce that someone was,
 when his clients called and like, well, when's the promotion coming out?
 And he's like, well, I know that this is not cheap for you.
 So I'm assuming you're going to be sending the bill to the herd.
 So we're waiting for whatever the promotion is.
 You're going to be sending out.
 And anyway, just kind of a funny thing.
 And actually a really good story about John Lennon.
 I think it was John Lennon.
 When the, the, the Beatles, when they were, you know, younger band, they were trying to
 figure out, make money and John Lennon said like, let's go, let's go write ourselves a
 swimming pool, which means sit down.
 This writer song and the song will, you know, the money from the song will pay for the swimming
 pool we want.
 And so that's the mindset entrepreneurs have, right?
 It's like, oh, I can't afford it.
 Oh, I can't do this.
 Like we don't have these, these limiting beliefs.
 We're just like, okay, how can I afford it?
 All right.
 So I'm going to write myself a museum.
 I'm going to go figure these things out, right?
 So create offers and Dan Kennedy sending the bill to the herd.
 Like, what can I create?
 Like send the, to the herd to, to make them want to, to help fund it, right?
 And so that was the question.
 And so, um, and we went back and forth and remember one day we had a meeting in the office
 and there was five or six of us in the room.
 We were trying to figure out like, how in the world do we, like, what could we create that
 would get people to want to give us a million dollars to be able to help fund this, this
 thing?
 Right?
 And, um, and we kept thinking about it and going back and forth.
 And then Kevin on my team told me the story.
 He, um, he said that when Rams stadium built their, their, you know, million dollar, or
 their billion dollar stadium, whatever it was, um, that they needed, you know, they, they
 raised a billion dollars.
 So it is this old seat licenses.
 And Kevin told me he spent 50 grand or 25 grand or something to buy a seat license, which
 basically meant he got to own the rights to that seat.
 Didn't mean he got free tickets to the, all the events, but he owned the rights that
 seats and he had first ride refusal for anything that happened there.
 So if there was football game, he got the first ride refusal.
 Let's see.
 He could buy a seat before anyone else.
 And then if he didn't buy it and went to the public market, right?
 And there was a concert coming down.
 So Britney Spears was coming or Taylor Swift, like he had first ride refusal on the seat
 and he paid 25 grand per seat for the right to do that.
 And that's how, you know, they sold the entire stadium on a seat license and, and raised
 a billion dollars to build the stadium.
 Apparently that's how they build stadiums all around the world.
 And so he told me that was like, that's the thing.
 We had this event center in the library and there's a hundred seats.
 Like, let's, let's sell seat licenses.
 So we had this idea and, and right before I went to our match to my Mexico, I told Dan
 on my team, he does a video stuff.
 I was like, Hey, I want to film a video.
 I could show people with a Mexico that, you know, and make them a million dollar offer.
 And he was like, what are you talking about?
 He's like, should we script this or what?
 I'm like, no, I think I know I'll talk to my head about what it is.
 Let's just go and just see what happens.
 So when I'm in the, the Poli Hill room, we clicked record and I just went for like 15,
 20 minutes.
 I told the story and after I got done.
 It was funny.
 I got done filming it.
 There's no cuts, no edits.
 And he was like, whoa.
 He's like, I finally understand what you're trying to do here.
 I'm like, Oh, thank you.
 Without time.
 I'm not crazy.
 And he was afraid.
 He was hitting the room.
 That's the first time I ever like articulated what my vision was publicly to anybody.
 Like, it's hard.
 Like how do you explain these, these visions, you know, these, these dreams of people that
 don't make any logical sense, right?
 And it was the first time I did it and the end of it, he was like, I get it.
 I finally see what you're doing.
 And so made that video went to Mexico.
 And I was going to show it in Mexico.
 In fact, I showed it to the Atlas group.
 I showed it and people were like, Oh my gosh.
 Like it was kind of cool.
 And then two days later, I showed it to the entire everyone who was in Mexico.
 And it's funny because like, I don't know if you guys, I got nervous.
 I'm like, what if no one likes us?
 What they think I'm done?
 What if what and all these things and I wasn't planning on.
 I was going to show them the videos and example.
 I wasn't going to actually, you know, ask them for money.
 And then if you guys know, Eileen Wilder, one of my favorite people, she was in the
 back and she did about 10 minutes.
 And 10 minutes I was going to be showing the video and she's like, she's going to make
 everybody an offer.
 I'm like, no, she had to make them an offer.
 She's like, this is what you do, Russell.
 Like your teach me if you don't do it, like this is a disservice them, I can make them
 an offer.
 I'm like, oh, it's like I didn't have an offer.
 So we start scrambling, putting things together and, you know, putting in order for them to
 get all sorts of stuff.
 And basically, you know, super unprepared.
 I got on stage, I explained what's happening with cleaning video, ramp back stage where
 said in order for them to get things all the way like just scram.
 It was crazy.
 It's chaos.
 And then what the order forms mostly live and then the video ends all got on out there
 and said, okay, guys, those are interested.
 This is how it works.
 There's a million dollar seat license and you for a million dollars, you get two seats
 and then from that you get to run an event.
 And here's ways you can.
 And I had like four or five ways that basically they donated a million dollars that would
 actually be free for them because they could run an event there.
 They could sell access to they have virtual seats to all these events.
 They could sell like it becomes like one of the greatest real estate bills in the history
 of all time.
 In fact, Bill Allen was the first person to actually wire this and the money who's a big
 real estate guru in our world because he's like, you know, understood that like this is
 the greatest real estate play of all time.
 So anyway, it was pretty exciting.
 And so I shared it and put it out there and from that, people, if they, we had a million
 dollars seats and a hundred thousand dollar seats.
 And so if they wanted the million dollar seat, they had to send $10,000 in to lock in the
 seat.
 They wanted the hundred thousand dollar seat.
 They put in $2,000.
 And based on, we do that presentation, we raised $14 million.
 Isn't that crazy?
 Now not all of those have actually closed.
 Some of the people got scared feet later and backed out or whatever, but we're still over
 $10 million raised from that sharing that offer, which is crazy, right?
 So anyway, the seats now are more than halfway filled out.
 So part of the evil motivation for this event that's happening on Thursday is to sell the
 rest of the seats.
 And so again, if you go to secrets.
 success.com/atlas, again, the event's going to be fun.
 I'm going to show manuscripts and stuff and I'm going to show the video of me inside the
 library.
 And then I think I'm even going to show the video that we showed in Mexico and to show
 everyone back, this is what it is.
 And then make the offer and say, look, there's, there's, you know, I think the million dollar
 seats, there's like four or five seat licenses left, a hundred thousand dollar seats.
 There's like five or six.
 I mean, they're almost sold out.
 And after you sell them out, then I'll have all the cash I needed for the, the museum
 and then the museum paid for so before we even launched the business model behind it,
 right?
 So take that bankers.
 Of course, I know what I'm talking about.
 This is awesome.
 So anyway, now that we have the money and the financing and the cash in, like I said,
 in June, we're doing a groundbreaking ceremony and everyone who bought a seat license is
 going to come out to that and we're making amazing things.
 So anyway, that's what's happening this week.
 So if you want to be part of that or see, see it go down or just be part of history because
 this is going to be something that I think is going to change the world.
 I'm really excited for it.
 And if you want to hear kind of the rest of my visions, you understand like, oh, this
 Russell's actually doing what this is why it's so close by people and want to pay a
 million dollars for a seat.
 Come and hang out with us again.
 Seekersofsuccess.com/atlas is where the registration will be.
 And if it's past, I'll put the video replay of it here, which would be kind of cool as
 well.
 So anyway, come check it out.
 And if you're someone who would be interested in having a seat license, you can like attend
 all these events with the greatest speakers and minds of all time coming to it.
 If you want to library cards to the, to the office, where you come in to read books and
 study them and stuff like that, yeah, come let me know.
 It's going to be a lot of fun.
 So that's it.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 This episode.
 Yeah, I always appreciate you guys listening and hopefully you got some value and some ideas
 for yourself, right?
 How can you create an offer?
 How can you, you know, what can you do with this as well?
 So that's it.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 And I will talk to you as all hopefully at the live event when you show up at Seekersofsuccess.com/atlas.
 Thanks, everybody.
 Talk to you soon.
 Bye.
 Talk to you soon. Bye.
 ♪ ♪
