 What's up? What's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast right now
 I am in a penthouse at the top of the cosmopolitan
 Hotel for a couple reasons one as I am finishing
 The rewrite of the expert secrets book this has been such a crazy journey, but it's almost done
 He is real crazy like just the story or the section on stories right now is insane. Oh anyway
 but I'm also here because I'm with my wife we have a couple days away and
 During the breaks between me writing I'm going shopping to buy clothes for fun like you live because
 But I keep live is soon if you're ever take it yet like you must go now. We are almost sold out
 Fondelhackinglive.com. We're gonna have 5,000 insane fennel hackers in Nashville, Tennessee at the end of January and you need to be there
 So go your tickets really really quick
 but anyway, so that's what we are doing right now and I'm not gonna do a
 Podcasts up second doing right now because instead I want to do is this week. We launched two new YouTube videos
 That were insane. It was from our trip to Fiji. One was a video we made talking about me and the dream 100 process
 I do with Tony Robbins over the last decade to become first off. You know him become friends
 Be promoted by him eventually become business partners with him and so
 That video is amazing
 If you haven't seen yet go to the YouTube channel and watch it because the visuals are insane
 We have video clips from every single point of the the journey
 And so I recommend you go back there and watch it, but I'm gonna play the audio here because regardless the lessons
 In in it are amazing. So this first episode is gonna be all about the dream 100 now. I dream 100 Tony over the last
 Decade and a half of my life and hopefully get some good
 some good ideas
 From it begin. I highly recommend
 Going back and watch these two videos well because the the visuals behind this episode are amazing
 So with that said are you guys do is go to YouTube type in Russell Brunster funnel hacker
 Tony Robbins dream 100 and it'll pop up
 It's really easy to find and if you're asked to try on youtube channel this point anyway, what are you waiting for?
 Come on. Let's do it. All right. That said I'm a cute theme song when we come back
 You will have a chance to listen in on the dream 100 episode
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 The dream 100 so what is the dream 100 something I talk about a lot
 I try to get entrepreneurs to to build out a dream 100 to focus on that as the core foundation their business yet
 Most people don't ever listen to it let alone actually apply it. So I wanted today
 Tell you guys a story about how I use the dream 100 to get with a whole bunch of amazing people that wanted to get to know
 I most importantly my number one dream 100 who is Tony Robbins and how I use this strategy to first off become his friend
 second off getting to promote click funnels promote us and more recently actually come a partner with him
 It's last we talk about today
 The reason why Tony Robbins has been one of my dream 100
 15 years ago when I first heard about him and I saw him on shallow how I was like who is this guy?
 So I went to eBay and I bought every single Tony Robbins course I could find and I plugged in I've listed Tony talk to me every single
 Day it started slowly shifting my mindset shifting my body shifting a all the things as I was growing my company
 I was so I'm had to be so cool to work with Tony on something
 I just said I want to figure out a way to get to know him and get to work with him
 So I kind of put in perspective about how hard it is to get through all of the gatekeepers
 Like he is a celebrity that's bigger than life and he's been on movies more recently
 He's got his own Netflix documentary. He speaks to millions and millions people around the world
 Tony Robbins is one of the most sought-after seven hours in the world
 I'd always had this thing that I wanted to make Tony. It's about six foot nine and he speaks like this
 He coaches the president of the United States runs 54 different companies
 $5 or $6 billion a year and so I always think I'm the busiest person world in Charlotte, to Tony
 I'm like me times 54
 I for me the question is like how am I like a 22 year old kid was figure how to get access to Tony Robbins literally the biggest person in
 My industry and probably 40 different industries. You think he's at home now watching this?
 I don't know Jay. I don't know where he was right
 So what I did is I built up dream 100 of who are the people who may be around Tony?
 I could get access to people a couple tears down below it at that time
 My dream 100 lists include those people people like Frank her and John Reese and Evan Pegg and you all of them lived in San Diego close to Tony
 And so I dream 100 them got to know them
 This and then one day one of them had a chance opportunity to go and meet Tony Robbins when he got in there
 I talked to Tony and introduced Tony to all the rest of the people at that level
 I actually didn't know I was in it first until one random day
 I got a phone call from Tony and his team asking if you want to come and experience you Pw
 And then they have a chance to sit down and meet with Tony in person
 How you doing out there Toronto?
 So I flew to Toronto to attend unleash the power thin and I came as a tendi
 I'm consciously through a problem. He invited me to sit in a private section right in the front
 And every time he's talking about different talks he's looking at me
 He's looking at me. I'm like oh my gosh like all leading up to that night
 We had a chance to do the firewalk with Tony which is what you Pw is famous for you to walk on fire
 The purpose of the firewalk is just a great metaphor for taking things you want thought were difficult or impossible
 That's doing how quickly you can change and I came to said Russell so glad to have you and gave me this huge hug and
 He said come on let's go walk on fire
 I don't go into bed that night I called my wife. I was like oh my gosh. I walked on fire
 I met Tony it was crazy and I just I knew that that little little piece of him
 I got I was like I want I want more of this one more for myself and my family and so that's kind of where where it really began
 Like when Tony was in his hotel room talking to me well the first things he said he said that you know
 I read about your story. I know a little bit about you. You got started potato guns, right?
 It's like how did you know that he's like I watched this video of you and I'm like oh so embarrassing me
 J-dole guns when I got back to Vpw I was thinking like what's something I could send him with something I could you know
 A man who could buy anything who has everything like what could I send him to this unique special and also had the idea is like
 I should send him a potato gun like the actual potato gun that we made in the DVD how to make a potato gun
 And so I waited and you know for a month and then two months and they hear anything back and then one day I
 Gets emailed from Tony saying Russell I just got to my home and there's this big huge box on the front porch
 He told me that at night him and Sage and everybody went down and they shot a potato gun in his backyard
 I wanted to send him potato gun because I want to figure out a way that Tony is going to remember my name
 I thought you know what's going to be unique that he will always associate with me
 And I thought the most unique thing I possibly send him would be a potato gun
 One night I got a random call I didn't know the number was but I answered it and it was Tony Robbins assistant
 They said hey Tony wants to know if you want to speak in Fiji and Klet is sitting there
 I was like Tony wants me to speak in Fiji and she heard that she goes she's like tell him yes tell him yes
 I was like when is this like next week you want to speak in Fiji next week and she started jumping on the bed
 Like tell him yes tell him yes like now from that to me and I'm like yes yes we'll come
 And that was 10 years ago we actually stayed in this exact same house that we're in right now
 And the kids were playing right here and the first time we got here like what should we do
 And there's a projector here so that night we sat down and we actually watched Shallow How
 And please stand up and give me big hand to Russell Bronson ladies and gentlemen
 First off I know a lot of you guys have businesses that are bigger than mine that have been around
 longer but at the same time I hope that I can bring some value to you guys because I do have a skill set
 We in our company generate a lot of leads online Tony sat in the back of them taking notes the entire time
 After the event we were supposed to fly home and he asked he said hey
 I'm creating this new product called the new money master series. Do you want to be on one of the DVDs?
 I was like are you kidding me and so let's get to it Russell. I just want to really thank you for coming all over the future
 Yeah, thanks. It's been amazing so far
 So all this amazing rule when this stuff happens and there's all this momentum this progress like we're moving our way in and then
 Nothing for years not just like a year like
 Multiple years like four or five years and I I got an email from someone's team like hey
 Do you want to help bro Tony's book when it comes out and I knew that they were gonna do it wrong and I was like
 It's a message Tony. I was like hey, I know you're about to launch your book
 We just launched ours. We had a you know huge success
 Like I just I would love to jump on call you or someone on your team to kind of explain
 What we did because I think it'll help you sell a lot more books if you put it through a funnel
 They said I want to build a funnel cool. We have this new software called click funnels
 Like we love to build the whole thing for you and it's like okay. Um, how does it work?
 I'm like well, I need some of your time. He's like hey quarter of somebody team. We'll figure it out
 We call this team like we're gonna need like a day and they're like no
 Like okay. We have like a half a day. They're like no, there's no way and we're like well
 We have to get him on video like talking about his book. I need you an hour like an hour like that's all like that's
 That's stretching it even like okay. So the food of Vegas. We got our own hotel room
 We've got we rented the nicest sweet pos books. We needed a good place to go film videos
 Everything set up for an hour. We film all the videos we needed for this funnel
 We gave it to him as a gift and then they use that funnel during the book launch
 Thank you in his newest book money master the game
 On every single news channel today show cnn like everything all pushing back to this one book funnel
 We've helped create for him. You got a man from rich people. He lived in a car
 He always had this book
 So it was successful. He was grateful and after that we didn't hear from him again
 Honestly, it was like one of the busiest if not the busiest man on earth
 And about that time is when we had launched our funnel hacking live event. We had our first event
 We had no keynote speakers our second event, right?
 We should get a big keynote speaker and like you know, it'd be really cool is Tony Robbins, right?
 We can't afford Tony. They let's just get somebody else and as we moved into funnel like live number three
 That's where like okay. We should try to get Tony and I didn't know how that worked. I know what he's charged
 I had no idea, but I was like, you know what?
 Um, first off if I want to build this relationship with Tony
 I need to give him access to our platform number two if I want to build a deeper connection with my audience
 I need to introduce them to Tony Tony changed my life
 I know that he could change their life as well. And so no matter how much money it costs
 We decided to go for and to just do it
 I don't do that many talks anymore private talks. I pick the ones I want to do and there's very few
 But I'm here because of Russell. He is truly yes, give a hand for
 He went up there and spoke for almost five hours and when he got off I came back on stage and was crazy
 The entire audience was standing and it started cheering minding
 And it was kind of weird when he was like, I didn't do anything Tony did it, but because I brought Tony from them
 They were so grateful
 After the event was over, I knew that Tony was in the middle of watching his new book
 We wanted to help support this book as well
 And so we stepped time after the event up in the hotel room for me to actually go up there and interview Tony about his book
 I was excited because like I read his original books like 20 years ago and then
 There was no books forever and then like that's when I started going through the courses and the CDs and the events and like
 And then after I'd done him and his entourage
 We're cleaning up and they were about to head out the door
 And what he didn't know the time is that in my pocket I had the very first copy of the expert secrets book
 So as he was racing out, I said he really quick told me before you go
 I just finished my second book and I would love to give you a copy of it
 Hopefully you have a chance to flip through on your on your on your flight home
 He looked at me for a second, took the book gave me a hug and then he took off and he was gone
 I remember just kind of like crashing like, you know mission accomplished
 We did it took the interview and we promoted it
 It's one of the ton of copies of his book again trying to figure out how he would provide as much value possible
 So we did that by being an affiliate selling a ton of copies of his book as well
 I had known him at this point for about 10 years
 So I had built book funnels for him. I had paid him to speak
 I'd give access to our platform
 I consult for them for free as often as I could and try to provide value as much as I can
 And it was the first time that I ever wanted to ask for anything and it was for the launch of the expert secrets book
 It was coming out. He is of all experts like the ultimate expert in so many different fields
 And I thought if I could get Tony to interview me
 Um on his fan page that would that would be the best thing in the world
 I'm so nervous
 I think a lot of people when they when they pursue a dream 100 like they'll do all the work with the scary part is like
 Asking the question like like will you we promote me and I had been so nervous to do it finally. I said, you know what?
 I don't ask
 Um, I'll never know so I sent him a message and within like a minute Tony texts back and said yep
 I'm in I'll help you. It's like
 Robin's is doing a facebook live with Russell tomorrow. I'm serious. No, no way
 What the time his fan page had like 3.9 million fans
 We're clicking go and went live on a fan page is a new book called expert secrets
 To sometimes help you find your message build a tribe and change the world. Yes, hold that up
 So we all see that if you there it is
 You can see stands up here and draws computer hearts and love baby
 The stands man that video is viewed over 3 million times
 You know, Tony really opened up his entire brand to me
 Allowing me built to share my message and my story and my book with all of these millions and millions of people
 And that was really the power of you know building a relationship with someone to get exposure and access to their entire audience
 Typically it's coming here in like five minutes. Well, thank you people for waiting
 All right, so this time click funnels was growing we're a little bit more financially secure the next funnel hacking live
 We we sold over 3,500 tickets and so we said you know what we're to point out where we can book Tony again
 So calling back up's booked him for fun hacking live in Orlando as well
 And this was the funnel hacking live where we introduced operation underground railroad
 Which is the charity that that Tony's part of Tony's our number one donor of operation underground railroad
 And then after the event was down we're breaking it down. We had a really cool moment behind state
 You know that'll save a whole lot of kids lives. That's just amazing beautiful
 I think one of the sub lessons here for the dream 100 is that by doing that there wasn't something we orchestrated
 It was just something where Tony and I both share the same value and for him to be able to see that and see it wasn't just something
 We talked about something we actually did and put into practice
 It's just something that builds the connection the friendship the relationship that much closer
 So it's important to to find people that you share values with as your billion dream 100 because that's what makes those relationships really matter
 So after that funnel hacking live went a fast forward about six months later
 I got invited by Brendan Ruchard to go to a private mastermind group in Wyoming with a whole bunch of amazing people like
 And it was a private mastermind group that nobody knew about we flew in helicopters to get to this location
 Go fishing shoot shotguns whole bunch of other cool things like that and on the fight home
 Dean and I were back to sitting next to each other talking to each other. We're talking about different projects and ideas
 And we're sitting on the plane both the first class and some guy walks past and he's like hey
 I've heard both your guys books and they're like who's was better. It was really
 true story
 And dean starts telling me the stories like hey
 I'm working with Tony on this project and starts going through the whole thing
 And I was like dude Tony has to be like real projects with anybody and he's telling me this whole thing
 I'm getting more and more jealous
 Can I jump in here a minute? I just want to tell you the what this guy does behind the scenes
 So he's like you and Tony are doing this thing Tony and I built a software and of course on how to extract your knowledge and run mastermind
 He's like I want to create masterclass, but for masterminds
 He said you know instead of buying a course from Michael Jordan about how to play basketball
 Imagine going to Michael Jordan's house and actually playing basketball with him
 He's like that's the difference as like I get it as like what's what are you calling this thing?
 And he's like oh, you know, he had a couple different names
 I'm like dude, you should buy mastermind.com and he's like someone already owns it. You know, I can't get it
 I thought that like that's too bad. I've been amazing and a couple days later
 Uh, I was thinking about his his idea and his project and I was like, I wonder who owns mastermind.com
 I went to mastermind.com and sure enough
 There's there was a site there and look I had been fully developed and I was clicking through the site
 And went to the bow me page it showed a picture of the founders of mastermind.com
 And they were literally holding a two comic club award in their hands
 I was like, oh my gosh, like I have access to these people. I can get a hold of them
 So here's the cool part. So he tells me you should you should have mastermind.com
 It's only a million bucks. I'm like, I don't really want to spend a million bucks
 I was like, no dude, you have to have it like masterclass.com mastermind.com like you have to have that domain
 So my gave million bucks too much. See if you can negotiate so they goes back and you're negotiating with these guys
 And then we had the idea you want to know the this guy the way he plays
 He negotiates buys mastermind.com for 600 grand
 And giftship to tony and I
 I'm not done. I'm not done
 But he's no fool tony and I saw that reciprocity and now we made him a partner
 Nice move dream 100 at his best
 Anyway
 It was one of those things where it's just like your wildest dreams come true something I didn't fathom
 You know 12 years earlier 10 years ago when I was in this room to be not only friends with tony and dean
 But to be business partners with them. We launched mastermind.com
 It was the biggest launch in the history of internet marketing doing over
 I think like 38 million dollars in sales in like a two-week period of time the top 10 affiliates get a fly
 with us in tony's private plane to phoege insane it's been a fun self
 That's why we're here that this trip that's what we've been doing and that's why the dream 100 strategy is so important
 Looking back on it is crazy to think we use the strategy first off to get in the door
 So tony know who I was second off to build the relationship and build a friendship and eventually to build a partnership
 It's not necessarily like the fastest way to grow a company, but it is the long-term strategy that tony always says but most of us
 overestimate what we're going to do in a year and we get disappointed
 We underestimate what we can do in a decade or two or three
 And that's why very few people fit there, but i'm here because this young man has true integrity
 He really delivers. I know you know that by the passion that you have here his skill sets that he gives you are there
 But also everything he does is with integrity, which sounds kind of corny and boring
 But it's rare. So I really want to acknowledge wrestle and his lady and his team for being the kind of people they
 Year number one if you look at my dream 100 strategy with tony will look like a complete failure
 I I met him for five seconds and that was it looking at over the decade now. Um, it was a smashing success
 So that's why I dream 100 so important. That's why it's important start planning those seeds now
 Um, and if you do that now today not tomorrow not in the future not when you're ready and you start today
 You start planning those seeds it gives you the ability in a year from now five years from now 10 years from now to harvest those seeds at a level
 You never thought was even possible
 Hey, this is ruffling in and uh really quick. I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with
 5,000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you who think like you who believe like you have vision like you
 If you would like to do that then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live
 It's coming up very very soon. Uh, if you don't have your ticket shay, you go to funnel hacking live.com
 And it gives you the ability to leave your home
 Leave where you're you're trying to create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe like you
 Who see visions like you of what they can create and what they can become
 Funnacking life is not just a marketing event. It's not just a personal development event
 It's both of those things wrap into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So I'll make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me I go to funnel hacking live.com
 New year tickets. We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well and after you get tickets you will be there with 5,000 other insane crazy fun
 The funnel hackers talking how to grow their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You gotta go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live.com. Thanks so much and I'll see you in Nashville
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
