 (eerie music)
 - You're listening to Marketing Secrets.
 With your host, Russell Brunson.
 - What's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Show.
 I've got a fun one of you guys today.
 This is kind of like a recap of my birthday party
 where a bunch of my friends came and gave me presents,
 but the presents weren't actually for me,
 they were for you.
 And so I want to give you one of those presents right now.
 You guys cool for some presents?
 Okay, so if so, we are officially 175 days away
 from Funnel Hacking Live.
 And a few weeks ago, my birthday, my team,
 and once people threw big virtual birthday party for me,
 hopefully you had a chance to come do it.
 It was supposed to go for like, I don't know, 90 minutes
 or something, it went for like four plus hours.
 I think it was crazy.
 But when a lot of people come on
 and they told me how to have your birthday
 and then they would teach something really cool
 and then they'd give a gift to everyone who was on it.
 And it was crazy.
 So if you were there, you experienced it
 and it was awesome.
 One of the gifts was from Todd Dickerson,
 my co-founder and ClickFunnels.
 And he showed how he built AI inside of ClickFunnels,
 which is super cool and it's exciting.
 So a whole bunch of really cool things.
 But there's one announcement I made
 that I was really excited for.
 It was actually an announcement of the very,
 the only person so far who I've asked
 to speak at Funnel Hacking Live.
 And so I'm not gonna tell you who it is.
 I wanna ruin the surprise for you.
 We may have seen it in the subject of the podcast,
 which you probably know.
 But regardless, I've been trying to get this person
 to speak for three or four years.
 And not only is he speaking at Funnel Hacking Live,
 he came on my birthday bash
 and we talked for like 20 or 30 minutes
 about some really cool things.
 So with that said, I'm going to introduce you guys officially
 from the recordings of my birthday bash.
 Here we go.
 What I'm gonna do is first off tell you one of the ways
 that I wanna make next year's event
 that's coming up in seven months now, even better,
 is every single year,
 obviously we have some amazing speakers who come.
 And we haven't announced any of our speakers this year
 other than I'm sure you're probably assuming I will be there.
 So I'm gonna be there speaking, which is gonna be awesome.
 But today, I wanna officially announce
 our first speaker.
 And this is the speaker,
 somebody who I've looked up to for a long, long time.
 I had a chance to get a copy of his book,
 which is right over here, "Extreme Ownership."
 And I read this book, man,
 we're probably two or three years in the ClickFunnels.
 Someone recommended it, I read this book
 and it shifted my mindset on so many things.
 The book's called "Extreme Ownership."
 Well, I guess I read this or heard about this book,
 but I read this book and it had such a big impact on me.
 And me trying to be a leader of a company
 and a community and all sorts of things.
 And me trying to just, you know, in my family,
 in my relationships, it had so many dual meetings for me.
 It wasn't just business, it was like
 in all areas of my life.
 And after that, I kept trying to get the author
 to come and speak.
 We asked him multiple years, four or five years,
 they're on every year, like the funnel I can live
 and work in a good time,
 different things kept kind of falling away.
 And this year, luckily for me and for all of you guys,
 Jocko has been, we were able to figure out time
 from the company.
 He's actually becoming on day number one
 of funnel hacking live this year,
 which is gonna be fun because he's gonna come
 and kind of kick off the event
 and help us to get in the right mindset
 to prepare for everything we've been doing
 over the four days of the event.
 As you guys are building your businesses
 and your companies to get them done and launched live.
 And it's gonna be amazing.
 And so what's exciting right now,
 we've got Jocko, he's gonna be our very first speaker
 with Fish the Nouncy and Funnel Hacking Live.
 He's here today with us though.
 Hopefully my team can pull him up on the board
 and Jocko, are you there?
 - I am here.
 - Hey man, how's it going?
 - It's going outstanding.
 Looks like you guys are kicking it off legit.
 - We're having some fun.
 And I prepared over here, I've got,
 all your drinks here, we've got protein drinks,
 caffeine drinks, so I'm gonna be drinking
 for the next three or four hours,
 getting prepared and ready for all the fire
 you're gonna be dropping on this.
 So I'm ready for it man.
 But I'm so excited you're gonna be coming
 to Funnel Hacking Live this year.
 We've been trying to make this happen for so long
 and just grateful that you're able to come.
 I would love to kind of kick this off initially
 for those who don't know who you are.
 Do you wanna kind of introduce yourself
 and tell people a little bit of your backstory?
 - Yeah, my backstory is,
 well I guess I started off as a very rebellious young kid
 and I was always getting into trouble,
 wasn't doing the right things.
 And when I turned 18 and got out of high school,
 I went in the military.
 And when I went in the military,
 I went basically straight through Navy boot camp.
 From Navy boot camp, I went to basic seal training.
 I was 18 years old.
 I made it through basic seal training.
 When I got done with that,
 I got stationed at Seal Team One in San Diego, California.
 And that's where I spent my adult life
 was in the seal teams.
 I ended up going to Seal Team Two.
 Went to Seal Team Seven, went to Seal Team Three,
 deployed a couple of times to Iraq
 and had some very challenging deployments over there.
 And during this time, moved up through the ranks.
 You know, I started off as the,
 I was the youngest and most junior guy
 in my first two seal platoons.
 And then I moved up through the ranks.
 Eventually I was in charge of a seal platoon.
 And then I was in charge of a seal task unit,
 which is two seal platoons combined together,
 finished out my career, running the training
 for the West Coast Seal teams.
 And the training that I ran was actually,
 it's not the training that you see on TV
 where guys are carrying boats on their head
 and stuff like that.
 I ran the advanced tactical training
 that actually teaches seals how to be prepared for combat.
 So that is my life in a nutshell,
 up until I got out of the military.
 Once I got out of the military, I was planning,
 I was planning to, you know, hang out, surf,
 hang out with my kids, work out.
 I ended up, I was a few months before, before retirement.
 And a friend of mine that was a CEO of a big company,
 he asked me if I would come and talk to his executives
 about leadership.
 And my initial reaction was, well, you know,
 I'm gonna retire.
 And he said, hey, I'll pay you some money.
 And I said, okay, you know, I'll do it.
 And I went up and I talked to his executives.
 And as soon as I got done speaking with his executives,
 he came up to me and he said,
 I want you to talk to every division I have in my company.
 And, you know, he had a big company,
 he was a nationwide company.
 And I said, well, you know, like I said, I'm retired.
 I wanna hang out with my kids.
 I've been gone a lot.
 And he said, I'll pay you more money.
 (laughs)
 And I said, okay.
 So I started talking to all of his divisions
 around the country.
 And I was finally at one of his divisional meetings
 and the CEO of the parent company was there.
 And that CEO owned about 40 or 50 companies at the time.
 And he came up to me afterwards and said,
 I want you to talk to all my CEOs.
 I went and did an event with all his CEOs.
 And when I got done with that event, those CEOs came up to me.
 Can you talk to my company?
 Can you talk to my company?
 Can you talk to my company?
 So I started a consulting company.
 And I started going around the country.
 I brought one of my buddies on board.
 And we started going around the country,
 talking about leadership and teaching leadership.
 As we did this, people would come up afterwards
 and they'd say, hey, do you have this information
 written down anywhere?
 Is there anything we can hand out
 to the people that couldn't make it to the meeting today?
 We eventually looked at each other and said,
 we better write this stuff down.
 As we wrote it down, he had a friend
 that was a literary agent.
 She took a look at it and said,
 you guys have a book here.
 So we wrote the book.
 We put it all together.
 We wrote the book Extreme Ownership.
 When that book came out, or as I would say,
 as it was a few weeks from coming out,
 I went and did some interviews on some podcasts.
 The first one was a guy named Tim Ferriss,
 one of the most popular podcasts.
 And he had me on.
 And from there, I started doing podcast interviews.
 I got told, hey, you should do your own podcast.
 This was in 2015.
 I figured, you know, I've got people
 that are really good at podcasts
 telling me to do a podcast.
 So I started my own podcast.
 And from there, the stuff just started to grow.
 And you pointed out, I have some drinks.
 I have a supplement company.
 I have a clothing company.
 I've got to do real estate, all kinds of stuff.
 But it all comes down to, you know,
 what it all boils down to is leadership.
 And that's what I'm most passionate about,
 trying to help people with leadership,
 trying to help people help other people.
 'Cause that's what leadership is.
 So looking forward to coming down and talking with you all.
 - So cool.
 - I mean, at Team said you're gonna spend like 15, 20 minutes
 kind of going over some of the core principles
 of extreme ownership right now with everybody, right?
 And then we're gonna go a lot deeper
 at the actual live event.
 So I guess I can pass it to you
 and you can kind of run with that for a little bit.
 And then we'll come back.
 - Yeah.
 I mean, there's so many places to talk about
 when it comes, so many things to talk about
 when it comes to leadership.
 And from my perspective, what I always think about
 first question is, well, what are we trying to do
 as a leader?
 What are we trying to make happen?
 Well, for me, that's pretty straightforward.
 I'm trying to get a bunch of people
 that have a bunch of different ideas.
 And I'm trying to bring them together
 to get them focused on doing and executing a mission
 in the most effective and efficient manner.
 That's what leadership is.
 Now, there's also a little something called relationships
 because when it comes to working with other people
 and leading other people, the most effective
 and efficient way to do that is to actually build relationships
 with other people.
 And I know that this might sound a little bit strange
 and a lot of times people don't expect the big Navy SEAL
 to come and talk about building relationships.
 But that's what my real goal is as a leader is,
 I wanna build relationships with other people.
 Then I usually get asked, okay, well, how do I do that?
 How do I build a relationship with someone?
 And in order to answer that question,
 I usually have to talk about, well,
 what actually is a relationship?
 What does it mean to have a relationship
 with another human being?
 And for me, there's really four components of that
 and I'll throw a fifth one at the end.
 The first component is listening, right?
 If I've got a relationship with you Russell,
 if we don't listen to each other,
 we don't really have a relationship, do we?
 So we've got to listen to each other.
 We've got to trust each other.
 Let's face it, if we don't trust each other,
 we don't have a relationship.
 We've got to respect each other.
 So if we don't respect each other,
 we don't have any kind of relationship
 and we've got to be able to influence each other.
 So if you have influence over me,
 I wanna have influence over you too.
 That's called a relationship.
 So that's what we're trying to build
 when we build a relationship is we're trying to get people
 to trust us, get people to listen to us,
 be able to influence people, have respect for people.
 So the question becomes, how do I get someone
 to listen to me?
 How do I get someone to listen to me?
 And the way that you get someone to listen to you
 is to listen to them.
 And that's a little counterintuitive
 'cause a lot of times people think,
 "Oh, if I want someone to listen to me,
 I should just maybe talk louder."
 No, that's not actually the answer.
 If you want someone to listen to you,
 you should listen to them.
 If you want someone to respect you,
 how do you make that happen?
 Do you tell them, "Hey, listen, you better respect me."
 No, obviously that doesn't work.
 We have to actually treat them with respect.
 If we treat them with respect, we'll get some respect back.
 Trust, how do we get people to trust us?
 Well, we have to put some trust into them.
 And if we put some trust into them,
 they'll put some trust back into us.
 And we start small with that, but we grow it over time.
 And the last one is influence.
 How do I get someone to be influenced by me?
 Well, the most powerful way to do that
 is actually for me to open up my mind
 and allow me to be influenced by them.
 So I know all those things are a little bit counterintuitive
 because it seems like,
 "Hey, if I want someone to listen to me,
 "I should just yell at them."
 Or if I want them, respect from them,
 I should just demand it, but it doesn't work that way.
 And so that's what we wanna do.
 We wanna set that example.
 We want to lead by treating people
 the way we want to be treated.
 And that goes into that last little bonus,
 that last little bonus that I talked about in relationship.
 And it's probably the strongest part of the relationship.
 And that is caring, caring about the other people.
 And we have a saying in the SEAL teams
 that if you take care of your gear,
 your gear will take care of you.
 And then what that means is,
 you've got a parachute, you've got a dive rig,
 you've got a weapon,
 and you've got to maintain and take care
 of those pieces of gear
 because your life is gonna depend
 on those pieces of gear working.
 So if you take care of your parachute,
 if you take care of your dive rig,
 if you take care of your weapon,
 it'll work when you need it.
 So that's why we say,
 if you take care of your gear, it'll take care of you.
 What I also like to say is,
 if you take care of your people,
 your people will take care of you.
 That is one of the most powerful tenants of leadership
 is to be able to show other people
 that you are truly trying to take care of them.
 You're truly trying to help them.
 That is the most powerful thing you can do
 on an individual basis to help people
 come into your team and be a part of your team.
 Now, clearly, we talked about the book, "Extreme Ownership"
 and that is just a state of mind
 that will change really everything that you think about.
 And it's something that's very, again, counterintuitive.
 What it means is I'm not gonna blame anyone else
 and I'm not gonna blame anything else
 when something goes wrong.
 What I'm gonna do is I'm going to take ownership
 and I am going to get problems solved.
 And I say that it's counterintuitive
 and my proof to it being counterintuitive
 is the fact that, well, I got four kids.
 And if you've ever walked into the kitchen
 and your kid is sitting there
 and there's milk spilled all over the counter
 and it's dripping onto the floor, what does your kid say?
 You look at your kid and say, what happened?
 I know my kids would say, the milk spilled, right?
 The milk spilled, they didn't spill the milk,
 the milk spilled.
 They're passing blame onto the milk
 as if the milk spilled itself.
 And that is a human instinct that we all have.
 We all have this need or this want or this desire
 to protect our own ego, to keep ourselves out of trouble.
 And so when things go wrong, we like to blame other people,
 we like to blame other things.
 And this attitude from a leadership perspective,
 it's actually contagious in both directions.
 And the way it works is, if I'm working with a leader
 that's not doing a good job or frankly, not a good leader
 and something goes wrong for that leader,
 their project's not done on time,
 they didn't get the sales that they wanted to get
 and you asked that leader what happened?
 Hey, you know what went wrong with this project?
 Why didn't you finish the project on time?
 A bad leader is gonna look at you and say,
 well, you know, we didn't get the support
 that we needed from the marketing,
 we didn't get the material that we needed
 from the supply department,
 they're gonna point fingers and blame other people.
 And as soon as you start blaming other people,
 guess what, you give up control, you give up control.
 Now it's not, it's nothing I can control anymore.
 It's these other factors in my life.
 And that never works out good.
 'Cause now we can't make any difference,
 we can't make any changes.
 So that person with that type of attitude
 of blaming and making excuses,
 they're not going to improve,
 they're not gonna get better.
 Now, if you contrast that with someone
 that has this mindset of taking extreme ownership
 of what's going on in their business
 and what's going on in their life,
 they're the ones that are going to be able to change it.
 When their project is late, they don't say,
 "Hey, well, you know, I didn't get the supplies
 "I needed from the supply department."
 What they say is, "Hey, one of the reasons
 "that we didn't get this done on time is I failed
 "as a leader to let the supply department know
 "what we were gonna need far enough in advance
 "that we had it ready for the project."
 That's my fault.
 Next time I'm gonna order the material earlier.
 And when you have that attitude,
 all of a sudden you can fix things.
 All of a sudden you can actually implement a change
 in your life, in your business,
 that will resolve this problem.
 And what's interesting is when you blame other people,
 guess what those people do?
 They start to make excuses too.
 They start to blame someone else.
 So if I pointed the supply department say,
 "Hey, supply department, this was your fault
 "that I didn't have the material I needed."
 What, you know what the supply department says?
 They said, "Well, you know, we didn't get the order form.
 "The admin department didn't give us the order form."
 Oh, so now the admin department says,
 "Well, we ran out of paper
 "because we didn't have the supply department."
 And what you end up seeing is you have all these people
 that are just blaming each other.
 No one is actually solving the problem.
 Now, when you take ownership,
 instead of pointing fingers,
 that's when other people actually step up.
 So if I tell the supply department,
 "Hey, supply, I didn't give you enough heads up
 "on when we were gonna need this material,
 "that's my fault.
 "Next time I'll order it earlier."
 There's a really good chance they look back at me
 and they say, "Hey, you know what, Jaco?
 "We actually wanna set up a meeting with you once a week
 "so that we're tracking on what supplies
 "you're gonna need in the future
 "so that this doesn't happen again."
 And what we end up with is both sides
 making changes to get problem solved.
 And when this happens, that's when we start to win.
 That's the general idea of extreme ownership,
 but it's important to remember,
 as you already pointed out, Russell,
 that this doesn't only apply to our business.
 This applies to everything that we do.
 It applies to our life,
 it applies to our relationships,
 it applies to our health and our fitness,
 it applies to everything that we do.
 And when it comes to interacting with other people,
 this idea of ownership,
 I heard an extreme case of extreme ownership
 that is at the top of examples
 for taking extreme ownership in your personal life.
 I had a guy in my podcast,
 his name was Captain Charlie Plum.
 Now this guy was in the Vietnam War,
 he was a fighter pilot,
 he was on his 75th mission,
 and on his 75th mission over Vietnam, he was shot down.
 He was shot down, he was captured,
 and he ended up being a prisoner of war
 in the Hanoi Hilton,
 which is a terrible prisoner camp in Hanoi Vietnam,
 North Vietnam, he was a prisoner there for six years.
 And during that time period,
 they would usually have the same cellmates
 for six months, nine months, a year,
 and then they would get rotated
 or someone new would get captured,
 so someone else would come in
 and they actually loved getting new roommates
 because he told me it took about three months,
 three, around three months,
 they would know absolutely everything there was to know
 about their new cellmate,
 that they would just tell stories of their entire lives,
 what they'd been through, they'd go through all their memories,
 they'd share everything they could,
 he said it took about three months for them to know
 everything they wanted to know about,
 or everything they could know about their cellmates.
 But what he told me was this,
 was that they had a rule,
 they had a rule in their prisoner camp,
 and that rule was if your cellmate did something
 that annoyed you, it wasn't your cellmate's fault,
 it was actually your fault.
 So if your cellmate was snoring
 and you let that annoy you, it was your fault,
 it was your fault for allowing that to annoy you.
 If your cellmate picked his toenails
 before he went to bed at night and that annoyed you,
 that was actually your fault for letting it annoy you.
 And to me, I just, when he told me this story,
 I thought to myself, that is an outstanding example
 of extreme ownership to not allow some other outside entity
 to interfere with the way I feel,
 and say if there's something that's bothering me out there
 in the world, it's not on them, it's on me,
 I need to change my attitude.
 And I think if you look at the world that way,
 and you start to take ownership with the things
 that are going on in your life, all of a sudden,
 it's a very heavy weight to bear.
 It's a very heavy weight to bear,
 it's a very heavy weight to say, hey, you know what,
 I haven't achieved what I wanna achieve
 from a financial perspective, that's my fault.
 That's a heavy weight to bear.
 It's a lot easier to say, well, you know,
 the market wasn't good and the economy took a bad turn
 and COVID came, that makes it a little easier on me.
 Makes it a little easier on me.
 But guess what?
 I can't control those things.
 I can't control the economy.
 I can't control COVID.
 I can't control those things.
 But when I take ownership and I say, oh,
 the economy made a change and I needed to shift faster.
 Oh, COVID came along, I needed to pivot.
 I need to pivot right now.
 I need to make adjustments.
 All of a sudden, instead of these being outside forces
 that are controlling me and my life,
 when I take ownership, all of a sudden,
 they become things that I can control.
 Now I'm in the driver's seat and when I take ownership
 and I get in the driver's seat, guess what?
 I'm gonna win the race.
 So those are some of the basic concepts of leadership
 and extreme ownership.
 I'm gonna get to, you know, when I get down there,
 when we get together next time,
 I'm gonna talk about things like the four laws
 of combat leadership, which is cover move, teamwork,
 simple, how to keep things simple,
 prioritize and execute,
 making sure you're not focused on too many different things.
 And I'm gonna talk about decentralized command,
 which is making sure that everyone on your team
 is actually a leader.
 So I'll talk through that.
 I'll talk about something we call the dichotomy of leadership
 and what that means is we as leaders
 are gonna get pulled in different directions.
 We're gonna get pulled in extreme directions
 and it's not too hard to figure out
 although some people spend a lifetime figuring it out
 that it is much more important to be balanced.
 It is much better to be balanced than it is to be extreme.
 I'll talk about that.
 I'll talk about humility.
 I'll talk about discipline.
 I'll talk about a superpower
 and that is the ability to take a step back
 and detach from the chaos and mayhem that's going on
 so you can see logically what you should do
 in order to move forward.
 And of course, I will go into, as you said,
 some more detail about the idea of extreme ownership.
 This is, these are lessons that we've now taught
 to thousands and thousands of people.
 These are lessons that came directly
 from the battlefield they've been tested in combat.
 But what's also interesting, they've now been tested
 in literally every industry in all sizes of businesses
 with all kinds of leaders at every different level
 and these principles absolutely work
 and I'm looking forward to sharing them with you all live.
 Oh man, thank you, Jaco so much.
 I'm so excited.
 Obviously, I have been a huge fan for a long time.
 I read the books, I've gone deep on the podcast.
 I'm so excited.
 First, I'll bring you to my community
 but also like I'm bringing my wife.
 I've got five kids, they're all coming to this.
 I want like, anyway, I'm trying to set the tone
 for our entire event based on these principles,
 not just from the business side,
 but also to get my family, my wife, my kids.
 Like everyone's coming to this
 and I'm grateful for you making the time
 and gonna be out there with us all.
 And I cannot wait to meet you in person
 and have a chance to hang out with you.
 So thank you again for coming.
 Thank you for spending time with us today as well, man.
 I totally appreciate you.
 - Yeah, thanks for having me.
 I'm sorry it took, what was it?
 Five years to make this happen,
 four years, five years, something like that.
 But glad we finally got the calendars aligned
 and I'm looking forward to this.
 Let's rock and roll.
 - Me too, thank you again so much.
 I appreciate you.
 And everyone's giving Jaco a huge round of applause
 in the comments and everything.
 All right, ah, so awesome.
 Jaco is officially coming.
 He'll be a keynote on day number one
 this year at Funnahacking Live, which is awesome.
 And one of the interesting things,
 so we always track Funnahacking Live ticket sales
 and everything based on where we were last year
 as we're trying to obviously keep filling the room
 and things like that.
 And right now, right, almost 500 tickets more sold
 right now than we were this time last year.
 So, you know, we've sold out of Funnahacking Live every year
 and this year we're gonna sell it even earlier,
 which is amazing.
 So that means for you though,
 if you don't have your tickets,
 you need to go get them 'cause they will be gone soon
 and you can get your ticket at funnelhackinglive.com.
 And on that page, you'll be able to see
 all the bonuses that are still available.
 There's some from my birthday, there's still there.
 Some may not be there anymore,
 but there's some cool stuff in the members area for you guys.
 And if you do have a ticket for Funnahacking Live already,
 make sure you log in the members area.
 There's some gold in there we left for you.
 So that's kind of game plan.
 Anyway, FHL's coming soon
 and we wanna make sure you guys are there.
 So if you wanna come see Jocko and you wanna see me
 and all the other cool speakers right now,
 go to funnelhackinglive.com, get your seat.
 And we'll see you guys at the event here in a,
 yeah, I've only got four or eight, six months free.
 So, crazy.
 Anyways, it's gonna be fun.
 We'll see you guys soon.
 Thanks everybody.
 (closing music)
