 Good morning everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I'm gonna share with you guys my big aha's from the San Francisco Chicago Palm Beach Miami Chicago Boise trip
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so I dropped my last episode while we were at the Golden Gate Bridge and
 Sure to get some of the stuff I got from Dreamforce
 But after that moment life turned into pure chaos and someone shared with you
 Someone what happened and the big lessons that came so those are before we did the whole salesforce thing
 Which was which was amazing and I had some big eye-opening aha's or just like oh my gosh like what they're doing is amazing
 But it's not it's not impossible like I can see it now. I can see the vision. I can see what's what's possible
 Which was really exciting?
 You know they I think on track this year to the 13 billion their goal is 20 billion by 2020 and it was interesting though because you could get like
 Companies with the path rights like you you grow a company and you take on VC money and you get you know
 There's all these different things right sell the company
 But Salesforce it was different instead doing all that path
 They went and went public instead and spend it was interesting watching a business from that side where they went public
 They got you know insane amounts of money and then since then you know the way they're growing is through acquisitions
 They're buying companies to grow and I think we saw sign was like
 27 companies or something like that that Salesforce has bought in the last eight years
 What's crazy is the Salesforce is the same size that clickfunnels is right now when they went public and so anyway
 We're just kind of fascinating and really fun, but
 Anyway, we did we did a Salesforce day number two and then went to the Metallica concert
 We had a midnight flight because we had to be in Chicago
 Because what was supposed to happen was Grant Cardona was gonna pick us up in Chicago
 He was speaking in Chicago that morning and then we were gonna fly back to Boise and build a funnel in the air
 And I had to be home because the next day Friday. I was supposed to be in Boise with Brian Underwood who is the founder of prove it
 And so I was kind of was happening. So we jumped in the red eye. We flew all the way to
 To Chicago we got almost no sleep in the plane so tired. It was like three days of no sleep and
 In Chicago we get in our room
 we're getting you know cleaned up and stuff and and
 Dave gets a call or Dave texts, you know, Grant Cardona's
 Business part of Jared and and Jared's like what do you guys do in Chicago now? It's not until tomorrow right?
 No, it's today like we flow our whole team out here
 It's it's today like no, we're not there till tomorrow
 Like what and then when Instagram live and grants like yeah, I'm flying down to Orlando
 And I'm gonna be in you know I'm going tomorrow to Chicago and then to Boise and we're like what like no
 It has happened today like I've even boyzy tomorrow and
 Those are the things we had like I like 30 minutes of sleep before this problem was dumped upon me
 And I'm trying to figure out what to do and how to do it. And so I called Brian who's the owner prove it
 Who I supposed to be meeting the boys the next day. I'm like dude. I I don't know what to do
 Like I know it's just me and Boise tomorrow, but I'm stuck in Chicago right now and like I don't know what to do
 And he was like and Brian also happens to have a private plane actually I think prove it has four private planes
 So he's like he's like well, I'm going to Palm Beach
 Right now, he's like I can swing by as if it's like driving past my my house in neighborhood
 I can swing by and grab if you want I was like wait your Palm Beach
 I'm like grants Miami which is like a two-hour drive in Palm Beach
 I was like what if you fly by pick me up flies to Palm Beach and then all drive from Palm Beach
 So Miami and Grant flying from Miami back to Chicago and he's like hey cool be there now
 I'm like ah we were like an hour away from the airport. So we were cleaning up repacking our bags
 racing to the airport and
 We actually beat us to the airport we get there and he picks us up in his private plane
 Which was insane and he flies us from Chicago to Palm Beach
 So I was like in in Chicago for like three hours total time before we had like head to the next thing
 And we're sending this plane and it's crazy because prove it was launched in time the ClickFunnels was some
 Yes
 No, I was wondering the the explainer video campfire video kind of launched prove it
 But also launched the Keto movement if you look it before campfire video nobody was talking about
 Catosis right like it wasn't a thing and now it's like every ad on Facebook is Keto whatever
 But the category king of ketosis is prove it
 They will do half a billion dollars in sales this year and we're sitting on this private plane flying with Brian and everyone and and I had the next big
 Big vision of just like man. I keep thinking that I am a big thinker
 And I'm sitting here in this plane with Brian started the company same time
 We launched ClickFunnels and ClickFunnels are doing well. We'll do a hundred million this year by Mike
 They're together you're gonna half a billion. I was like oh my gosh like
 Like why am I slacking so much right?
 But it's just the next big eye opener and hung out Brian the whole night in in Palm Beach
 He picked us up in a Bentley and Lamborghini. So we got footage of us driving these things all over town
 Which was crazy and then we jumped into an uber and drove from Palm Beach down to
 to Miami and
 We got like four hours of sleep had to wake up and then we met Grant Cardone at five o'clock at the airport
 He pulls in and his fifty million dollar
 Gulfstream jet. It's just crazy and we're like we're gonna we're trying to film this whole funnel
 So we filmed him like getting on to the plane you're getting out of his Bentley getting on to the plane and then and then
 And then and then we got on the plane and we filmed all the funnel videos before it took off
 We took off in the air and we filmed a bunch of other videos and then we built Grant's funnel
 Why we were fifty thousand feet in the air which was crazy and then we had we actually had you know
 He was trying to get us to do it
 I was like I want you to do it
 So I forced him to kind of jump in there and he was building the funnel he was right and copy he was moving things around
 It was fun because he was like oh my gosh click fun. It was easy
 I'm like I know let's we keep telling people many he had a good time building this funnel and then we landed
 he had to take off to an event and then we
 Had to head to the airport and we had to fly home and my whole flight home was just this this weird thing of realizing that
 And this is the lesson in this podcast is realizing that our
 ability to grow and our ability from where we can go has 100% to do with like our beliefs between our ears
 Right our brain like what we believe is possible a lot of times we don't believe something so it's not possible right like I believed
 Initially we launched click phones. We'd be ten million dollar company
 I believed it and we hit it and then I saw the next tier and I believe I believe we could actually get a hundred million
 And then we did but I was stuck for a while I guess from some of my podcasts. I've been stuck while like I don't know what the next
 Level is like how do we get to a billion?
 How do we get beyond like I couldn't see it and now because I went to these events and I went and I saw these people and I
 experienced these things
 People who were my peers and my friends. I'm like oh my gosh like they've already done it like I think they said Grant wrote a
 $50 million check for his plane in finance. He's just like wrote a check and cash cash the check for his plane, right?
 And I'm I'm looking at that. I'm like now. I'm I keep thinking I'm thinking big and it's like but my belief had been
 Capted a certain level. I was hanging hanging out Brandon Poland a couple weeks ago
 And Brandon said that like there's a leadership cap like whatever the leader believes is how far they can go and
 They'd cap by their skill set and their by their belief level, right?
 It's sometimes like you have a leader that hits us in a spot and like they can't grow so you have to find a new leader
 Or the leader learns how to develop himself and raise his ceiling and raise that sitting higher and higher and higher
 And for me, I think this was really the whole last week was just this this thing where I suddenly believe
 That more is possible and now that I believe now it's like now I got up my skill set to that new level belief
 But like I believe it's possible now. Where's before I didn't I couldn't see it as clearly so for you guys
 I'm saying this because
 If you're not where you want to be at yet the problem is between your ears like that's it
 It's just a mentality. It's just a belief
 And if you don't know how to get that belief and how to shift it man
 It has all 100% to do with the getting our people have already done it
 Because you see other people already done it you're like oh my gosh. They did it like they better than me
 No, like we're all humans, but they figured it out like how like what do I need to do like what do I need to shift
 to myself to be able to get to that level and it's the shift in belief and then the shift in skill set and so
 You know for me it was going to dream force
 It was going hang time with with Brian at prove it is hanging out with Grant Cardone was hanging out with these people who are
 Kind of the next tier to increase my belief and so for you guys
 This is my random pitch
 I'm seeing now the parking lot at the clickfunnels headquarters looking through the window and I can see through the window
 I can see we have a big TV screen that streams
 24 hours a day just all the videos from all the fun of hiking live events and looking right now at all these scenes from fun
 Hacking live from the first one the second one the third one the fourth one and now right now
 We're preparing for the fifth one, which is coming up very very soon and you know in this room
 You will see there's gonna be you know as right now is like 350 400 people that have hit too comic club
 They're gonna be in the room
 So if you if you're sitting here, you're like I want to be in the two comic club
 I'm gonna be a millionaire and you're not sure how to do it because you're you're not around people
 They've already done it so I recommend coming to for lacking live come and experiencing you'd be around those people
 You increase your belief, right?
 And if you're in a million dollars here, you're not trying to feel the next level
 I think this year we've got 35 or 40 people now that have hit ten million dollars in sales
 So come and those people will be sitting here in the room, right? If you want to 100 million
 I'm sitting in the room
 We got other people there as well
 They're gonna be in the room like if you want to if you want to grow there's two things in one you have to increase your belief
 Which fun hacking my will increase your belief what's possible for you and for your company and number two you have to increase your skill sets to
 To match that belief and that's the next phase of it at fun like you live you get the skill sets you need and to be able to grow as well
 So if you don't have your tickets yet go to photo hacking live calm
 I'm sitting here watching the last year's events through this through the through my windshield through the through the window
 To the TV back behind it and remembering what I feel like when I'm there
 I remember the the the radical shifts and changes in people's lives and want that for you as well
 So if you're ever taking shit go to go to photo hacking live calm tickets
 I'm selling out like crazy. We're about to I think we're either doing a price increase
 Excuse me a price increase soon or with always some of the bonuses
 I know where we're almost on the first tier of ticket sales, which is exciting this year will be amazing. It's gonna be in
 We are in Nashville, Tennessee, and so it's just gonna be a fun thing. I put together an amazing event for you guys a little change
 Your life, I promise you that if you make the commitment and you come you will not leave the same
 Your belief will increase your skill set will increase and you'll be able to actually get to the next level where you want to go
 I did it this week. I invested myself. I invested in events
 I went to go find the people to hang out people and to network the people to learn from the people
 That's the same thing you need to do as well
 I do not tell people to do things
 I'm not willing to do myself and you've seen the whirlwind of my week last week which will be
 Similar to the whirlwind of your week at photo hacking live when you come to it
 So I do not miss this game amazing with that said I'm gonna bounce I'm heading into the office to go
 Plan the world domination. I got now the blueprints to go from a hundred million to a billion
 So might as well start on it. So that's the game plan for today guys appreciate you all having amazing day and get your tickets
 Funnel hacking live dot com makes everybody and we'll talk soon
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called dot com secrets
 And you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (upbeat music)
