 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson and welcome to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Next episodes are a really special one for our two Comma Club X members and our inner
 circle members. I did an event recently, some of you guys heard me talk about it, and it
 was a traffic secrets event where I'm getting all the material ready for the book. And the
 night before I was doing all the prep work, I had this thought. I was like, I want to
 bring up somebody on stage and it's somebody who was a friend I grew up with in elementary
 school and junior high and high school. And someone who was down on the luck, who was
 really struggling. And about a year ago, I saw him post on Facebook and I reached out. And this
 interview is happening about a year later. And he tells this story about what happened in the
 transformation and the change that happened by being involved inside of our ClickFunnels
 Funhacker community. And so I wanted to share that with you as part of the event.
 And so this first half is going to be Nick kind of telling his story. And it's going to be the
 story from the bottom of the barrel where they literally made $25,000 a year for three years
 in a row. And then the transformation to this year will lead well over six figures.
 And that's going to be this first podcast. And the second podcast episode is I did a live coaching
 session with him on stage. And I want to show you as well because I think there's a lot of things
 for you specifically that you could get from this episode too. So the next two episodes are going to
 be sharing this really fun conversation that happened at late night at the traffic secrets event
 with my friend Nick Fitzgerald. And if you think that name sounds familiar, I have talked about
 him before his podcast. In fact, a little over a year ago, I did a podcast episode called
 Being a Rainmaker that was a personalized podcast that I sent to Nick specifically to help him with
 what he was struggling with at the time. So anyway, I wanted to share this with you because it'll
 take you full circle to show you kind of the progress and the momentum and things that are
 happening in his life. And I think that it'll be encouraging for you to hear the story.
 Because no matter where you are in your journey right now, if you are struggling, if you're doing
 well, if you're in somewhere in between, there are parts of this story that resonate with you.
 And in the second episode where I coach Nick, I think we'll help everybody as well. So with that
 said, let's jump right in and have some fun. I want to introduce you to my friend Mr. Nick Fitzgerald.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure
 capital for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get our
 products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain
 profitable? That was the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers. My name is Russell
 Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets. All right, so I want to set the tone for the next
 hour or so of what the game plan is. So I have a first initial question that I'm curious about
 with everyone here. I'm Keir's who, since they joined the 2 Comical X program, has had some kind
 of experience with Mr. Nick Fitzgerald. Okay, that's powerful. I'm going to talk about why
 in a little bit, but very, very cool. So some of the backstory behind this and then we're going to
 introduce him up when he comes up. I want you guys to go crazy and scream and cheer and clap
 because it'll be good and then I want him to sit down so he'll be the same height, which will be
 good. It'll be really fun. Some of the backstory, so I actually met Nick the very first time in
 elementary school and even in elementary school he was like a foot and a half taller than me,
 which is amazing. He was like six foot two in like third grade. It was amazing. But we knew each
 other and we were dorky little kids and going up through elementary school, we were just both
 doing our things and we didn't have a care in the world and everything's happening and then
 as we got older, he kept getting taller. I'd stopped growing and then we got into high school
 and he kept growing and he joined the basketball team and I didn't keep growing someone downstairs
 in the basement and literally at our high school in the basement. They called the rubber room and
 it's this room that smells like, I don't even know, but it's under the gym and so he would go
 upstairs and they'd have fans that would show up, people would cheer for them and scream at their
 games. All the girls would come to the games. We go down in the rubber room by ourselves and we
 cut weight and we put on our sweats and we lose weight and we jump rope and we sweat like crazy
 and we sit there. I remember one day after working out for two hours pouring in sweat. I had my plastic
 ears on my sweats on top of that, my hoodie and my hoods and we got the wrestling mats and we
 literally rolled ourselves up in the wrestling mats to keep the heat in and we laid there and
 we're so hot and I can hear the basketball players in the gym up above having so much fun and people
 cheering for them and all the girls were there and I was like, why are we not playing basketball?
 It doesn't make any sense. But during that time, obviously we were in two different kind of worlds
 and we didn't really connect that much and then we left our separate ways and I didn't hear from
 him for years and years and years and then, yes, remember, Facebook first came out? The first
 time you got it and you log in, you're like, oh my gosh, I connect with people and you start like
 searching in the friends you know and then they find their friends. You spend like a day and a half
 like connecting with every person you've ever remembered seeing in your entire life. Do you
 remember that? And so I did that one night. I connected everybody, like everyone in high school,
 everyone in junior high elementary, everyone in every stage of my life as many as I could think
 of and I was like, because everybody, okay, I've connected with everybody and one of those people
 at night was Nick and then, but I didn't say hi, just like friend requested me, requested back.
 I'm like, cool, we're connected and then after that I got kind of bored with Facebook for like a
 year or so and then a little while later I found out you can buy ads on it and I was like, what? This
 is amazing. So we started buying ads and everything's happening and it's crazy. And then what happened
 next, I actually want Nick on stage to tell you this story because I want to hear it from both
 his perspective and my perspective. I think it'd be kind of interesting. So let's do this real quick.
 As you guys know, Nick has been a super valuable part of this community since he came in. I'm
 going to tell us about how he got here and some of the craziness about how he signed up. We probably
 shouldn't have and what's been happening since then because I know you guys have all been part of
 that journey you guys been supporting. How do you guys are going to his event that's happening
 later this week? Like he just keeps giving and serving. He's doing all the right things he's
 telling the story. He's doing some amazing stuff. And so my plan right now is I want to talk about
 the rest of the story. I want to tell you guys what I told him a year ago and then I want to tell
 you guys my advice for removing Ford because I feel like it's almost like in proxy. I wish I could
 do it with everyone you guys to sit down here and just like coach you. But I feel like he's at a
 stage where some of you guys aren't towards that yet and some of you guys are past that and some
 of you guys are right where he's at. And I feel like the advice I want I really want to give him
 will help you guys at all different levels. That's kind of game plan. So with that said, the Santa
 put her hands here for Mr. Nick for Cheryl. Look how tall I am. Man, I feel like.
 Okay. So I hadn't find this post because I wanted to actually share a little piece of it.
 So this I'm going to share a piece that I want to I want to like step back to where you were at
 that time in your life. So this is July 7 2017. So when was that a year and a half ago? Ish?
 I'm gonna have to go. So July 7 2017, there was a post that said long post disclaimer. I hate
 posting this. But a lot, right? So at the time my family's not going to find a vacation or packing
 up the bags and everything. And like, you know, it is you do a bunch of work and you stop for a
 second and your wife and kids are gone. You're like, I'll have to phone just like swap through
 the dream 100. She was happening. And somehow this post pops up at my feed and I see it. I see
 Nick my buddy from like 20 plus years ago. And I'm reading this thing and like my heart like
 sinks for him. Some of the things he says, I hate posting things like this, but I felt like I need
 to for a while. Being poor stinks. He says for those friends of mine who are older, conservative,
 and look down consciously, you know, on people like me, I can honestly tell you that I'm not a lazy
 freeloader who wants something for nothing. I'm not a deadbeat who wants Obama or whoever to
 blame now to buy me a phone. I'm not a low life trying to get the government to pay for my
 liposuction. I'm not a druggie who eats steak and lobster for dinner with my food stamps. I'm a
 father of four, a husband, someone who lost everything financially, including our home,
 when the time came to have your health care in place or to get fine, I went through the process.
 Based on my family size and income, we referred for the state to apply for those programs. We
 couldn't get coverage for ourselves to the exchange of the places. We qualified for Medicaid. After
 the process was complete, the state workers suggested we tried to get some some other help,
 some food stamps. He says, in 2016, I made $25,000. $25,000 plus our tax returns from the previous year. So
 our family of six living on $25,000 a year is being audited for receiving too much help,
 too much assistance. It kind of goes on and on and on with that. So I've never used drugs or
 alcohol. I've never been tried them. I'm just a guy trying to live the American dream and provide
 for his family. It's unfortunate when we look down on those who are trying to better lives,
 even if it leads them from receiving help from the systems in place to help them. Look down
 on me if you want. I don't care. I know the truth. My family is healthy and sheltered. That's
 all that matters. I don't want you to trust anyone else. It kind of goes on from there.
 So I want to take back to that moment and talk about what your experience and what you're
 going through during that time. I don't expect this, but I'm a friendly giant,
 but I'm a big boob, too. Back at that time, so I had started what I thought was, I started
 my entrepreneurial journey. I was working in film full-time, working 12, 14, 16-hour days,
 making 200 bucks a day, just killing myself for my family. Going through the process of
 lost my job because I wasn't going to hit myself, I was a financial advisor, and I wasn't going to
 hit my sales number. So my ticket was stamped. So I said, "Okay, I'm going to do my own thing."
 And in the course of all of that, it was time to get your health insurance and those things.
 I went through the proper channels like I felt like I should, and I was referred to the government
 for the programs because of based on the numbers. And for as a provider, as a father, and an athlete
 competitor, I felt like a failure. When you have to rely on somebody else or somebody else
 tells you, "Hey, we don't think you can do this on your own. Come over here and we'll take care
 of you." That's basically what I was told. And so it was hard to accept that and to live with that
 reality. I worked hard and it was a blessing really to not have to worry about how much health care
 costs or have some things to supplement to feed our family and stuff. So it was great and it was
 wonderful. But then I got the email from the state and saying, "Hey, you're being audited. We
 were just looking at things and we're not sure if you've been getting too much help."
 And so at that point, I'm just sitting there frustrated because I'm working my butt off,
 just trying to make things happen, become somebody involved in the film community in Utah.
 And I was. And everyone knew me and I had a reputation, but I still was a nobody in the eyes
 of the government. And so I went to Facebook to wine looking for what I wanted,
 which was a pat on the back and like, "They're there, Nick. You're doing-- we know you're good
 dude and you're working hard." And that kind of thing. And I did. I was reading comments last night.
 I said, "Oh, do you're doing a good job, man? Good luck." I was like, "Bating him out. Tough life
 can be." And so I got what I wanted, but it still didn't change anything. I still had to submit
 my last two years of tax returns and all of the pay that I got and everything like that. So they
 could look at our case number, not Nick, Lisa, Chloe, you and Alec William. So yeah.
 So it was just one of those things. So I got what I wanted. Then comes Russell to give me what I needed,
 which was. So I saw that and I'm like, attacking the kids bags and everything. And I was like,
 "Ah, do I say something?" I don't be that guy. Like, "Hey, 20 years ago." And I was like,
 "I got filming this and I finally was like, "Hey, man, I know we haven't talked in like over 20 years.
 There's a Facebook session. We haven't talked in like 20 years. I saw your post today and it sucks.
 And I know what's wrong and I can help." But at the same time, I don't want to be that guy and I don't want to step on my toes.
 I know we haven't talked in 20 years. I have no idea if it's even appropriate, but I know what's wrong.
 I can help you. And no, this is not some cheesy animal I'm trying to pitch you on.
 But if you're in some coaching, I know what's wrong. And that kind of waited. And that's
 packing the bags and stuff like that. I'm curious, like, your thoughts initially as you saw that.
 Well, it's funny because my phone is kind of blown up with the comments, right? So I would hear the
 little ding and I would check. And then I saw that it was a message from Russell. And we had,
 like, we'd said like, "Hey, what's up?" And like, had a few tiny little small talk conversations,
 but nothing in depth personal, right? And so I saw that he sent a message. So I'm like,
 "Sweet." So I look at it and I was half expecting because I knew that he was successful. I didn't
 know about click funnels per se. Like, I knew that he had something going on that was awesome,
 but I didn't know what it was. So I was wondering, I wonder what he's going to say,
 what he has to say about things. But I read it. And it was funny because when you said, like,
 I don't want to overstep my bounds. I don't want to, you know, it's been a long time. I don't want
 to step on toes kind of thing. Russell, we all know his athletic accolades and stuff. I was
 a great basketball player too. I was in the top 200 players in the country, my senior year and
 stuff like that. So I've been coachable and I've played at high levels and been coached by high
 little guys. And so when I read it and he said, "I know what's wrong and I can help you." I was like,
 "Yes." You know, that was my reaction. I just did the little, you know, the little fist pump.
 Let's do this, right? And so I replied back and I thanked him for reaching out and stuff. And I just
 said, "I think I've been said I'm coachable." Like, I will accept any guidance and things like that
 because up and to that point in my life, especially with sports, if a coach showed me something,
 I would do it with the way he did it. And I would kick the other dudes. But I didn't care. I've
 played against guys who made millions of dollars in the NBA. I don't, I posterize on Sean Marion,
 the one who's at UNLV, my freshman year of college. Like, I started as a freshman at a
 division one school in college. So like, I would take, I've always been that kind of, when I get
 that guidance in that direction, I can put it to work. So I was just like, "Dude, Mr. Miyagi,
 right?" You're like, "Teach me." I'm eight days older than him. So I'm like, "Young grass
 hopper, yes, you can teach me," right? That kind of thing. So I welcomed it and I was excited. I had
 no idea because again, I didn't know what he did. I just knew he had a level of success that I
 didn't have. And if he was willing to give me some ideas, I was gonna hear him out for sure.
 It was fun. So then I messaged it back because I'm like packing the cars and I was like, "We
 got it. No, we got to go." I was like, "Ah!" So I get the thing out. I was like, "All right,
 this is the deal. I'm driving to bare legs. It's like a six-hour drive right now. I'm gonna
 give you an assignment. If you do it, then I'll give you the next piece. But most people will never
 do it. So if you don't, that's cool. And all this snow is not worth time. But if it's really
 worth your time, do this thing. I need you to go back and listen to my podcast in episode one.
 And listen to as many episodes as possible. And if you do that, I'll make you customize episode
 just for you telling you exactly what's wrong and how to fix it. But you have to do that first.
 And I'm not telling you this because of some ego trip. But just trust me, the problem is not
 that your skill set. You have mad skill that you're gonna get everything. It's all a problem
 between your ears. If we can shift that, we can shift everything else. And then I jumped to my car
 and took off and I started driving for six hours. And then the next day or the day later, you're
 like, "I'm 14 episodes in." He was still listening to crappy ones according to Stephen Larson.
 And you're on top. Yeah, that's true. The mark, you know, the first piece. He's probably like,
 "This is the worst thing I've ever heard ever." But he did it, right? I said, "Do it." He said,
 "Did it." And kept doing it, kept doing it. And so two days into my family vacation,
 I had Nora. He has all known Nora, right? She's the coolest. But she won't go to bed at night.
 She's a nightmare. Don't let the cute face trick you. She's evil, right? And so I'm like,
 "I can't even go to sleep." So finally I was like, "I'm gonna plug her in the car and drive around
 the lake until she falls asleep. So plug in the car, strap it in, and I start driving." And I'm like,
 "This could be a long, long, he's just smiling back here." And I'm like, "Oh." And I was like,
 "You know what? I'm gonna do my episode for Nick." So I got my phone out. I clicked record.
 And for almost an hour, didn't I? It was an hour. I'm driving around the lake. And I'm explaining to
 him what I see. Is anyone here listening to that episode? I'm curious. Yeah.
 Case, I'm gonna map out really quick the core concept because some of you is maybe stuck in this.
 Because the goal of this, what I want to do is I want to map this out. And then what's funny is
 last year at Bear Lake. So a year later, we had this thing on it. I was like, "We should do a second
 round." Right? A year later, this is what, like, the advice now. And I wrote a whole outline for it,
 and I totally never did it. And so I'm gonna go with the outline until now, kind of show them the
 next phase. So you cool if I still kind of, what I talked about? For sure. All right. For those who
 missed the podcast episode, who haven't been been to listening, you've all failed the test. Now you
 must go back to episode number one. Listen to the cheesy jingle and get to episode four on,
 whatever it looks. I said this. I said, "Okay, if you look at any business, any organization,
 there's three core people." Right? The first one is the person at the top who is the entrepreneur.
 Okay? That said, the cool thing about the entrepreneur is the entrepreneur is the one that makes
 the most amount of money. Right? Like, they had this little thing, they had the most amount of money.
 The problem with the entrepreneurs, they all said the most risk. So the more likely to like lose
 everything. Right? Like, I've lost everything multiple times because I'm like the guy risking
 everything. But the nice thing is, like, "I want to first write it on paycheck. There's no ceilings."
 Right? So they can make as much as they want. They can make a million, 10 million, 100 million,
 they can do whatever they want because there's no ceiling. Right? So that's the first personality
 type. So the second personality type over here is what we call the technicians. Okay? The technicians
 are the people that actually do the work. Right? It was funny if you look at this. These are,
 people go to college with the technicians, right? And what do they do? They look down on
 entrepreneurs. They look down on sales. People are like, "Oh, you're in sales?" Like, "What,
 are you a doctor?" They're crying out loud in the night. But they're like, "They look down on people
 like us." Right? Because like, "I'm a doctor. I went to 45 years of school." Now, what's interesting
 is that there's technicians in all sorts of different spots. Right? I actually feel bad. I shouldn't say
 this out loud. But on the airport here, I was, saw one of my friends who's an amazing doctor.
 And him and his wife were leaving on a trip and we were talking. And he said, "This is the first trip
 my wife and I have been on in 25 years together by ourselves." I was like, "What?" He's like,
 "Well, we had medical school and then we had kids and then we had a payoff medical school and all
 these things. Now the kids are gone and now we finally have a chance to leave." I was like, "Wow,
 our whole life are fed that like medical school become a doctor's this anyway." Right? That's a
 rant for the other day. But I was like, "There's technicians." Right? And what's interesting about
 technicians is they don't have any risk, right? So there's no risk whatsoever. But they do have a,
 there's a price ceiling on every single person that's a technician, right? And depending on what job you
 have, your pricing is different. So doctor, the price ceiling is, "I have no idea, doctor should
 make 500 grand a year." It's like the pricing. That's amazing. But like, that's, they can't go above
 that, right? And different tasks, different roles, different positions, all have different
 price ceilings. But there's like, you know, this role as a technician makes about this much and
 this one makes this much and you're all kind of these things, right? And so the problem with you
 right now, you have these amazing skill sets, but you are stuck as a technician in a role
 where they're tapping out with the only thing you can make is 25k a year. And remember, I asked
 you, I'm like, "What have you been doing?" You're like, "Oh, I've been networking, I've been learning,
 I've been getting my skills up. I'm getting amazing." I'm like, "That's amazing. Your skills are awesome,
 but your ceiling's 25k a year." Yeah. No matter how good you get, you are stuck because you're in a
 technician role right now. I said, "So you got a couple of options. Number one is going to be
 coming on streamer, which is scary, especially you got four kids at home. You don't have money
 anyway, right?" I'm so eternally grateful that when I started this game, my, I mean, first off,
 when you have kids, my wife was working, we didn't have any money, but I didn't have
 to have any money that time. And I'm so grateful that I was able to do this at times. I was able to
 risk things that nowadays is hard. Like, if you come jump out on your own, initially, I'm just like,
 "Boom, I'm not your new, we're not like, I'm selling this stuff." That's scary, right? Because
 you've got all this, all this risk. So I was like, "That's the thing that's going to be really, really
 hard." I said, "But there's good news. There's one more spot in this ecosystem." And the cool
 that I spot is that it's just like the entrepreneur is no ceiling. Now, the third spot over here,
 it's what we call the rainmakers, right? Yeah. The rainmakers are the people that come into a
 business and they know how to make a rain. This is the people who know how to bring people into a
 company. Okay? Leads, every leads and they know all this traffic stuff are talking about. These
 people know how to sell the leads and actually get money out of people's wallets and put it into
 the hands of the entrepreneur. These people right here, the rainmakers don't have ceilings. In fact,
 companies who give the rainmakers the ceiling are the stupidest people in the world because the
 rainmaker will hit the ceiling and then they'll stop, right? If you're smart and you have a company
 of rainmakers, people driving traffic, people doing sales, if you have a ceiling, they will hit it and
 then they will stop. Okay? But you get rid of the ceiling and then all of a sudden they have
 much that they want. They have less risk than the entrepreneur but they have the ability to make
 unlimited amount of money. I said, "Your skill set over here as a technician is worth 25k a year."
 "Do you take your skill set?" You shift it over here. You say, "I come into companies. I'm a
 rainmaker. I create videos. I create stories that will sell more products, more things. Something
 you're not worth $25,000. Now you're worth $100,000. You're worth $500,000 with all sorts. You're
 worth whatever you're able to do because there's no ceiling anymore." And that was the point of the
 podcast. I got done sending it and then I sent it to him and I sent it to my brother to edit and
 I have no idea what you thought about it at that point. It's been talked a lot about it a lot about
 it but I'm curious where you went from there. So the first thing, you know, being told that I was
 really only worth 25,000 in the eyes of the people who were hiring me. That was a punch in the gut.
 That sucks to hear. Thanks, man. And you know, it was just like, because I literally was working 12,
 14, 16 hour days, lifting heavy stuff. I did a lot with lighting and camera work. Not necessarily
 the story writing stuff but you know, I was, and it was for him to put it so perfectly that I was
 a technician. I thought going in. So when I failed as an advisor and I started my own company or
 started doing videos for people and being so scared to charge somebody 250 bucks for a video,
 being like, "Oh, they're going to say no." You know, that kind of thing. And now,
 you know, I wouldn't blink my eyes for that. But you know, it's like one of those things
 for him to tell it to me that way and just straightforward being like,
 like, you're you are. You're learning great skills. You're meeting amazing people. I worked with Oscar
 winners and Emmy winners and stuff in the movies and shows that I worked on. But again, I was only
 worth that much. They had they had a finite amount of money and I was a small part of it. So I got
 a small piece. And so listening to all of that and then hearing the entrepreneur, like, the risk
 and stuff, I'm a, I'm a, I'm really tall. I'm 6'9" if you didn't know. I'm a sink or swim guy,
 but because I'm tall, I can reach the bottom of the pool a lot easier. So when I jumped in, like,
 we had lost as a financial advisor, we lost our home and we lost all these things. So I was like,
 I have nothing else to lose. Like, worst case scenario. And I had never heard that mindset before.
 We were renting a basement from a family member. We had our cars were paid off, you know, like,
 worst case scenario is we stay there and get food stamps and that kind of thing. There was nowhere
 to go but up from there. So for me, I was just so excited. I'm like, I want to be a Rainmaker.
 I want to be an entrepreneur but I didn't know where to find the people that I could do that for.
 So I was in this thing where I was still getting lots of calls to work as a technician,
 but I didn't want to do that anymore. I didn't want to put myself, my body, my family,
 through me being gone. And then when I'm home, I'm just a bump on the log because I'm so wiped out,
 you know, all that kind of stuff. And so that was my biggest first thing,
 action point for me as I started thinking, okay, how do I transition out of this? How do I get myself
 out and start meeting the right people, the right kinds of clients who do have budgets and
 things like that? And how do I make it rain for them? So that's when I made that shift from
 working as a technician. I told myself I'm not going to do it anymore. The last time I technically
 worked as a technician was about nine months ago. It was for a friend, you're right. And so I made
 that shift. And it was just amazing. Like Russell was talking about earlier, when you start to
 track it or when it's part of your mindset, things start to show up and happen. You meet the right
 people and stuff. And so those things just started just by listening to that one hour long thing,
 I started changing. And then the black box, I got expert secrets and dot com secrets and started
 going through that as well. And it was just like, you see in the funnel hacker TV, like he goes
 that moment where the guy goes, "Baw!" Like that's what happened with me. It was like a whole new
 world, you know, like Aladdin was singing. He was Aladdin and I was Jasmine, right? With the beard.
 I can show you the world. Exactly. So, but that's what really like literally happened with me.
 So it's cool. All right, so this is like summertime. And so he's going through this process now,
 figuring things, changing, shifting things like changing his mindset. We go through the summer,
 we go through Christmas, and then last year's funnel hacking live, we went February and March,
 last year. March. And so we forced funnel hacking live. We kind of touched base and once
 one of my singing that things were going, it's like, "Oh, things are going good." And figured things out.
 And then, "Flak Live is coming." And I remember because we're sitting there and I think he messes me
 or something like, "Oh, funnel hacking is awesome." I wish I could make it. I was like, "Why don't you
 come?" And you're like, "Ah, I just can't make it yet." I was like, "How are this, man? I guarantee
 you, if you show up, it'll change your life forever. I'm not going to pay for flights in your hotel,
 but if you can figure out how to get there, I'll give you a free ticket." And that's the last I said.
 And if you can come, let me know. And that's it. And I didn't really know much because
 you guys know the middle funnel hacking live. Like my life is chaos. I'm trying to figure out
 how to juggle them and all that stuff. Right? And so next thing I know, funnel hacking live,
 we're sitting there and during the session looking out and I see Nick standing there in the audience.
 And I was like, "I have no idea how he got there, but he's there." Like, freaking good for him.
 Like that's, that's... And I've read, "How did you get there? I wasn't probably an easy process for you,
 is it?" No. Credit cards, right? It was one of those things I looked at flights. As soon as we had
 that conversation, you know, it was funny because I can't remember what was going on, but it was a
 day or two before I responded back to his invitation. And I was like, "I'd be stupid to say no. You
 know, I have no idea how I'm going to get there. I think I just said, "I'll hitchhike if I have to
 get there." Right? Could you imagine this giant Sasquatch on the Route 66 trying to get to Florida,
 right? But I told my wife about it and you know, this is where... Russell and I have this in common,
 like my wife is incredible and super supportive and she let me go and we didn't have the money in
 the bank. So I said, "I'm going to put this on the credit card and as soon as I get back, I'm going
 to go to work and it'll pay it off. You know, I'll get a couple of clients and it'll be fine."
 And so I booked the hotel. Luckily, I was able to get somebody who wasn't going to be able to go
 at the last minute and I got their hotel room and I got the flight and I came in and I was in the
 tornado warnings, like circling the airport for five hours like the rest of you were. But...
 So I got there and I just remember I was just so excited and like walking in the room the very
 first day like the doors open and well you all know what it's like. I don't have to relive the
 story but like... I walked in and I had like the hair on my arms and it was just like... Right? It
 was just like incredible. Just the energy and the feeling and I was like, "This is so cool." And
 then the very first speech like I was like, "That was worth every penny to get here. If I left right
 now it would have all been worth it." Right? And you all know because you're sitting here. You
 felt that too. So that was my... Like getting there was like, "Honey, I know we don't have the money.
 We have space on the credit card and when I get home I swear I'll work hard and it'll be okay."
 Right? And she's like, "Okay, go." And so I did and it's cool. All right, so now I want to talk
 about not day one or day two but on day three of "Fol
 of the Year." And I was like, "Oh, I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more young than I am. I'm going to be a little bit more
 young than I am. I'm going to be amazing. Then the price came. Seriously, the rest of the night I was
 just like the rest of the presentation and everything after that I was just kind of like
 zoned out. I just didn't know what to do because I knew I needed it so badly but I was like
 that's almost twice what we're paying in rent right now. It was just like how am I going to justify
 this when I'm on food stamps and Medicaid and all this kind of stuff. I'm yes I'm on that but I
 drop this money on a coaching program. I'm like, "I'm his internet coach." Right.
 I'm having this mental battle. I get back home to my room that night and I didn't go hang out with
 people or I just was not feeling it. I remember texting my wife on the walk back to the room and I
 took the long way around the pond just slowly depressively meandering back to my room. I'm texting
 her and I'm telling her how amazing it was and what the program would do and all that kind of stuff.
 She's like, "That sounds great." I'm purposely not saying how much it's going to cost just to get
 her excited about it so then I can maybe do a stack with her. I'm like, "Well for this mess,
 see if I can try it." I didn't but I failed when it came to doing that and I told her the price and
 she's like, "That's a lot of money. How are you going to pay for it?" I'm like, "I don't know."
 I'm like the only thing I could do because I have to sign up while I'm here and pay for it while I'm
 here. I could put it on the credit card and then we will figure it out. We talked a lot and I
 talked to my dad and it was the same thing. He was just like, "That's a lot." The scarcity of
 mine said that a lot of us have with our family members and support system that aren't, don't think
 who aren't the crazy ones. I went to bed and I got emotional and stuff like that and I slept so,
 so bad. I just didn't sleep very well that whole night. Again, I talked to my wife again in that
 next morning and we just said, "It would be awesome but I can't do it so I'm just going to work hard
 and just figure something out and then if it ever opens up again then I'll be in a position to do
 it." I left my room that morning with that in my mind. I made the mistake of keeping my wallet
 in my pocket though because I'm here. Again, the long walk back and kind of get myself a pep talk
 like, "Don't worry about that kind of stuff. Just get more value out of it, meet more people."
 That's when I left my room the next morning. That was where my mind was. What happened next?
 I walked into the room and Kevin Anson, who I had, it's funny, he does a lot of editing for
 ClickFunnels and he and I had actually met independent of ClickFunnels before. It was one of those
 things like, "Oh, you did it. Oh my gosh." It was like two months after we'd met. I was talking to him,
 just chit chatting and I just had, right then in my mind, is like, "Walk over to the table
 and sign up. If you don't do it now, you're never going to do it." It was just one of those things
 because I had given myself that speech, that whole five-minute walk across the property.
 I finished up talking with him and I just said, "I'll be right back." I walked straight over to the table,
 got out the credit card and wrote it all down and I'm like, "I don't even know what my limit is,
 so I hope whenever they run this that it goes through or I don't know what's going to happen."
 So I did and I got that little silver ribbon that we all got and again, like the chills. I was
 just like, "Holy crap, this is amazing." I put it on my little lanyard thing and I was just like,
 "I couldn't believe it." I was just like, the adrenaline and all that stuff that I'm doing it
 and my wife is going to kill me when I get back home. So that's, then I went and got my seat and
 I just was like, floating. I was just like, so amped. I could have Stephen Larson it and just like,
 screamed over the noise of everybody else and it would have been very, you would have heard it,
 right? So that's what I did that morning. I was like, "Nope, I'm not going to do it,
 not going to do it, not going to do it." I walked in 60 seconds, done. You have my money, right?
 So I'm curious, when did you tell your wife? It's like a marriage counseling session.
 Do you have a couch I can lay down on? No, big couch.
 So I got home and I didn't tell her at all. I didn't.
 I said, "Okay, the clock is ticking. I have 30 days till that hits again."
 Or, you know, 20 days till the credit card statement comes and she's like, "Wait, why is there an
 extra 2,000 bucks on here?" Right? And so I just said, "I've got some time because my wife is,
 she's 5'3", she's dainty little petite lady. But, you know, she's not scary, I guess. But like,
 I was like, "Oh, this is the first time I was really like scared to tell her something in our marriage."
 So I just said, "I'm just going to hit the road hard and see what I can come up with."
 To at least cover the 1800 and the hotel, like for what I racked up at Funnel Hacking Live
 and then that will give me another 30 days to figure something out, right?
 So I went and I never told her until the credit card statement came and she saw it and she's like,
 "What's this?" But, what happened before that?
 "Oh, I don't know. Do you have something after that or do you want me to go into this next part?"
 Okay. So me going to work in like, I got to find it. And it was funny, like that night at Funnel
 Hacking Live, I went on Facebook and I created like some like, you know, half thought through offer
 where I was like, "Hey, if I can get, if I can get like five people locally where I'm at to like
 do a monthly load number where I create a couple of videos from a month old retainer,
 that'll cover it and I can figure it." But nobody nibbled on it, right?
 So I got home and I started, you know, just trying to figure stuff out and I had met another lady
 who had a company and she used click, uses click funnels for her course. It was funny,
 I talked to her before I went to Funnel Hacking Live and we were talking and she was like,
 "You know, click funnels?" I was like, "That's so crazy. I do." You know?
 Because I'd never met anybody else that had. And so I got home and I shot a little video with her,
 it was a test to do some modules for her course and she loved it and it was great. And so we were
 talking about, she had like 20 videos she wanted to do and we were talking about budget and I just
 said, "You know what? For that much, for those, that many videos and all this kind of stuff,
 it's going to be $25,000." And she didn't even blink. She was like, "Perfect. That's great."
 Right?
 [Applause]
 And thank you. And uh, oh, thank you.
 [Applause]
 You guys!
 [Applause]
 You're going to let me come!
 [Applause]
 Thank you.
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 And that was
 like maybe two weeks after I got home that that happened.
 And I left her house and I tried my hardest not to do like a jump heel click
 going down her driveway, her out to my car. And I got around the corner and I messaged
 Russ when I was like, "Dude, you'll never guess." I just called my first five-figure deal and this is
 what it was and you know, and he was like, "That's so cool." You know? But it was um, the whole
 plot, the Oklahoma thing, like, I would never have the guts to ask for something like that. I know that I
 should and that my skills and what I can do are worth that and more and it's been proven to me again
 and again since then. But to ask the first time, that first time you have a big
 ask and like you're just throwing yourself out there and if she would have said no, what, now what am I going to do?
 Because I actually done another pitch where I did like a webinar pitch where I had a stack
 and slides and stuff because it was for a chamber of commerce. I wanted to charge them like
 2,500 a month to do like four videos for a year.
 And I did the whole thing like if you do it, it's 2,500 a month or if you do it all
 right now, it's that, you know, I got a whole, and they passed on it.
 I was like, oh, so it was just one of those things where it being around
 y'all, right? Like being, that was my first experience being around entrepreneurs really.
 I have friends that have had businesses, but like, I felt weird for wanting to create
 my own thing or being selfish because I have four kids like why don't you go get a real job?
 All those conversations that you hear and have with yourself, especially when things aren't going great.
 But it was, it was like, okay, I have to get it done or I have to drop out.
 And I just, even in that short amount of time, I had received so much value
 from the people that I had been beginning to meet. And then as the content started coming out,
 I was like, there's no way that I could live without this after having a taste of it, right?
 So that was my, I just had to get it done and it worked out.
 Amazing.
 I love that story.
 [applause]
 Alright, so since then, how do you guys watch his, uh, your daily or almost daily,
 Facebook lives? Pretty much almost daily, like I'll miss something.
 He's watching his daily Facebook lives-ish.
 Okay? He's doing what he's saying, right?
 He's doing it. He's doing it. He's doing it. I see it over, it's over.
 I see it. I see it. He comes to my feet. He pops my thing over and over.
 He's talking about it. He's attracting people. He's telling stories.
 All the stuff we're talking about, he's been doing it.
 Okay, but part of it was like he had to have that emotion, that plot to a poem a moment,
 and then he hit it, and then it's just like, he's been running and running and running.
 And it's been so insanely fun to watch the progress and the growth.
 I mean, he's, to me, has no, he put out an event that's coming up this weekend and sold out in like five seconds.
 He's like, "Oh, I sold out. Should I, like, make it bigger?" I'm like, "No!"
 People should respond, "You faster, it's their fault."
 Like, sell it out, 'cause next time it'll be easier to sell out again.
 Be dead by doing tons of value.
 Telling stories, telling stories, telling stories, providing more value to you guys,
 to other entrepreneurs, other people in the community, and people are noticing, right?
 All the stuff we're talking about today, he's doing it.
 Consistently, consistently, and consistently doing it.
 Okay? I have a so cool one in order to go from here.
 All right, I don't want to go from here.
 Okay. Before I move into this, was it scary?
 All of it? Scary? Oh, yeah.
 Well, this is what, back to my competitive days, I didn't care who, I've played against the best players in the country at high levels.
 And I didn't care if you were going to the NBA being recruited by Duke, and once we got in the lines,
 I didn't care who you were, I was going to make you look silly.
 I would, I would hold, I was, you wouldn't score a point on me, or I would just, like, outwork you,
 and if you wanted to get anywhere, I was in your face the whole time, right?
 And so, this was a whole different game for me.
 I remember Myron talking about, in his speech at Funnel Hacking Live,
 like, you have to stay in the game long enough to learn the game,
 and I was new to this game, like brand new, like, less than, less than 12 months when I went to Funnel Hacking Live, right?
 And it was, it was terrifying because, not necessarily because I didn't think I could do it,
 I was just worried when, how long it would take, really.
 Like, am I going to go and I'm just going to spin my wheels and it's going to be 15 years, like, 20, 99,
 and I'm wheeling up across to get my reward from him and his wheelchair, and I was like,
 "Hey, buddy!"
 You know, that kind of thing, or, like, I just didn't know how to make it happen quick, and that kind of stuff,
 so I was definitely scared, not necessarily failing because I had failed before,
 but I was just scared how long it was going to take.
 Well, the best moments for me was the summer, him and his family were driving home from,
 I can't remember where, when they're driving through boys, he's like,
 "Why'd I say, "Hi, my kids want to meet, my wife wants to meet you?"
 And, obviously, it was a scary thing, you have to mess with someone's wife or kid,
 you have to hate me.
 And I remember it, and then I started thinking, like, "Oh, my gosh, like, he spent all his money coming out here,
 and then he bought the thing, like, she might legitimately want to kill me."
 Like, "I have no idea. I was a little bit nervous, and I came and met them at the kids, super cool,
 and some of the coolest thing, your wife just looked at me, she said, "Thank you."
 And I was like, "How cool is that?"
 Like, just the coolest thing, like, "Thank you for convincing him for sure."
 Whatever the things are to do this thing.
 I think sometimes, as entrepreneurs, we feel the guilt or the nervousness of like,
 "Ah, should I sell somebody something? Like, is it right? Is it wrong?"
 It's like, you have to understand that when you're doing it, like, it's not a selfish thing for you.
 It's like, "How do I get this person to take the action they need to do?"
 Because most people don't do it until they make an investment. It's just the human nature.
 They'll keep dinking around and dinking around.
 They'll do whatever it is, but until, like, they have a commitment,
 until they make that covenant, like, when Meijer talked about earlier, people don't change.
 Right?
 And so, in any aspect of life, if you want something to make a change,
 there's got to be something that caused enough pain to cause the change,
 which is why we have the program. We could have priced the program really cheap.
 I was like, "No, we legitimately wanted to make a plot for pulling them home for everybody."
 You notice when the program signed up, not everybody who signed up is here today.
 Some people fell away, some people left, things happened, right? I totally understand.
 But I wanted to make it painful enough that we get people to move.
 And there are people in this room I've joked about, like, Nick probably shouldn't have bought that.
 If you would ask me, "No, dude, what are you thinking? Why would you do that?"
 As a friend, like, "This is weird, but I'm so great. Are you grateful you did?"
 Absolutely.
 I think we're some Marie Larson. She's still in here.
 I talked about this in the podcast. Yes. She was in the same situation.
 Like, she should not have signed up for it. It's insane.
 I think I saw this text. She said, "Sebon, she's like,
 "How much did you have in your bank account when you signed up for it?"
 I came on the phone last $70 for bank.
 $70 in the bank account, $1,800 a month bill she signed up for, right?
 And then she started happening and she was freaking out, it's going.
 And if you guys haven't listened to the podcast, "Lean in yet," I told this whole story.
 But he got nervous, right? Month one hit, month two happened.
 She's like, "Oh my gosh, I need to leave. I can't afford this."
 And she talked to Steven and Steven's like, "Well, you could leave and walk away."
 Or you could lean in.
 And so she said, "Ah, okay, I'm going to lean in."
 And she leaned in and I've watched this, her business,
 over the last three, four, five, six months is growing.
 It's growing and it's growing because she leaned in.
 Tough times will come. Every single time it comes.
 But like those who lean in are the ones who make it through that
 and then who grow and who build to use businesses.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again. And really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing,
 pull your phone out and actually text me a message, okay?
 And the phone that we need to text is 208-231-379-7.
 Once again, it's 208-231-379-7. When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is it will add you to my phone.
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone.
 And then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag,
 giving you away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area,
 and a whole bunch more. So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-379-7.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
