 Hey everybody welcome to the Mark E. Secret's podcast. I'm so excited here on stage right now in the two comic Club X
 Event with mr. Nick this Gerald on stage now a year ago. I gave a podcast to him
 About how to make it rain and this is section number two now those you don't know in the last
 12 months since I did that podcast he is the making it rain and he's been changing his life his family's life
 But more importantly other people's lives as well. It's been really cool
 So that's what we cover today during this episode of the podcast
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 So welcome back you guys. I'm here on stage with Nick Fitzgerald so excited
 So I made a list of seven things that if I was just sitting in a room with him in front of a whole bunch of people
 I'd be like hey Nick you're doing awesome. Here's some things to look at and I think will help you a lot and what you're doing
 All right, so number one
 When you so when when Nick first kind of meant
 Starting to this movement that he's trying to create
 I don't know when it was if you created this before after when did you create the Star Wars video?
 This was
 So we talked in July it was September October so a few months later. How many of you have seen his Star Wars video?
 Okay, I'm so glad we have maybe for those who are listening about 10% of them raise their hand other 90%
 Who are friends and followers and fans of Nick have never seen the Star Wars video?
 Okay, his Star Wars video is his origin story and it is one of the best videos
 I have it by far the best way I've seen him do it is insanely good. It comes what do I court?
 I talk about what happened in the video. It's insanely good
 so I told the story of
 I'm a huge Star Wars nerd so if you didn't know that now you do but
 When I was young my grandma who lived in the same neighborhood as me
 She took me to go see Return of the Jedi in the movie theater
 And I was such a Star Wars nerd even at a young age
 That when I was playing at the neighbor's house and you know, it's the 80s
 So mom and dad are like Nick come home for dinner right that kind of thing. I would ignore them
 And I would not come home until they called me Luke
 Not no lie
 I would make them call me Luke. I would ignore them. I would not hear them and I would listen high school
 I would have teased him relentlessly. Yeah, and so
 So my grandma took me and I remember going and it was so fun because
 We took the bus and it was just a fun thing and we went
 I just remember walking in and handing my ticket to the ticket person and then like popcorn and
 The just the smells of everything and like again
 This is the 80s so like walking in the movie theater like I almost lost a shoe in the like sticky soda, right?
 Like that
 Going on and I just remember how my feet stuck to the floor and all that stuff and then just being so excited to see my heroes
 on the big screen and Darth Vader and I just remember watching it and
 This is such a silly thing to get emotional about but you know just remember the
 Emperor and
 Darth Vader dying and all that stuff. It was just like, you know, I just like it was a perfect day
 Excuse me. Oh, sorry sound dude
 But it was just a perfect day with my grandma who has always been dear to me
 And so the the purpose of that video
 You know, I put it off for a long time. I knew I needed to tell my own story
 if I'm gonna be helping somebody else tell theirs and
 I put it off for a long time because I
 Working through things I was afraid that if it sucked if the story was terrible if
 The visuals were crappy that that was a reflection on me and my skills
 I you know, I had worked on a bazillion hallmark Christmas movies
 You know how they put out like 17 trillion Christmas movies every year
 If one of those sucks, which I know offensive like they're not
 Rivoting
 That wasn't a reflection on me
 I was just doing the lighting or the camera like I didn't write the story it wasn't my story
 But this was me and so I put it off for a long time because I knew that if it didn't if I didn't execute
 How I envisioned it that it would reflect poorly on me and it would be like I was a fraud, right? So
 The purpose of the video had there were three purposes one to tell a story and to get people to connect with me on
 A personal level as I told that story here
 How many of you remembered your feet sticking to the floor of a movie theater?
 How many of you like when I'm talking about the smell of popcorn in that sound you you felt and heard and smelled that right?
 And so it was one thing I wanted people to connect with me and to see that I was just like you, right?
 Then I wanted to show that I could make a pretty picture
 You know so I had that and I used my family members as the actors and then I went and talked about how you know
 And then I wanted to use it to
 Build credibility. I've worked on 13 future films and two television series and shot news for the NBC affiliate and worked in tons of commercials
 So I've I've learned from master storytellers
 And now I want to help other people find and tell their story and then I showed clips of stories that I've helped tell throughout the years, right?
 And so that was I just remember I
 Specifically when I finally went made it live like I made a list of about 20 people
 My dream 100 I guess you could say that I said I just wanted to like send them be like hey
 I made this video
 I'd love for you to watch it and like you know rustles on that list and so I sent that out and I made it live
 And then it was just kind of funny like in a day. It didn't go viral
 It was like I got like 5,000 views in a day, you know, I was like whoa
 kind of thing but
 It was just one of those things that I knew that I needed to tell my story
 And if I wanted to have any credibility as a storyteller not as a videographer
 but as a storyteller being able to help people connect and
 Connect hearts and build relationships with their audience that I needed
 I had to knock it out of the park and so that was my attempt at doing that and the video is amazing for the 10% of the room
 We saw it is amazing now my point here for Nick, but also for everyone here
 I wrote down is tell your story too much. It's only 10% of this room has ever seen that video ever heard it
 How many guys have heard about Taylor good story more than a dozen times?
 Almost the entire room feels you're listening, okay?
 Tell your story to the point where you are so sick and tired of telling the story and hearing it that like you just want to kill
 Yourself and then tell it again and then tell it again and then tell it again because it is a made that video is amazing
 That stories to me. How do you guys feel more connected after you're not story right now?
 I guess amazing right tell the story too much. All those are gonna be like I don't want to tell the story
 I don't want to tell the story
 I don't tell the story again
 I you should be telling a story over and over and over again that video should be everywhere you should be showing it like
 At least once a week you should be following everyone that you're like should be retargeting at of that video like that video should be
 Everybody should see you got five thousand
 It's amazing. We should get five thousand days a day like consistently telling that story telling that story because you're right
 It gets beautiful. It's amazing and people see that and like oh my gosh. I need that for my business
 I need to go tell my story the way he just told that story because the connection like it's flawless
 I think my biggest thing for you right now is like telling your story more telling that thing you're telling good stories
 But that story is like that's like your linchpin. That's the thing that like if you can tell that it's gonna keep people connected to you for forever
 Right anyone who's seen that video like you have a different level connection
 I guess I made it shot beautifully you see his kids and looking at the movies and lights flashing and like it's it's beautiful
 So telling your story more I do the biggest thing is just like all the time
 Telling that story over and over and over again. That's number one. All right number two
 This one's not so much for you as much as for most of everybody else in here
 But number two is the energy matters a lot
 I'm talking about like I'm tired in a day
 I'm talking about when you are live or you are talking in front of people your energy matters
 What I was saying out Dana Derek's have you has no Dana our resident goat farmer?
 By the way, he's asked me a time I mentioned his name to please not send him any more goats
 He's gotten like two or three goats in the last month from all of our friends and family members here in the community
 Please stop sending him goats. He loves them. He doesn't want anymore anyway
 Was interested in talking to Dana and do you feel the biggest thing I learned from you?
 I'm like no like what I thought I was gonna be like dream 100 or all these things like that
 No, the biggest thing that Dana learned for me. He told me was that energy matters a lot
 He's like when I hang out through your like kind of just like but you got a stage like
 Right and I start telling us like the reason why is
 When I first started this this career in fact
 I have my brother now pulling all the video clips to me from like 12 or 13 years ago
 I had a shave hand on his ochre my time
 I'm an even drill so Brunson and we're trying to make this montage of like me over 15 years of doing this and how awkward and weird
 I was now like it took like eight to ten years before I was normal
 I started growing hair out and I guess just really anyway
 But like I'm trying to show that home montage right
 But if you look at it like I was going to that process and the biggest thing I learned is like if I talk to people like this
 When you're on video you sound like this the very first info
 I'm having I got like I have an idea and I just do stupid things so like I saw an infomercial
 I'm like I should do an infomercial so I hired this company making infomercial and next I know two weeks later
 I'm in Florida and there's this host on the show and he's like the cheesiest cheese ball ever
 I'm like so embarrassed and he's like this that's the thing to ask me a question. I'm like well
 You know and I he's like whoa cut cut cut. He's like dude
 Holy crap. You have no energy. I'm like no I feel really good. I have a lot of energy now
 He's like no no you understand like he's like when you're on TV. He's like you have to you have to talk like this
 To sound normal. He's like you talk normal. You sound like you're asleep
 And I'm like I don't know and so we did this whole infomercial
 He's like all over the top and I'm just like trying to go a little bit higher
 It was awkward and we're back and watch it later and I he sounded completely normal
 I look like I was dead on the road. It was weird, okay
 Brandon fish on if you still in the audience, but we did
 Brand is back here. So four years four years ago click phones first came out
 We made these videos that we first signed up you gave away the free t-shirt
 I mean I've never seen those videos
 Okay
 I made those videos and then they last it's like four years and then we just reshot them last week because it's like oh wow the demo video
 We're showing click funnels does not look like click funnels anymore
 It's completely changed in four years. So Todd's like you have to make a new video. I'm like I don't want to make a video
 So finally made the new videos we recorded them
 And we got them up there and we post them online and before we post them on I went watch the old ones
 I watch the old ones and I was like oh my gosh. This is just four years ago
 I was like I am so depressing. How did anybody watch this video? It was bad right Brandon?
 It was like painfully about my oh my gosh. That was just four years ago
 Imagine six years ago or ten like it it was really really bad and what I've noticed is like the more energy you have
 The more energy everyone else has and like it seems weird at first
 But always stretch it more than you feel comfortable and it seems normal and then you'll feel better with it and better with it
 But what's interesting about humans is that we are attracted to energy, right?
 I just hate you talk energy talk cuz I thought it's like a nerdy woo crap
 But it's so weird and real actually I noticed this in all aspects of my life right when I come home at night
 Usually I am beat up and tired and worn out. I'm up early in the morning and then I work super hard
 I get home and I
 Get out of the car. I come to the door before I open the door. I was like, okay
 If I come in like my whole family's gonna be depressed with me right they're all lower to my energy level
 So I sit there I get in state and I'm like, okay
 I open the door I'm like what's up guys? I know also my kids like oh my dad's on the shirt running in as this huge
 Like thing is crazy and then the tone is set everyone's energy is high and the rest of night is amazing
 Right when I come in the office. I walk in I rise
 I'm the leader of this office and if I come in like hey guys, what's up?
 They're all gonna make oh what's up and everyone's gonna be like me, right?
 So I okay when I come in I have to come in here
 Otherwise everyone else is just gonna be down the normal level. I had to bring people up
 Okay, and so we walk in the office now
 It's like what's up everybody how's it going? I'm excited like oh and then everyone's energy rises and the whole company grows together
 Okay, so I love them when Dave walks through the door if you guys have noticed this when Dave walks through the door
 Like I'm in a 10 days like in the 32 and it's just like
 It's like for you way something goes to my house at 4 30 in the morning flip weights
 I sleep in an hour later. I come at 5 45 something I walk in and I walk in and I'm just like
 I walk in and he's like hey, how's it going? I'm like really good man. I'm like you're for an hour
 Oh, and also like oh my gosh. I feel better. I instantly we rise up
 It's kind of like tuning forks
 You notice if you get to tuning for us to different things you whack one you whack the other one and you bring them close together
 What will happen is the waves will increase then going to the exact same level?
 Okay, so energy matters right the higher your energy is the higher everyone else around you'll be on video on audio on
 Physi-on face like everything energy matters a lot. Okay, so that's number two when you're making videos like thinking about that
 All right number three. Okay, so oh
 This you were like naive said there I watched the whole thing
 I was so excited and then like oh you missed the last piece and I was like oh so good. Okay, so a
 Year after that Facebook message came you did a Facebook live one year later to the day
 And he told that story on Facebook live and I was like oh my gosh. It's amazing. He told the story
 He was talking about I was the motion on one thing again
 Like this is so cool. This is so cool and he told the story about the podcast like in this podcast an hour long
 And the thing in that I was life changed all the stuff
 And I know that me and a whole bunch of you guys a bunch of entrepreneurs listen to story and like at baited Beth
 Like this is the maze. This is amazing. They get to the very end
 He's like all right guys well see tomorrow boom clicks off and I was like
 How can you leave me in that state like I need something like I need something right so the note
 Here is I said make offers for everything. Okay, I think about this at the end of you ended and everyone's thinking like wait
 I want to hear that episode like where is that how would it be?
 No magic to take an opportunity the variance says how many guys like to hear that episode were Russell actually made me a
 Personal personal a personal podcast and how many guys will actually like
 Like if I gave you my commentary about what I learned and why it was actually important to me
 Okay, all you're doing now is post down below and right?
 I'm in when I just my messenger list and I'll send you that podcast long to recording where I actually told you what this meant to me
 Boom now all those people listening now on his lists, right?
 Or again go opt in somewhere
 But all you just said you told the story everything like we were all sitting with baited breath
 And then I was just like ah the end make the offer right
 You just want the stuff I talked about you want the thing you want the thing and then there's like you send them somewhere
 And now you capture them and how you can serve them longer term you can do more more things with them
 It was like hook story to where's my offer give me something, but it was awesome
 Okay, I mean I felt that way we listened to that thing and you're like
 I don't even know where to find that episode also that eight thousand episodes everywhere
 I don't even look for you can be like here's the link like just the link to like if you guys can't think of how to figure out offer
 Go listen to a whole bunch of stuff find something amazing and be like oh my gosh you guys I was listening to Tim Ferris podcast
 He got 800 episodes everyone's like 18 hours long they're really hard to listen to but I found this one for my three half four years ago
 Where he taught this concept and it was insane. It was amazing. I would miss this. How many of you want to know what that is?
 Okay, I have the link if you mess me down below
 I'll send you the link to exactly where to find that episode
 Everyone will give it to you even like but it's free on the internet Russell. It doesn't matter
 You know where it's at and they don't and they will give you the contact information exchange for you giving them a little
 Directly into the link okay back before I had anything to like give away options guess I used to do I
 Used to go to YouTube and I would find cool videos from famous people like one of my favorite ones
 We did is I went and I typed the YouTube time and rival Robert Kiyosaki because he was like one of my big mentors at the time
 And there's always amazing Robert Kiyosaki videos on YouTube for free tons of them like hour long training
 Robert Kiyosaki four hour long event for our key site all this stuff for free list in YouTube
 So I made a little quick funnels membership site. I got all the free videos
 I put them inside the like a members are just like to have one Robert Kiyosaki
 I'm not investing Robert Kiyosaki about stock
 Robert Kiyosaki and I just put all the videos in there and I made a squeeze page like hey
 Who wants a whole bunch of free Robert Kiyosaki like my favorite Robert Kiyosaki videos?
 Okay, I made a little quick squeeze landing page people often
 I gave him access to the membership site and then I went and targeted Robert Kiyosaki's audience and the huge list of his people
 Dream 100
 Imagine if dream 100 said just doing one campaign to all the people if each person dream 100
 You made a customized member site with the free content right now
 But hey you've listened a lot of ground card owners got four podcasts 5,000 episodes
 There's only four that are actually really really good. You guys know what they are often here
 I'll give the four best episodes of all I curated all the same for you the four best and target
 Grandsonians with that now you got all his buyers come into your world
 All right, that all right, okay
 All right number four goes tie as long with this number four start building a list ASAP
 Okay, I don't think I've ever seen you do a call to action to get a list anywhere. Have I no after today session?
 You're getting like okay. Just build a list like if you got nothing from this event at all
 Every time you do hook and stories put them somewhere to build list because that's a longevity
 That's where if Zuckerberg snaps his finger and you lose all your fans and fallings and friends and all senior
 Trying to rebuild over somewhere else it won't matter because you have those people somewhere external now
 You can message them and bring them back into whatever world you need to be at but that's the ability in the business
 It's also how
 You still at this time you myself the next time the next time like the list is the key right but not can lie the first time I can lie
 It was a lot of work and we sold out 600 people in the room, right?
 They kept growing list growing the list next year
 We did 1200 and then we did 1500. There was three thousand
 We're gonna be at 5,000 like but we were building up the list and build the pressure and excitement
 And then when you release it, it's just like it gives you the ability to like just to blow things up really fast
 Okay, that's number four
 Okay, number five I wrote down is integration marketing adding offer adding to others offers to build a buyer list
 Okay, so this is a little sneaky tactic we should do back in the day when I didn't have my own list
 But I had a couple of skills in town
 So what you do happen to have which is nice if you have no skills
 It's my work, but if you have skills like you're you're you're lucky
 So Frank Kern used to this as well. This is Frank is sneaky
 He used to do this all the time and I saw him doing it. I'm like, oh my gosh. He's brilliant
 So Frank did a one-hour presentation somewhere and he called it
 Mind-controllers it wasn't mass controls like something I had like control the minds of your prospects through
 manipulation and
 Something sneaky, right?
 And in fact the title alone was amazing
 It's a one-hour presentation he gave somewhere and he put it on these DVDs and what he did is he went to like Dan Kennedy
 And he's like hey Dan you have all of your buyers. You send this newsletter out to you every single month, right at the time
 They had 13,000 active members like these are their best buyers
 He's like this DVD I sell for like a thousand bucks
 You want to give to all your people for free and Dan's like sure and all of a sudden the next month Dan's got
 Frank's got his best CD with his best stuff in the mailbox of the 13,000 best customers every single person did
 The Dan Kennedy's been collecting for the last 15 years, right?
 So think about this like with your skills to look at the other people in the market all the other dream 100
 They're doing things and how do you create something that you can plug into their offers?
 We're not every time one of those people sell a product your face is popping up as well
 Okay, it's called integration marketing my first mentor mark during a book called integration marketing. It's a really fast read
 You can read it an hour
 We'll get your mindset thinking about how can I integrate with what other people are always doing right?
 Because I can go make a selling thing another so but I was like we launched click phones
 I was like how how can I figure out other people's sales processes that are already happening and somehow in
 Project myself into all these other sales processes that way every single time Stephen Larson sell something or someone else
 So all these people are selling something it always somehow gets flown back to me
 Okay, I want every product every course everything happening in your marketing world somehow have people saying my name
 That's my goal
 Okay, I think it's been other people's events, but I'm not there and they say my name
 Makes me so happy I get the Instagrams from you guys right. Hey, so so just quote just said your name
 Hey, so I'm like that's so good, right? How I done that?
 I spent a lot of my life integrating into everybody's offers okay, initially I first got started every single person of product
 I was an interview and everyone product I was like I'm looking at people launching products living product launches coming up
 I contact my okay product on to cut up. Hey man
 Is there any way I can do like a cool thing for your people?
 I could create this and give it to you plug in your product
 And everyone's like sure that'd be awesome and all of a sudden boom they get 5,000 buyers came in every single
 I've got my thing and hearing my knowing name hearing my voice and just constant integration
 I think about how I met Joe Vitaly. I talked about that earlier with the greatest showman
 He entered he was in an interview in a course that I bought from our joiner
 I listened to it fell in love with Joe Vitaly bought his stuff giving tons of money over the years
 What much good stuff because he was integrating that so looking at other ways to integrate the skills that you already have to other people's marketing channels
 Because then you're leveraging every time any of those make anytime any of these partners make a sale
 You're getting you're getting customers coming through that flow as well. Cool. Yeah, that was number five
 All right number six. I call this one rainmaker projects because we talked about rainmaker during the first podcast interview
 So rainmaker maker projects are and again right for sure my credit tons of these where it's like
 I was really good at one piece. I see you you really get a video on storytelling, right?
 And I look out here and they okay who's something else here?
 That's awesome like so and so is really good making a product on Facebook ads, right?
 It's like hey you really good Facebook
 I got so I'll do the video for this course you do the Facebook
 You do the actual ad course and then you're right awesome at doing the traffic
 You bring in four or five people like this little Avenger team
 You create a cobran a product together and you launch it and everyone makes a bunch of money to split all the money like
 50 50 50 50 that makes more than a hundred
 You know I'm talking about ever splits the money ever splits the customer list
 And also you've all pulled your efforts your energy your talents together and everyone leaves with some cash
 We also leave with the customer lists and that's the start growing really rapidly
 Can I start I didn't have a customer side very small one but I had a couple skill sets
 So that's what I did tons of these things. That's like if you guys know any of my old friends like Mike Phil same
 Gary Ambrose I only stuff all the old partners I'd back on day
 And that's what we did all the time these little rainmaker projects
 We didn't call them that back in the day, but that's what it was. It's just like all right
 We all knew what our skill sets words like let's come together. Let's make a project
 This isn't gonna be like how we change the world. It's not gonna be something we're gonna scale and grow
 But it's like it's gonna be a project we put it together. We launch it make some money
 We get some customers we're gonna name out in the market and then we step away from it
 I'll go back to our own our own businesses. Okay, it's not like that's why it's funny because a lot times people are scared
 At least like well how we set up the business structure who's gonna be the owner who's the boss and see is like no no no none of that
 None of that none of that this is an in-and-out project where all the rainmakers come together and you create something amazing
 For a short period of time you split the money and you go back home with the money of the cat and the customers
 And then you and then but it gave you of this bump in in status a big bump in like in customer
 It's a big bump in cash and like all those things kind of rise and you do not for those like your status keeps growing and growing and growing
 It's a really fast easy way to continue to grow
 How many of these want to do a rainmaker project with me?
 All right
 Very cool. All right, and I got one last this is number seven this one kind of ties back to dream 100
 So last thing I talked about was and again, this is kind of for everybody in the group, but
 Is the levels of the dream 100?
 I remember when I first started this process that I first got the concept and I don't know it was a dream 100
 Back then but I was looking at all the different people that were like on would have been on my dream 100 list
 I was like it was
 Mark Joyner Joe Vitalik all these people that like for me were like the top tier Tony Robbins Richard Branson
 I was like oh and I started trying to figure out how to like get into those into those spots and the more I tried the
 It was so hard to get to the gate here is impossible get to all these gatekeepers people
 I was like man, what do you care about me?
 Like I'm just a young guy trying to figure stuff out and they won't even just one my car or my emails like I can't even get
 Through my I thought these people really cared. Okay now be on the flip side of that
 I didn't realize what life is actually like for that for people like that right for me. It's like I understand that
 Now at a whole mode level right we got a million people aren't subscribed to this way at 68,000 customers
 I got coaching programs at family our friends is like we had to put in barriers to protect yourself
 Or else it's it's it's impossible. I got felt I can't tell you like how bad I felt having brand this morning
 I can you tell everyone to like not do pictures with me not that I don't want to but like
 Tell it might who actually happens typically?
 This is why we put barriers around or something. Here's my phone
 I'll be in a room like fun. Hacking live and there'll be 3,000 people in the room and walking here
 So I'm like oh quick. I get picture. I'm like I gotta go like it's taking one second. I'm like, ah
 Okay, fine quick quick and they're like hold on you get the phone out and they're like
 Okay, all right got it. Okay. Oh crap. It's flipped down. I can't flip down
 Okay, oh actually can you hold this?
 I was long enough like you want to hold actually hey you come here great
 You hold this like so okay get a picture. Okay, right one two three tees boom and they got the camera off
 And for them to one second right and that person leaves against us behind him the line like 500 people
 And then for next like eight hours the first one I can have it anyone here the very first one lacking live I
 Spent three and a half hours in front of doing pictures everybody and I almost died afterwards
 I was like I can't I didn't know how to say no and it's like super super hard right and so I
 realize now like to protect your sanity and you're like
 People up there have all sorts of gatekeepers and it's hard right and so the way you get through them is not being more annoying anymore
 I try to get through people the way you get to them is by understanding like the levels of that right so I have to try that
 For a bunch of I couldn't get in and I was like crap. Well screw this guys
 They don't like me anyway. They're like they must be jerks
 I'm sure they're just avoiding me and like I'm on a blacklist and they must and all the thoughts that go through your head and that time
 It looks around I look start looking around me
 Right as you're looking around. I was like hey
 There's some really cool people here and that's what I'm like
 I remember Mike Philson Mike Phil's time the time had just created product he launched a he had like a list of I don't know
 maybe three or four thousand people and
 And I remember I created my first product zip-brander and I was like all scared
 I'm like hey Mike I created this thing zip-brander and he messed back dude. That's the coolest thing in the world a couple things
 Mike didn't have a gatekeeper was just him. He got my email. He saw he's like this is actually cool
 I'm like cool. They're promoting. He's like yes. I would love to promote it. I'm like oh my gosh
 I had never made a sale online to this point by the way other other than a couple little things that fell apart
 But I can never actually made a sale my own product zip-branders my very first like my own product ever created right and
 so Mike that cool was they send emails list and
 It's 5,000 person list they came over and had a little pop up became the site and like bounced around back in the day
 I had two hundred like 70 people opt into my list for Mike's email to it
 I think we made like eight or ten sales
 Which wasn't a lot but like sixty seven out of six hundred seventy bucks a game half of me 350 bucks on the email and gave 300 people my list
 I was like oh my gosh. This is amazing and I asked Mike. I'm like who like who are the people you hang out?
 I don't know very many people. He's like oh did you have me this guy?
 He's awesome. He brought me to someone else and I was like oh this is cool
 And then Mike's like dude I throw a zip-brander was awesome. He's prone and then he's like oh cool
 He broke zip-brander like oh my gosh another 34 people in my list and there's a couple more cells
 And then I asked him like who do you know and then someone else like we started to sing and all of a sudden
 There's eight or ten of us who are all this level and we all like started mashing money networking figuring things out
 We crossed for wrote each other and what happened was interesting is that all of our little brands were small times started growing
 They started growing they started growing also we write to the next tier and when we got the next show
 So that all these new people started being aware of us and started answering our calls and get new things
 Mike's like oh my gosh
 I met this guy who used to be an untouchable and they brought him in brought him in also to the next level
 We started growing again growing again and next thing we know
 Four years later, I get a phone call from Tony Robbins assistant and I came sitting in my own Mike
 Phil same Frank Kern Jeff Walker all these guys are sitting in the room with Tony Robbins
 He thinks that you guys are the biggest internet nerds in the world
 He's obsessed with it and he wants to know if you can meet if you can meet you in Salt Lake in like an hour
 What Tony Robbins like I've emailed him like eight thousand times. He's never responded even once
 I thought he hated me
 Not that he hated me so he had some a gate
 He didn't know I knew I was but eventually you start getting value and you
 Collectively as like a level of the dream 100 becomes more and more powerful
 Right eventually I keep on noticing because you become the bigger people and each tear gets bigger and bigger and bigger
 Right and so my biggest advice for you for everybody is understanding that like yes
 It's good to have these huge dreams big people, but it's like start looking around like there are so many partnerships
 We had just inside this room. How many deals have you done people in this room so far?
 Quite a few quite a yet more than one right more than one like start looking around you guys like don't always look up up up
 I get this thing like look around and rise collectively man start doing the crossing
 So that's how I'm just growing together and there will be a time. I'll be coming to you guys begging you
 Please look at my stuff you guys. I just think I'll click for a few. I've heard of it
 I keep please help me promote it
 That's what's gonna happen. Okay, so the levels dream 100's last thing
 Just don't discount that because some people are like swinging for the fence
 Just hoping for this home run like I was and it's funny because I remember
 Eventually people responded to me that I was trying from before and they contacted me and I was like
 Oh my gosh, and then I realized like I thought this person hated me
 I thought I was gonna black I was assuming they were getting these emails like oh I hate this first Russell's a scam or whatever
 I get my head right here's that they never saw any of them until they saw me and then they reached out to me
 And the whole the whole dynamic shifted
 Okay, so realizing that kind of looking around and start building a dream 100 list even within this room within the communities
 You're in because there's power in that as you grow collectively as a group everyone grow together and that's that's the magic
 So that was number seven. So to recap the seven really quick
 number one tell your story way too much to the point where you're so annoyed and so sick and tired of hearing it that
 Everybody comes to you and then he tell them to me some more number two in everything. You're doing energy matters a lot
 The point if you even above what you think you're comfortable with and do that all the time number three make offers for everything
 Hook story don't leave them hang and give them an offer because they'll go and they will feel more completed afterwards number four
 Start building a list ties back to the first thing make the offer get in a builder list start growing your list because your list is your actual business
 Number five integration marketing for other people's marketing channels and how you can weave what you do into those channels
 So you get free traffic from all the people who are doing stuff
 Number five great rainmaker projects find really cool things are being four five people together makes something amazing
 Share the share the cash of the customer list
 They'll elevate your status of at your brand and it's really fun to do because you can all a bunch of people and number seven
 Understanding the levels of the dream 100 find the people at your level start growing with them together collectively
 You do that in the year two years three or five years twenty Robbins be calling you asking you to make his video
 And it'll be amazing that sound good
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
