 Hey everybody welcome to the Mark E. Secret's podcast. I'm so excited here on stage right now in the two comic Club X
 Event with mr. Nick this Gerald on stage now a year ago. I gave a podcast to him
 About how to make it rain and this is section number two now those you don't know in the last
 12 months since I did that podcast he is the making it rain and he's been changing his life his family's life
 But more importantly other people's lives as well. It's been really cool
 So that's what we cover today during this episode of the podcast
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 So welcome back you guys. I'm here on stage with Nick Fitzgerald so excited
 So I made a list of seven things that if I was just sitting in a room with him in front of a whole bunch of people
 I'd be like hey Nick you're doing awesome. Here's some things to look at I think will help you a lot in what you're doing
 Alright, so number one
 When you so when when Nick first kind of meant
 Starting this movement that he's trying to create. I don't know when it was if you created this before after when did you create the Star Wars video
 This was
 So we talked in July it was September October so a few months later. How many of you have seen his Star Wars video?
 Okay, I'm so glad we have maybe for those who were listening about 10% of them raised their hand other 90%
 Who are friends and followers and fans of Nick have never seen the Star Wars video?
 Okay, his Star Wars video is his origin story and it is one of the best videos
 I have it by far the best way I've seen him do it is insanely good. It comes what do I court?
 I talk about what happened in the video. It's insanely good
 so I told the story of
 I'm a huge Star Wars nerd so if you didn't know that now you do but
 When I was young my grandma who lived in the same neighborhood as me
 She took me to go see Return of the Jedi in the movie theater
 And I was such a Star Wars nerd even at a young age
 That when I was playing at the neighbor's house and you know, it's the 80s
 So mom and dad are like Nick come home for dinner right that kind of thing. I would ignore them
 And I would not come home until they called me Luke
 Not no lie
 I would make them call me Luke. I would ignore them. I would not hear them
 And I would listen high school. I would have teased him relentless. Yeah, and so
 So my grandma took me and I remember going and it was so fun because
 We took the bus and it was just a fun thing and we went
 I just remember walking in and handing my ticket to the ticket person and then like popcorn and
 Just the smells of everything and like again
 This is the 80s so like walking in the movie theater like I almost lost a shoe in the like sticky soda, right?
 Like that
 Going on I just remember how my feet stuck to the floor and all that stuff and then just being so excited to see my heroes
 on the big screen and Darth Vader and I just remember watching it and
 This is such a silly thing to get emotional about but you know just remember the
 Emperor and
 Darth Vader dying and all that stuff. It was just like oh
 You know, I just like it was a perfect day
 Excuse me. Oh, sorry sound dude
 But it was just a perfect day with my grandma who has always been dear to me
 And so the the purpose of that video
 You know, I put it off for a long time. I knew I needed to tell my own story
 If I'm gonna be helping somebody else tell theirs
 And I put it off for a long time because I
 Working through things I was afraid that if it sucked if the story was terrible if
 The visuals were crappy that that was a reflection on me and my skills
 I you know, I had worked on a bazillion hallmark Christmas movies
 You know how they put out like 17 trillion Christmas movies every year
 If one of those sucks, which I know offense like they're not
 Rivoting
 That wasn't a reflection on me
 I was just doing the lighting or the camera like I didn't write the story it wasn't my story
 But this was me and so I put it off for a long time because I knew that if it didn't if I didn't execute
 how I envisioned it that it would reflect poorly on me and it would be like I was a fraud, right, so
 The purpose of the video had there were three purposes one to tell a story and to get people to connect with me on
 A personal level as I told that story here
 How many of you remembered your feet sticking to the floor of a movie theater?
 How many of you like when I'm talking about the smell of popcorn in that sound you you felt and heard and smelled that right and
 So it was one thing I wanted people to connect with me and to see that I was just like you, right?
 Then I wanted to show that I could make a pretty picture
 You know so I had that and I used my family members as the actors and then I went and talked about how you know
 And then I wanted to use it to
 Build credibility. I've worked on 13 feature films and two television series and shot
 News for the NBC affiliate and worked in tons of commercials
 So I've I've learned from master storytellers
 And now I want to help other people find and tell their story
 And then I showed clips of stories that I've helped tell throughout the years, right? And so
 that was I just remember I
 Specifically when I finally went made it live like I made a list of about 20 people
 My dream 100 I guess you could say that I said I just wanted to like send them be like hey
 I made this video I'd love for you to watch it and like you know rustles on that list and
 So I sent that out and I made it live and then it was just kind of funny like in a day
 It didn't go viral. It was like I got like 5,000 views in a day, you know, I was like whoa
 kind of thing but
 It was just one of those things that I knew that I needed to tell my story
 And if I wanted to have any credibility as a storyteller not as a videographer
 but as a storyteller being able to help people connect and
 Connect hearts and build relationships with their audience that I needed
 I had to knock it out of the park and so that was my attempt at doing that and the video is amazing for the 10% of the room
 We saw it is amazing now my point here for Nick, but also for everyone here
 I wrote down is tell your story too much. It's only 10% of this room has ever seen that video ever heard it
 How many guys have heard about Taylor the story more than a dozen times?
 Almost the tower room folks are listening okay tell your story to the point where you are so sick and tired of telling the story and hearing it
 That like you just want to kill yourself and then tell it again and then tell it again and then tell it again
 Because it is a made that videos amazing at stories to me
 How do you guys feel more connected after hearing that story right now? I guess amazing right?
 Tell the story too much. All of us are gonna be like, I don't want to hear the story
 I don't want to tell the story
 I don't tell the story again
 Like you should be telling a story over and over and over again that video should be everywhere
 You should be showing it like at least once a week you should be following everyone that you're like should be retargeting out of that video
 Like that video should be everybody should see you got five thousand
 These is amazing. We should get five thousand days a day like consistently telling that story telling that story because you're right
 It's beautiful. It's amazing and people see that and like oh my gosh. I need that for my business
 I need to go tell my story the way he just told that story because the connection like it's flawless
 I think my biggest thing for you right now is like telling your story more telling that thing
 You're telling good stories, but that story is like that's like your lynch pin
 That's the thing that like if you can tell that it's gonna keep people connected to you for forever, right?
 Anyone who's seen that video like you have a different level connection
 I guess I made it shot beautifully. She's kids and looking at the movies and lights flashing like it's it's beautiful
 So telling your story more. I'd be the biggest thing. It's just like all the time
 Telling that story over and over and over again. That's number one. All right number two
 This one's not so much for you as much as for most of everybody else in here, but number two is the energy
 matters a lot
 I'm talking about like I'm tired during the day. I'm talking about when you are live or you are talking in front of people your energy matters
 What I was saying about Dana Derek's have you guys know Dana our resident goat farmer?
 By the way, he's asked me a time I mentioned his name to please not send him any more goats
 He's gotten like two or three goats the last month from all of our friends and family members here in the community
 Please stop sending him goats. He loves them. He doesn't want anymore. Anyway
 Was the industry I was talking to Dana and do you feel the biggest thing I learned from you?
 I'm like no like what and I thought it was gonna be like dream 100 or always things like that
 No, the biggest thing that Dana learned for me. He told me was that energy matters a lot
 He's like when I hang out through your like kind of just like but you got a stage like ah right and I start
 I tell myself the reason why is
 When I first started this this career in fact
 I have my brother now pulling all the video clips to me from my 12 or 13 years ago when I shaved hand
 I was ochre like how many of those were so Brunson and we're trying to make this montage of like me over 15 years of doing this and how
 awkward and weird I was now like it took like eight to ten years before I was normal and I started growing hair out and I
 Just really anyway
 But like I'm trying to show that whole montage right
 But if you look at it like I was going through a process and the biggest thing I learned is like if I talk to people like this
 When you're on video you sound like this the very first info
 I'm heading out like I have an idea and I just do stupid things so like I saw an infomercial
 I'm like I should do an infomercial so I hired this company making infomercial and next I know two weeks later
 I've been Florida and there's this host on the show and he's like the cheesiest cheese ball ever
 I'm like so embarrassed and he's like this that thing asked me a question. I'm like well
 You know and I did he's like whoa cut cut cut. He's like dude
 Holy crap you have no energy. I'm like no I feel really good. I have a lot of energy now
 He's like no no you understand like he's like when you're on TV. He's like you have to you have to talk like this
 To sound normal. He's like you talk normal. You sound like you're asleep
 And I'm like I don't know and so we did this whole infomercial
 He's like all over the top and I'm just like trying to go a little bit higher
 It was awkward and we're back and watch it later and I he sounded completely normal. I look like I was dead on the road
 It was weird. Okay, um brand new fish around if you still in the audience, but we did
 Brand is back here. So four years four years ago clickfumbles first came out
 We made these videos that when you first signed up you gave away the free t-shirt
 I mean I've never seen those videos
 Okay, I made those videos and then they last it's like four years and then we just re-shot them last week because it's like
 Oh wow the demo video we're showing clickfumbles does not look like clickfumbles anymore
 It's completely changed in four years. So Todd's like you have to make a new video. I'm like I don't want to make a video
 So finally made the new videos we recorded them
 And we got them up there and we post them online and before we post them on I went and watch the old ones
 I watched the old ones and I was like oh my gosh. This is just four years ago
 I was like I am so depressing. How did anybody watch this video? It was bad right Brandon?
 It was like painfully about my gosh
 That was just four years ago imagine six years ago 10 like it
 It was really really bad and what I noticed is like the more energy you have the more energy everyone else has and like it seems weird at first
 But always stretch it more than you feel comfortable and it seems normal and then you'll feel better with it and better with it
 But what's interesting about humans is that we are attracted to energy right?
 I just hate people talking energies talk cuz I thought it's like a nerdy woo crap
 But it's so weird and real actually I noticed this in all aspects of my life right when I come home at night
 Usually I am beat up and tired and worn out
 I go up early in the morning and then I work super hard I get home and I
 Get out of the car. I come to the door before I open the door. I was like, okay if I come in like
 My whole family's gonna be depressed with me right they're all lowered my energy level
 So I sit there I get in state and I'm like, okay
 Now open the door I'm like what's up guys I'm home and also my kids like oh my dad's on
 They're just running in as huge like thing is crazy and then the tone is set everyone's energy is high and the rest tonight
 It's amazing right when I come in the office. I walk in I rise
 I'm the leader of this office and if I come in like hey guys, what's up?
 They're all gonna make oh what's up and everyone's gonna be like me. So I okay when I come in I have to come in here
 Otherwise everyone else is just gonna be down the normal level. I had to bring people up
 Okay, and so we walk in the office now
 It's like what's up everybody how's it going? I'm excited like oh and then everyone's energy rises and the whole company grows together
 Okay, so I love them and Dave walks to the door if you guys have noticed this when Dave walks to the door
 Like I'm in a 10 days like in a 32 and it's just like
 It's like for you wait something goes to my house at 4 30 in the morning lift weights
 I sleep in an hour later. I come at 5 45 something I walk in and I walk in and I'm just like
 I walk in he's like hey, how's it going? I'm like
 For an hour oh and also like oh my gosh. I feel better. I instantly we rise up
 It's kind of like tuning forks
 You notice if you get to tuning for so different things you whack one you whack another one and you bring them close together
 What will happen is the waves will increase and going to the exact same level?
 Okay, so energy matters right the higher your energy is the higher everyone else round you'll be on video on audio on
 Phys on face like everything energy matters a lot. Okay, so that's number two when you're making videos like thinking about that
 All right number three. Okay, so oh
 This you were like 90 said there and I watched the whole thing
 I was so excited and then like oh you missed the last piece and I was like oh so good. Okay, so
 A year after that Facebook message came you did a Facebook live one year later to the day
 And he told that story on Facebook live and I was like oh my gosh. It's amazing. He told the story
 He was talking about I was the motion on the whole thing again
 And like this is so cool
 This is so cool and he told the story about the podcast like in this podcast an hour long and the thing in it
 I was live changed all the stuff and I know that me and a whole bunch of you guys how much entrepreneurs listen to story
 And like at baited Beth like this is amazing. This is amazing. He gets to the very end. He's like all right guys
 Well, see you tomorrow boom clicks off
 How can you leave me in that state like I need something like I need something right so the note
 Here is I said make offers for everything
 Okay, think about this at the end of you ended and everyone's thinking like wait
 I want to hear that episode like where is it?
 How would it be no magic to take an opportunity the variance says how many guys like to hear that episode?
 We're Russell actually made me a personal personal a personal podcast and how many guys would actually like
 Like if I gave you my commentary about what I learned and why it was actually important to me
 Okay, all you're doing now is post down below and right?
 I'm in we'll add to my messenger list
 I'll send you that podcast long through recording where I actually told you what this meant to me
 Boom now all those people listening now on his lists, right?
 Or again go opt in somewhere
 But all you just said you told the story everything like we were all sitting with baited breath
 And then I was just like ah then make the offer right you guys want the stuff
 I talked about you want the thing you want the thing and then there's like you send them somewhere and now you capture
 Them and how you can serve them longer term you can do more more things with them. It was like hook story
 Do where's my offer give me something?
 But it was awesome. Okay, I mean I felt that way we listened to that thing and you're like
 I don't even know where to find that episode also that eight thousand episodes everywhere
 I don't even look for you can be like here's the link like just the link to like if you guys can't think of how to figure out offer
 Go listen to a whole bunch stuff find something amazing and be like oh my gosh you guys I was listening to Tim Ferris podcast
 He's got eight hundred episodes everyone's like 18 hours long they're really hard to listen to but I found this one
 My three and a half four years ago where he taught this concept and was insane. It was amazing. I would miss this
 This is how many is one know what that is? Okay?
 I have the link if you mess me down below
 I'll send you the link to exactly where to find that episode everyone will give it to you
 You think I put it free on the internet Russell. This is a matter
 You know where it's at and they don't and they will give you the contact information exchange for you giving them a little directly into point
 Okay
 Back before I had anything to like give away at opt-ins guess I used to do I
 Used to go to YouTube and I would find cool videos from famous people like one of my favorite ones
 We did is I went and I typed the YouTube time and rival Robert Kiyosaki because he was like one of my big mentors at the time
 And there's always amazing Robert Kiyosaki videos on YouTube for free tons of them like hour long training
 Robert Kiyosaki four hour long event for Robert Kiyosaki all this stuff for free list in YouTube
 So I made a little quick funnels membership site. I got all the free videos
 I put them inside the like a members are just like
 Yeah, tab one Robert Kiyosaki about investing Robert Kiyosaki about stock
 Robert Kiyosaki and I put all the videos in there and I made a squeeze page like hey
 Who wants a whole bunch of free Robert Kiyosaki like my favorite Robert Kiyosaki videos?
 Okay, I made a little quick squeeze landing page people often
 I gave an access to the membership site and then I went and targeted Robert Kiyosaki's audience and the huge list of his people
 Dream 100
 Imagine if dream 100 said just doing one campaign to all the people
 If each person in dream 100 you made a customized membership site with the free content right now
 I'm like hey you've listened a lot of ground card owners got four podcasts 5,000 episodes
 There's only four that are actually really really good. You guys know what they are
 Opt in here. I'll give the four best episodes of all I curated all the same for you give the four best
 And target grand audience with that now you got all his buyers come into your world
 All right, is that all right? Thank you again
 All right number four goes tie as long as this number four start building a list ASAP
 Okay, I don't think I've ever seen you do a call to action to get a list anywhere. Have I? No
 After today's session you're getting on like, okay, just build a list like
 If you got nothing from this event at all every time you do hook and stories put them somewhere to build list
 Because that's a long jeopardy
 That's where if Zuckerberg snaps his finger and you lose all your fans and fallings and friends and all senior
 I try and rebuild over somewhere else it won't matter because you have those people somewhere external
 Now you can message them and bring them back into whatever world you need them to be at but that's how you're supposed to building the business
 It's also how um
 You still at this time you myself the next time the next time like the list is the key right for knocking live the first knocking live
 It was a lot of work when we sold out 600 people in the room, right?
 We kept growing the list growing the list next year. We did 1200 and then we did 1500 dash there was 3,000
 We're gonna be at 5000 like but we were building up the list and build the pressure and excitement
 And then when you release it, it's just like it gives you the ability to like just to blow things up really fast
 um
 Okay, that's number four
 um
 Oh, yeah number five okay number five I wrote down his integration marketing adding offer adding to others offers to build a
 Buyer list
 Okay, so this is a little sneaky tactic we should do back in the day when I didn't have my own list
 But I had a couple of skills in town, which you do happen to have which is nice
 If you have no skills, it's my work, but if you have skills like you're you're you're lucky
 So Frank Kern used to this as well. This is Frank is sneaky
 um
 He used to do this all the time and I saw him doing it. I'm like, oh my gosh. He's brilliant
 So Frank did a one hour presentation somewhere and he called it
 um mind controllers
 It wasn't mass controls like but something to how I control the minds of your prospects through manipulation and
 Something sneaky, right?
 And in fact the title alone was amazing
 It was a one hour presentation he gave somewhere and he put it on these DVDs
 And what he did is he went to like Dan Kennedy and he's like hey Dan
 You have all of your buyers. You send this newsletter out to every single month, right at the time they had 13,000 active members
 Like these are their best buyers. He's like this DVD
 I sell for like a thousand bucks you're gonna give to all your people for free
 And Dan's like sure and all of a sudden the next month Dan's got or Frank's got his best CD with his best stuff
 In the mailbox of the 13,000 best customers every single person did
 Um, uh, the Dan Kennedy's been collecting for the last 15 years
 Right so think about this like with your skills to look at the other people in the market
 All the other dream 100 they're doing things and how do you create something that you can plug into their offers?
 When not every time one of those people sell a product your face is popping up as well
 Okay, it's called integration marketing. Uh, my first mentor mark joined a book called integration marketing. It's a really fast read
 You can read in an hour
 Um
 We'll get your mindset thinking about it. How can I integrate with what other people are always doing?
 Right because I can go make a selling pick another sale, but I was like when we launched click phones
 I was like how how can I figure out other people's sales processes that are already happening and somehow
 inject myself into all these other sales processes that way every single time
 Steven Larson sell something or someone else or all these people are selling something and always somehow gets flown back to me
 Okay, I want every product every course everything happening in your marketing world. Somehow have people saying my name
 That's my goal
 Okay, I think it's been other people's events where I'm not there and they say my name
 Makes me so happy. I get the instagrams from you guys right. Hey, so so just quote, uh, just said your name
 Hey, so I'm like, that's so good. Right. How I done that?
 I spent a lot of my life integrating into everybody's offers okay, initially I first got started every single person at a product
 I was an interview and everyone product
 I was like I'm looking at people launching probably civic product launches coming up. I contact my okay product on just gonna
 Hey, man. Is there any way I can do like a cool thing for your people?
 I could create this and give it to you plug in your product and everyone's like sure that'd be awesome
 And all of a sudden boom they get 5,000 buyers came in and every single one got my thing and hearing my annoying name
 Hearing my voice and just constant integration. I think about how I met Joe Vitaly
 I talked about that earlier with the greatest showman. He entered he was in an interview in a course that I bought from our joiner
 I listened to it fell in love with Joe Vitaly bought his stuff giving tons of money over the years whole bunch of good stuff because he was integrating that
 So looking at other ways to integrate the skills that you already have into other people's marketing channels
 Because then you're leveraging every time any of those make anytime any of these partners make a sale
 You're getting you're getting customers coming through that flow as well. Cool. Yeah, that was number five
 All right number six. I call this one rainmaker projects because we talked about rainmaker during the first podcast interview
 So rainmaker maker projects are and again right for sure my credit tons of these where it's like
 I was really good at one piece. I see you you really get a video on storytelling right and I look out here and they okay
 Who's someone else here? That's awesome. Like so and so is really good at making a product on facebook ads, right?
 It's like okay
 You really get facebook ads so I'll do the video for this course you do the facebook you do the actual ad course
 And then you're like awesome at doing the traffic and you bring in four or five people like this little adventure team
 You create a cobra and a product together and you launch it and everyone makes a bunch of money to split all the money like 50 50 50 50
 That makes more than 100
 But you know i'm talking about ever splits the money ever splits the customer list
 And also you've all pulled your effort your energy your talents together and everyone leaves with some cash
 You also leave with the customer list and ask you start growing really rapidly
 Can I start I didn't have a customer side very small one but I had a couple skillsets
 And so that's where I did tons of these things. That's like if you guys know any of my old friends like mike phil same
 Gary Ambrose I had this stuff all the old partners I had back in the day
 And that's what we did all the time. He's a little rainmaker projects
 We didn't call him that back in the day, but that's what it was which is like all right
 We all knew what our skill sets words like let's come together. Let's make a project
 This isn't gonna be like how we change the world. It's not gonna be something. We're gonna scale and grow
 But it's like it's gonna be a project. We put it together. We launch it make some money
 We get some customers we're gonna name out in the market and then we step away from all go back to our own our own businesses
 Okay, it's not like that's why it's funny because a lot of times people are scared
 At least like well how we set up the business structure who's gonna be the owner?
 Who's the boss and see it's like no no no none of that none of that none of that
 This is an in-and-out project where all the rainmakers come together and you create something amazing for a short period of time
 You split the money and you go back home with the money the cat and the customers
 And then you and then but it gave you of this bump in in status a big bump in like in customer
 It's a big bump in cash and like all the things kind of rise
 You do enough for those like your status keeps growing and growing and growing it's a really fast easy way
 to continue to grow
 How many of you want to do a rainmaker project with Nick right now?
 All right
 Very cool. All right, and I got one last this is number seven
 This one kind of ties back to dream 100
 So the last thing I talked about was and again, this is kind of for everybody in the group but
 Um is the levels of the dream 100?
 I remember when I first started this process I first got the concept and I don't know it was a dream 100 back then
 But I was looking at all the different people that were like um it would have been on my dream 100 list
 I was like it was um mark join or joe vitale like all these people that like for me were like the top tier
 Tony rob and Richard rants and I was like oh and I started trying to figure out how to like get into those into those spots
 And the more I tried the like it was so hard to get through the gate
 It was impossible to get through all these gatekeepers people
 I was like man, the leaf will care about me like I'm just a young guy trying to figure stuff out
 And they wouldn't even just want my just want my calls or my emails like I can't even get through them
 Like I thought these people really cared
 Okay, now be on the flip side of that. I didn't realize what life has actually liked for that for people like that right
 For me, it's like I understand that
 Now at a whole mode level, right? We've got a million people aren't subscribed to this
 We have 68,000 questions. I got coaching programs at family our friends. It's like
 We had to put in barriers to to protect yourself or else it's it's it's impossible
 I like I felt I can't tell you like how bad I felt having brand this morning
 I can you tell everyone to like not do pictures with me not that I don't want to but like
 What tell it when you tell it actually happens typically
 This is why we had to put barriers around or something. Here's my phone
 I'll be in a room like fun hockey live and there'll be 3000 people in the room and walking here
 Something oh quick. I get picture. I'm like, I gotta go like it's taking one second. I'm like, uh, okay fine quick
 Hold on. You get the phone out and they're like, uh
 Okay, uh, I got it. Okay. Oh crap. It's flip turn. Uh, okay. Uh, oh actually can you hold this
 Like my arms on the floor. You want to hold actually hey, you come here. Great. Can you hold this like
 Okay, get a picture. Okay, right one two three tees boom and they grab the camera off and for them to take one second, right?
 And that person leaves against us behind them a line of like 500 people
 And then for the next like eight hours like the first one I can have I only hear the very first one lacking live
 I spent three and a half hours in front of me pictures everybody and I almost died afterwards
 I was like, I can't like it
 But I didn't know how to say no and it's like super super hard, right?
 And so I realize now like to protect your sanity and you're like
 The people up there have all sorts of gatekeepers and it's hard, right?
 And so the way you get through them is not being more annoying anymore
 I try to get through people the way you you get to them is by understanding like the levels of that right?
 So I have to try that for a whole bunch of time. I couldn't get in and I was like crap
 Well screw those guys. I don't like me anyway. They're like they must be jerks
 I'm sure they're just avoiding me and like I'm on a blacklist
 They must like all the thoughts that go to your head and that time it looks around. I look to start looking around me
 Right I should look him around. I was like hey, there's some really cool people here
 And that's what I'm like. I remember Mike Philson Mike Philson at the time had just created product he launched
 He had like a list of I don't know maybe three or four thousand people and um
 And I remember I created my first product zip grander and I was like all scared I'm like hey Mike
 I created this thing zip grander and he messed back dude. That's the coolest thing in the world a couple things
 Mike didn't have a gatekeeper was just him. He got my email. He saw he's like this is actually cool
 I'm like cool. They're promoting. He's like, yes. I would love to promote it. I'm like oh my gosh
 I had never made a selling line to this point by the way other other than a couple little things that fell apart
 But like I never actually made a sell my own product zip grander is my very first like my own product ever created right?
 and uh so Mike that cool was they sent emails list and uh
 It's 5 000 person list that came over and had a little pop up became the site and like bounced around back in the day
 I had 270 people opt into my list for Mike's email to it
 I think we made like eight or ten sales, which wasn't a lot but like
 67 that's 670 bucks. They gave me half of me 350 bucks on the email and gave 300 people my list and I was like
 Oh my gosh. This is amazing. And I asked Mike. I'm like who like who would other people you hang out?
 I was like, I don't know very many people. He's like, oh, did you have me this guy?
 He's awesome. He brought me to someone else and I was like, oh, this is cool. And then Mike said dude
 I throw a zip grander was awesome. He's prone and then he's like, oh cool
 So he broke zip grander like oh my gosh, I got another 34 people on my list and there's a couple more cells
 And then I asked him like who do you know and then someone else and like we started doing this thing and all of a sudden there's eight or ten of us
 Who are all this level and we all like started mashing money?
 Networking figuring things out. We crossed promote each other and what happened was interesting is that all of our little brands or small
 Times started growing and they started growing they started growing also
 We were like in the next year and when we got the next year
 All so I always knew people started being aware of us and started answering our calls and good new things
 Mike's like, oh my gosh, I met this guy who used to be an untouchable and they brought him in brought him in
 Also to the next level and we started growing again growing again and next thing we know
 Four years later, I get a phone call from Tony Robbins assistant and I came sitting in a room
 I know Mike feels same Frank Kern Jeff Walker all these guys are sitting in a room at Tony Robbins
 He thinks that you guys are the biggest internet nerds in the world
 He's obsessed with it and he wants to know if you can meet if you can meet you in Salt Lake in like an hour
 Like what Tony Robbins like I've emailed him like 8,000 times. He's never responded even once. I thought he hated me
 Not that he hated me is that he had somebody gave you didn't know I knew I was but eventually you start getting value and you
 Collectively as like a level of the dream 100 becomes more and more powerful
 Right advantage today people notice you because you become the bigger people and each tear gets bigger and bigger and bigger
 Right and so my biggest advice for you for everybody is to understand that like yes
 It's good to have these huge dreams big people, but it's like start looking around like there's so many partnerships to be had
 Just inside this room. How many deals have you done people in this room so far
 Quite a few quite a yet more than one
 More than one like start looking around you guys like don't always look up up
 I'm gonna get this thing like look around and rise collectively man start doing the crossing
 So that's how I'm starts growing together and there will be a time while becoming you guys begging you like
 Can you please look at my stuff you guys? I just think of clickphones you may have heard of it like he please help me promote it
 That's what's gonna happen. Okay, so the levels dream 100's last thing
 Just don't discount that because some people are like swinging for the fence and just hoping for this home run like I was
 And it's funny because I remember
 Eventually people responded to me that I was trying from before and they contacted me
 And I was like oh my gosh, and then I realized like I thought this person hate him
 I thought I was gonna black I was assuming they were getting these emails like oh I hate this first rustles a scam or whatever
 I get my head right here's that they never saw any of them until they saw me
 And then they reached out to me and the whole the whole dynamic shifted
 Okay, so realizing that kind of looking around and start building your dream 100 list even within this room within the communities
 You're in because there's power in that as you grow collectively
 As a group everyone will grow together and um that's that's the magic so that was number seven
 So to recap the seven really quick
 Number one tell your story way too much to the point where you're so annoyed and so sick and tired of hearing it
 That everybody comes to you and then keep telling them to even some more
 Number two in everything you're doing energy matters a lot
 The point if you even above what you think you're comfortable with and do that all the time
 Number three make offers for everything
 Hook story don't leave them hanging give them an offer because they'll go and they will
 Fill more completed afterwards number four start building a list ties back to firstly make the offer get in a builder list
 Start growing your list because your list is your actual business
 Number five integration mark and look for other people's marketing channels and how you can weave what you do into those channels
 So you get free traffic from all the people who are doing stuff
 Number five care rainmaker projects find really cool things to bring four five people together make something amazing
 Share the share the cash share the customer list they'll elevate your status. I'll vet your brand and it's really fun to do
 There's you can know a whole bunch of people and number seven
 Understanding the levels of the dream 100 find the people at your level
 Start growing with them together collectively and you do that than the year two years three or five years 20 robins
 Be calling you asking you to make his video and it'll be amazing. That sounds good
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now i'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single
 day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's going to happen is i'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversation
 On top of that through this texting community is where i'm going to be giving you out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times i'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
