 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 Today I want to tell you guys about my experience with Dan Kennedy
 I hired him for a private console day and I'll tell you behind the scenes what happened. What was cool?
 What was like anyway, just all the things that's the goal of this episode
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so
 As I told you as an intro
 I had a chance this week to fly out and hang out with Dan Kennedy, which was really really cool and
 One thing I was a story because there's a couple things behind it like I remember back when I first got into his business
 people were always talking about how Dan really is private console days is 18,800 dollars like that was the price then and
 I remember thinking like I can't lose someone's paying him
 $18,000 to go to his house to talk to him for a day didn't make any sense to me the time, right?
 And I always thought like someday when I'm rich I'm gonna do that and for some reason I never did it
 Like it's interesting like for years probably a decade or so like I was thought about that
 Like I'll be so cool to go to Dan's house and like asking my questions. I always wanted to
 but again, I never I
 Just never did it and I still remember this day when I was I was in my penthouse writing traffic secrets book
 When I got a call from one of my friends
 telling me that Dan was about to pass away and
 He's to me I saw the story a couple years ago. He almost died and then he didn't and I remember one of the feelings I had when
 when
 When I got that call was like, oh
 like I
 Never be able to do that like I had a shot. I could have done it and never did it and
 I was just kind of you know
 Just kind of just bummed out and never did it and then fast where he didn't die fast for a couple years later
 We ended up in his company and so in my contract as like you know
 Things only do like I want to co-author book with you. I want to blah blah blah and one of the big ones was I want to
 I want to come and do a console day every single year just to like
 It's that's part of my contract now
 So once a year I get to go out to his house and hang out for a day
 And so that was kind of the the backstory. So you were planning it we talked about and finally it happened
 And it's funny because I I'm not the best scheduler or planets my my strong suit and so
 Anyway, I
 We were kind of planning it all and I was gonna fly out there and everything was happening
 And then I realized that the weekend I was just go out there
 Actually, we stay back so Dan messaged me and times that hey if you want he's like I was supposed to be there on a Monday
 He's like you want Sundays open you come out Sunday and you know
 You want to buy two console days you can do that and I was like oh my gosh that'd be amazing
 So I said yes, we bought it and then those you know who you know
 I'm Mormon and at the Mormon church we have a thing called General Conference happens twice a year and it's basically a church on TV
 All day Saturday and Sunday and for us it's like the cool thing
 We get to spend time with our family and our kids and we like watch it together and we eat
 Donuts and it's like this special moment and I didn't realize it touched my wife my camera
 And we find out dance house on Friday or she's been on Saturday
 Could be there all day Sunday and Monday working with him
 He's like and then she was like you guys this general conference that weekend I'm like oh no
 I can't it can't miss that and so anyway end up sending Dan
 I sure my team to go fly out and Sunday he went and filmed with Dan for whole day
 Just like capturing stuff that we can use for
 Procella videos and Dan telling a story and just a bunch of really cool things
 And so the night I figured out to get there and there's no private flights to Cleveland, Ohio from Boise, Idaho
 Sunday night after conference has done so we had a book on private plane. It was really expensive. It took my
 The console day from 18 8 which is what he charged. He still charges this day actually
 It ended up you know adding I think fifty two thousand dollars to the flights
 Hopefully some of my kids watch this and like yeah, your dad loves you
 He spent actually fifty two thousand dollars. So he wouldn't miss general conference with you
 Anyway, so is cool. So we get a flight on that night at nine o'clock at night
 But it's going to Cleveland and so I think it's east coast time
 Right, so they already 11 o'clock at my leave and landing Cleveland. We had to drive like almost hours in my hotel long story short
 I ended up getting to bed about 5 a.m. And the console started next morning
 So 5 a.m. I'm like cone of bed and 8 o'clock the alarm rings. I'm like oh
 Three hours to sleep let's go and so and it's funny cuz in every time I people talk about going to Dan's house
 like that we stayed at the Laquinta, which is just like
 just you know like the worst hotel ever and
 Shared up we got there
 It was like the worst hotel I've ever stayed at like it was and it was funny cuz I think normally I would have been annoyed by that
 but part of me was like
 The romance of like going to Kennedy you say this nasty hotel and you do the things and so like as I got the hotel at 5 in the morning
 and like the little awning above the hotels like falling in and then you go in there like
 It was just like thing after thing. I was like this is literally the worst hotel I've ever been in like Dan was treated as word
 It's it's but it was like so because it was like so cool
 I was just like smiling the whole time like this is so cool
 Like I think the worst experience would have been like the better that would have made experience for me
 Just like that's I was I was banking on in fact I told
 My sister Jenny she was booking it. She's like she's like you don't want to say that you should stay over here
 Like no we have to stay at the liquid death. That's where everybody stays when they go see Dan. It's part of the experience
 I have to have it
 so we did that
 anyway, and so three hours later wake up and we drove we drive down to Dan's thing and
 Anyway, it was just really cool because yeah, it was hanging out with Dan Kennedy and we go to his house
 We went on the basement and the basement's house is like
 It's like an office, right?
 And so I think I don't think is his wife goes down
 I think it's like this is Dan's area
 This is our house is above it. We go down there and there's like a conference room with like a mastermind table chairs all around it and there's
 Dozens and dozens of bookshelves and
 Just like it is really really cool
 And so you know started the tour you show me the books and you guys know I'm a book nerd those who are in watching the video version
 This is like what I'm in the Napoleon Hill room right now. They just all my book collections like I have obsessed with books
 In fact, I think we look like there's a there's a disorder for people who are obsessed with books
 at these called bibliot
 Biblios something I figured out
 Bibliomania bibliomania is a symptom of obsessive compulsive disorder
 Which involves the collecting or even hoarding of books the point where social relations
 Yeah, where social relations or health can be damaged
 So apparently I've bibliomania and dandered to which make you know so I feel like I'm a good spot
 We're both obsessed with books and collect them all so it was fun to see them all I like I literally took pictures of every book
 Shelf I'm like I have a half these books half my donut
 I remember the name and the author so I'm gonna eBay and try to find the first editions of all these things
 And so that was really fun
 We sat down and we get down
 Okay, we sit in the little tables kind of like do my console
 He's like well, how can I be helpful?
 What do you want to talk about and I look around and sure enough?
 I forgot my notebook
 I didn't read my notebook to Cleveland, Ohio
 And I had no effecting notes on I'm like
 I'm like, can I borrow a notepad?
 And so he literally had to
 Hit his notepad and he like ripped out all his notes and gave me this and then this is watching the video
 This is Dan can you use notepad? I took my notes on my console day with it, which is so cool
 So I can never throw us away. I can never wash my hands because this is Dan notepad right
 Mapped out my plans with Dan when I was with him
 And it was cool, but initially was just cool because
 We just talked about business like it wasn't like way to like I had some questions about asking but from
 9 a.m. Till till 1 it was just him talking and going on things and like I was just fascinating
 and
 Again, it was just kind of like we if you'd share things and talk about history and then this and all this work
 And I'm like oh well how'd that work and and so the first that first half of the day was just him going on these tangents and like me asking
 Questions to kind of just figure things out and then and then we had lunch and then afterwards
 He's like so did you have specific things you want to talk about? Oh, yes, I do my question
 So the questions I asked him this is tough like what would you ask Dan Kennedy, right?
 I've used to be as a senior in the consult with Tony Robbins twice
 I've actually known him next month, which is cool and I was like asked him any one question you have
 That's like the hardest thing like what question would you ask him?
 So we do guys had a moment with Dan Kenny like what question would you ask him?
 So my questions were basically like number one is like if you own click funnels, what would you do with it?
 Like tell me like your dad Kennedy. Let me know which is really cool. Another one's like hey
 I'm obviously the front ends my business their books. I'm gonna continue to write books
 I love books like what are other ways that you would market books?
 I mean I obviously we drive a lot of traffic from Facebook and Instagram and YouTube and Google's like the four major
 Platforms is like 90 percent of our books. I'll come from those like what other things you would do to sell more books
 and then I
 Came over the questions. Those are the two core questions and I had to ask questions about
 Peter big Peter low events success events like if I was going like launch an front end event company
 Like what would it look like how would it work?
 And so those are some of the questions, but it was cool and then he just went and you know
 Oh, hold on. Let me show you something goes over just filing cabins and pulls out like here's how we did this this campaign this campaign
 Here's not this work and oh, so it was just it was really really cool
 one thing was really fascinating is
 It's interesting like I learned this initially. I think we're from JBram JBram's really good at like is like taking concepts from other industries and bring
 Him to yours and Dan does the same thing. So it was cool. I'm like, okay, we have
 Like obviously click funnels and we've got the books and things like which I figure like how do we get into businesses and get them to give us
 You know, give them to become members and stuff like that and he's shown us this campaign that I
 Think it's jay Geyer does it and it's interesting cuz what jay Geyer does is he helps people fix
 like the chiropractor the dentist who like you call on for an appointment and the person picks the phone and then like that person is supposed to be the
 Receptions just like do the sale and convert the person instead becomes like the person who's blocking the sale, right?
 And so
 They do these campaigns for basically they called they call the dentist
 They call him like four or five times over a two-week period time and they record all these phone calls and they create this package
 It's like hey, we called your office. Do you want to hear what it sounded like and there's a CD?
 You listen to like oh my gosh my friend desk or morons like they're doing this all around there's no scripting and they come in like
 Hey, if you want we can help train your person give them the scripts blah blah blah implement it all do it all for you
 I think it's like I can't remember like me. There's a different package like three grand five grand and fifteen grand or something
 And and they built like a I think you said like a fifty million dollar your business off of this thing just literally
 Col calling the receptionist recording it sending this direct mail piece out
 And that was it and he was like you could do something similar with like their website like instead of like
 Hey, we called your
 Receptions like hey, we went to your website and here's what we found. Here's where you're losing money
 Here's you know and do website reviews for people or and there's like a million different like cool things
 But you just don't like for example here's how it's working over here in this industry
 Here's how you could do something similar and it's like oh and so like gets the the wheels and your head spinning
 Just like just tons of different ideas
 The book marketing was interesting too like
 You know for me again, we focus so much on the online stuff and he was just like well your books
 Specifically work for different industries. He's like if I was you I would go find the industry magazines or the industry magazines
 They call newsletters and he's like every industry has one so like there's one for dentist for chiropractors for restaurant owners for
 But where every single ones got one he's like you got that and then create a campaign or you know an answer these these things
 It's just like hey
 You know your website sucks you need a funnel
 You know hey, hey real estate agent
 Hey, whatever the industry thing is it's like you're like the volume you're getting over everything
 It's like gives you a chance to penetrate through every you know all these other sub markets get deep
 Deep into them, which is really fascinating talk about radio a lot
 You said that radios different back in the day when when Limbaugh was like the biggest ones
 Like he's like that would be huge
 You know that he's like a player that if you got on Limbaugh like it just it was game over
 It's like nowadays. There's not like an a player and basically conservative is the best place places to sell
 Books and things like that. He said he said there's no a player's no limbaugh anymore
 But there's a whole bunch of B and C players
 He's like I would go and I'd start on the C players and run ads those
 It's gonna be way cheaper
 Testing's out and if you get working then move up to the B players and start running the ads there
 And I was like well, how do you run ads nowadays like do you run them to a call you know a phone center?
 Do you run them to to a website and so kind of went back and forth on that and I
 Think what was what was interesting is?
 And I told like I've seen a bunch of campaigns recently that supplement companies doing where like the call of actions like hey
 Text this number and we'll send you a link to whatever. It's also it's like a text a text to to website URL
 What's cool about is you text them and you're able to text you know send back you are also hit someone on their phone
 They have it. It's also not like they'd remember like okay traffic seekers calm traffic seekers calm
 I'm gonna go to a page and we go to it and they write it down
 They forget about right like they just have to text you real quick
 Boom you shoot in the link and then links there and their phone all the time so you people who
 You don't convert right then they convert later
 but then also you have a text list now you can send text follow-ups and like urgency scares to the you know fear like all the things we do in
 marking and
 I got me thinking like
 Like there's just so many opportunities
 You know on an adverse like you click to go to websites one thing
 But when you're when you're not they think about like radio even podcast people listen to podcast when they're driving
 Billboards, you know, there's a million things where
 Going to you website or else not that efficient as opposed to texting is that you know text blah blah blah blah?
 And then we'll send you a link to the to your free book they do that and also now you got them on a list
 And I was like, oh, I go anyway. I think one of my big takeaways. I want to build out
 I'm gonna build out like a like a really good front-end texting
 Campaign that I can start running now in all these different platforms and different alternative medias that we're not doing right now
 So many cool things
 He talked about the old Peter low events like how they how they used to run those and then the formula is interesting
 It's been about a million dollars per event to fill get 20,000 people into a stadium and then they'd have a couple different people
 They always have like
 Someone who's a world leader so they had a trump or excuse me not Trump
 They they did from swap they would have like George Bush or Colin Powell something like that
 They try to get a business person
 An entertainment person and then a sports person and the sports person usually local celebrities
 They're in Boise. I know they find like who's the quarterback of Boise State that we can get or the old quarterback
 Or if they're in Chicago, it's like who's the Chicago Bulls or Chicago Bears guy who I want to know that we can bring
 And so like all these speakers were like the draw to get people to come these big events and then they would have
 famous person speak and then and then like dude come and speak to sell the famous person speak speak to sell feet and
 like that was the whole model and
 They said that you know, they would do an event cost million dollars to the event they clear 1.5 million from the event
 But there's no real back into that business ever it's for me
 I'm like, I wonder if I could create something because we've got such a good back-end click funnels and create something like that
 Anyway, I have a desire to do it
 I don't know if I'm going to but I do have a desire to try to to do a big huge mega event on
 The front end when they come in and again you get and then obviously thinking like what if like you guys know if I'm like a
 couple years of a Lindsey Sterling game and perform in this concert like
 Imagine team me up with someone who's a bit who's a band right and doing success of it or whatever the events are
 And having the band be the thing at the end everyone stays towards right cuz like then you work with the band
 They got the cost they gotta do anyway to fill the event now you like piggyback off of them and they're
 Anyway, that might be horrible. I did but by the amazing. I'm not sure anyway
 I have this thing in my head where I'm trying to figure out how to do a big front end event like that
 Especially with I'm working on our success brand or success of business where it could be
 Two-fold was when it comes to the event like first half like success today
 We sell like you know success stuff and then second half
 It's like contribution and then boom we sell the business stuff and then we have a big concert the end like
 I'm hitting all the major cities and it'd be crazy
 But I realized the Peter low events like I thought that they were
 I thought it was like something made once a month
 They did it but they were doing like two or three a week like Kennedy even on the road
 It was like going boom boom boom place place place place
 So he was hanging out with you know George Bush senior and Barbara Bush
 You know stories about that was funny. You know two three times a week. They were in a different city
 Meeting speaking hanging out and that was kind of how the whole tour work and how they they all made money back then
 Which was which was crazy and then basically said that during Peter low event days
 They had like four bad events in a row happening because when I was like 9/11 hit and then something else hit and like
 4-5 4-5 ends in row and just bankrupt the company because again
 They had no back end like all the money was happening at the events and they have you know four events in a row that
 They don't get your million bucks back like it. You know false apart, but it's just fascinating
 Oh
 One principally talked about was really cool and this is the view as a verse I'd run to get millionaire
 The course and then simply to dang it with renegade millionaire
 He talks a lot about these two things
 He mentioned he's like there's like the future is like there's the current bank and there's the future bank
 It's the current bank is the money you're getting today
 And then the future bank is the equity you're putting in to your list your customers to make money in the future
 And it's like most companies focus on the current bank like here's how make money today
 He's like the best businesses they make deposits in the current bank
 That's like the present money the money you're making today
 Right and then they're also putting deposits in the future bank
 Which is a relationship with your customers and the people so they keep coming back over and over and over and over again
 And it was just anyway, it's a simple concept
 But just the way you explain it I was just like oh I wrote that down my future bank
 It was a long term equity in your company and the current bank and you got to it to bring people in current bank
 And then you're making deposits into this future bank
 What else what else
 There's so many cool things
 Okay, I got something cool for you to speak kind of the last thing I'm probably up on this so this is the most interesting
 So we're in Danny Kennedy's basement down there. He's got the computers the fact I saw the fax machine
 I got a picture by the fax machine
 All kind of stuff, but I asked him or not asked me he could volunteer, but he's like hey
 There's no internet access down here
 Like what he's like yeah, I'm not connected to the internet and I know like if you hear me tell the source about Dan
 Like he faxes he doesn't have an email address things like that, but not only does not have an email address
 He does not have internet access
 Like literally no internet like there's there's
 He couldn't check email if he wanted to because there's no like he types
 He's like these computers like typewriter basically types printed out walks or faxing faxes that somebody
 His wife has internet he's like but he doesn't use it then the basement
 There's no like none of his computers are hooked on the internet is this crazy and I was like well
 How do you research for your books and he kind of points around like all the books
 He's like this is my research here and they looked at me
 It's like how do you research for your books?
 He's like when you're on the internet don't when you're on the internet
 Don't you feel like you're standing in the middle of a strip club?
 He's like are you able to focus? I was like that's a good point
 In fact so much so that now I came back and I told you earlier
 I'm in the Napoleon Hill room like my my plan is every day
 I'm spending the first half day here where there's no internet access
 There's no I mean there's internet, but I'm not connected
 There's no people have talked to him just here writing and working and trying to get stuff done
 Because I'm sure I'm like you I get distracted over place
 I have to like literally like my team knows like I'll be in the office after lunch
 But before lunch I'm here in a spot where there's no internet so I can record podcasts I can write I can plan
 I can all the things that I need to do so
 Anyway, maybe excited to also figure like how do I?
 I just need I need to disconnect more disconnect from social disconnect from
 Internet disconnect more so I can get more stuff done. So anyway, I get lost up done
 But I want to get more just like you guys. So anyway, there's some highlights for my time with with Dan
 Oh for those in network marketing. He showed the two things that blew herbal life up number one was the pin
 Like one of those wait asked me how I asked me how I did it and he's like that initiated conversations
 We got people would ask the herb like distributors because they couldn't get them to go out there and it's like hey
 Do you want to lose weight or hey?
 Do you want to you know like having something like that was the number one and number two and this is fascinating
 There's a lesson here for somebody
 Is that they would have on TV a late night infomercial kind of it was more like an opportunity meeting and
 It was interesting because they didn't make money from the opportunity meeting right wasn't like a direct response
 Infomercial where they're they're making my directly
 Instead what it was was
 It was an opportunity so people at home or around the world would get their friends and family and say hey Sunday night
 We're doing this thing come our house and watch it again
 They come together trying to TV they watch it and then that the infomercial was the opportunity meeting and they sent up their friends
 They're in house and that was their model. That's so cool. Like I
 Think there's something there if I own a network marketing company. I would definitely exploit that and do it where you know
 Do a Facebook live every?
 Every Saturday night or Sunday night
 That's just that's literally just the opportunity meeting and have the entire company bring people to that meeting over and over again
 I may try to do something similar for affiliates or for our new final builders
 Which is the new thing coming up. I can't tell you about or I don't know
 I haven't figured out how to have a little leverage that yet, but I thought it was really really cool the herbal
 I did that for for a decade or so. That's how they have a group
 It's much fun so many fun things so I hope that helps you guys. Hopefully you got a glimpse of some of the cool things
 I learned about with Dan Kennedy it was yeah everything I hope for more and
 Yeah, you'll be able to see some of the out the production the what happens afterwards coming back from this here in the near future side of our companies
 Appreciate you guys all for listening if you enjoyed this let us know and if you're not subscribed to no BS newsletter
 You must take money. That's the logical explanation go to no BS letter calm go get subscribed
 You hear from me and Dan twice a month. So that's like I make sure you appreciate you and we'll see you soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kennedy and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now
 At no BS letter calm not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one for me to get this gift
 And your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
