 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing series podcast. I want to give you a gift that'll simplify your life so much
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing sequence
 All right, so
 I want to take a quick story how I got started to me has made her the story my very first idea even pre potato gun was an idea for
 A product called zip-brander if you go back to the way back machine and search zip-brand or you can see the old sales letter and stuff
 But I'm super proud of it
 Software and I remember I didn't know how to code software and my first kind of mentor the first person
 I was like watching at the time was a guy named Armin Morn and Armin had a whole bunch of software products
 I was like I want to make software like Armin and so
 Bought them the name of domain name zip-brander
 I knew what the software is gonna be and I was like capital on a code
 So I literally went to my school and I changed my major from I don't even know communications to like computer information systems
 I'm gonna learn a code zip-brand is gonna be the greatest thing in the world be become a billionaire from it
 I got knew it was the thing and so I started doing that and after like the third or fourth day of like coding class
 I was like I am not smart enough to become a coder
 Screwed so I need to figure out a different path
 And so then I remember reading a bunch of stuff that Armin was putting out was listening all his teles seminars back in the day and
 In fact, it was funny. I was hanging out with them
 An event this weekend I was speaking at a local doTERRA event and one of the people there was
 She's actually married to one of the wrestlers from my college wrestling team and she came up to me
 She was like tell me the story about she's like my husband Casey. I'm like oh no Casey of course
 And she's like he told me these stories like so that when you were back in
 College he has going these wrestling trips
 She guys would go drive the vans that like 10 15 20 hour drives to like the wrestling tournaments
 He's like you'd be in the back with your headphones on with your CD player with like the light glowing on your face
 And she's like he said you look like a serial killer
 Anyway
 But that was me. I was like literally I've burned CDs of teles seminars because pre webinars pre videos I burned CDs of
 Armin more and and
 Alex Mendoge and all these people back in the day and I would drive my in my car and I'd listen to CDs in the back of the car
 Like this is amazing listening all this stuff, right?
 And I remember for the CD or if it was an article
 But I remember Armin basically said that he's like I don't code my own software
 I was like what I'm going to school learn a code my own software at the arm was coding his own software
 He's like nope. He's like I went to the site and the site he used at the time
 It's no longer here, but it was scriptlands.com scriptlands.com
 And so I was like so this is they got to a computer on scriptlands.com and it was this programming site where you hire programmers
 and
 I remember I was like oh my gosh, it's amazing and in fact, oh let me sit back. It was right before I learned that I
 Was like I'm not gonna become a programmer. I know that now
 I need a higher program
 So I went to Google and typed in programmer and I remember there was the Google ads and clicked on a programming company
 And I gave them the idea for zip-brand or they said they wanted like five grand to build it
 I was like
 you know five grand like that's like
 More money that made my entire life combined at that time
 So to put that perspective like I'd never had a couple jobs waiting tables
 But had not made five grand in a year ever and it's like five grand to me this thing
 It's like I gave up on so then fast forward now here about scriptlands
 Go to scriptlands and I remember seeing and so you go and create a free account was free super easy and
 And then and the post project and then people from all around the world bid on your project
 I was like what so I took the description
 I'd sent the people before for my zip-brand or I copy and paste it into scriptlands posted it and within
 15 minutes. I had 30 bids on it. I was like what and the first guy's like all due for twelve hundred bucks
 I was like what that's one fifth the price of the other guys and I've got the only four
 For 800 although for 600 500 and all the down and all this dude named Cyprian from Romania said all the way for $20
 I was like I actually have twenty dollars
 I think that's all money I had so I was like done so I hired Cyprian I gave the thing
 I was like I don't I'm just gonna work it out
 But it's worth twenty bucks
 I paid the 20 bucks to and they put it in escrow so I put 20 bucks into into scriptlands
 It's an escrow gave Cyprian the idea and like I went to bed well good the morning
 He's like here you go. I'm like what is this a kid zip-render?
 I'm like what you gave it to me and I tried it and it worked
 20 bucks and I was like oh my gosh
 And so I was so happy like I literally gave my hundred dollar bonus because like I thought I was gonna pay five
 Grandfits I was trying to save up for it or I was gonna go to programming school
 And so I remember at that point I was like I never had to pay attention school ever again
 My job is off for me to learn how to be a programmer my job is a good idea and then to hire a programmer
 What and I went to scriptlands.com cost me twenty bucks in my first software product created
 Okay, now I tell you this because I remember I had a friend Josh Anderson and Josh
 Was kind of the same business me we actually shared an office for a long time remember
 I had like four or five little pro I'd create a zip-render article spider forum for inches
 I had like five six little software products that created the time that I was selling and
 And Josh and a product can't use them. He's like I've been studying the internet marketing and learning
 I'm putting in two years to just like understand this business
 I was like you should stop studying just go create a product and sell it like that's basically all this game is
 It's created products sell it and he's like yeah
 But like you know like all these things and so remember one that I show them I said let me show you how scriptlands work
 It's really simple really easy. So when scriptlands and I create as like here's my count
 Like I'm like just post it. I suppose anything's post something stupid
 I post I need a logo for this thing and pay 20 bucks for it and he's like oh so he did it
 I showed him he walked through he posted logo 20 bucks and then and then awesome the bits are coming
 It's 10 20 30 50 100 bits and like an hour and then he's like he's like going through talking people meeting and people
 meeting people in India Romania and and
 Pakistan all over the world who working for super cheap
 He's meeting all those cool people he's taking out them and I remember I was like again
 It was a basement apartment that I own that our little office was in so it was about time
 I had to go to bed
 So I was like well I gotta go see my wife or I go to dinner
 I'm like I gotta go so upstairs and I closed the door and I was my wife on my
 Anyway next morning I wake up I come down the stairs and I see Josh. I'm like oh man
 You're here at least like no, I'm not I'm like what do you mean? He's like I haven't left you
 I'm like what he's like dude. I did the logo. Pity a 20 bucks check out this logo
 It's amazing like that is cool was like and then I post an idea for this audio thing
 I had and I didn't for this and he had like five or six different
 Different ideas that he had been sitting on for years
 He's posted them and he's had people bidding on him and he's like I heard this guy's doing this this guy's doing this
 And he had like five software products in in like in in like work like happening all overnight
 One of them was already done and he's like it's already done. I was like oh my gosh
 And I remember watching him like and all his like LinkedIn profile
 I wonder we had back him or was back in the day. He was rise was the business network
 Anyway, he changed the day from like Josh Anderson in her marketer to Josh Anderson software developer
 And I was like and now he like he had the keys and he was running and he was creating thing after thing after thing
 And he was just having tons of success and I watch him create software after software
 I've just thought when he still this day make software, but it all started with him just doing it once
 Okay, and I think a lot of us we get so scared like I don't know how to do it like we never do it
 So this is my thing what you get to do okay script lands is no longer there
 But the site that is there's called freelancer.com. There's other ones freelancers
 Just script lands was my favorite. There was back there was script lands. There was Odesk. There was
 Renda coder calm. There's bunch ones like that but script lands was my favorite because they got beds back so fast
 Yes, James doing a project. I went to up work
 I or Odesk or up work whatever's called now and I posted it just like it's slow and it's expensive
 But so I went to freelancer which freelancer I think bought script lands and I posted it was like boom within five minutes
 I had like 30 bids. I picked somebody project got done before woke up in the morning and so I was like
 Oh my gosh, this is so exciting. So I recommend
 It's only you do when you just to do it as a test
 Okay, if you trust me this will unlock yourself to so much free meeting them a software developer a programmer or write whatever by just doing this step
 Right takes all the hard work out of it. Just going to
 Freelancer calm create free camp go over there and post a project
 I don't care what the project is make it simple make it dumb and
 Just like five bucks like five bucks. I need somebody to
 Animate my signature five bucks any somebody to whatever in fact
 I remember when I the way I learned how to FTP is I posted on script lands
 I'll pay some five bucks teach me how to FTP a file to my server
 I know how to do that which nowadays don't really do that but back then someone had teach me so I paint five bucks
 He showed me how to do it
 I was like I've done five bucks and there's and it's just it's so simple and so easy you get worked on super cheap
 But you'll find out really quickly how freeing is like oh my gosh
 This is like actually the easiest thing in the world now versus before it's like
 Struggling in frustration all those kind of things and so
 Anyway, I want to put that out there as a thought for you guys
 I've just here's a really simple easy way to get something done and it'll unlock the the floodgates for you
 Okay, if you've never done before the past it's gonna be a little scary because you're like ah scary
 Just like Josh had didn't do it did do it
 As soon as he did it like gave him the billy like now I can create now
 I can be a software developer now
 I can whatever the thing is you need to do and so just do it just to do a test project waste ten bucks
 On something stupid, you know, I'm gonna use throw it away, but just do it once and then you'll be like oh my gosh
 This is cool. I just remember me the very first time I did it
 I was like I met people in India and Romania also
 I have friends all around the world because I hired them on these sites
 Doing all these projects for me. I remember just how cool it was to be able to do that
 So that is your your task
 But today is to go to freelancer.com created projects submit something and just do it just see it once and I guarantee
 It'll be like you feel like the handcuffs were broken off your hands
 And you're not free to create do stuff for forever
 So that's my my assignment for you. I hope you enjoy it. Appreciate you all and I will talk to you guys all soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way and getting more impact some of you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy
 Help you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side. Yo go online and go to one funnel way calm
 That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge there's a challenge starting in the next few days
 So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
