 What's up everybody this Russell Bronson welcome to the marketing secrets podcast
 I'm said marking your car and there's a special reason why I said that the first like I don't know how many episodes
 couple hundred episodes this podcast was called the marketing your car podcast because I would do it every day while I was in the car driving to the office and
 And today is a special day because I'm actually driving to the office in a car
 But it's my new car and you may notice it's not as loud as the last car. Usually I was in the
 The Jeep which is the loudest car on earth, which is why if you listen to last I don't 100 or so episode
 You're like man is a really loud car that he drives right now
 I'm driving in a Tesla and it is so quiet and so fast and so insane and so
 Maybe we're gonna call this one the marketing your car episode number one now just kidding
 This is still marketing secrets, but I got some fun to share with you guys today
 I'll be right back after the theme song
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so
 First off if you're on a test in the let Tesla you just I came to the word right Tesla yet
 You should just get one they're amazing
 And fast and fun my kids have been having so much fun driving around the circles and driving down the street without my hands on the wheel
 In fact, I could oh, yes, I'm gonna do that
 I'm gonna go up to the busier street where I can put it into cruise control and I'm gonna I'm gonna talk
 I'm gonna podcast my hands off the wheel
 Because I have to it's like the first time in the Tesla while podcasting what this is a huge like anyway
 This is a big moment for me. I'm so excited. All right, so with that said
 There's so many things I can talk to you about today. I my
 You guys heard some of the episodes from the lake pal trip and on the long long long drive home in the RV as I was
 Right in the traffic secrets book and do much other things
 I just had a bunch of ideas in my head things I want to share but there's one on top of head right now that I kind of want to share that I thought was
 super fascinating and
 I don't know if it'll help you're not but hopefully it'll give you some insights as you're building your teams and
 You know, I know one of the big things that funhockey live this last year was focusing on
 the who not the how like who are the people you need to help create your your vision not so much how do you do everything and
 You know with that's been a lot of team building
 It's a little inside the coaching program
 We were talking a lot about team building and find the right who's to to develop your how and all that kind of stuff and
 Anyway, one of the big thoughts I think I did a podcast on this a while ago
 I can't remember if I did or for just me talking to my head which happens sometimes
 but one of the big aha's I've had recently is just that there's three types of
 I don't know if it's brains or minds about three types of people inside of every single company and it's interesting
 So I used to think one was better or worse or whenever and and it's not true at all. They're all
 vitally essential to building an amazing team and
 And so that became aware of it then like everything shifted because I don't know maybe it's just me
 I never had a job before so I didn't know how a lot of you know job things work
 Check it out I'm driving right now with no hands
 This is the way to podcast in a Tesla without holding on to a wheel anyway
 I'm such a nerd. Okay, so
 Three types of people and and so I'm gonna go through these the very first type is a strategic thinker
 This is the person in the business who's like the visionary is dreaming about like the things and the vision where we're gonna
 Go and all kind of stuff right that's like one skill set
 The second skill set is out of the manager the manager is really good at listening to the strategic thinker and then be able to lay out
 Okay, here's here's all the things that need to happen to make this person's vision become a reality
 Right? That's the manager and then the third type of mind is the doer and the worker the the person's actually doing the actual work
 right there the ones who who say okay, this is my piece of it and they sit down and they do the work and
 Again, I used to always think it's I don't know
 I always thought like oh, you know
 Everyone needs to be strategic thinkers and I try to get people to think strategically and I thought that was the key
 And then I thought you know like all we need more people managing each other and a lot of times
 We find these people who are amazing workers. They're so good at their thing
 The man they're amazing
 We should upgrade them to be a manager and we put them in a management role and then they're like horrible managers
 It's like I started realizing that those are three different skill sets and sometimes people have
 You know, maybe able to be good at two of them or something like that like I feel like
 I'm a very good strategic thinker and I feel like I'm a really good worker like I can sit down
 I can outwork anybody right but there's one that you're probably better at
 Or one that you should be focusing your time energy. Yeah, right like in the company now I make way more money
 For us and for everybody having a bigger impact by being a strategic thinker than I do being a doer
 Even though I love doing and I'm good at doing I can sit down and work my butt off
 But the strategic thinker for me is a higher leverage activity because I'm better at that than I am at the the doing
 Right and other times there's people that are better doers, right?
 So there's people that are very specific in the field like the copywriter the designer the programmer that the video the audio like people
 They are good at it at a at a at a thing
 They should be focusing there and then there's the managers who you know, they probably are good workers
 But they're better at the management of people
 Anyway, so I started looking at and there's the three different different levels
 and what was interesting is this this
 This week while we were on on the houseboat. I was there with
 with John Jonas and Dan Goggins who owned the online jobs at pH and
 They had their kids there as well. It was really really fun way to get time and anyway
 It was interesting we were talking about about business things like that and one of them said a comment that was interesting
 I said, you know
 The A workers will work for the B workers or excuse me the the A students will work for the B students who
 Who run the companies owned by the C students?
 And I started thinking about that as like oh my gosh
 Think about faceted is the A students will work for the B students who own the companies run or who?
 Managed the companies run by the C or owned by the C students. I start thinking it's like oh my gosh
 Think about this like strategic thinkers traditionally are the entrepreneurs of the founders of a company, right?
 They're very good strategically thinking, but they also traditionally were horrible at school
 For example my cumulative GPA in college. I believe was the 2.3
 Which means I had straight C's okay, and maybe 1A
 Which was a wrestling class and the rest were all C's right?
 I was a C person I sit in class and I daydreamed I'd be all over the place and they tried to do teamwork like it's all work together
 I couldn't do the teamwork either and like I was a strategic thinker and so because I struggled in school I was only able to get a C
 Right I look at a lot of people who are
 Management level inside a click funnel so really good at that like they are beastings the ones who who get along really good at people
 And they coordinate things and they you know
 They probably once had a lot of weekend activities and parties and they hung out a lot of people and and they're really good at like the management of
 People and ideas and concepts right and then the A workers are the really really good workers who sit down and they hear something
 They learn that they understand and they go and they do it
 And I house to have this this epiphany of just like oh my gosh if you look at that
 The strategic thinkers are typically were the C students in school the manager typically the B students in school and the workers are typically the A students in school
 And again
 I used to have this cocky attitude like one was better than the other and I think it was because
 Honestly was a chip on my shoulder from always thinking I was the dumb kid because I was the C student that always struggled
 And so and I got in business had success like oh like
 school sucks and all these things and looking back at it through this lens
 I'm like no like school school like is a really good way to develop
 Your workers right and you need amazing workers
 you know the majority of our company are amazing workers who are doing the thing and that the best the best at the thing and like and and
 You know that that's such a big key and then you got the managers and and then you got the teacher thinkers
 And so anyway, just got me to kind of look through this from a different
 Different lens I'm starting a little bit because I'm still trying to figure out how to drive it
 So this is my second day on the road
 There's all these weird things happening and lights popping up and on the little dashboard
 There's cars flying past me. I'm just trying to make sure I don't kill myself
 On day two of my Tesla driving. I was pretty sure I was gonna get taken on day one because I got the ludicrous modes
 You tap the bridge you tap the gas rule like I just did and you go from zero like 800 in half a second
 Anyway, there's my C student brain
 80d and all over the place
 Alright, I'm coming back. So I'm gonna wrap this one up, but
 basically the thing I want you to learn from today is that there are three types of
 Of people inside your company and there's none of them that are better. They're or they're worse
 Right if click funnels was me as a strategic thinker guess what happened?
 Nothing I'd have a lot of whiteboards a lot of doodles and it would look really really cool
 But nobody's life would have been changed right if I had a strategic mind and a bunch of workers guess what would happen
 We would have been grown we would have like four people on our team
 And would stop that point because there's nobody who could manage the people and put the things together and take the strategy into implementation
 For the workers do the workers right if it wasn't for the B players
 We would know the girl company scale company all these different people not B players that B students the the managers right?
 And all through your essential is none that are better or worse than the other they're all key skills
 And so we understand that and again
 It sinks really close to like a students or workers B students or managers and C students or the strategic thinkers
 What's interesting is how?
 How in your company now if you start thinking about this like look at the people rad look around
 So okay, what am I and I think a lot of times?
 You know we think that we're the strategic thinker because we're an entrepreneur or whatever
 We want to go person
 But if you really are honest with yourself and don't think like what you want to be like what are you actually amazing at you?
 Look at that and say you know, I I'm actually a really really good worker. I love just work here like I
 I'm not that good at doing the thing. I'm not gonna come up stuff up. I'm a really good manager like understand that
 So okay cool. I'm gonna surround myself with the others
 I need to find a good strategic thinker that can bring out my team. I need to find really good workers or vice versa
 I'm a good worker
 I need to find some managers to manage more people besides me and we use
 Strategic thinker to give us a vision and correction right it's all about team buildings
 All about looking at what you've got and like and you know, it's like basketball team
 I'm not a big basketball guy, but you know if you come out there and you've got oh
 Man, this is gonna date me boy. Oh the basketball players. I know I'm John Stockton and Caramelone and Mark Eaton
 That was the last time I watched basketball was was in high school
 But anyway, it's you know if the whole field was a bunch of John Stockton's like he may be a rock star
 But he's a point guard and he's tiny and that you're gonna lose right if you had a whole bunch of Mark Eaton
 You're gonna lose because he's like seven foot seven and you can't run
 But man, he can tip the ball and he can he can block people right
 You know
 much of Caramelone's the same thing like you've got to have all the different people to make the team the team work and so
 Understanding how how essential that is for yourself and for your team as you're as you're building it out and be okay with that
 You know, okay, like if you're not the strategic thinker be okay
 If you're not the worker be okay with that like fit in with what works for you
 I had this big epiphany with this with with my wife recently and my kids like I'm looking at this
 Everything through this lens now like my wife is one of the most amazing people I've ever met. That's why I married her
 I love her. She's she's she's insanely cool
 And sometimes I get frustrated because like I know that she wants she
 She wants us on Saturdays to work as a family. So I'll come to us. He's a what's the vision? What do you want me to do?
 And she'll look at me like like I
 Don't know like I just want everything done like you know
 She gets when Ashley what's the vision she gets really really stuck and then I'm okay
 So del get like who do you want to do what and she looks at me like like what are you talking about like I'm speaking Chinese to her
 Right and then I look at her and she sits down
 She just works her butt off like she will clean the entire house
 And we've got a big house by herself faster than anyone ever and it's just immaculate and spotless and like she is a worker
 She's insanely good that worker. Okay, but she's not a manager. She can't delegation up get that and she's not good at
 The vision right it's not I'm understanding that I've come in
 I still K club the vision I have for this for Saturday's like let's get the whole garage cleans out what you agree with it
 She's like oh yeah, I love that vision. I'm like cool. Okay, I'm gonna get the kids on that
 And then I gotta be the manager. So okay you do this you do this
 I manage out the kids and then we all go and we work and and that's how it flows really well
 All the fights we get on Saturday mornings when I'm trying to ask what's your vision or I'm trying to say hey
 You know what who do you want to do what like she though? That's not her skill sets, right?
 And so it's understanding that and and now that we kind of understand those roles man things work so much better now
 Because I can cast because I'm always waiting like I don't want to step on her foot
 So I'm gonna I'm gonna let her cast the vision and she's just like I
 Like I just got it worked and get this thing done because I'm a worker right and that's what she she does
 And so when I realized I'm not stepping on her foot
 But I'm actually doing a really good thing by casting the vision and and and getting people in the right spots
 You know to do the right things then it just changed everything so anyway
 Hope that helps hopefully helps in your marriage. Hope helps with your relationships with your kids
 With your company with your team with all the things you're trying to do
 Because if you have all those pieces it makes your job a bajillion times easier and you can quote me on that
 So that's that thanks you guys appreciate you all and hopefully for those guys who struggle in school and you got C's or you got B's
 You're okay with that now. You're like man. It's it's okay. I'm a strategic thinker
 I'm a manager. I don't need to get A's and if you're a student like man, I am good at getting crap done
 That's where I fit into the side the team. That's my superpower. Let's get some crap done and plug me in to the right spot
 For D students and F students. I don't really know where you fit in this
 I
 Think D and F. Yeah, I got I got nothing for you
 So you're probably yeah, you probably should go back to school and try a little harder next time
 Because even I got C's and I was really bad at school
 So you just show up you go to see the other ones just don't show up
 So you probably won't hire them on your team. All right
 That's like appreciate you all thanks for listening
 If you got any value from this please take a screenshot of your phone right now and post it on Facebook and Instagram and
 Tag me so I can see it and use hashtag marketing secrets. I greatly appreciate it. That said I'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
