 What's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 I'm excited. We are at a fun time of year where right now Dean and Tony are doing the
 next big product launch, which means whenever that happens, I get a chance to interview
 Dean and Tony and get a bunch of cool things from them and for you guys. We also put together
 an amazing bonus for when they launch their course. The next couple of podcasts, I got
 some just cool marketing and personal development candy for you. Hopefully you don't mind.
 That's going to be a lot of fun. The first one is actually, I was going back through
 all the old campaigns when we first, when Mashedime.com first launched and I was actually at the
 time business partner with Tony and Dean and helping them do the initial launch, which
 is really fun and really cool. As I was doing that, basically I created a whole bunch of
 pre-launch videos that were really cool. I went back to watching them. The first two
 were, I thought were really fun. I'm going to put those two together in just one episode.
 It'll be just trading on my very first Mashedime never, then also what my Mashedime funnel
 looks like to sell people. It'll be a really fun one for you guys to listen in on. Here,
 at the end of it, you're going to be giving it a call to action for the new bonus, which
 obviously it's changed since three years ago. The content on my first Mashedime and then
 also the funnel behind it hasn't changed. That's what this episode is going to be about.
 I'm going to share those to the audio from those two videos. Just to help you guys think
 about Mashedimining a little differently into how to sell a Mashedime and hopefully
 will be beneficial for you. If it is, and you want more, Tony and Dean are launching
 the new course soon. I have other details right now to show you, but I guarantee it'll
 be amazing because, come on now, it's going to be amazing. We are also putting together
 an insane bonus offer for those who get it. If you want to see what my offer is, depending
 on the launch that's happening, it may or may not be live, but it will be at takethechallenge.com.
 The chance to see what my bonus offer is for this new launch. Hope that helps. It makes
 you so much for listening in and hope you enjoy this episode.
 The big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure
 capital for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get
 our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 still remain profitable? That was the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey, my name is Russell. I want to thank you so much for registering for this series and
 I got some really cool stuff to share with you. Number one being what is this old book
 that I have right here that I found on eBay? I'm going to share with you what it is here
 in a second and the big secret I learned inside that you're going to know about. But before
 I do, I want to tell you a story about how this concept actually really affected and
 changed my life. So I want to take you back in time about almost 14 years ago when I was
 first starting my online business the very first time. I know what I was doing. I was
 trying to figure out all these new things. There was Google, there was Friendster, there
 was MySpace is just coming out and I was trying to figure out how to make money online. I
 started having a little bit of success and as I started having some success, I started
 looking for mentors and coaches to teach me. So I started hiring online coaches to teach
 internet marketing and things like that. But what was interesting is every time I would
 hire these guys, I kept hearing them talk about this guy. His name was Dan Kennedy. He was
 kind of an older guy who had been teaching direct response marketing. I went to his website
 which was horrible by the way and there was nothing on there about internet marketing.
 I'm like, "How did I learn from this guy?" And I do remember they had one product, it
 was called the Platinum $250,000 mastermind recordings. It was like the lost recordings
 or something. And it looked like it was intriguing to me. So I bought this thing. I remember
 getting in the mail a week or two later and I started listening to it. And it was funny
 because I first listened to Dan Kennedy. I didn't connect with him right away. I was
 like, "Oh." And I decided I was just, I'm not going to listen to this. There's nothing
 with internet marketing. He's talking about direct mail and all these crazy things. And
 so I kind of just blew it off. And then I remember about a month or two later, the house
 that I'd owned at the time, our yard flooded. Really, really bad flooding. And so I remember
 I called the city. They came down to look at the flood and they said, "Oh, well the pipe's
 broken, but it's on the yard, not on the street side. So it's kind of your deal." Like, what
 does that mean? It's like, you got to figure this out. I'm like, I don't know how to figure
 this out. I'm a brand new homeowner. So I basically got to get a shovel. I had to dig
 down and try to find where this pipe was broken. And at the time, I didn't have any, this is
 before, you know, iTunes and podcasts and things like that. So I didn't have the ability
 to go and listen and stuff like that. So I was like, "What should I listen to?" And
 I went into my house and I had a CD player. I had this old course from these Platinum
 meetings the Dan Kennedy was having. And so I put him in, put my headphones on. I started
 digging. And I spent the entire day digging out my whole front yard to find this broken
 pipe. And while I was doing that, I was listening in behind the scenes of a private
 mastermind meeting that was happening. And I remember listening to person after person
 all sharing their ideas and their thoughts and their wisdom. And I remember just thinking,
 "Man, I would have paid any amount of money to be a fly in that wall in those meetings
 when they were happening." And just having a chance to listen, I learned so much from
 this group. And I remember after I think, "I have to be part of this group. I have to
 be part of this group." And so then, you know, day or two later, I went back to Dan Kennedy's
 website. I got his information. I was like, "I have to be part of this group." I contacted
 his office and said, "Well, this is a mastermind group." But it sold out. It was like a two
 or three year waiting list. But you can get on the list if you want. I was like, "No,
 you're just like, 'I have to be in here. I'm a big player. I'm a big internet marketer.
 I'll be amazing here." And they're like, "No, we're sold out." And I kept bugging.
 I kept having my friends contacting. Everybody could possibly get in. And finally, I think
 they got annoyed with the little kid who's kept bugging him. And they're like, "Fine,
 you can join the program. Here you go." And they sent me an application for him. And we're
 getting the application and looking at it. And I think the fee to sign up was like $25,000,
 which is probably as much money as I'd made to that point in my internet business. I was
 like, "Oh my gosh. I can't believe it's that much money." But at the same time, I was
 like, "I've just been talking to this big game these guys about how good of an entrepreneur
 I'm like, 'I have to be there.'" So I took out my credit card that I didn't have the
 money for. And I ended up buying access to this mastermind meeting. And I remember thinking
 and telling my wife, my friends, "I'm going to go to this Dan Kennedy." Mastermind meeting
 was amazing. I jumped in a plane. I flew all the way to Baltimore, Maryland. I got there
 and I walked in this room not knowing what to expect. And there's 18 people in the room
 counting myself and then one other person. And it wasn't Dan Kennedy. I remember looking
 at him like, "Who's that guy?" And we sat down. He started facilitating this meeting.
 And I remember being really confused at first. And he introduced himself as Bill Glazer.
 Now, it's funny, he's looking back in time now. Bill was my main mentor for the first
 six years of my business through this mastermind group. And he was Dan Kennedy's business partner.
 He ran this group. And he ran it very specific, very certain way I'll talk about this here
 in a minute. But that mastermind changed my life. I went for making probably $25,000 to
 have my first million dollar year, my first $10 million dollar year and really getting
 the foundation of my business. But more so than just my business, my life, helping me
 figure out things. And that mastermind group to this day, some of those people are still
 my closest friends. And so that was kind of my first experience with the mastermind group.
 I'll talk about in some of these videos coming up, how I facilitate my masterminds and things
 like that. But I want to come back to this book. So this book, if you, I'm sure you've
 probably heard of it. Some of you probably haven't read it yet. But if you have it,
 you should. But the book is called Think and Grow Rich. And this is actually a first edition
 copy I bought off of eBay. I have an obsession with really, really old books. And so I buy
 a lot of them. And this is one I bought recently because Napoleon Hill, I shouldn't pull
 him down to my, Napoleon Hill, he wrote this book, clear back in 1937. And what's interesting
 is Andrew Carnegie actually was the one, I think Andrew Carnegie was a billionaire at
 the time. He's one of the commissioned, Napoleon Hill, going right this, interview almost rich,
 famous people and figure out what do they know that we don't know. And they come in
 and let's make it into a book. And so he went out there and did that. And there's so
 many amazing principles aside this book that if you, if you read it, like I think most
 people today who have made, you know, tens of not hundreds of millions dollars attribute,
 this is one of the first books that shifted their thinking. But one of the concepts he
 talked about here is the concept of a mastermind. And to my knowledge, this was the very first
 time that the concept of a mastermind I was ever taught was inside of this book. And it's
 interesting because I took some notes before we started recording this for you guys. A
 lot of people think masterminds are different things. You know, I think the internet marketing
 world is kind of defined to masterminds. This is what it is, this a group of people that
 meet together and, you know, this kind of how it works. But the reality is initially
 in thinking, which, when a mastermind was a little bit different. Inside the book, it
 says, it says two minds, no two minds ever came together without thereby creating a third
 invisible intangible force, which would be likened to a third mind, also known as masterminds.
 So basically saying is when two people get together, that, you know, I have my mind,
 you have your mind, we come together in a room, we start sharing ideas. And what happens
 is that the power of synergy, you know, Tony Robbins always talks about proximity is power.
 When you're in that room sharing those ideas, a third mind is smarter than either of us
 appears and the idea is to get bigger than that third mind is called a mastermind. So
 anytime at least two people meet together, it creates a third power for mine called
 a mastermind. That's really what it is, is people getting together and working together.
 In fact, it's actually Andrew Carnegie, it's tribute to all of us to his mastermind group.
 In the book Thinking Roads, they talked about a lot of people said that Andrew Carnegie wasn't
 that smart of a person. And I'll probably slaughter the story of basically someone
 came to him and say, you know, asking all these questions and he didn't know the answer
 to him. They're like, you know, how are you the richest man in the world? You know, I
 ain't that smart. And he said, look, I may not know the answers to everything. He said,
 within my mastermind group of people, you know, I'm one button away from giving the answer
 to anyone the questions you want. So I don't have to know it. I said, if a group of people
 collectively where we, the mastermind intelligence among us has everything. And I remember thinking
 about that as I was, as I joined that first mastermind with Bill Glaser and sitting there
 in the room and at first I was kind of annoyed because Dan Kennedy wasn't there, you know,
 and, and then I started watching this and the first person got up and the person talked
 about their business, they shared all the big wins that they had in their business that
 year. And I'm listening, I'm like, oh my gosh, like all these ideas started flooding
 in my head. And then after they started asking questions and people started coaching that
 person, I started watching as these other millionaires were coaching this person on how
 to fix their business, what to change. And I'm seeing they're looking at this through
 my lens of my own business, I was getting ideas and thoughts like it just shifted the
 way that I thought about things. And it's amazing because, you know, the growth I had
 in that short period of time was, was second to none. And so that's kind of what a mastermind
 is. And when we're talking a lot about this over the next, the next few weeks, partially
 because as you may or may not have heard, Tony Robbins, Dean Groszio, CME, and putting
 together a project all about masterminding and how it works, how you can create your
 own masterminds, how do you facilitate them, and how does it, does it work. In fact, in
 my business right now, we do over eight figures a year in mastermind cells between my inner
 circle masterminds and you guys know about, which I actually run here in this room. This
 is my mastermind room. I created it specifically for my inner circle mastermind. We also have
 another type of mastermind program, it's a group coaching program between the two we
 over eight figures a year. And there's not many companies out there that do more than
 us. You know, on top of that, you got Tony Robbins, who's been doing this stuff for,
 you know, log and I have been on this earth and Dean the same thing. In fact, I joined
 Dean's mastermind group. It's a hundred thousand dollars a year. Him and Tony launched, you
 knew him doing this $250,000 a year. But we want to teach you guys behind the scenes
 of how these things work. You know, a lot of times, I think when we get into this type
 of business, we want to like create information products, things like that. The first default
 is like, I'm going to write a book. I'm going to create a course. And those things are
 good. They can be really hard. In fact, one of the most powerful things you can do instead
 of that is actually creating a mastermind group. It's easier to do. It's more simple.
 And a lot of times, it's more transformational for the people who have a chance to go through
 it. And so I'm a big believer in it. And I'm actually going to be showing you guys more
 and more like how we run our masterminds, what they look like, how do we fill our masterminds,
 a bunch of other stuff. But at the end of this series, Tony, Dean, and I are launching
 a new product that is coming out. And I've got some insane bonuses for you that are just
 specific those who are watching these videos right here that nobody else gets. And so I
 want to make sure you check back on this page to find out about all the bonuses. But what
 I want you to do right now, this is your first task, because you choose to accept it, is
 me, Dean and Tony, going to be doing a live webcast here in the next couple of days.
 The date and the time will be down below. There'll be a button. Just click on that button
 and it'll take you to page and you can register for that. I'm actually flying down to Arizona
 to be in Dean's office. Tony's going to be there as well. All three of us are going
 to be in the room. It's going to be insane. I just want to make sure you are there. So
 make sure you register down below. Come show up. And we're going to be talking about the
 product, the course, the software. All the stuff is coming out and this long interest
 is really, really exciting. But make sure you don't buy it. That's the biggest thing.
 I'm pretty good at a bonus that is insanely cool. You'll see on this page somewhere a
 little hint of what it's going to be. But I really special offer for you guys. It's
 going to blow your mind. It'll take the investment you make if you decide to make it in this
 training program. It'll make it 10 times even better and cooler. So that's the game plan.
 So that said, right now your call to action is to click on the link down below and go
 and register for the web class with me, Dean and Tony. It's coming up soon. It's going
 to be so much fun. I want to make sure you are there. So do not miss it. And that's
 all I got you guys. Click down below. And on the next video in the sequence in this
 series is going to be coming out. I'm going to show you guys how we run our mastermind
 funnels. What does the funnels look like that we use to actually get people into our
 mastermind? I'm going to show you guys behind the scenes of two different ones, how they
 work, and how you can use them to grow your mastermind groups as well. So that said, register
 down below and I'll see you on the next video.
 Hey, everyone. It's Russell. Welcome back to the next video in this series. Today we'll
 be talking about mastermind funnels. How do you actually fill up one of your mastermind
 groups? That's something, it's interesting when I told you this before, my story about
 being in Bill Glazers mastermind group for six years. And when it was done, he built
 sold the company and I decided I want to plug in a different group and see if there's
 more people out there I can connect with. And so I started joining other mastermind groups.
 I joined one after the other after the other. I just, but I never found one that like, that
 really resonated with me. I thought, you know what, what if I just started my own?
 And I didn't know what that looked like, what it meant, but I started trying to do
 it. And at first it was really, really hard. It was like pulling teeth, trying to get people
 to join. I tried everything I could dream up from like, you know, doing webinars, doing
 teleseminars, like calling people on the phone, like randomly, like messaging people
 through Facebook and like PM me. I'm like, all the, you name it. I tried it. Nothing worked.
 And I was like, you know what Russell, you're this guy who's obsessed with funnels. Why
 you figure out a funnel that'll work for this? I was like, okay, well, what's, is everyone
 else doing anything like that? Like, I don't know how to do it. You know, I had one, I
 had one, you know, prior, in a prior business, I had a call center where we had, now we had
 about 40 or 50 sales guys on the phone calling all of our leads and selling stuff like that.
 So I had a little success doing that before, but I was like, I don't want to have 40 or
 50 salespeople again. There's got to be a better way. There's got to be an easier way
 to do this. Like, what does it look like? And so it went to the drawing board start
 trying a whole bunch of different things. What came out of it was basically two funnels
 and two funnels that were so powerful. Like these funnels replaced literally like 30 to
 40 full-time salespeople. The funnels did all of the scrubbing, the washing, the getting
 rid of like the people that weren't right fit, finding the best people and pulling them
 out and just giving it a point where literally we built an eight figure a year coaching, consulting,
 master mining company, which is two salespeople. And so we did it with these two different
 funnels and I'm going to show you how to work because they're really simple, really
 easy. And then what's cool is if you do invest in the training that Dean Tony and I are putting
 together, I've got a long form video actually go deeper. I show you every single page. I
 give you a share of funnels, these funnels and other stuff right now. They're really
 cool, but for right now I just want to kind of map out what they look like. So both these
 funnels are relatively simply, there's only relatively simple, there's only three pages
 in both of them. And they're almost the same other than one key component. So the first
 one is what I call the free case study funnel. Okay. And the whole concept behind this is
 you got to figure like what is the result you're trying to get your customer, right?
 And then you've done that for other people in the past. And if you haven't yet, have
 you done it for yourself, right? If you're like, Hey, I'm going to teach you how to lose
 800 pounds in a weekend, which is a horrible claim. Don't do that. You'll go to jail. But
 let's just say you have yourself, right? And you're like, I am going to teach you how
 to lose 800 pounds in a weekend. If you've done it for other people, it would be case
 study about their story. That's always better than your own case study. But if you don't
 have one that's your own case study about how you lost 800 pounds in a weekend, right?
 But whatever that is, that's the first thing. So then we have right here, and basically,
 this is the video of you sharing the case study. And then my headline, some like free
 case study dot dot and then boom, whatever case study is about. Very simple, very easy,
 right? Then over here, you're going to have your Facebook ads and stuff like that. It's
 talking about, Hey, here's a free case study about how I did blah, very simple. Like there's
 no like trickery or, you know, tricky copy or sneaky things. Very simple. It's like free
 case study about how I did blah. It adds like, Hey, do you want to see a free case study
 about how to go here? They go to funnel, they watch this video. In this page, what we call
 a reverse squeeze page, like a typical squeeze page, someone comes to it, you give them some
 curiosity and give you the email address, reverse squeeze page, they come and give all the value
 at front. So this whole video here could be 10, 15 minutes sharing case study about how
 you did whatever you did. And then the end of it, the call to action is like, if you'd
 like my help implementing this inside your business or your life or your, you know, whatever
 it is you're selling, then click down below to apply to work with me. There's a button
 down here that says apply. And it's that simple. Okay. That's page number one. The free
 case to patient clicks on apply pops up from here. We ask the name of the email address,
 typically this gives you the ability to follow up them back here. And then that redirects
 not a page number two. Okay. And page number two is where you have their official invitation.
 Okay. And here we're going to talk about more about what is, what it looks like. I think
 you're going to apply to work with me. Here's how it works. This is your official invitation.
 We explain the program in some detail, not super good detail, but nothing kind of get
 excited. And then the application form right here, where they to fill out different questions.
 Okay. And here is where we call this a takeaway cell. Okay. The old school I told you before
 I had a call center, we were calling all of our customers trying to sell coaching. The
 takeaway cells, different takeaway cells, like, look, I don't want to take everyone, like
 pitch me on why I should work with you. So instead of you pitching them, like, oh, you
 should work in the middle of amazing and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, all
 those kinds of things. Instead, you say, like, like, tell me, like, I'm busy. I did this
 for myself. I've been there for other clients. I knew it for you as well, but why should
 I work with you? I could work with anybody. Why should I work with you? So they have to
 actually then pitch them, pitch, you are why you should work with them. Okay. It's changing
 the whole cell psychology. I'm flipping on its head. Okay. They tell you why they should
 work with you. Okay. And you send emails here and you can send a bunch of emails here trying
 to get them to fill us out. Okay. And after they fill out this page right here, then you
 take them to what we call the homework page. The homework page has a couple really important
 things. Number one is there's this gap between when someone registered, like someone fills
 the application and when you actually call them on the phone to sign them up for your
 coaching, right? There's this gap that happens in between. And so the homework is where I'm
 trying to like intensify the relationship with them. Okay. So on my pages here, if you guys
 are ever seen my video where I tell a story about my wife and I try to get pregnant,
 I try to build a relationship about why I care about business and what happened and how
 we go fertility. And I tell the whole story behind that and it makes people connect with
 me at a different level. So I'm giving homework and assignments to do videos to watch things
 like that they need to do before this phone call happens. Okay. And then after that, then
 they go and there's a phone call. And the way we do our phone call, I'm not going to
 go into details, but it's a two step. There's a first person that's called the center and
 the goal of the center is to go over applications so if they're good fit, if they are, then it
 moves on to the closer and then qualifies them and gets them into the program. So usually
 we have two salespeople to do this process. Okay. So that's kind of the whole thing.
 Now, one more really cool thing that we learned when we were doing this is back in the day
 when we had the big call center, it was structured where if we outbound called them, how much
 we made for applications or dollar for application, it would, it would, if we were outbound calling
 them, it would go down, right? But if they were calling us, then it would go up. So what
 we also do, we have a section here where I try to get them to call us like, hey, if you
 want to jump the front line, here's the phone number 56666, whatever it is, like give us
 a call, call this person and then it'll jump your application to the front. So I want
 to find the people that are the most hyperactive, most excited to have them call us so we can
 look at our application faster. What happens is that it increases how much money you make.
 Okay. Now I'm going to show you guys some basic stats and I'm nervous about sharing
 this because these change from industry to industry and business to business, but some
 basic applications when you're looking at like Facebook ads, YouTube ads, Instagram ads,
 my goal is to spend less than $100 to get somebody to fill out this application here.
 Okay. So if it's costing you three or $400 you can fill out the application. If your
 case date wasn't good enough, the hook wasn't good enough, whatever it was, okay. If it's
 below 100 bucks, it's like sweet party, like let's give this to me applications as we can.
 Then on the backside here, again, you're not going to accept all the applications. You
 just accept the people you want to work with, but on average, we'll make about $1,500 every
 application we get. So we spend $100 to make $1,500. Okay. It's 15 extra money, which is
 amazing. But that's kind of how that thing all happens. Okay. So that right there is
 the free case study funnel. It's very powerful, very simple, very easy. If you do multiple
 things in your coaching program, your business or your mastermind group, you can do different
 case studies on different things that you can solve, different problems you can solve
 for people. It's always come back like, what's the big result I can get for someone to make
 a case study showing how I got that result. And that becomes a hook to get people into
 this whole flow. Okay. So there's the case study funnel. Now the second type of funnel
 is almost identical from here on its identical doesn't change, but this part right here changes
 a little bit. And this right here, so I'm going to do this and I'll arrow up here because
 this whole rest of the process is the same. Instead of having a free case study, what
 we do is we just have a straight story or testimony. Okay. The person right here. So
 if you've seen my inner circle page, there's a video of Liz Benny telling her story. Her
 story worked with me. It's like a three minute video of her telling her story. It's what
 happened to work with Russell's amazing experience. I got you, if you have a chance to work with
 them and then right there, there's an apply button. Apply and boom, pushes them to the
 same funnel. Okay. Two, two, two funnels. Very similar. One is, here's a free case study
 about how I got this result for somebody. And number two is just, here's a success story.
 Here's something that somebody did that's awesome and it's very simple, very easy. Okay.
 So there, that's, that's kind of it, you guys. After like literally probably five years of
 testing and tweaking and trying multiple pages, tons of pages, no pages, like this kind of
 hook, this kind of like all sorts of stuff and all of a sudden down like these two funnels
 and that process from the ones that work the best for us out of everything. Okay. So I
 hope that this video helps you see behind, for all my funnel builders, you're geeking
 out and it's like, how do I now get people into my mastermind groups? This is the process.
 This is the path. This is exactly how we do it and how you can do it as well. Okay.
 All right. So with that said, I want to remind you guys that the big launch for masterminds
 is coming up and I want to also remind you that we have a very special bonus coming out
 and inside this bonus are some really cool things. Number one, being the question that
 most you guys will be asking me or thinking in your head is like, well, what, what does
 the setter say? What's the closer say? What's the difference? How does this work? Part
 of my special offer is going to be giving you the actual sales scripts for both of these
 people as well as training to train them. So if you just have two people, you basically
 watch this video, read the script and that'll be part of it. This, this bonus and all the
 other stuff I'm going to tell you guys in the next video is only available right here
 inside of this, this, if you buy it through my affiliate link, you buy a new route, you
 don't get that boat, that part of the bonus. So, so I'm going to remind you about that.
 So make sure before you buy this package to come back here, check out exactly my offers
 when it goes live. It's going to be going live next day or so. All right. So the last
 thing I want to make sure you do right now, the call action for this video is make sure
 if you haven't yet registered for the web class with me, Tony and Dean, it's coming up
 very, very soon. There'll be a button down below. Click on that button. It'll take you
 to page register for web class. It's going to be so much fun to hang out. So make sure
 you register for that. And with that said, after you register, then just wait for the
 next video. Come out because the next video is going to show you what you get when you
 buy it through my affiliate link. It's going to be a lot of fun. I think you're going to
 love the offer. It's very special. It's going to give you this piece of the puzzle, which
 I know you're going to love and a whole bunch of other cool stuff as well. So that said,
 thanks you guys and I will see you on the next video.
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast. If you've loved this episode, then
 please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook, Instagram or wherever
 you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what
 you like to hear in the future. That'll help me to know what to create for you. Also, Dan
 Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever designed to help
 you make maximum money in minimum time. This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth
 of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift
 from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter.com. Not only you're going to get the $20,000
 gift, you also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters that will be hand delivered by
 the mill man to your mailbox each and every month, one from Dan Kennedy and one from me.
 To get this gift and your subscription, go to no BS letter.com right now.
 (upbeat music)
