 Hey everybody, this is Russell. I'm still in Puerto Rico and I got one more clip in funnel hacking
 I want to share with you guys and if you've been listening to last couple episodes from funnel hacking
 I first when I shared is
 What is a funnel hacker?
 I talked about being an entrepreneur by birth, but a funnel hacker by choice and what is this crazy community?
 You've chosen to be part of and then number two
 I talked about the five steps you go through to find your voice including how to find and test your own frameworks and then yesterday's
 episode was all about how to
 How to actually teach your frameworks today is a little shorter episode
 But how to actually sell your frameworks and this is one of the things that I think a lot of people miss fact
 I missed it a lot until I started really digging deep in this also realize I'm like oh my gosh
 There's this commonality and when you understand it, it becomes really powerful. So that's the hint
 That's how I'm gonna give you right now. We're a cute theme song
 He has listened to that and we come back you'll have a chance to hear the final the ending part of my presentation from funnel hacking
 I have my keynote presentation
 And we'll kind of wrap out this this series on frameworks and how to find them and develop them create them teach them and also sell them
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing sequence
 Now I want to show you guys my framework for selling frameworks
 Okay, it's very similar, but it's different. Okay, when I'm teaching a framework. I teach all those things when I'm selling is different
 I'm selling number one. I still tell about how I learned or I earned it number two. I still teach this strategy, but I don't
 Teach the tactics and I show the case studies. Okay, what somebody typically is buying from you is the tactical
 It's here's the process. Here's what it is. Okay, so if I'm selling something I don't teach
 I don't do number three. I do number one two and number four. Okay, so let me show example this so
 I mean I don't see my funnel hacks presentation
 It's the presentation the bill click fun
 I don't see any yet that's shocking to me because I did that webinar live over a hundred times and it's been on
 Auto webinar for four years now, and it sold
 100 million dollars plus of click funnel so you haven't seen it yet. You should at least watch it because it's really good
 Put a lot of effort into it
 But if you look at this like watch how my slides mimic this process, okay?
 So number one I tell the story about how I learned or I earned secret number one, right?
 So I talk about Tony Robbins taught me how if you want to keep success
 You got to do this and then I talk about the pioneers I talk about Porter stands where I tell the story about how I learned
 Earn this tactic right then I switch over to the to the strategy. Okay, here's the strategy step number one
 I'm here sharing my framework probably fun. I accept number one. You got a funnel hacks on the successful step number two
 You got to buy the product step from three the suggested movement from four building click fun
 Oh, by the way my product eventually actually step number four by stuff a framework for success for them, right?
 Then I skip number three
 Okay, because number three be like okay
 Let me show you a 50 step six step tutorial about how to actually build your funnel and click fun
 Let me show you know I think I skip that and I go directly to the social proof. Here's what we did there funnel boom
 Okay, and that's how I taught that section of framework then I move on to secret number two in my in my framework
 Okay, same thing I start right here with
 We how I learned where I earned it back in the past we had to do we have programmers and designers and analytics people
 Was super hard I had the tech guy into this and this and this but there we figured out a new way a better way
 Let me show you the strategy then I do my demo click funnels and the demo click funnel shows the strategy step one
 I pick a template step two I pick the funnel type step thing
 I walk through the the framework for how I build a funnel side click funnels, right?
 Then from there I skip number three and I go into number four, which is here's the case study boom boom boom boom home
 It's case studies, okay. All right, Cindy now secret number three same thing
 Okay, number one. I tell how I learned I earned it. Okay, Google slapped me again. Here's the framework except number one
 I figure out where are the people gonna traffic from separate to I go to similar web separate three
 I look at this at number four boom boom boom boom boom
 I go through the whole the whole framework of how I get traffic and then from there and with the case study of how it actually happened
 Okay, do you see how that works? So when I when I'm selling through a framework I teach number one
 How we learned we earned it number two. I teach a strategy the number three. I show the social proof. Thank you
 Any guys any aha's?
 Okay, I'm dropping some things now. We're gonna throughout this week
 I'm gonna be sharing other frameworks. We're gonna talk about the story selling framework tonight after dinner
 Which is gonna be going deeper into like the story parts of stuff and how we have craft the stories and we orchestrated all those kind of things
 It's really cool, but we're going to try to close this down with is this week you guys and why you understand that?
 I'm gonna be showing you guys a lot of frameworks in fact some of my presentations like ten minutes of the long I come out
 I'm like okay. I got sure you guys a quick framework
 I'm gonna go for ten minutes on a framework and bounce the guy out again and the next speaker will be out
 Okay, everyone of our speakers is gonna be showing their framework for success
 Okay, well you guys see the framework understand it start mastering these frameworks as you're doing that
 Okay, so master the frameworks you're gonna be giving during finality live and then number two is as you're thinking to start designing
 What are the frameworks for your business? Okay come back to this like what is the result that my dream customers pay me for?
 I don't care what business you're in they're all paying you for a result
 It's the only reason why people buy stuff. They want to result. What is the result and start thinking?
 What's my framework? What could it be? I got to figure out a name for it. I got to figure out like what am I gonna title?
 What's step one? It's a two set three. What's my hypothesis?
 I gotta create like this is what I think is right and then I go back home
 I gotta be human guinea pig and test it on myself
 See if I get it to work for me and if it does work for me
 Then I gotta go and find other people making sure it works for them and would have this framework
 Oh my gosh, just becomes my ads and my opt-ins and my and my thing and I can sell all sorts of things around that
 Okay, but that's what I really want you guys to understand is this lens of frameworks
 We're gonna be doing so many things throughout this weekend about it
 Well, you guys understanding that and getting excited about developing your own frameworks
 And hopefully you start looking back words in time about like oh my gosh
 Here's all the different frameworks that I've seen Russell use on me
 I doodle four of them you guys are gonna pick out the name of them just by the sing my doodles
 Like that's the power of what we're doing creating things that your customers remember over and over and over again
 Okay, any of you guys are now who've gone through the perfect webinar framework training if you're on webinar
 You're stuck like what do I do what I do you look at you look at the doodle
 Yeah, oh, I know exactly what to do right it gives you the ability to serve your customers at a higher level
 And you could bet any other thing any other way when you start creating your own frameworks, okay
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunce community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy
 Help you understand the tactics hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side
 Go online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC]
