 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing secrets podcast
 So today I got something really special for you guys for those who are at phone hacking live you may remember my
 Intro presentation it was called hook story offer and how it relates to the perfect webinar and
 It was a lot of fun and we actually streamed it live so that everyone who wasn't a phone hacking live would get extreme
 FOMO if you're missing out and want to come for like live next year and so you know
 I thought was a stream live online. What if I give to everyone on the podcast and give them all FOMO as well
 For those who weren't there and for those who were there just to give you a reminder on
 You know the foundation that laid out for the event because it's the foundation for all the different things
 And so it's presentation. I'm really proud of and I think will help a lot of you guys
 So it's gonna go into hook story offer and also about how it ties back into the perfect webinar and beliefs and a whole bunch of stuff like that
 We're gonna break this up over
 probably four episodes
 Couple parts I'm gonna cut out just because they don't make sense to show you like for example
 We did a year in review video that was really really fun
 But if you can't see it doesn't really make sense
 We'll kind of pull some of those pieces out of the out of the podcast episode that you have to be able to see visually
 But for most what you have a chance to
 Here my opening keynote presentation from this year's funnel hacking live if you haven't got your tickets yet for next year's
 Fun hacking live you are insane. This may be the last year we do it in the future
 I'm not even able to find more here. I don't know
 But I do know we booked the hotel. We paid the money. So it's happening one year from right now ish
 And I don't want you there. So if you haven't got your ticket check go to funnel hacking live comm grab your tickets
 And with that said I hope you enjoy over the next four episodes my keynote presentation from funnel hacking live
 2019 so my cue up to the theme song and we come back we'll start into my first opening presentation
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 How many guys are pumped to be here this week?
 This is like we've been talking about this for the last 12 months since last time we were all hanging out
 How many guys feel like this is your click funnels funnel hacker family reunion?
 So exciting to have all of you guys here
 It's funny as we were kind of preparing this whole thing and you guys kind of know I'm obsessed with t-shirts
 You've all gotten at least one so far, right?
 There's more coming
 But we were looking at like what should like what's the right message for the t-shirt?
 Everyone's gonna be wearing when they come here today
 It's gonna really connect us as a family and one of my inner circle meetings
 I can't remember who it was they posted this quote up during the presentation and I read it and I got chills
 And I was like oh my gosh like that's like that's the message
 And so if you see the first slide here
 This is the back of the shirt you guys all got
 Says surround yourself with the dreamers and the doers the believers and the thinkers
 But most of all surround yourself with those who see greatness within you even when you don't see it yourself
 I think sometimes that's how it is inside of a family, right?
 Obviously everyone that's here is at a different stage their business of their life
 Some of you guys are the spot where you're trying to figure out the next big thing to take your business next level
 Some of you guys are very beginning trying to figure this out
 And so we've got a lot of you guys all here together
 And so what's amazing about this community in this family is how everyone works together to help each other and to raise each other up
 Which is really cool a couple about a month and a half ago or so as I was preparing for the 10x event
 We're trying to get to the 10x event
 And for 35,000 people in the baseball stadium with an echo that made it impossible for anyone to hear so much stress
 And then this event which is like and all this stuff
 There's like it was it was heavy on me
 And I remember I texted Garrett why and I was just talking to back and forth and he sent me a quote
 That meant the world to me and I think for a lot of you guys who are here in this room
 You probably feel this this pressure a little bit and this is what his tech said to me
 it said heavy is the head that wears the crown and
 And he said that he said that to me and I started thinking and then he messes me a few minutes later
 He said I want you to understand he's like he's like I understand where you're at
 You've chosen to go out from the world
 Most people sit at home and they watch TV and they do as little as possible
 You've chosen to step out into the world and try to change it and that's different. It's not you
 It's not normal people don't do that be you've done it. They said I see you and
 As I was preparing my presentation today, I was thinking about how many of you guys are here doing the same thing
 It is way easier to stay at home and not be here, right?
 It was way easier to just go to a job or just ways you're to plug in and watch TV or watch Netflix or do whatever it is
 It's harder to come here and try to learn a skill set and the thing where you're gonna go out there and put yourself out
 It's gonna be awkward and uncomfortable a lot of times, right? How many I still awkward here right now?
 Okay, where are my introverts in the room?
 It's hard right that's my most stage. I'm scared of everybody. Okay, I understand it is tough
 But it's worth it, okay, and I wanted to say it to all of you guys who are in that situation right now
 Like I see you I see what you're doing and that's why we're killing ourselves people ask me all the time Russell
 Why are you still doing this pretty sure you got enough money from all those click funnels people right?
 I was like yeah
 It's not about money at this point. It's because I understand the process and the fact that you guys are going down
 And so every single day I'm we're my best to troll blaze as well
 So I can show you guys like it's over here come over here come on
 He come he coming because I know that for me when I was trying to figure this stuff out
 There are people I plugged into people I the led me and so I'm trying to do my best in this role here to do that for you
 guys as well
 Thank you
 I know that as you're doing this stuff is you're becoming on for your building a company
 There's lonely a lot of things
 There's loneliness in leadership
 Okay
 It's interesting a lot of people when you're leading a movement you're leading your group of people right like you're there
 you're trying to share your message and
 You may have a team you have people which is amazing
 But when all said down is you out there putting your face online you doing the Facebook live is you writing the book?
 It's you doing the presentation is you and it's scary sometimes right and there's loneliness in leadership
 But there's also loneliness in faith the faith of like is this actually gonna work
 Okay, I know for a fact that half of you guys who in this room right now came on a faith and a hope and a prayer
 Right I was telling somebody earlier
 I said you know half of the room that's here people that have come this before and it's a big family union
 And they're excited to be with their friends and their family like start growing their business next level and the other half
 It's your first time
 Right and you're scared and you probably have a little like you have faith in this process a little bit
 You've hope it's gonna be amazing, but you're like oh my gosh, what if it doesn't work?
 What if what if I spent all this money and I flew all this way and I'm here taking a week off of work
 Like doesn't make any logical sense as soon as it doesn't so I understand there's loneliness
 Not only in leadership
 It's also always in the faith of like trying to do that thing and trying to step out there to do it right
 and
 Then the last thing I want share is I did a podcast a little while ago called entrepreneur scars how many guys listen to that I?
 Know that a lot of you guys who are here in this room have entrepreneurial scars you've tried to risk everything right?
 You tried to go out there and do the thing you tried to do a business try to launch something and it didn't work
 Okay, or you have something was working really good for a while and something happened and it crashed
 Okay, and I want you guys to understand like we've all been through that
 I
 Feel like one of the most amazing gifts that our founding fathers gave us when they founded this country
 America was the ability for entrepreneurs like us to be able to risk everything and if we've messed up and we fail
 It was okay. They give us bankruptcy laws
 They give us things like that to give us the ability to risk without the the fear of I could give if you mess up
 You're locked up in jail for the rest of your life
 Right, I think so many of us were risk everything we're trying to change the world
 We do this thing and then it fails and then we shrink back and we're like I just gotta I just gotta hide because I don't want people to know
 That I messed up
 Right and I know for a fact there are people in this room now who are in that spot right now
 You've had success in the past, but there's that that fear of like putting yourself out there again
 And so for all of you guys who are here. I just want you to understand like I see you
 I understand what you're going through and we are here for you to support you as a community
 Okay, so the the theme of this year's funnel hacking live is the theme of every funnel hacking live
 I want to make sure my I want to make sure I'm showing my slides up here as well
 You guys because I got a lot of slides that are great as much as I see my face
 I'll make sure you guys see what I prepared as well
 So the theme of this year's funnel hacking live and it's the same as every year people are like what's the theme this year?
 I'm like it's the same thing
 I'm not changing it. I love this thing. There's a couple
 I've got a great six presentation the Cavinu theme every year - come on now no
 The theme is one funnel way and I wanted for those who like I thought you're gonna change the theme is like no
 This is this is the same message
 Okay, everyone's here at a different spot than you were last year right and different spot than two years ago or three years ago
 And some of you guys this year one funnel way from like you're here
 You're putting at all on the line you can't be the gambles I'm gonna try it and you this is your your shot
 This is your one funnel way shot right and you're trying to figure it out for other you guys
 This is your second year third year having success things are growing things are amazing are happening and you're one funneling from next step
 In fact, I want to share a really quick story and click funnels
 We're gonna share the numbers and the stats and the growth here in a few minutes
 But as we started growing click funnels as we got bigger and bigger got harder to grow and we started getting to a sticking point
 in fact the last 12 months we continue to grow but a much slower rate got harder and harder and harder we got more and more people and
 All of us inside click phones are figuring out. How do we grow this thing?
 How do we get from from 50,000 to 500,000 people like how do we grow it and we just couldn't get past some sticking points and
 Literally six months ago. I'm sitting in an inner circle meeting and Natasha Hazelet who's gonna be speaking you guys tomorrow
 Here's Natasha at
 Natasha right here. She's pregnant with twins. She might get birth tomorrow on stage. I'm hoping it's gonna be amazing
 but
 But it's also gets on stage in her humble little self and she's like hey
 We tried a book funnel didn't really work
 So we tried this challenge funnel instead and it was really working good for us and we looked at I was like oh my gosh
 I've seen challenge funnels before but not the way she explained it and we back to the drive where we started freaking out
 So I'm doing some stuff and how many guys went through the one funnel a challenge so far
 So because Natasha gave me that idea that one funnel we launched it the last six weeks and click funnels
 We've had more growth per week in the last six weeks because one fun way challenge that we have in the last two years
 So for some of you, it's Natasha you need to hurt her she didn't tell you about her funnel and it's like that's the thing
 I need some you guys are gonna be somebody else. We have so many amazing speakers. They're all sharing different types of funnels
 What's working for their business? So I want you guys listening with ears not yet to create everything
 You shouldn't be creating everything but listening by what's the next thing for me?
 What's the one funnel for me in my stage right now and some of you guys is one funnel to launch your business
 Some of you has one funnel get the next level
 It's whatever it is for you
 I want you just listen with those ears because if you're listening with the right ears
 You're gonna get it and you're gonna hear it. Okay, I could easily been my inner circle meeting being like oh Natasha's paying me to be here
 I'm not paying attention, but I was listening and I was like oh my gosh
 That's amazing. So I want to make sure throughout this whole week you guys are listening with your ears to hear the things that are here
 created for you
 okay
 this is a
 Picture let me go back one slide
 Okay, so this right here a couple months ago. We did we did an interview with Andrew Warner who's the the
 the host of the mixer G podcast, which is my favorite podcast and
 I asked Andrew if you come and he interviewed me on the click funnel startup story
 Because I wanted to kind of tell the whole story obviously a lot of times you guys hear parts of the story
 But I want to tell the the whole story. He's my favorite interviewer. So we flew and it's funny Andrew's famous
 He does these things called scotch nights wherever he gets together. They drink scotch
 I didn't know what scotch was I thought he was talking about butterscotch like candy and I was like what and
 Turns out it's alcohol
 I don't know these things right and then I was like only to interview me
 He's like we could do a scotch and I was like but I'm more and I don't drink scotch and then I was like wait a minute
 There's this place in Utah. It's a bar, but it's called a dry bar
 And he's like what does that mean?
 I was like it means they it's a bar that you don't serve alcohol like we should do the event there and it turned out really cool
 So we brought him and me and we did this like butterscotch night
 It was amazing at the dry bar comedy club
 And he interviewed by the ClickFunnels startup story. How many guys have heard that interview?
 Okay, the first half it just went live on the podcast today and the next half goes live like two days
 So if you guys want to hear the whole interview, it's there
 But what's cool is before he did this he does tons of research
 He's like he's like show me the funnels you did before you launched ClickFunnels
 And I was like okay
 So I went back in the in the domain archives of every domain
 I've ever bought from the beginning of time till now and all the ones that we actually produced and there was like over
 150 funnels that we had created and launched in fact here's a couple of them
 I'm gonna show you guys some pictures of all this stuff. I tried before ClickFunnels
 In case any of you guys are wondering like
 When's my funnel gonna work? You might need to do one or two or three or four a whole bunch
 so
 This is just the ones that grace good screenshots. There were a lot of other ones
 Ken so for any guys like I tried my funnel didn't work this thing's a scam. It's like you should try another one. I
 Don't know I did a lot of them before I found ClickFunnels
 Let's see me as like I'm waiting for the perfect business when the perfect business shows up
 Then I'll build a funnel say come on wait for for this
 I would wait for ClickFunnels guess what would never have happened?
 I never have been ready to be able to run ClickFunnels. I would have ran into the ground like two days in
 I had to go through all of this to figure out how to lead you guys on this path
 Okay, and the same things for you. Thank you
 In fact it's funny the first time I tried to build ClickFunnels in 2005
 It was called click calm calm calm. How many guys came to the click calm calm event?
 Nobody my wife's there I got my one super fan. Thank you
 But what's amazing is Dylan Jones who was one of our original co-founders and click funnels
 I actually hired him to do design initially so if you look at this these are the initial designs at click calm calm calm
 We had sales processes that were called sales funnels back then
 But I tried this game a long time ago back in 2005 try to get this live
 I understood this was the vision I wanted to go but I couldn't figure it out
 And I tried and I failed and I tried and I failed and I tried and I failed went over and over and over again
 It just didn't work for a long long time. Okay until I
 Had a funnel and I was one funnel away from a success story
 But what's interesting is that this funnel was a complete failure
 And I'm telling you this story because how many has the launch to funnel and it's complete failure?
 The rest of you guys haven't tried yet like not even one come on now
 I want to share a story because we launched this funnel
 This was after I'd built a big company everything collapsed
 I told the story a couple funnels I can lives ago and those who've gone through the one fun way challenge
 Turned me tell the story, but we built a company of 100 people the whole thing collapsed had fire 80 people one day
 And I'm not thinking of that whole story
 But on the backside of that I was trying to figure out like what am I gonna do when I grow up?
 Which is a question
 I think all of us to ask ourselves at least once a week. I was like what I want to do when I grow up
 And I'm laying in bed stressed out trying to figure out how we're gonna make money
 Like I didn't have a vision or idea and I went to flip a dot-com and flip as a website
 You can buy websites so I'm on flip a dot-com. I'm just growing through on my I think on an iPad at a time
 Growing through trying to find like what's the vision for this thing and this website came up called champion sound
 Dot-com and I looked at it and it was an email text message autoresponder for bands. I
 was like, oh my gosh, what if I bought this and
 It would be an email text message autoresponder for bands
 But I could like rebrand it make an email text message autoresponder for war
 Dentist and to make one for chiropractors and then for entrepreneurs and for like all these different businesses
 I'm so excited by morning
 I sold myself on the idea and I went to go buy the site and I didn't have them
 It was $20,000 which we did not have at the time, but I was like, this is the vision
 This is where we're gonna go so I bought champion sound dot-com with money
 We didn't have calling the banks increasing credit limit. How many's ever done that before?
 I'm like, I need this. This is important. This is the future. So buy this by champion sound dot-com and after we get it
 I have I tell my programs like he put it on our servers and we can start selling this is gonna be amazing
 And my programmer looks at it and he's like I can't put it on your servers. I'm like well. Why not?
 He's like well, it's code in Ruby on rails. I think what does that mean?
 And he's like, you know how you speak English. I'm like, yeah, he's like, you know other people speak Chinese. I'm like, yeah
 He's like this is written in Chinese. I only speak English. I
 Was that mean? He's like I can't help you. I was like, oh crap
 So then I'm like, okay
 So I try to hire someone on Odesk
 I'm like, can you transfer this Ruby on rails thing to a thing and to a server?
 I don't know what that even meant and they were trying and five or six people tried and after about two weeks of trying nobody could figure it out
 I was like great
 I spent our last twenty thousand dollars we didn't have on this funnel on this company on this brand and we and I can't even do anything with it
 And I remember and that day the office was like well
 I just gonna walk away from it like it's just the lost cause and then
 After I'd pack to my computers walking out the door I stopped I had this thought
 I'm so so so grateful that I listened to that voice and
 It said turn back around and email your list because somebody on your list knows the Ruby on rails is
 I was emotional here
 So I come back in and this is like the the lowest peak of my business where everything just cloraps around me
 I don't even know what I'm doing or how we're gonna survive what we're gonna do and I email my little customer list at the time
 I said hey, I'm looking for a partner. I bought this thing is coding Ruby on rails if anybody you know Ruby on rails
 I'd love to be you know
 I need something help me on this this thing sent email out in a couple hours later. I get an email back from a guy and
 And I never met him before he sends me this email. He's like hand over to be on rails
 And I love to partner with you on this he's like send me the log and I'll see if I can fix it
 So I send him the login that I'd gotten from the guy I bought it from and I didn't know what I meant
 I'm like here you go and I went and then I went home
 Next morning I come back and and there's a message from he's like hey man. I fixed it. It's good
 I'm like what do you mean? He's like yes, it's done. I'm like it's it's done. Yeah, I fixed it
 I was in there. I found all these other bugs and stuff. I fixed those as well
 I got those working like and now it's now it's all it's all done
 I was like are you kidding me and?
 started my friendship with this person that friendship grew over next two or three years we worked together on projects and
 The day that we had the idea for click funnels we sat in a room for out a week white-boarding out the whole
 Vision of it and and on the way taking him back to the airport. He was flying back home where he was in Atlanta
 He said one thing before we got out of the car. He said hey really quick though if we're gonna do this whole click funnel thing
 I don't want to be like an employee. I want to be your your partner. I
 Never been so scared like ah, I don't know if I like I'm the entrepreneur. I control everything all the time. I was so scared and
 And in that moment I made the second greatest decision in my life outside of marrying my wife
 And I told him yes and that man is Todd Dickerson who's my co-founder and partner and click funnels
 Let's get taught a huge round of applause stand up come on out
 Oh man wow
 Wow that was amazing. Thank you for that insane intro
 I'm emotional. See you up now. I know
 This is Todd he has been the best partner the best friend best mentor
 That anybody can ever ask for and he was the one initially sat down and built click funnels after I tried for
 Decades to make it work and he did it like in a weekend. It was amazing a little bit longer than that most of that was true
 I'm
 Really quick. I'll show you something really quick. So this was actually
 That's right slide
 September 23rd 2014
 This was the day that changed my life and all of you guys life forever even though nobody knew it
 This was the day that click funnels officially went live. How many guys remember that day?
 Yeah, three of you
 Yeah, nobody really know so here's the backstory
 We were one funnel way to but we know which funnel was so this is the initial branding and the logos from click funnels
 So we picked that one you guys had all been wearing complete different slag today
 Had we picked a different logo
 This is us in front of the whiteboard and there's Todd and this is one of our other original co-founders
 Dylan Jones sitting for a whiteboard mapping out what click funnels was gonna become we launched the first time
 Nobody really bought it. Then we build another fun
 We launched it over to about it and the third the fourth the fifth
 I think it was the sixth time
 We got invited to speak an event and this is the picture from the event it was in a room about a hundred people
 And I did the very first time ever did the click funnels presentation
 we did the presentation and
 Like 35% of them ran to the back and bought and remember like we were all excited and that night went to dinner
 And we're sitting around and I was like just you guys know like that's not that's not normal like what just happened is
 Like this is it's game on like this is gonna change everything went from that point forward and started growing like crazy
 So I'm gonna have to go some some of the the stats of what's been happening ever since that day when we launched click fun
 Yeah, absolutely
 So after that presentation Russell's like it's game over we're gonna be at 10,000 customers next week
 Which didn't quite happen, but by the end of year one. We actually did hit 10,000
 Yes, it's crazy crazy followed by
 your two 20,000 doubling over
 Then year three crazy growth with the books and the amazing training the Russell was putting out 50,000 customers year four last year
 Funnel Hacking Live we were 60,000 this year as of today. We are at
 76,700
 How crazy is that so it's as amazing and
 Devon alluded to this earlier we processed over 2.5 billion dollars in cells through stripe alone
 All of you guys you guys have done 2.5 billion dollars in cells so crazy, which is actually
 1.5 billion more than last year so we in a year you guys did 1.5 billion dollars
 So just to give you a comparison here last year GDP raking
 We showed you guys this last year if you took all the GDP of all the countries in the world click phones right now is number 15
 Highs GBDP in the world
 Which you know that means check out next slide if there's a country
 And our people call funnel hackers
 We would have hired you to be in 15 other countries and I'm kind of thinking about you guys like this venue
 Like I feel like we're in funnel hacker like our own little city here
 What if we all just moved here and lived here and took over our 15 other countries?
 Funnel hacker island I like it. Let's do it. Check this out. So we also the two comma club winners
 We're up to 505 total winners, which I got an update right before I came out here. It's actually 506 now, so
 Somebody
 And that's actually
 241 new ones in the past 12 months alone since when I came to my last year so insane
 Then we have the two comma club X award which is the eight figure award there've been 38 total winners for that now and
 22 of those in the past 12 months alone amazing
 And in order to keep serving you guys we've had to grow our team like crazy
 We're up to
 251 amazing people serving you guys right now
 252 again as of yesterday. We had a new hire so there you go. Maybe you guys need jobs. We're looking for people
 Yes, we're looking for a big army to serve day
 That's a hundred and thirty two customer support people
 43 people working on product development with me every day and
 26 people in marketing working with Russell every single day to provide amazing stuff for you guys amazing
 Our
 Mission at ClickFunnels is to help free all entrepreneurs so that you guys can focus on changing lives your customers
 And that's our goal and our mission for this entire week. We're so excited. We got somebody amazing speakers
 We're coming here to serve you guys. We don't pay our speakers they come
 Because they love you because they've been in the same spot
 You are half our speakers were in the chairs last year sitting here and this year that our period of serving give back to you
 I'm so grateful for all of them now one last thing before
 We move into the presentation. I
 Feel like if we're gonna move from
 76,000 customers to
 760,000 and beyond and build this community even bigger
 I think one of the big things we need to do is it start changing some of our language patterns
 We've just stopped being marketing nerdy geeks. How many guys are willing to help me with this?
 I'm gonna talk more about this later
 But I think one of the big things that we've been struggling with trying to get our mess out to more people's
 We're using things like trip wire funnels and high ticket application funnel and like all these geeky nerdy things
 And so we're gonna try to simplify the language. I'm gonna talk a lot more rest out the next year
 It's just try to get things more simple
 So I got some pictures here of just some stuff like instead of calling things like squeeze page funnels
 Which is like when I tell my buddies the chiropractor my you need a squeeze page funnel is like what does that mean?
 I was like well, it's like a funnel that generates leads. He's like why don't you call the lead funnel?
 I'm like oh that makes more sense
 And then I was like you next you need to trip wire funnel. He's like that sounds really dangerous
 It's like yeah, but it's like explains like it sounds like I like a shopping cart
 I'm like oh yeah like it is we call cart funnels and it kind of went through and you'll see like instead of webinar like
 What's a webinar? It's a presentation funnel. What's an application? It's a phone funnel
 So we're gonna try to start making our language more simple so that we can get more people into our community and start understanding
 What we're doing so I'm gonna go through more that later, but just want to simplify the names
 All right, with that said I want you guys all give Todd a huge round of applause for his huge contribution this community. Thank you guys so much
 Okay, now we can get started now that all the tears are out whoo okay, so what I want to do right now
 I want to kind of move into
 My first like training the portion of this and I wanted to lead this out. How many guys even gone through the one funnel way challenge?
 Yeah
 Okay, those who've gone through it if you know I stress a lot about one simple thing which was hook story offer
 I talked a lot about that and I want to talk about next hour or so because
 Throughout this week you're gonna be learning about a lot of different types of funnels right about challenge funnels and summit funnels and and like all these different things
 And some of you guys may get confused
 I want you to understand like the core fundamental like foundation of what you have to become good at as an entrepreneur is
 Understanding this one concept which is mastering hook story offer and so I'm gonna spend some time going on that hook story offer
 I'm I gave everybody handout that came with your should be on your CCs take notes on stuff like that
 But one of the things I it says in there I think on the very front page is that something's not working in your funnel
 It's always
 Either your hook your story or your offer every time and it's like my photos not working
 Ross what should I do a look at I'm like oh your hook is horrible
 That's why nobody's clicking on your ad or your hooks good people showed up your stories boring
 That's what I was buying or it's like you hooked in your whole good story
 But man that offer was horrible
 No one would ever give you money for that and I've learned like as I've broken down consulting to like three things like
 It's always one of these three things
 Okay, so I'm gonna spend the next hour so going over this give you guys ideas and like opening up your mind
 To becoming better at that if you become better at that this framework fits into any funnel
 Okay, if I'm selling a book I got to be good at hook story offer if I'm selling something through the phone hook story offer
 I'm selling something through webinars hooks like this is the framework that we all have to come masters at
 So I want to lead with that today and then as everyone else starts training on different funnels and strategies
 You just remember like if my funnels not working
 It's because of one of these three things every single time
 Okay, if you were to hire me for my insanely high consulting race like Russell my funnels not working. What should I do? I just think
 Thanks for the check. It's either your hook or your story or offer. So next time you're like man
 I wish the Russell's look my funnel just say I'm like huh, what would Russell say he would say see that your hook your story or your offer
 Okay, it's always one of those three things every single time. Okay, so the hook story offer
 That's it goes hooks story offer, but I'm gonna start with the offer first and then move backwards
 Just because that's kind of the framework how it works. Okay, so the offer
 Excuse me a lot of you guys have gone through like my training with perfect webinar
 So if you see this thing called a stack slide, how many of you guys are familiar with a stack slide?
 Good okay the stack slide is how we create an offer okay, and even if you're not doing a webinar you still create a stack slide
 There is no circumstance
 But I ever sell that I don't use a stack slide if I was emailing somebody and they were like hey
 What does it cost to hire you as a consultant or hire you to do whatever?
 I would literally send an email and I'd have a stack slide
 I just have like bull point one value to value like I would use this in everything
 Okay
 So and I'm gonna show you guys some examples today doesn't matter if you're selling coaching or
 Supplements or physical products or services like you should always have this
 Okay, now to begin with I want to talk about one of the founding fathers of our industry
 Why do you guys may not even know him or heard of him his name is Claude Hopkins?
 How many of you guys have heard of mr. Claude Hopkins?
 All right all my old geez all the originals. Okay, this is your marketing history lesson
 So Claude Hopkins was the father of modern advertising and what's interesting is way back then in the early 1900s
 What they called what he was called like what his job was he was what they call the ski man
 Okay, he was a ski man what the ski man did is they came into a company and their whole job was to come up with the offer
 That was it the most more part which is the offer
 Okay now to show you the value even in like the late 1800s early 1900s the value of becoming a ski man
 The person who actually creates the offer Claude Hopkins back then
 Was paid 52 thousand dollars a year 1907
 Okay, now the equivalent of that that's 1.39 million dollars a day dollars
 They paid this dude over a million bucks a year to come in and be like this is where your offer is
 Okay, and most of you guys never even think about this you just kind of go off and like do whatever and I'm not gonna
 I'm excited. Stephen Larson is gonna be talking in two presentations
 He's gonna go deep into like how much really cool offer stuff for you guys
 But we understand like this is the value of like the most important part of offer you have to understand that this is so valuable
 But back then they pay people that much money to come create offers for them
 Okay, so it's worth your time to start figuring these things out. Okay now want to kind of talk about when offer isn't for a minute
 Because most people in business I think about like what's the product?
 I'm gonna create okay and the biggest problem when you create a product is that when you have a product
 It is a commodity and anybody else can can create it right and if you have a product in this commodity
 Oh when you're trying to figure out how to sell it the only thing you have like as leverage is price
 Right, okay
 That's why when you go to Amazon like someone's selling the thing of this price
 It's like oh well if I'm gonna beat him I gotta sell it for less and I got so for less and less and less and less
 And like it's a race to the bottom which is the worst type of business to be in by the way
 Okay, okay
 Danny Kennedy told me when I first got started man 14 15 years ago in this business. He said that um
 There's no strategic advantage of being the second front lowest price leader in town
 So you can't be Walmart like there's no sense of being the lowest price leader in town
 But there's a huge strategic advantage being the most expensive person in town, right?
 So if you're creating something like you can create a product and become a commodity and you're racing to the bottom or you
 Understand how to create an offer which de-commoditizes you I'll show you here in a minute and it makes it so you can charge whatever you want
 Okay, so that's kind of the key you have to understand
 So a product is like a one singular thing and offers we take a product and you bundle with a bunch of other things to increase the value
 And to make it unique and separate and different right if I were to sell this as a digital marketing event
 There's like 800 digital marketing events you could have gone to right?
 Why did you guys fly here in the middle of the rain?
 Because it's different right it wasn't just a product like a marketing event
 It's a whole bunch of other stuff when you bought click fun
 What she is in bike is like oh here's software that builds websites. There's tons of software to build websites, right?
 We created irresistible offers and button together to make you go crazy to come and buy and to come here and do things, right?
 I spent a ton of time focusing on how to create an offer now one thing you have to understand
 There are basically there's two ways to make your product the cheapest in town
 The best way to illustrate this the first way is obvious right if you want to be the cheapest product in town
 You have to decrease the price which again funnel hackers don't do that okay?
 We don't we should make a teacher that says that funnel hackers do not decrease prices
 Okay, if you decrease the price you become cheaper than somebody else the other thing is if you increase the value what you're offering
 Then you become cheaper right
 Okay, because if I sell you something it's worth a million dollars not only sell for a thousand
 That's cheaper than the person who sells you something for a thousand bucks is worth a thousand bucks does that make sense?
 Okay, so I can decrease the price or I can increase the value to increase the value of the thing
 And if you look at this it's interesting. I just conversated my kid conversation with my kids the other day like
 How much money you make is 100% tied to how much value you give?
 It's a hundred percent correlation
 It's my kids were asking me my kids are cute because they're the age of trying to start figuring things out and
 And one of my sons Bowen was like dad. It doesn't make any sense
 This guy over here is one of our friends. He's like he's a doctor and he's way better than you
 But you make way more money than him how come?
 And I said well you get paid based on how much value you offer he's like but dad like he like operates on people
 That's way more valuable than what you do and I smile
 I said it's definitely more difficult like that's I can't imagine that I said you don't understand
 He's only able to operate on one human being at a time
 So he's offering insane amounts of value for one person
 So because of that he gets paid really really well, but it's it's finite
 I said big as it can be I was like I'm able to offer value to
 4500 people or 76,000 people or a million people that create something of value and I can create sell so many more times
 And so I said that's the reason I'm able to make more money than doctors because of how that works
 And I kept explaining this to him
 And so I told him I was like look if you want to get a job you get paid based on how much value you have right
 Okay
 So like if you get a job McDonald's and and they're paying you know, whatever what's minimum wage nowadays eight bucks an hour
 I'm like that's how much value you're getting
 I was like but if you go you can create something you can do something bigger is the value is so much higher
 You can get paid more money for that. Okay, let's try to explain this to it to a kid
 Which is really which is really fun. So the whole name of this game is you're creating fun
 You're figuring out your hook your story offer you're trying to increase the value. Okay, so the offer increases the value of whatever it is
 You're trying to sell
 Okay, so I'm gonna show you some practical life examples. The first one here is dating
 Okay, now when I met my beautiful wife Collette the very first time there were tons of men who wanted to date her and
 I was just a product. I'm like hey
 I'm like wearing baggy pants and like I have a shaved head and glasses and like I was like that was the product
 That's the best I had right
 They were much better looking like dudes who dress nice all sorts of stuff
 And I was like if I like looking at me and like a lineup
 It's like man
 There's much better offers out there much better products right because I was a commodity that time
 So it's like okay if I'm gonna convince my wife to marry me who's way more beautiful than me
 What do I got to do?
 It's like hey, I have to like I have to create an offer I have to make this better right?
 And this is true for any of the single men who are trying to figure out how things work
 Like you got a bundle right so if I'm like hey do you want to go on a date with me?
 She's like I got asked by four of the people speak I'm like hey
 This is a deal a planted date. It's gonna be amazing
 What we're gonna do is we're gonna go to dinner and what's your fair place?
 Oh, yeah, we're gonna go there and then what we like to do and we like plan an actual date and make an amazing offer
 Then she's like she's not judging me versus somebody else product versus product. She's like oh man that experience seems amazing
 Right and the offers better. Okay, and so
 When you're dating it's the same thing right when your business partners and Todd came to me as a business partner
 He had so much value wasn't just like oh, I'm a programmer
 I'm like I'm a programmer you can turn your dreams and your dreams into a vision like into reality, right?
 I can do this I can do this I get like and also becomes this amazing offer. It's like oh my gosh
 I can't say no the value gets so big right?
 Okay, so works in dating it also works for movies. How many guys are pumped to see this movie next week?
 How many guys have no idea what movie this is?
 Okay, so if I came up to you and I was like hey captain Marvel's coming out next week who wants to go with me?
 This room is it's five I walked into normal night. Who wants to go to captain Marvel be they like ah?
 If I this is the deal get
 Captain Marvel's coming out. I'm so excited to come see this movie
 So I'm so excited what I did is actually it's comes out. It comes out on my birthday March 8th is my birthday
 That's the day comes live
 But the night before they're doing a private screening and Boise and I started commercial for the day
 And on the commercial said hey the movies coming out make sure to book your tickets now
 And I was like oh so I went to the little app the Fandango app and I looked at the theater
 There's only one theater playing it at 739 night before and the half of the theater is taken and I was like oh my gosh
 Half of the theater is taken so I bought the other half okay
 This is a true story
 Clutch like why do you keep buying all these tickets? I'm like I don't know I'm sure someone's gonna want to hang out with me
 So if I was like this is the deal you can come to Boise with me and we're all gonna go together
 We got half the theater just for funnel hackers gonna be amazing
 You know what from the movie like a $20 movie to like this experience right and then ahead of time
 We're gonna do we're my favorite sushi restaurant
 There's a role called the rattlesnake role and it's like this little poda like strip joint in Boise
 That seems kind of weird, but they later I have the best sushi on planet earth
 I always bring people and they're like oh yes boy is a sushi and boys is gonna be great
 And then they have and they're like oh my gosh. This is the greatest sushi I've ever had
 I'm like I know how many guys have been there with me?
 It could be a it's insane so what we're gonna do is we're gonna go sushi first
 I'm gonna introduce you guys to the rattlesnake role best role and planet earth then we're gonna go we have a
 Separate separate funnel hackers section. We're gonna watch captain Marvel together third thing is I'm gonna buy costumes for each of us
 and all of us get to pick somebody it's gonna be amazing um and
 It's gonna be awesome and then fourth off after it's done
 We'll come back to my house and then we'll like we'll just goof off
 We'll play in the wrestling will play on the tramps and stuff. It'll be amazing. Okay. How many of you want to come down movie now?
 You see how I increase the value I go from my gosh to 20 on the movie to like oh my gosh
 I'm gonna book a plane and we're gonna fly there tonight, right?
 Just by increasing the offer
 Okay, so if someone's not buying your thing is because your offer's not good. How do you increase the offer?
 How do you make it better?
 Okay, always think how to make it better how to make it better?
 Okay, we have a product we sell right now. It's two pieces of paper
 We sell for a thousand bucks. How many guys look at me a thousand bucks for two pieces of paper?
 My die hards. Thank you
 All right, well, we did we literally do so I have two pieces of sales scripts or high-ticket sales scripts two pieces
 of paper we sell for a thousand bucks and
 You look at you like I would never pay a thousand bucks to be space paper Russell and most people went by my these two pieces of paper
 Guess what they are. This is our high-ticket sales script. Okay today
 We've done just short of thirty million dollars in sales with these two pieces of paper
 You someone pick up the phone you read this one and then you read the other side and then they give you money
 It's amazing. It just works every single time and I didn't make it up on people when using for years
 There's been billions of dollars to sell track back to these two pages and the person
 I know in the world who's the best. This is a guy named Robbie in fact Robbie's here in the room. Where's Robbie at?
 He's here somewhere. He's probably out dude
 So Robbie is one who showed me the script initially and he trained me and they trained ourselves guys and build a whole team
 And he'd add everyone up. Okay, so for the thousand bucks
 I'll give you two pages, but then I'll also give you Robbie in a box
 So how do you guys like Robbie make videos to trade in your entire cell scene just for you?
 It's amazing, right? So you hire cells people you give them these two pages you say watch the videos of Robbie teaching you
 They watch those like three hours. They come out ruthless cells people can sell anybody anything, right?
 And then you're like, but that's cool
 But I don't have any ads. I'm like, okay, how about this?
 I will give you the ads we run and I'll give you the funnels I run I'll just give those to you as well, right?
 And then how about I can hook up a call where you can jump on the call with Robbie for 30 minutes
 He'll train yourself people one-on-one to make sure it customizes the script specifically for you
 Now, how many guys pay a thousand bucks for that offer?
 Okay, you see how it works like it went from two pieces of paper to I bundle it all since like oh my gosh
 I have to have that
 Okay, if people aren't buying again
 It's the always hook story offer if it's your offers because you don't have you got to figure out how to make it better
 How to increase it? Okay one fun way challenge the same thing
 This is a challenge where you get to jump on a coaching call every day for 30 days
 See the energy like oh
 Now let me tell you all the stuff you get the first thing you get is you get the big old box in the mail inside the box is a book
 Called 30 days calm where 30 people of our two comic club winners each wrote a chapter about how they got in the two comic
 Club and then there's videos them showing behind the scenes of each of their funnels and then on top of that
 You're gonna get 30 days of video for me
 Then you get 30 days of video from from Julie Stoyne and then on top of that
 Stephen Larson come on every single day and yell at you and make sure you actually get the stuff done by the time
 They're done your funnels gonna be finished. We go on and on on all of a sudden like this is like the most irresistible offer of all time
 Okay, the first challenge with seventy five hundred people sign up for it
 Michael's get ten thousand people a month signing up for this challenge
 We keep making the offer better and better and better
 Okay, if you want to sell more stuff figure out your offer and make it sexier increase it make it better
 Want more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called dot com secrets
 And you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
