 Hey everyone it's Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast and you're about to listen to part four of four of my
 Keynote presentation from funnel hacking live the exciting conclusion of this presentation
 We've talked about offers we talked about stories and now we're gonna dive into the hooks and hooks aren't something that takes much time to explain
 But it's probably one of the hardest parts for people to do
 And so make sure to pay a lot of attention to this part of it and start thinking through what are the hooks you can be throwing out
 Hopefully you notice all the hooks I throw out on throughout hooks every single day between my podcast and the blog post
 And the Facebook live and Instagrams and just on and on and on and so
 Hooks are the key because that's what gets somebody's attention and let's some folks on your stories
 Then you can make them your special offers
 So hope you enjoy the exciting conclusion of my Keynote presentation funnel hacking live
 That's them cute theme song and then we'll jump right into part four of my presentation
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Okay, I'm going to last step to talk to offer we talked about stories last piece and this is the hook, okay, so what is the hook?
 To understand this really well
 I want you guys to imagine what happened right before you probably came into this room
 You were in the bathroom and you were sitting kind of like this and
 Most you had your phones and you're going like this
 So what a hook is it's the thing that makes you stop like whoa, that's the hook
 This is how I judge my hooks. I imagine all you guys
 Swiping what's gonna be like whoa hold on all right? I got a finish so I can find out what thing is okay
 This is literally what's happening case. You're wondering like oh no my customers don't do that they do
 I was in the airport two days ago. I walk into the airport and for the women
 I'm so sorry that you have to find out about how gross and disgusting men are but there's a dude
 Swiping while he's
 And I was like seriously like putting your pocket for 30 seconds. It doesn't take that long
 It was just a minute like that's what they're doing okay, and so you had imagine this is what's happening in today's world
 Okay, so they're sitting there desktop like studying you and reading things
 Excuse me and researching what's happening is this and so they're flipping through their phone and they're saying they're friends and they're
 pictures and their profiles and their cat videos and thing after thing after thing after thing and your ad has a shot in there for like
 One second probably less in the middle of this scroll okay
 And if you don't stop them right there, and they don't say hold on put the phone down
 I'm gonna come back and check this out you now you failed okay the hook is the key
 Without a good hook nobody will ever hear your story without a good story no one care about your offer
 Okay, now the hook in of itself does not provide it does not increase the value
 Okay, the hook does not increase the value. What is your selling with the hook does those it grabs your attention long enough
 That they listen to your story the story increases the value and then the offer increases the value
 The hook grabs them just long enough you can tell them the story
 Okay, so every story you have has multiple hooks
 Okay, so why so important for you as to be publishing and putting things out there all the time because I have no idea
 What hooks are gonna land which ones are people gonna resonate with which and which ones don't okay?
 I was at a retreat like a mastermind group with Brendan Bouchard and Dean Gracio
 Seeing a bunch of really cool people both of who are gonna be here this weekend speaking with you guys
 It's gonna be amazing and we're sitting on the campfire and Dean told a story that was so good
 He said he said essentially he said if you look at a if you look at a comedian
 You see them on like tonight show and they pick up the microphone
 They do their thing and they do the thing and they land it and everyone's like oh my gosh
 This is the funniest person on earth is you don't understand it's like the community
 Just get up there and like do his thing what happened is like two years prior
 He got a job he went to a dive bar over here. He wrote ten jokes got in front of like 30 people
 Oh, he tried this thing and he tried it
 He told joke one two three four five like one of the ten jokes landed
 He's like okay that joke was good the rest were horrible goes back to his apartment writes nine new jokes
 Got some ten jokes goes next to I bar gets in front of it boom. He does it nails the first jokes
 He knows it's amazing nails the other nine like to the night another nine work right?
 I've got three good jokes. He goes back rewrite say the seven comes back to next night
 Boom, he keeps doing it keeps doing it keeps doing till he knows he's got ten of the most amazing jokes in the world
 Then he gets on the big stage and performs in every single joke lands
 Okay, it's the same thing what we're doing right now. I have no idea what hooks are gonna work right?
 So what do I do when I hear a story in the morning?
 I jump on my phone I get my phone hours. I'm driving to the office and half you guys are like Russell
 Don't drive while you're podcasting. It's like a block and there's no anything anywhere
 I wish I could show people that I get anyway whatever so
 I'm doing my thing talking and I tell the story right that's my first time then I come in I see Dave and Dave's like
 Oh, I'm like I tell your story. I tell David story right?
 I tell a little differently this time and I'm like okay that works like it made sense
 You got excited I go out to the like the bullpen and all the marketing teams
 And I tell them the story right and then I don't want to face look
 I'm I tell the story that I tell it four or five times so I know how to tell the story
 I see what lands I see what hooks got people interested or if I tell a story Dave's like oh, that's really cool. I'm like crap
 Dave's not flipping out is not a good story, right?
 And that's how we know so it's testing these things testing it testing it
 Okay
 So when you have a story
 It's like you're putting out different hooks like which of the hooks that people are grabbing onto one of the ones
 They're interesting one ones people actually pay attention to like cool now. We'll build things bigger on those
 Okay, but you got to be practicing stuff all the time
 Okay, because if you're like I gotta get this business has to work
 It's got to be perfect. It's gonna be like I don't want to screw this up
 So I'm gonna wait till I tell my show I'm gonna wait I'm away
 It's the equivalent of walking up on tonight showing me like I've never tested this material
 Let's go you would never do that right? Yeah, we do in our businesses all the time
 You can't do that you got to be telling the stories telling the stories
 Okay, every single one of you guys in here should be Facebook live in your experience today
 Like seriously if you're not like why did you waste that experience?
 There's some story the impact that will impact you eat today if not me by somebody else that affects your life and your
 Customers directly and you better be talking about that tonight when you get home you're podcasting video Facebook
 I something to start practicing it begins tonight doesn't begin money on a cuz money on it never comes
 Okay, all right, so how do you find the hooks?
 You want a model so next time you guys are doing this and you shouldn't do this like it's really disgusting, but
 Maybe you're just doing this as you're scrolling through look at the stuff that stops you
 Okay, look this stuff stop you like why that why that hook work. What was it?
 Okay, the 30 days book was not my idea someone else had a 30-day thing in another industry
 I was like that's a good idea. He hooked it over there. I'm gonna hook it over here
 It made me stop. Okay now if you find an ad instead just looking at it
 That's a really good ad then you go to the ad and Facebook is on the coolest thing in the world now
 There's a little tab here says ads and info you click on it
 And it literally shows you every single hook that that person is running right now
 So if you click on that right now, you would see here's a couple of the hooks that Russell and John and the team are currently running
 Russell us a lot of ads. Yeah, we're throwing out insane amounts hooks every single day
 Okay, and you can do this with any advertiser you see their ad on Facebook you click on their thing
 And it'll show you here's every ad that they are actively running right now
 And you can see all the hooks so every time someone hooks you stop
 Pay attention go look at the look at all the ads and start studying and start looking start geeking out
 Okay, it's a lot of ads. How many do we have on here?
 All right now this is I was doing this last night as like one in the morning
 I saw it kind of slides I was like how do I really sink this in and I start thinking about the two couple of winners
 The two couple of ex winners
 I was like I'm gonna show us examples of some of these right because you hear these people all the time right
 You see their pictures to hear the stories like this is amazing
 I want to comic Club, but how many guys have actually looked at the hooks that they're throwing out
 Okay, if they're in the two comic Club to comic Club X means they were insanely good at hooks story offer
 Otherwise, they would not be here right so we should be looking at so I started looking up
 I'm just gonna pull a couple random people
 The first one I pull here is Drew is drew the room right now. I think he is
 All right, so this is
 This is amazing. So Drew is coming all fit to fat fit. Have you guys seen his ass before?
 So Drew is a personal trainer who was ripped and amazing and I might be telling the story long it's awkward these in the room
 So hopefully I tell right but he was he was like ripped and amazing and his clients were like well
 You've never been fat so you don't know what it's alike
 And he's like oh yeah, this what I'm gonna do I'm gonna get fat super fat
 So he gained a whole bunch of weight to prove to everyone who have to be fit to get a really really fat and then losing all the way
 Again, okay, probably not healthy like in retrospect. I'm guessing but that is an amazing look
 So you see here's every thousand weight loss offers out there like hey, I'm sexy. I'm rippity see Drew
 Sitting here with Jay Leno. He's like I want me to fit to fat to fit and shows it before now. It's like that hook is amazing
 Okay
 Boom to comic Club X winners. Okay. This is Natalie. I mean it's been Renee Lee Hudson from last year those
 There's Natalie right here
 Okay to comic a winner. She's getting close to comic Club X same thing, right? No, it's interesting so Natalie's business
 Prior to this was a good business, right? She had good hooks good story. Good offer. It was like it was doing well
 But never like amazing, right?
 But then she came back and she's like, yeah, what's the hook? What's the strike?
 What is it and she shifted from her other business that was doing okay to this and you guys remember Natalie's story
 She talked about vulnerability last year. She talked about she was doing this live video and she petered pants during it
 Which is like most humiliating thing ever right and then she turned that into a product teaching women how to control that and went from
 Zero to two comic Club winner in four months
 Because the hook right find a better hook again if your funnels not working
 It's always either hook a story or an offer okay that hooks amazing or stories insane in the offer was amazing
 million dollars in four months
 Okay Garrett White there in the middle. Here's the landing page. I found of his one of my favorite landing pages
 How's this for a hook attention married businessmen?
 Learn how to unlock
 Learn how to unlock nearly unlimited sex power money without having to cheat on your wife get it divorced ignore your children
 Leave your church to date with drugs or part like a rock star Las Vegas
 What?
 How do you not click on that as a man? I can have everything I want life with it all the bad stuff. This is amazing, right?
 He's a master at hooks
 You look at anybody in this clubs right anyone who's on stage people who do who you want to do you guys
 They're amazing at hook story offer if you want to be on stage you have to become better at hook story and offer
 Okay, so as you're telling your story you start building him into it
 What are the hooks I can test out test out this test out this and my question is how many hooks you guys actually throwing out?
 You'd be throwing out a lot okay hook story offer
 And then one last thing I want to show you guys if you look at this hook story offer
 This is happening in every single step in your funnel. Okay your ads. There's a hook a story and an offer in your ad
 Someone's story. There's a hook you tell you a quick story. You make an offer click here
 There's the offer then they come to your landing page. There's a hook. There's the story
 There's an offer then they come to buy your product hook story offer upset hooks
 We offer like this framework is essential for you guys to master is so simple
 If I want to start saying it's so simple, but it's the most important thing you do it over and over and over and over again
 If something is not working inside your funnel
 It's always either your hook your story or your offer. Okay, okay. What funnel is we're gonna learn about a ton of fun
 Types this weekend. Okay, you learn about challenge funnels and summit funnels and book funnel all a ton of funnels
 Doesn't matter which one is this framework fits into every one of these funnels
 Okay, and the last one to mention is the the hook story offer
 This is the key hook story offers the thing that grabs somebody brings them into your world
 And after you have them the next phase then is how do we increase the value?
 How do we help these people along the line? Okay in the books you guys got yesterday actually printed out a copy of our value
 About she is see this is our value ladder and the person speaking after me is Stacy Martino. I'm so excited have her
 She's gonna be yeah, you guys are love Stacy
 But she is a master taking people up to valuables
 How do you take people after you've hooked them you got them in into your world?
 How do you love them and give them a value they want to continue to progress to you throughout everything else you're doing?
 Okay, all right, so I am out time. I want to show one quick video and then I'm gonna be done for this morning
 And then Stacy's gonna be coming out. I'm so excited for you guys to meet her
 This is the video we made last year at funnel hockey lab and we showed in the very beginning
 I want to show really quick. So about a minute long. It's gonna kind of re-sum up
 My feeling of you guys as our funnel hackers and why we're so passionate about this weekend
 After the video is done if you guys can go crazy do a huge round of applause and we're gonna be devolving back out
 When the video is over you guys ready for this?
 Here we go
 Here's to the crazy ones
 the misfits
 the rebels the troublemakers
 the round pegs in the square holes
 The ones who see things differently
 They're not fond of rules and they have no respect for the status quo
 You can quote them disagree with them glorify or vilify them
 About the only thing you can't do is ignore them
 Because they change things
 They push the human race forward
 And well some might see them as the crazy ones
 We see genius
 Because the people who are crazy never think that they can change the world
 Are the ones who do
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
