 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson welcome back to
 The third part of my keynote presentation for liking live on this part of the episode is one
 I'm probably my favorite
 I started diving deeper into story and why stories are so essential and how they work and whole bunch of other things
 I'm gonna walk you through the epiphany bridge breaking false belief patterns and and then what stories do you actually tell?
 Because if you're selling a simple product you just need to tell an origin story
 But if you're something more complex there are four stories you have to tell in a presentation knock down somebody's fault beliefs and they're big domino
 And it should be a lot of fun
 And during this presentation you'll actually have a chance to hear me
 Unfortunately, you can't see me just imagine a nerdy kid with a shaved head glasses and a tie-on with the shirt like all poofy
 You're gonna hear me do my very first story my first offer
 And it's pretty bad, but we'll have a lot of fun together. The lot the crowd laughed at it fact
 Well, you'll you'll see
 Basically one of my trial closes became the trial closed joke of the entire week almost every presenter afterwards used it in their presentation
 I'll give you a hint. It goes something like this who wants a piece of that
 So I hope you guys enjoyed this section on story. I will keep the theme song we come back
 We'll dive in that part of the presentation
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Now we move backwards to the story
 Okay, so the question then is like why are stories so essential to this?
 Okay, stories also increase the value
 Okay now a couple things I understand number one for someone to change their destiny they have to make a decision
 Okay, this is true first off for all of you and second off is true for all the people you're serving okay for someone to change
 Their destiny to have to make a decision number two for them to make a decision you have to change their state
 Okay, and then the best way to change their state is through story
 So if I take that backwards I
 Got to figure out how to tell stories so I can change people's states
 If I can change their state then I can help make a decision that's gonna empower them
 And if I can make help and make a decision that's gonna empower them I can change their life. I can change their destiny
 That's why stories are so important
 Okay, and offer without a state change is completely useless if I was like hey who wants to go the movie
 Captain Marvel this week
 Like three of you like yeah, remember then I tell the story and you're like oh my gosh
 I will mortgage my house to fly there for that experience right the story is what makes it valuable
 Okay, so the big secret is storytelling. We've talked a lot about this in our community
 This is not unique, but I want to kind of go through this because
 The stories mean we even to every single thing we're doing okay, you have to come better and better and better at better story
 Okay for all of you guys who are expert secrets you know the next part of this
 But I want to share it for those who may not or are new okay. This is a concept. We call the epiphany bridge story
 so the epiphany bridge is
 Is is the thing away thinking about as you're trying to figure out how to tell your stories, okay?
 So the Piphany bridge this this is you back before you were whoever you are now, right?
 This is back when you were you're in your normal life before you like figured out whatever is your
 So passionate about today, right?
 So for me before I learned about this whole funnel thing
 I was just on my house hanging out doing nothing like that was me and then something happened right?
 We're all saying you have this aha when we're like oh my gosh
 This is the thing this thing I was meant to do this is this is like what I supposed to be doing
 Right and then what happens is you get so excited by that thing you have that moment
 Okay, so for me it's happened tons of times in my life, right?
 I think about when I was wrestling like I you guys my parents who are here in the front row
 I used to come home from school every day
 I would eat like rice Krispies and cheers and watch TV right and then an eighth grade my dad made me sign for wrestling
 I don't want to be a wrestler
 I just like too much work. I just want to watch TV and he made me go maybe go on had a good time wrestling
 It was okay in the next year. I remember on my very first
 It was ninth grade I had a chance to to I meant to the JV team and I remember I went to Wayne's
 I was so scared so nervous I go to weigh in and the guy that I'm wrestling has a mustache I
 Still to this day cannot grow a mustache. I don't know why
 Anyway, I can't I remember looking at this kid. I'm like he's got a mustache
 He is gonna destroy me and I got so scared and went to the match and we're getting in the stadium and it's the JV match
 So the only two people the audience were my mom and my dad. I'm like god. I get out there
 I shake his hand. I'm like how does your facial hair and eighth grade like oh my gosh
 And so we start wrestling and somehow I don't know what happens
 But the end the match I win and I stand up and my hand gets raised and I look over the guy the mustache's heads down
 I look at my mom and my dad and my dad's like freaking out and I was like
 This day is the day I became a wrestler. That was my homo right and then I only think I thought about for next decade and half
 My life was wrestling right same thing happened in business
 I remember like I was trying things trying things also like I remember when it hit me
 I was like this is my thing like this is what I'm gonna do for the next decade in my life
 Okay, and I guess most of you guys have had that moment. That's why you're probably here trying to figure out the rest of the story
 Right so that happens then we go on this amazing journey. We're like this is amazing and we start studying everything
 We start learning start geeking out and the worst thing in the world happens to us
 We start understanding why this thing is amazing
 Right and then we have a chance to try to sell somebody on this thing that we love that we care so much about
 We're so excited and the first thing we do is we take all this techno babble all this technical stuff
 We learn and we spew it out upon them
 And then I go and they get buried this thing and they freak out in the runaway
 We logically try to sell them because we're so logically invested in this thing right now
 But the reality is that people don't biologically you didn't biologically
 My dad didn't convince me you're gonna love wrestling because it's gonna be good help for you
 You're gonna get stronger muscles. You're gonna like you just gonna help you become more resilient in life
 You're gonna always think like that was the logic. Okay, what sold me on wrestling?
 Oh
 My gosh, that felt amazing. I'm in
 Something happened to each you
 Emotionally they got you in okay, and so for us to be able to convince other people
 We have to get rid of all the techno babble and you have to remember what was the thing?
 What was the story was the reason that got me started on this journey and as you tell that story
 And you get people the same epiphany that you had that's gonna be able to change your destiny
 That's when you able to help them okay, so that's the 15 bird stuff
 If you want to go deeper than I talk a lot about expert secrets, but like that's the core of story
 And so for you it's not coming back and trying logically convince anybody of anything
 It's remembering like what was the reason that I got so excited about this and sharing that story
 This was gonna people connect with you and then they're gonna have the same 50
 You had if you do it right and now you can change and now you can affect now you can move them okay?
 All right, so there's the story framework now the next part of story
 You have to understand that when we are telling people story everyone already has a story right?
 About whatever it is and so
 If the story is positive, it's a really good thing for them, but the story is negative. It's holding them back
 Okay, so our job as marketers as funnel hackers is to look at that and say okay
 This this story they have is it holding them back from what I know that they need to be doing if so like that
 Story is the chain of false leaf. It's holding them back right so they have this chain of false belief
 There's some experience something happened to them that made them have these false beliefs, okay?
 So there's this experience and because that experience they've been telling themselves the story over and over and over again
 So for you, this is the people you're coming in contact with they're seeing your Facebook ads
 They're coming on your webinars
 They're landing your landing pages
 They're reading your emails and they have these things and if you don't break these false chains of beliefs no matter
 How hard you try you will never convince them to follow you it's impossible
 Right because they have this story
 So the only way for you to break them from these false chains of belief is to tell them your story
 If you do this right then your story trumps their story and then your story becomes theirs
 Okay, so let me give you a sample. So this is my friend Devani as met him a little earlier today. By the way, do you love his socks?
 That was amazing
 Anyway, so Devan last year comes in he's like Russell's is amazing
 I got an opportunity for you. It's gonna be grand floor opportunity. It's gonna be amazing
 It's gonna change the world. It's gonna be awesome and I'm like sweet man
 I'm in so Devan signs me up. He's like all right your first thing you need to do see Jim and Pam over there
 You gotta get them signed up Mike. Okay. Let's do this. Okay, so now look at it through this lens. Okay, so I'm gonna sign Jim and Pam up
 Now I look at Jim. I'm okay
 Jim has got some false chains of belief. There's some reason I'm not gonna be able to get him to believe that he should join my network marketing opportunity, right?
 What is that?
 These are these false chains of beliefs
 So I think like what what did he experience that probably kept him from doing that?
 Like did he have a friend or a family member came in annoying or someone who like or did he have a better?
 He'd already join a program and he just if I'm uncomfortable, what was the experience he had?
 Okay, so where Jim's experience what happened is he had a friend named Michael Scott who just tackled him and forced him to be in this program, right?
 He's like oh that was a horrible experience. I did not feel comfortable. I did not like it and
 So because that he created a story inside his mind and the story came inside his mind is that all network marketing programs are pyramid schemes
 Okay, so that's the story he created
 So I can come in here
 I can tell him everything I want about ground floor opportunity best product the best technology best everything no matter what I do
 Logically some he will never break that story. It's not worth doing
 Okay, I'm sharing the story for network marketing
 It's true for every single one of you guys. I don't care for selling fitness finance product services like whatever it is
 It is what's happened your customers have a story already
 Okay, so the only way for you to break their story is you have to come in you have to tell a better story that Trump's theirs
 Okay, so if I was going to Jim I'd be like hey man, so why why
 Why aren't you joining? He's like, oh, it's annoying friend you bug me
 It was horrible and you know if if I join I got to bug people and I just don't want to do it
 I'm like no that makes sense
 I was the same way but what's interesting is that I found out about this really cool thing called the funnel and I used the funnel
 There was this network marketing program
 I believed it was pretty cool and they're giving away a Ferrari and I was like what if I won a Ferrari without ever talking to anybody ever
 That would be amazing. And so I set up a funnel I launched it and in 60 days
 I became the number one money or company and I won this Ferrari and the best things I talked to a single person ever
 It's not amazing
 Now if I tell Jim that if my story trumps his story, he's gonna be like oh my gosh
 She said I could actually have the benefit of this thing without talking to people to sign me up
 Okay
 That's the way to understand that's all this whole story things about it's about trumping someone else's fault
 It's belief I can trump their faults belief their story shifts
 And now your story becomes theirs and now they're free the chains of fault belief are gone now
 They're free to go pursue whatever it is your time help them pursue
 Okay, all right, so the question is like what stories do I tell now? This is gonna change
 You talked about Hook story offer depending on the complexity of the product depends on how many stories you tell what stories you tell right?
 If it's a very simple product you tell us story and that's all you need for more complex things you have to tell multiple stories
 I'm gonna kind of walk through that so the first thing you have to understand is that in every sales argument there is
 What we call the big domino?
 Okay, get if you're an expert secrets to talk about this. There's one thing that if I can get them to believe that one thing all the other
 Concerns just disappear instantly, right?
 Okay, so when you guys came into my into my world the whole funnel world
 Okay, everyone had faults beliefs and things and things you believe or everything
 But if I can somehow convince you that the only way for you to get your goals was a funnel
 Like you have to just kind of like all right. Well, I'm in like I gotta do it right everything else just falls away
 Okay
 For me, it's like if I can convince people that a funnel is the way is the only way for them to actually get the results
 They want then it knocks down all the other dominoes fall away or they become irrelevant
 Okay, and every sales argument has the same thing
 Okay, when you're selling something it's not about trying to answer every single concern possible
 It's figuring out what's the one big domino?
 If I can address this in my ad in my video in my webinar
 I'm I whatever if I can address if I can prove them that this is true then all the other dominoes fall down and they have to believe me
 Right and so for all of you guys you have that I'm excited
 Jamie's gonna talk about hers tomorrow. I believe I could hurt she figured out
 What was the thing she had people to believe and boom it all fell down, okay, so you got to figure that out
 Now after you know the big domino for your product your service then it comes down to there's four stores
 We typically tell now. I'm gonna show you guys this in the framework of like a webinar
 In some of the show 15 minutes 50. I'm gonna show kind of how we do in a 90-minute webinar
 But the same thing happens on a five-minute webinar. It's the same same
 Processed shorter times. Okay, so the first story we tell is what we call the origin story
 Again, the origin story is basically your piffy bridge story. How did you find out about this thing?
 Like why do you care so much about it?
 Right so you tell your shorts if I'm doing a webinar the first 15 minutes on webinar is me just telling my origin story
 Okay, my piffy bridge story about how I fell in love with this thing
 Okay, so if you watch any of the webinars
 These are the slides from the funnel hacks webinar that most of you guys have probably seen the first 15 minutes
 I'm going through this. I'm just telling my piffy bridge story about oh my gosh funnels the greatest rule
 Let me explain to you why they are and I tell you my whole story
 Okay, and that's the that's the first goal now. What happens after I tell that story for some people that was it
 Domino falls over like I'm in I need here's my my ears
 How many guys when you first told me talk about potato guns and funnels like told the first story like I'm 100% in
 My hyperactive is like in okay now click phones is a more complex cell on a simpler cell. It's easy
 How many guys if I just told you my origin story with
 With Vygon here
 If I told you and I've never had a cold source isn't actually true, but if I told you like look I've had cold stores in the past
 I've used a brief. I've used things that nothing ever works
 They always last for two or three weeks at a time. It's horrible
 It's painful like the worst thing in the world when I found about the first time I tried it
 I clicked on the thing I pulled it out and I felt it tingling like the first day
 But it never it never came out never became a cold store was just gone like that was it and
 And ever since I keep this in my pocket. I take everywhere I go and it's in the culture comes out
 I hit it and I'm at a cold store actually hit surface sense then
 How many guys that story alone have been like speed I'm in
 Okay, and someone who suffers cold for like ourselves video for this is literally that that's it. This is a hundred fifty dollar machine
 It's a video two minutes long telling an origin story the person who actually mentioned it and that's it
 That's all it takes okay
 So for simple products one story the origin stories all you need and people are in okay
 But as you get more complex offers you need more so what happens is there more complex offer they push the domino over and they're all excited
 All of a sudden they push it then like oh these three things block. It's like wait wait wait hold on hold on
 I'm in but and also these three things blocking camp. So these are the three things so the first thing
 The first thing that these would call the three core faults place the first thing is their beliefs about the vehicle
 In case the vehicles the thing you're trying to put them into so for me the vehicles funnels like this is the world
 I'm trying to take you guys into some of you guys
 It's a ketogenic diet some you guys it's a products and helping with your culture
 It's like there's some belief about the vehicle to have it they struggle with the second belief is their own internal
 Please like that may be cool, but like I don't think I could do it
 I mean I've heard that voice in your head before that's cool for them
 But I don't know if I could do it right and then the third fall
 It's believe it's like well
 That's one thing I could do but like I know that if I start this diet like I could do
 But my wife's gonna buy cookies anyway, and they'll give me the house
 There's no way they can always blame some external source besides themselves
 Okay, so these are the three things that keep people from buying from you
 Okay, so for me now now I move into and I tell a story to try to trump all three of those
 Okay, if I can trump all three of those beliefs
 They're beliefs to come my beliefs and they have to they have to buy they have to follow you have to do the thing
 You need them to do okay, so story number two then which in a webinar is the next 15 minutes is the story about my vehicle
 Okay, so Cindy I come back here. I say okay. What's the chain of false belief? They currently have about the vehicle that I'm putting them into
 Okay, then what's the experience like why do they believe that?
 There was the story they're currently telling themselves, and I think it was my story
 Okay, so all years we'll see this video tomorrow
 So I gotta show them the websites are dead right so for me the spy go back to this for myself, right?
 The false beliefs like why already have a website. I'm good
 right or
 My stuff is a fun Amazon. I'm good
 Why do you believe that well I tried to build a funnel it was really complicated it didn't work
 I just put myself on Amazon and I make some sales. That's pretty cool
 So stories like I don't need any complicated stuff. I can just use Amazon right so I gotta come back in the story
 I tell you like no websites are dead
 I tell this story and if I did a good job boom it falls down
 Okay, so my funnel hacks webinar the most you guys have seen these slides right here all me telling the story about why
 This vehicle is the greatest thing in the world my piffany bridge store about why I believe that I tell that story
 And the end of it my goal is something like oh my gosh. I do need a funnel
 If I didn't say that in their head, I do need a funnel boom
 The internal belief or the vehicle belief is gone. Okay. Oh my gosh. I could have success here
 Oh my gosh, I could do that thing. Okay, so my story is trumps theirs once again the domino falls
 Okay, now the next thing so the first one's the origin story second one's the story about their internal or
 About the vehicle the next one now moves down to the internal beliefs. So they say oh my gosh. You're right a funnel is amazing
 But I can't do it
 It comes internal. I can't do it. I don't have any technical skills. I don't know how to build something
 I don't even know what a funnel is for crying out loud, right?
 That's the second story. So now or should be the third story. So now I come back
 I said okay, what's the fault believe why they believe that well?
 They believe that for me again
 I'm talking about my product and plug in your your product for this for me
 It's like well, I've tried technical stuff the path
 I can't use my stuff word like we'll build a funnel
 That's they believe what's the experience?
 I tried to do the thing it didn't work was confusing like I waste time energy the story is like I'm not technical
 I can't build a funnel so I gotta come in like no like it's actually really easy
 Here's Grant Cardone this guy is the least technical guy at earth
 He built an entire funnel 40,000 vene hours super simple super easy and they see them they're like oh
 That actually is really easy. I guess I could do that
 So now boom two things have happened, right? And then here's my slides where I tell that part of the story, okay
 Now what's happened? Hopefully nominal fail if not in the last leg. So first they say
 Cool the vehicle funnels is amazing. I think I could actually do it
 But I don't they find the extra thing. I don't know how to drive traffic because I actually I probably couldn't figure it out
 Okay, they have some kind of external belief
 Okay, so for me the extra belief is even if I had a funnel what would I do with it?
 I don't know how to do like I can't get people to come to the funnel once their experience
 I had a website before I spent a ton of money on it bought some Google ads nobody showed up and I'm broke
 I paid an agency five thousand bucks and got three visitors and everything money, right?
 They have some experience the story is this doesn't work
 So I got to tell them my story
 So for me I tell a story about how do we have traffic and boom?
 I go through my slides and tell that part of the story if it works boom the nominal falls
 And they follow me and for all of you guys who are here
 Obviously, the nominal fell. That's why we got forty five hundred amazing people here because I was able to break the faults
 Please they're holding us back that makes sense
 Okay, so after you've told the stories then the last thing is that you move over to the to the offer
 So I tell the stories that break all the faults police that I moved to the offer
 I go through the stack and the clothes make the special offer and boom we got them. Okay, so the framework is simple
 There's one big domino. I got to convince him this one thing for me
 I got to convince him the funnels is the greatest thing in the world for you whatever your thing is like you got to convince them
 That this type of diet this type of lifestyle this type of product is the greatest thing in the world
 What's the big domino if you can get them to believe this then they have to follow you figure that out and this come back
 Hey, why do I believe that?
 What's my orders right? Why do I actually believe that if you don't believe that you're in the wrong business?
 Okay, you have to believe it at your depth of your soul if you're gonna get people to move with you
 Okay, so you tell your story and then you're like ain't it what's what's the reason like what's the vehicle?
 I'm putting what what's their fault police found that what's the fault for you to please found themselves being able to implement this
 What's the fault police about the extra you tell those three stories and then you make them the offer?
 Okay, that's kind of how it works. All right
 I want to do something for some of you guys who are watching this is like well
 Russell that's awesome for you because you click on Facebook live and you just go and you have all this energy and you're amazing
 And you just tell everybody every single time
 How many of you ever felt that way about me before?
 Like I hate that Russell Brunson. Okay, so I have a special message for all you guys
 We're all gonna laugh me together
 so I should have this on Instagram
 And this is kind of embarrassing, but how many of us want to see the very first time I spoke on stage?
 We had good looking dude his bald head and his puffy shirt and his tie
 Alright, so this is the very first time I ever spoke on stage. It's like a 30 second clip
 And I'm going through this humiliation to hopefully have some of you guys look this big. Oh my gosh
 That I can do this guaranteed I can do so here we go
 But what I wanted to talk about tonight is kind of a broad overview better
 Hopefully help you to better to get better information out of the whole internet marketing business
 This is a lot bigger group than I had planned on
 So embarrassing all right. That was the first time I ever spoke the next day was the first time somebody let me step on their stage
 Except for it was like carpet
 There was no actual stage and said like you can sell something I'm like sweet
 And so the next day I had a chance to make my very first
 Offer on stage
 I'm not gonna show you guys the whole thing because it's really like
 The very beginning as I transitioned to my to me trying to sell
 I was like how much do you guys think I'm gonna sell this for and some guy was like a thousand bucks and I was like
 Oh crap. I'm actually selling it for a thousand bucks. I
 was like well
 It was so bad. Oh anyway, so
 You guys gonna see my closing abilities round one here we go
 Okay, I've got
 My getting close on time if you if you do join the the affiliate bootcamp will give you lifelong training. It's a
 It's a forty-seven dollar month value get it for free. Who would like a piece of that?
 Here's my irresistible offer and I hope for you guys learned a lot from this presentation
 mestanding ovation you did a great job
 This nobody stands up not one person
 Who wants a piece of that?
 The greatest clothes of all time
 All right
 So I share that for any of you guys who are just like I don't know if this is gonna work
 I don't I'm shy I'm awkward. I'm nervous like I promise you I was shy I was awkward. I'm nervous. I still am
 I still struggle
 But when you believe in what it is you have to sell you believe what you're doing like you just keep doing it and keep doing it
 and you get a little bit better and a little bit better and a little bit better and
 It didn't take 15 years
 Right every single time I got better and a couple more people started listening a couple more people started listening started growing started growing and started growing
 The biggest thing you have to start you have to start telling the stories you can't wait like all I'm gonna start stories next month next week next year
 Okay, it's like no start today
 Can you guys have a phone again?
 No one's raising your hand. How many of you have a phone in your pocket right now, okay?
 You have no excuse if you want to do a podcast as a podcast
 I've you click on it you talk and you click a button is on iTunes that fast you want to do a video
 You click a button and they're on Facebook live in five seconds or Instagram like you have no excuses
 But Russell no one's following me like exactly that's the best thing about it at the beginning who was there for that event when I spoke
 None of you guys were there
 Other than all you guys now saw but none of you were there right you understand like just start your people will find you as you find your voice
 Your people will find you but you cannot find your voice until you start until you begin till you start moving forward
 Okay, and if I would have started that journey 15 years ago none of you guys would be here today
 Okay, if I could go back to that awkward nerdy Russell the shaved head and a tie who was scared to death of getting on stage
 Sitting behind like scared to death and I could go back tonight out and grab and say look dude
 I know this is uncomfortable and it's horrible and it's miserable and you are scared and you are gonna fail and you're gonna fail
 And you're gonna fail and not one year or two years
 It's gonna be like a decade of this
 But in a decade from now you're gonna have a chance to come on stage and for the 4500 people
 You have an opportunity and a voice to be able to change their lives if you don't stop I
 Would hope you have to listen. Thank you
 The biggest thing is I can't have you guys stopping
 Okay, I was telling Brandon Poland this yesterday. I saw him at the inner circle dinner
 For funnel hacking lives to go the second fucking life
 he was sitting down as I'd never met him before and
 During when the round-tables round-t
 That's amazing right and Brandon was one person in the audience. He was a wife for sitting there
 Okay fast forward four years now later
 Kayla's unfortunately here. She had her first baby, which congratulations to the Poland family. It's amazing
 Fast forward four years later because
 Kayla kept talking and sharing your message over and over and over again if like 1.5 million people have come into their fun
 over 130,000 women's lives have been changed because of them
 Okay, they're making a same amount to my but the impact of the world is huge because they were sitting in audience
 They heard us talk about this and then they just did it
 Okay, so for me and for my team I had to talk to them yesterday before we got started
 So look there's a sea of people out here every single one of them has a voice and the ability to change somebody's lives
 And if we can't affect them then everything we're doing here is a waste
 This event's not about me it's not about us not about my team is about each and every one of you guys
 Okay, and we're trying to give you the tools and the things you need
 But you have to listen and you have to be willing to try it and it's gonna be scary at first
 I promise you that is still scared of me. I was backstage here freaking out a few minutes ago
 Okay, I feel more comfortable now luckily
 We have to understand like it's gonna be scary, but if you don't do it if you don't take that step
 You're not gonna be your next year. Okay. I don't want you just here next year
 I want you up here next year. Why are you telling your story getting your award?
 That's why we do this every single day
 Okay, all right a couple more things
 all right
 Just you understand again if you're selling a product you don't have to do this huge today
 The simpler the product easier it is for example
 You see that pitch right there you see that marker in my hand
 Okay, if I was gonna set how many of you guys will give me I don't know five bucks for this marker right now a
 Couple of you okay, I'm gonna tell you guys a story about this marker
 I'm gonna tell you a story and the story will increase the value of this marker, okay, so a couple of
 When we first start new events, I remember I
 Would show up and they always have those like little narrow whiteboards and they're like hoars are vertical
 And we drop funnels funnels are vertical right so you like page number one pace
 You're like I'm out of space like you flip it in this like horrible to diagram of funnels right
 And I would do that he flipped him thing over flipping it over
 How these little tiny markers they're like little tiny and like you can see very far
 It's felt weak and then what you're Tony Robbins event and Tony had a board like this
 And then he pulls out this marker and Tony's hands are like this big anyway
 And he pulls out this marker and he unshy said whoa
 He walks over to the whiteboard and he starts doing this thing and he's like just like doing X's and like circles and like
 Was making no sense whatsoever, but it looks so cool and I remember I was like oh my gosh
 This is amazing and so we started funnel hacking lives
 First off I wanted to be Tony had a board like this wide
 We need a board like that and we and I tried for like years try to find one
 I remember one that's like complaining to Melanie who's my assistant
 I was like Melanie like they don't how do you he must have custom built this thing and then she's like in Google
 Or doing some magic and like five and six they found it
 But what and next to we know we have this board here and then like I do the boards the very first time of these little tiny markers
 I'm like I feel so weak like I want to feel like Tony I need like a man marker and so she starts googin
 She finds some markers ship. I'm like no these are good
 But like I need like Tony man markers and so finally she finds these things and look at this thing like this thing is amazing
 So these are now my man markers and I only like I will not speak at events when I travel the events
 I bring my man markers because I don't want to be on stage like the little dainty ones and so I have these huge man markers
 And so I've got red man markers blue man markers black bomb markers and I only have three of them here
 I know how many is one a man marker I
 Can't sell these we have to have these for the rest of the man, but you see how a story increase the value
 That's what I'm talking about like you tell a good story increases the value whatever you're selling
 So you have to come better at telling stories
 It'd be better at making offers better at telling stories because both those things intrinsically increase the value of what it is
 You're trying to sell okay now when you're selling more complex offers that's what you need to have a bigger thing
 We're having internal beliefs
 The vehicle internal extra the more complex the product is the longer the sales processes
 Okay, all right
 So for you guys your homework as well in your paper here is start right now
 You just need to start building a story inventory. What are all the false beliefs that my customers have and so writing those things down like
 And then why do they believe that?
 What's the story they're telling themselves and then what what story do I have that would trump their belief?
 Yeah, I've been telling this ever since experts. He just came out almost two years
 I've been talking this over and over and over again, right very few people do it
 But guess what I know the people that are doing it
 I'm watching them and watching the story telling watch what they're doing and watching the process
 Okay, I do this all the time
 I got started Dan Kennedy told me this is like you build inventory of stories and I heard that instead doing most of
 This that's a good idea. I said Dan said it. I must do it. I got a pad of paper
 I was like what stories do I have and I had nothing I had a potato gun story. That was it
 So I'm not my potato gun story. I'm like
 So I got but now I had my notebook with my potato gun story and I started thinking okay as I start talking
 Start doing my thing something amazing happen in my life. I'm like that could be a story right it down
 And what next thing something's happened to happen also like oh my gosh that could be a story write it down
 Okay, if we story right down could be story the next thing I know I can stand a stage for 90 minutes
 I'll 400 stories without even knowing about it, right?
 It comes down to just telling story after story after story, but you have to start that now
 Okay, so you have your phone open up a note second say my story inventory
 And as you were living life every time something's happening. I'm like oh that was cool
 Like oh that was cool. How that relate to my customers. Oh my gosh if I told this like that's how it relates
 Boom
 Okay, I mean I thought I could tell a story about a marker and make it relevant to you somehow yet
 I did right
 Okay, it's all about that one more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called calm
 Secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back sass startup company in the world
 [Applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
