 Hey everyone, this is Russell. Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope you enjoyed the first
 25% of my present of my keynote presentation for lucky live during today's episode. I'm gonna start diving deeper into
 To actually how do you create an offer right?
 We talked about so far the fact that the offer increases the value you have to have amazing offers
 Because that's how you de-commodetize yourself and how you make people desire and lust and go crazy for the thing you're trying to sell
 So next things like okay, well that's cool Russell, but you know, I'm selling physical products
 I'm doing this or whatever and I don't know how to to bulk up my offer and the easiest way to bulk up offers with information products
 so the next section of
 My presentation I started going deeper into exactly how to create information products. I walked through nine different
 Ways that I think you're gonna enjoy
 So we're gonna go through nine different ways and then do a couple
 potential exercises and things like that and and then we're gonna move in into story
 So without saying the theme the theme song and jump into part two of my keynote presentation
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 So the question is like well, how do you how do you do that? Okay, so you're like I sell this thing
 I like how do I make it sexier? How do I how to make an offer?
 So the fastest way to increase an offer is to bulk it up by adding other types of information products
 So I'm gonna go through a couple ways
 Do you guys create quick information products to bulk up any offer without actually having to write a book?
 That sounds like fun
 All right, cool. So I'm gonna go through three different things you can do number one
 There are written words, but I'm gonna show you how to do without actually writing any words number two is audio and number three is video
 Let's leave you guys ideas so nobody will ever say well, I can't create an offer Russell
 And you can with these things I'm gonna show you can create millions and millions of offers in fact
 If you start looking at everything I do you'll notice is always one of these three things
 I'm using to bulk on my offers every single time. Okay, so the first are written themes. So the first thing I want to show you guys is
 How many guys would love to have a book, but you don't want to write a book
 Okay books are the most painful part of everything I've ever done ever by far
 So this is a book that was a crowd source book called chicken soup for the soul
 How many is a red chicken soup for the soul?
 Okay, how many guys have read one of the like eight million version sense then?
 Okay, the most amazing about this book is that the authors who wrote this book didn't actually write any of the words in the books
 Isn't that great?
 Yet they still made millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars
 Okay, the other day my son came into my little office
 It was bone again
 He came in and he saw his book and he said yeah, is that your new book?
 And I said yeah, he's like you wrote another new book. I was like what kind of he's like what do you mean kind of like?
 Why wrote the title?
 And that was it he's like did you cheat I'm like no I didn't cheat I
 Said I have 30 people who got two comic-up awards right how they would get it to comic-up wrote
 They could do it again. He's like and then they just wrote the chapter
 So yeah, and I put in a book and then we sell the book. He's like but you didn't write anything
 I wrote the I wrote the title it's a really good title. He's like I don't think that's the real book dad
 I'm like no it really is okay
 How many guys this on whatever business you're in could find a whole bunch of experts and whatever it is and you could write a book like this
 This book alone
 We did the very first launch of the one fun away challenge where we gave this away and we closed down for like four months people were
 Oxygenes things off someone sold one for over $500 on eBay people were going crazy for this book, right?
 Now when we launch one for my challenge again
 Like you guys get this book and people flip out people buy it just because they want the book
 I didn't write a word of it. Okay, so I don't think about this like how could you guys like chicken soup for the soles?
 Trailblades it for us. I've trail is blazed before you
 How can you do that same thing in your market find people around you and say hey?
 Let me interview you mean you're 30 of you or 20 of you and put it together make a book
 Make us like there's a million things you can do with that, but it's a fast easy way to create a book
 You are actually have to do it. Okay number two way to get written books really fast is to compile examples of stuff
 How many has read my 108 split test book?
 Okay, this is literally just screenshots of a hundred eight of our split tests and people go crazy for it
 Okay, how many guys are doing stuff in your business or whatever it is you do that you have like this by-product
 We weren't planning on selling this we were just doing split tests and it's six screenshots of the split test and eventually like two years later
 Like we should just put these all in the book. We just compile the whole bunch of examples and we sold it
 Okay, this right here. How many guys remember the funnel university?
 Every month we find a couple funnels and we compile limit and talk about them and we show them to people
 They're not my funnels. They're other people's funnels. We just find the cool ones and we show them and we put them in a newsletter
 Okay, how many guys have seen this book the 74 funnel swif file
 Not that you guys have seen it yet another product coming out soon to a funnel near you, right?
 Same thing or just compiling cool stuff. How many has a single stuff before?
 All right, you should just compile it then and then bake a book and then it's amazing
 More people probably rate this book than my other books
 I spent years slaving on dry and they're like oh, this is way better
 Okay, and one of my favorite ones this kind of tricky one. Have you guys ever heard of the public domain before?
 This is where Walt Disney got all his ideas by the way. He never wrote anything
 He just like went to the public domain is like oh sweet someone wrote a story about a beauty and the beast or about the
 Snow princess or about all these things found these public domain stories and produced movies at it
 Okay, anything that was written pre-1923 the United States is in the public domain. You can republish it as your own
 Okay, one of my friends Matt Fury. He took this old 1914
 Wrestling course the farmer burns published in the book made over a million dollars selling that course
 Okay, and you guys read thinking girl rich
 Master keys systems tons of the books that you guys are know and you are aware of are all
 In the public domain you can republish them. So there's two places I go for public domain stuff number one
 I go to Gutenberg org everything on Gutenberg org is in the public domain. They just published
 There's like 50,000 ebooks there you can find on your market you can take and republish his room the second secret
 I go to eBay and the eBay and the nonfiction book section you can search by years
 So I search by year and I start typing keywords in my market and you'll be amazed at how many amazing books have been written
 The people are selling an eBay for a dollar fifty that you can then republish and sell for whatever you want bundle inside of your offer to quickly get amazing
 Books, okay, so those three fast ways make books crowd source them compile a bunch of examples or go in the public domain
 You know, here's a concept and you guys understand is we move from the first three to the next three and beyond
 This will make this whole process simpler for you. Okay, the concept is this people will spend more money
 For the exact same content
 packaged in a different way
 Okay, say it again people spend will spend more money
 For the exact same content packaged in a different way, okay?
 When I first started this business, I remember going to events like this
 And the speakers
 See like every single time some speakers say who here's red thinking grow rich by the way
 How many guys have red thinking grow rich?
 Which is in the public domain by the way?
 So yes, no republish is make thinking grow rich for Dennis thinking grow rich for surfers thinking go rich for whatever anyway
 It's there ready for you, but um
 Anyway, so I kept hearing that so I went and bought the book and I was like
 I'm so excited to read this book and I put it next to my bedstand and it sat there for months and months and then years and
 Every time I go to bed people you're not thinking rich. I raise my hand. I'm like, well, I actually read it
 I have it
 Someday I'll read it and one day I remember feeling guilty
 I went on eBay and I was types thinking grow rich CDs and someone was selling the CD course of it
 And so I bought the CDs got in my car and for the next like three weeks
 I started reading thinking grow rich in my car
 You know what's interesting about this is the book thinking grow rich cost me nine dollars ninety seven cents on Amazon
 The CDs cost me
 Ninety seven dollars on eBay so I literally paid ten times more money for the exact same thing packaged in a different way
 Like was there any difference in the book in the audio?
 Literally word for words some dude read the book
 And it became CDs and I spent ten times as much
 Okay, this is less than four you guys
 How many guys read the dot-com seekers book?
 And we had read the expert seekers book
 Why are you here then?
 Everything I know is in those books like it's it I got nothing else oh
 Because this package is from way
 That makes sense we all understand that like what you have you can package in so many different ways and because of the experience
 How it's being fulfilled all the things it shifts the value of it, right?
 This is way more valuable than a ten dollar book this experience than being here
 All right, so let me shift over to audio now, okay?
 So this is the book that we republish this is in the public domain called life worker farmer burns
 I have my father and I get a microphone out. He'd read it we turn it into a CD and we started selling this is probably ten years ago
 I started selling this book on CD so you can find a book and you can read it
 You have somebody else read it you find the book from public domain
 You can find something like that and you can make an audio book very simple easy way to do it
 Okay, number two is you can interview others. So this is
 This is a book how do you guys have read this book by the way?
 I know all our two comical X members
 I sent you guys a copy of it everyone's like this thing is like bigger than the phone book
 It's one of the best books ever and I remember when it first came out David Fry where's David at?
 Yes, so David got it
 And he's like this book's amazing that he called it Vince James the author and he interviewed him for a whole bunch of stuff
 And he made a whole audio course out of it and Dave's a genius
 I was like I should just do what Dave did so then I call him up
 I was like hey, can I interview you too? And he's like sure and so I interviewed the guy who wrote this book the guy made it
 Went he was a 28 year old kid made a hundred million dollars to direct mail selling supplements
 And so I call him on the phone and I interviewed him and let me interview him for six hours
 When it was done, he's like you can have the right to the audio's I have the right student
 You knew everyone with him
 I'm like sweet and so the night two years later
 I launched it and this actually became my very first ever to comical funnel
 I made a million dollar selling the interviews of the interview I did with this guy who wrote the book that amazing
 How many guys have ever read a book before
 How many guys could call the author and be like hey, can I interview you?
 And so he's like oh, he's too famous. He wrote all these big books. He's never gonna interview me
 Can't me tell you the life of an author if you usually want to know how it works
 They geek out on top again
 They spend their whole life writing this book and they're so proud of it
 They're so excited right and then they tell their spouse or their family their friends. They're like okay
 That's weird and they're like oh nobody cares and then there's an audience who gets the book and they love it
 And they read and they're like oh my people they read it right and then somebody calls and like hey that book was amazing
 Can I interview the person's like yes, you can
 Just so you know they want you to talk to them. They wanted to share the stuff doesn't happen enough
 You went to Amazon and find the top 10 authors of books in your in your market
 I guarantee you nine out of ten you could go on the phone for free that fast, okay, or you could actually
 I don't know Jason flat on us here this year Jason gave me an idea that was brilliant
 He was doing that offer this kind of ties back to the story. We'll talk about here in a minute, but
 He was doing an offer. He was selling a funnel course and he was like I want to interview someone who did e-commerce funnels
 So he's like well Trey Luell and it's got the highest grossing e-commerce funnel right now inside a cliff funnel
 I want to interview Trey so he calls up trades like hey can I interview and their friends and
 And she's like sure man you can interview me and and Jason's like well
 I need to wire you some money first and she's like no don't worry about it
 I'll do the interviews like no no I need to wire you the money
 Because otherwise there's no value in this interview. He's like what this trades like whatever
 So Jason wires them like five thousand dollars
 He does the interview and then when you see when um when Jason selling this product and does the stack he goes to his stack
 He's like number one number two or three. He's like number three right here. You see this right here
 This is the guy. He is the number one e-commerce seller in click funnels
 He had a funnel to twenty million dollars in six weeks selling flashlights
 And I wired him five thousand dollars to interview him
 I'm coming to find out the room
 He doesn't interviews, but I wanted to find out the real stuff
 So I paid him five thousand dollars to interview him and that interview you guys could have
 All of a sudden that bullet point in this stack slide went from oh it's an interview
 That's worth five thousand dollars now the value instantly shoots up right so interviewing people is huge
 in fact when I launched
 10x seekers course I had my offer and it was good
 I was like how do I make this sexier? So the first thing I did is I interviewed a lot of people I interviewed this man right here
 Where's my or not everyone loves my ring?
 Yeah
 Anyway, I need to be my ring I need a bunch of people who I learned how to close from stage from I interviewed all of them
 Plug that into the course increase the value of the course
 Okay, so interviewing people is huge for any product
 I don't think there's a product I put out better interview people
 I do it even if it's my product
 I'm a who are the ten other people I get interview who've done something similar because all those things increase the value
 What is I'm selling?
 Okay, and then the last audio one is
 Compiling hard to find podcasts and audios and things like that
 Okay, if I told you guys like hey my favorite my favorite podcast is make sure Gs you go listen to it
 How much values in that?
 Not much right but if I was like okay
 There's just one interview to Andrew did and in the interview started talking to the guy and he literally the guys showed
 Three different websites that were the key to blah blah blah blah blah and I listened to those things
 I found the websites. I never knew they existed
 I started doing the thing and that's how we got click phones to do whatever right if I tell you that you're like
 Oh my gosh, I want to do that podcast like cool when you sign up for my thing right now
 I'm gonna give you a link directly to that podcast so you can find it
 Okay, you curating suffer people. There's value in that okay YouTube videos
 I've done tons of times with optics or like opt in here to get a free video from Robert Kiyosaki teaching the number one tax strategy for
 Middle-age Americans and I just found a video on YouTube of Robert Kiyosaki teaching the number one thing on whatever and that's why I get people
 And they opt in okay, so you curating stuff you think is cool can be bundled into offers as well
 Okay, so there's the audio ones really quick so audio books interviewing other people and compiling hard to find audio
 Is this big thing last time I go through really quickly is video?
 Okay, there is a program. How many how many you guys here use windows?
 Have you guys use max
 Holy cow
 All right, okay, there's a program if you are using
 If you are using if your windows you should be using Camtasia if you use them actually screen flow
 This tool has made me and probably most people more money than anything else on earth
 It just records whatever's happening on your screen so you make a presentation or slides or literally
 The very first version of the funnel hacks training the one that got us from zero to ten thousand customers
 I had a word document open on the screen with my notes and the right hand side
 I had a little picture
 I just clicked record on screen flow and I talked for an hour as I read through my outline
 We did like ten million plus dollars in sales and that was what the product looked like
 The real sort of professional video studio you don't need one just get a microphone
 Screen flow or Camtasia records your screen. How many president and just teach it okay?
 It's super easy. It's simple. It's like the easiest thing in the world to do okay number two video thing
 It's just get your iPhone out
 Literally you get your phone out and just make videos where where's Rachel at?
 She in the room right now we were on a
 Did you finish the course by the way?
 Can I talk about that?
 So Rachel we were on this like little cruise thing after the 10x event and she came to me
 She's like I have an idea
 It's gonna be a course called selfie secrets of my room
 It's I'm gonna record the whole thing on my iPhone and then she like the next day recorded entire course on her phone teaching the entire course
 Which is amazing and it was all on her phone okay, so how many of us have a phone?
 You have everything you need all right?
 Okay, and you just all buy her course when it goes live all right and last thing is like you should throw a workshop
 Teaching people stuff and you only have to speak and bring other speakers to teach for you
 Okay, when I first got started I didn't have any product to sell and so the first thing I did is I threw a workshop and it was really exciting
 To have a workshop I was pumped about it
 But I had nobody coming and so I email my tiny list the time
 I said doing a workshop is five thousand dollars a ticket and then the first day nobody bought and second day nobody bought and third day
 One guy bought and first I was like yeah, and I was like oh crap not to do a workshop
 There's like one person coming
 This is awkward and then luckily two other people off side three people buy I was like okay now
 We have a workshop with three people it's like all everybody I knew my friends my family everybody
 I was like okay
 I'm doing a workshop people paid to be here you have to come and just
 Sit in the audience and don't tell me you didn't pay because I need to look good on video or just gonna be super embarrassing
 And so we set it up we had it all said and it was like not like this it was it was really bad
 We literally had the windows behind me were too bright so we got
 Sheets from the from the bedrooms and electrical tape sheets over like it's so bad
 But we recorded and I became the very first course
 I ever sold was the videos from us at the holiday in with the electrical tape over the sheets literally behind me the entire video
 And it looked amazing okay, so throw a workshop even if nobody comes to her
 Just invite your friends do something your house bring people in this record
 So I'm teaching your thing and you can but I didn't really quickly okay, so for videos we got screen captures high iPhones and workshops
 So here's real quick recap of the nine ideas crowd sourcing books compiling examples public domain audio books interviewing
 Compile hard to find audio screen captures iPhones and workshops, okay tons of easy ways to do that quickly
 Okay, so we're doing now is I want to actually
 Try thinking we should do this not
 I'm gonna let you guys do this on your own, but in your paper that I handed out
 I have this little section here for you guys to figure out what are potential products? I could bundle inside of my offer
 Okay, and this is something we do all the time every time we have a new product comes out
 We talked about slash we have bat meetings where I we literally sent out a bat signal to vox or everyone or our marketing team
 We all come on zoom and wherever that out from around the world we get in front of white bull right?
 Okay, what could we create for this product?
 We could put this in and this and we start just dumping out as many different ideas as we can
 Okay, so now you guys have like let's I'm selling this product. What else can we do?
 Oh, we can interview this guy could compile these things here
 I could do this I can make a video I could do a workshop we can do and all these things you can quickly create to
 Curtain this into an offer
 Okay
 Now really quick I guarantee I know the number one thing going through some of your heads right now is
 Like well, that's cool for all the coaches and the consultants and the info product people but not for me. I'm different I
 So real stuff right I so physical products. I have a local business or whatever your excuses right now
 And I want to shout out these excuses
 Because the biggest thing is gonna keep you guys from having success over this week is the con is is the thought of like
 Oh, well, this isn't apply to me. Okay, I'm excited
 I think either tomorrow or the next day. We're gonna have Jamie Cross is gonna come up here and speaking
 Yeah
 Jamie's amazing because two years ago. She came to funnel hacking live. She was sitting in the audience and she sells soap
 Okay, and I was on stage talking about webinars
 I'm doing this usually about webinars and stories this whole thing right and
 Every other e-commerce person I'm guessing in the audience is like this is not for me because I sell physical products
 And Jamie said how can I make this work for me?
 12 months later. She's on stage give to come a couple words woman's later
 She's on stage sharing a story with you. She took this concept of the webinar and made e-commerce webinar
 She took and didn't say this is gonna work for me
 How can I make this work for me and shifted some things that made it work for her and blew up her company?
 I'm so tired for her to tell a real story
 But I want you guys think the same thing. Okay, so I'm gonna do some example right now
 This is a product that I sell this is the physical product called by gone. Have you ever seen this before?
 the three people on my team all right, so back in the day when
 I launched
 15 companies in a year which is a horrible I did don't do that one of them was this thing right here
 I had a friend who had this company and he was getting trouble and this little machine here
 If you start getting a cold sore, you see you feel it to him. He has get cold stores
 He feel it tingle you pull this out
 If I can open it. This is a new one so the seal hasn't been cut yet
 All right
 Then you peel the seal off all right, so when you open this thing up
 When you feel cold sore coming on
 Come on. There we go. All right. You open it up and there's these two little electroids
 Okay, and you take and you push the button and then say the culture you put on your cold sore and somehow
 I don't know how some scientists figured out something
 It's actually patented everything it goes in and like zaps the cold or destroys it kicks it in the face and destroys it
 And the culture never shows up. Okay
 That awesome. How many of these right now?
 Really?
 Yeah, get my funnel back up anyway
 So this is the physical product I sell right and you're like well Russell. This is this is um
 This is you know, I don't sell I don't sell information. This is gonna work for me
 But imagine if I did this how do I turn this into an offer?
 Okay, this is a physical product. It does what it does. It's just a thing
 Okay, and the guy who so who I buy these from he sells us to other people
 So it's not like I'm not the only one is the commodity. There's like 30 other people that sell the same thing only mine's better
 Okay, so for me like how do I compete against everybody else?
 Well, everyone's got the exact same thing. It does the exact same thing
 So I have to turn this from a commodity into an offer because if it's commodity
 I gotta be like, okay, we sell for 150 I myself for 130 and the next is also 128 crap one 10 one five boom boom boom
 Soon things like $90.95 right retail. Okay, that's the problem problem with products or commodities or I can say okay
 This is amazing. This helps with cold source, but what else could you with cold source?
 Okay, what else can I do? What else could I do? I could go on Amazon be like cold source
 cold source
 Here's and remedies and I guarantee those people on Amazon who have written books on how to do cold source
 I can message one that came and you are the definitive like expert in cold source
 Can I interview you talking about all the tricks?
 You know how to prevent cold source from happening?
 I'm sure something your diet and exercise right like oh, yes, so I get them on phone I interview now
 It's like hey when you buy from anybody you get the same thing
 But you buy from me you get the cold sore inhibitor plus you also get the interview with this dude over here
 Who's the number one highest?
 Stars on Amazon writer of a cold store book you get his book as well plus my interview where I actually interviewed him and then number three
 There are seven supplements. I found that help get rid of cold source
 Seven so how much people complain claim the supplements was actually seven to work and there's two that work almost instantly
 The second you feel culture coming you pop any of these two pills gone instantly
 Okay, and I wrote a report about those cuz I want to make sure you get the right ones if you get the wrong brand
 You get the right product get the wrong brand you are screwed
 So I'm gonna give you on the seven supplements as well
 So you get this first plus you're gonna get the interview with the number one expert in world plus you're gonna get the seven supplements
 The actual brand names where to buy them how do you the discounts all the seven supplements and next thing you're gonna get is bubble
 Bobo all right I
 Just take a physical product. I'm bundling information around it to increase the value of the thing
 Okay, so it doesn't matter if you're selling information or not if you're selling physical products the same thing infers
 The information is the easiest way to bundle this right the problem those infomercials the only way they bundle is like if you call
 Now I'll give you another one for free
 Right, that's almost all e-commerce people do it's like I like that's good, but like that's it's like now
 I got two of these things so if I have cold stores I can have one in my house and in my office
 That's kind of weird right
 But if I if I bundled information probably doesn't increase the cost you at all but dramatically increases the value
 Okay, now when I'm competing with the 30 of the people selling this I can sell it for higher and people will still buy from you
 versus everybody else because my offer is better than theirs, okay another good example of this
 Is my friend mr. Stephen Larson, how do you guys know Stephen?
 So this is a good example for any of you guys who like I'm here Russell, but I don't have a product yet
 So Stephen he has his own products, but he's also an affiliate for click funnels
 He's an affiliate for a bunch of other things right and so we did the one funnel away launch and the 10x launch couple other things
 He's okay Russell already created amazing offer that he's selling but there's like a thousand of affiliates
 We're all selling this product as well, right? He said so everyone's doing it
 So how do I compete against this? He said okay? Well, here's Russell's offer. How can I make my own offer to make it better?
 People was asking how do you make money as an affiliate Russell?
 The first thing you do is you don't sell the product that they are already selling like that's like a like buy Russell's thing
 That's like number one on your list and it's like now I need to make my own offer
 Okay, how many guys bought the one funnel way challenge from somebody and then bought it again from Stephen later because you wanted his bonus
 Okay, how many is about twice from Stephen because you want the new bonus a second time?
 Okay, there's a lesson in this so even if you have a product yes, okay
 Find some else for the product and then how can I now make an amazing offer?
 What can I bundle together to increase the value this offer so people buy for me versus somebody else or if they did buy from
 Also, also buy for me because my offer is so valuable
 Okay
 All right
 So this is kind of the exercise for you guys to start doing is is going through here and listing out all the ideas
 You can have okay, so tonight this weekend with that paper handy out start writing out these things are putting him out there
 And start putting as many as you can think of and make it like
 The biggest problem you can have is if you're kind of putting in your potential products are gonna make an offer
 He's like oh, that's not gonna work. That's not gonna work when you start to be creative like when we first did this
 Man, I'm probably 12 years ago. We sat for a whiteboard
 We're doing this and we were like we were at a point where we needed a funnel to save us from everything
 Right, it was like the bottom of everything right we have to make the most irresistible offer ever or else
 We like we're shutting the doors, so we sat for a whiteboard Mike. Hey, what could we give him Mike?
 Okay, they can fly to my house and I will give him a massage and feed him food and then we're gonna do this and we're gonna do this
 And we're like we made all this crazy stuff. We had all on the whiteboard and then we start said okay
 What's the offer actually gonna be like well?
 Pretty sure my wife would be mad if I hadn't put my house and I give him a massage
 So let's not do that one, but it was there right and it's like what if we did this what if it and then it gave us
 So the time to brainstorm and then from there we start pulling things over to actually make an amazing offer
 Okay, anytime I create a new funnel new thing
 I'm always looking at creating an offer
 Please make potential things as possible and then they can know what am I actually gonna create pull them into my little stacks
 I'm like now. I don't want to need to create to increase this offer
 Okay, all right now one thing I want to mention as well
 The reason I have a whole bunch of things as well is because there's more than just one offer in every funnel
 You just understand that and so I need a lot of stuff that I can give away right if you look at this right here
 There's an offer on my ad. I'm trying to get something to click on something
 So I'm like click on this thing. I'm gonna give you a free report right there's an offer happening there
 Luckily, that was one of my ideas. I already created because I can now pull that down it becomes this right then I'm landing page
 I'm like I need their email address. I'm trading them. What am I gonna have? Oh, well, I have something up here
 I've already created potential products. I'm gonna give him my interview with so-and-so give me email address
 I'll give you the interview with so-and-so boom right there's next product. This I now buy this product
 I'm gonna give you these five things that my upsell is these three or four things
 Okay, I think so many of us go into this thinking like okay, here's the product I'm gonna sell and we're trying to build a funnel around it
 It's like no, no, no understand it's like
 You're looking at more like how do you serve your customer and like what are all the things you could possibly give them to do that?
 And then you're breaking down to the different parts of the funnel. Okay, all right
 So come back to me and hook story offer. So that was the offer section of this of this part
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to go our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind-the-scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
