 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast
 Today I want to talk to you about a really cool experience. I had yesterday
 that hopefully will help you with setting your goals creating some routines and
 Ultimately getting the thing that you desired most in this life
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, I hope you guys are doing awesome today
 Thanks again for listening
 I always appreciate the fact that you guys are here and you're paying attention because you know what I could be talking to myself right now
 And I'm grateful that
 Anyway, I'm grateful for my audience all times, but I wanted to tell you guys a really cool story
 So in my in my church
 I'm sure most churches like this, but we have a youth program, right?
 the young men young women and we're always trying to feel like we're cool ways to help them and to serve them and
 I was lucky
 I got asked a couple months ago from someone that one of the leaders of our church who asked if I'd be willing to come and
 speak to the youth about goal setting and
 They're like you do seminars and stuff right can come teach on goal setting
 I'm like I did just seven hours. I've never really taught on goal setting
 But I definitely am a big believer in that and I would love to come and speak and so
 Last night I had a chance to actually do it
 It was it was such a cool experience there about a hundred kids there including three of my you know
 my three teenagers which is
 Which was awesome and then and I got to do this thing and obviously it would end up being about a two-hour
 Session we helped them to pick goals in four different areas of their life. We opened pick goals
 Physical goal and intellectual goal a social goal and a spiritual goal and so that's kind of the thing
 And so I talked initially kind of talked about goals and excitement. I can't get them excited
 I had one person who goes to church to us who basically said that goal setting is boring like kids
 I don't want to hear about this
 I was like are you kidding me goal setting is like the greatest thing in the world like like you can pick anything
 and then you can go set a goal and then if you know the right process the right path you can achieve it and
 I was thinking like when I was in high school like I want to be state champ
 And I didn't like I actually was really bad wrestler
 but I was like I want this goal and so I had the goal and I created a process and
 By my junior year I became a state champ my senior year took second place in the nation
 I went wrestling in college like all these things right when I started my business was like
 I want to make a million dollars and I didn't know anything about business
 I was like all right I have a goal now that goal the reverse engineer
 How do I actually have success with this goal and then I went and I executed on it and I had success with it, right?
 Same thing when I wanted to I decided I'm gonna be an author like but Russell you suck at writing like oh crap
 That's true, and you've never written a book. Oh, yeah, that's true, too
 But I want to write a book so I said a goal
 I'm gonna write a book and then I went and I figured it out and I created a process and I wrote a book
 Right and then I was like I want to be New York Times best-selling author like but you don't know how to do that
 I'm like I know but I have a goal so let me figure it out and you know now this last year I hit that so
 You know when we started the event business for I was like I want to be the biggest event in our industry and
 You know but you don't know how to run an event
 I know but I want this is the goal I have so like anything you want you can like if you if you know the right way
 Said goals how to do it you can achieve it and so that's what we talked about last night with him and it was really really fun
 and obviously I
 It's tough because their youth and you know I had an hour and a half
 So something like I could literally do a three-day event on this and it would be fascinating and fun. Well, it'd be fascinating for me
 So I was trying to figure how do I do this in a way that we get them excited and motivated
 I'm not gonna make these kids fall asleep and not embarrass their not embarrass my kids in front of their friends
 So that's kind of the the criteria. It's funny kids, man. I prepared a lot for I was even more nervous for
 For this event than I am normally like a marketing event. I think it's because of first off
 You know kids and second off my kids were there and I didn't want to embarrass them
 So I was nervous, but I think it turned out really good
 So I obviously don't have two hours to go through everything with you
 But I wanted to share a couple things that that we did because I think it'll be helpful for you guys as you're setting your goals
 Because I strongly believe if you if you have a goal and you are excited by it enough
 You can figure it out. Okay, so like I said what we did initially is we we broke things into four different categories a
 physical goal intellectual social and a spiritual goal
 And so the first thing I asked was like, what is the goal you actually want? So we say we started physical goals
 I was like, hey, what's the goal you want?
 And so I was talking about my physical goal like I want to look like the dude who plays Captain America
 That guy looks awesome, right? Like there's my goal, right? So that's the first thing
 That is like it has to be more like has to be something that
 That is trackable, right? So saying I want to look awesome is hard, but saying I want to gain 20 pounds
 I'm gonna lose their 20 pounds
 I want to you know something that you can actually say like there's the finish line where you can see it and you can
 Check it off, right?
 I was high school say I want to be a state champ
 There's the finish line like I need to see the finish line routes a goal is just kind of like oh I want to I want to be healthier
 Like what does that even mean like you'd sell every once a month like that's
 Technically you're healthier like that's not a goal right a goal is like something very very trackable
 Where it's like there's a an end date that if I do this thing across the finish line and get my hand raised
 I did the thing I got the goal so that's the first thing making a tangible goal of what you want number two is looking at like
 Well, why do you want to actually achieve that goal?
 Okay, you've heard a lot of people there's books and courses talking about like you're why you gotta why you're doing it, right?
 And while I think most of those courses are kind of cheesy
 Personally, that's just me but the truth is it is true though, right?
 Like if I was like I want to be a state champ why oh
 Then I'm not probably gonna get it if I was like I want to be a champ because I saw another person would stay tight
 I saw their hand get raised I saw that feeling I saw the look in their eyes and I desire that I want that
 I want I want to experience that I want to have one a feel what it feels like to get my hand raised like I
 Don't know what it is but I can see it I can I can visualize I can taste like I want that right the second question is
 Why do you want that goal?
 Okay, so what's the goal?
 It's that's mad as trackable and why do you want it and the more intense your why is the more likely you are to get it in fact?
 Right now as the time of recording this from the middle of two comic-up live and one of my
 one of my friends who's one of the wrestling coaches with me is going through it and he messes me during lunch break and
 He said man, I just watched the the commercially has had a two comic club board and people open their boxes
 And he's like I start crying and it's like and he starts talking to me gets emotional again
 And and then he messes me like two hours later. He's like I'm so sorry
 I got emotional. I didn't mean to do that. I'm like, no dude, like that's that's the key
 I was like even you know, he's been around me for three years now four years now
 He's been going through stuff and he wanted it. He had a goal like oh, yeah
 I want to only hit two comic-up sounds good sounds good
 But his why wasn't big enough right like after he felt that he saw that right where it was emotional
 Now his wife just got amplified like the desire increase like you've got to have that desire else
 It's just like oh yeah, yeah, I want to get six pack abs
 But unless you have the why that increases the desire then what's the point of it?
 You're not gonna go after you're not gonna do what you need to do to actually accomplish the goal
 So the second question is why do you need to achieve that and then because we're in a church setting outside his fault question there
 It said how would that help you become more like Jesus Christ which
 For I think anyone whether you're Christian or not, that's a good question, you know
 He was are the great example or he's the best example that's ever lived on this planet
 It's like how how accomplished goal help me grow closer to him. So that's kind of some question. All right
 So number one, what is your goal number two is why you want to see the goal?
 The number three is who's gonna be your guide who's already achieved that goal, right?
 Like if I want to get six pack abs I want to look like Chris Evans from the guy that plays Captain America like that dude's already done it before
 So I'm not gonna just like okay, I'm gonna go try to figure it out
 I'm like who's the dude or the lady who's already achieved this goal that how he has a roadmap that already has a blueprint
 That already has a framework already has the thing that I can do and I'm gonna find that person
 I'm gonna model him right if they've written a book
 I'm gonna read the book if you made a YouTube video and watch YouTube video if I can talk to him on the phone
 I'm gonna talk to him on the phone. Who is the person they can be my guide?
 Right. I don't want to go and just wander aimlessly into the night
 Right if that happens all type people say goals like oh, I'm gonna go and make a million bucks
 And they jump online and they start to goofing around they're doing things like man
 If you honestly have a goal when you hit your comic club
 You should join a two-comical coaching program because literally we have a framework this works for over a thousand people
 Like you being saying not to but people are like oh, I'm just gonna figure out my own like why would you do that?
 Do you hate success so bad? You're gonna just like wander around and hope to figure out the way
 It's like you're you're out in the in the forest and there's a dude
 He's like I got a map they can take this out. You're like I'll figure it out. I'm good like why don't you just take the map?
 Like are you insane? I just grab the map. It's right here. Okay, so third steps like who's got the map get the map
 Get the map figure out who's got the process?
 Who's your guide who's art does in the past and follow a framework?
 Don't just make this thing up on your own. Don't just guess
 Okay, so who's your guide and then the third step is like how are you gonna do it like?
 Like okay, I want to win a state title. I want to get six pack abs when I do comic club
 I want to whatever your thing is right this this measurable goal
 Okay, then there's always like sub goals that kind of leave underneath it right and these sub goals are
 Are more
 Routine based right so for example, let's say
 Let's say it was it was wrestling like wrestling. I want to be a state champion wrestling
 Okay, what were my sub things I had to do to accomplish that well means I have to look weights, right?
 I sorry so I got to lift weights every single day. What's the other thing? Okay?
 I got to get my cardio's got to be a ship. I got to run right so I'm gonna put a cardio
 Number three got to wrestle a lot right in before I get my nutrition rights. I have my health and it's like I listen
 Who are all here's all the sub things I need to do to accomplish that major goal?
 Okay, so here's the sub things I if it was if it was to comic club. Okay, if I wanted to comic club boy
 I do okay. Well every single day I gotta be publishing something right so I gotta publish something Russell says publish day
 They're gonna publish something number two. I gotta be creating offers. What's the offer? I'm gonna create you know
 What's the offer I got creating offers number three? I need to be driving traffic and be getting on people's podcast
 And you be getting interviewed and you're doing stuff right so I figure out what are the steps?
 What are the the sub things you need to actually be successful right so let's those out okay?
 Then I had everybody go down. Okay. What's the date that you're going to accomplish this by you?
 You have a tangible date like I'm gonna say title win or I don't know someday
 I'm gonna get your stomach up when I don't know someday now you like you need to make a date
 So you got something you're marching towards I need to do to comic club before funnel hacking on right funnel hacking
 That's 2022 whatever that is right like you pick a tangible date. This is the date that I will hit that thing right
 So the date and then ask that was like how are you to celebrate after you achieve it?
 Okay, because we always want there's always like the stick and the carrot right the stick is what the thing is
 Can kick your butt moving you forward as the goals
 That's the routines of all something to pushing you forward
 But then the carrot the ends the thing that's driving it's like oh I want that for me
 I want to win a state title because I want to get my hand raise like that feeling I wanted that right
 It's a lot of you guys do to comic club you want to get the award on stage right six pack
 As I want to take my shirt off and have my wife like dang
 I want to wash my clothes on your abs right whenever that thing is for you right
 But how are you gonna celebrate okay?
 So I attached the date to the goal and how I'm gonna celebrate
 All right
 Now if that was done then I hand out everybody this weekly schedule and I printed them out on paper basically
 It was like Monday through Sunday and it has a time
 The columns right we build something sell sheet
 So there's a Monday column Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Sunday and then down the side are the time so 5 30 am 6
 37 7 30 so there's all these sales down the side like excel style right
 All the way down till 11 30 p.m. So we hand this thing out
 So it's like a big huge grid of every hour of the week
 I said okay for you to actually be successful like how people set New Year's resolutions New Year's goals and
 You know they come in on January 2nd and there's 8,000 people in the gym and you come in February 2nd
 And there's no one in the gym right because no one sticks to their goals and reason why is because they have these lofty goals
 Like all I'm gonna get in shape, but they're not tangible. They're not trackable
 They have no why they're not following any kind of guide and they don't have those sub steps to do it
 Okay, so you guys have these things now you have these sub steps you take the sub steps and you plug them into a routine
 Okay, when I was wrestling, I knew that if I was gonna be successful wrestling
 I couldn't just like hopefully hit miss things and hopefully I have success
 I said okay if I'm gonna be successful I have to run every morning so I took my little my little routine calendar
 I said every morning at whatever six from six to seven a.m. This is my running time and I block out those hours
 And it became sacred time to me from six seven a.m. I am running and nothing else right
 That's okay. I have practice every day from two to five. So two to five is blocked out
 This is a wrestling practice work my skill set right and then I said okay from five
 To six my dad's coming or we're drilling like actual drilling right and then over here
 This is where I'm gonna be doing and I blocked out those times on my calendar that it came sacred time where every summer
 I wake up and I didn't have to think I said okay boom six o'clock
 This is red due to achieve if I want to get that goal
 This is the daily task I have to do to achieve that goal right and I mapped it out was blocked out of my calendar sacred
 And so with these kids I just say it's okay. You got your physical your intellectual or social and your spiritual goals
 What are the things you need to block out on your calendar right if your spiritual goals like you got to read scriptures every day
 Right so plug it in right if you got to do whatever every day like you're plugging in it if you got a
 If you're publishing content every day right every day I'm recording a podcast you block it out of time every day at 6 30
 I know I'm recording a podcast that's sacred time
 I'm not messing with it right so I had to do this on this piece of paper
 So they could see it visually and that's okay now go back into your phone on your calendar and like plug those times into your calendar on your
 Phone now you've got them right now that they're plugged in there
 You've got them like the phone will pop up every day be like hey time to go do this thing and you can actually do things
 Okay, and I said building out the routines are the things that make it so that all the stuff starts flowing up
 So you can actually reach and achieve your goal eventually and so that's kind of
 The framework we gave people and the last thing it is I said okay the other thing you got to do is it once a week
 You've got to have like a return to report with yourself like a reflection time
 You're coming back and saying how did you okay?
 It's the reality was gonna probably happen after the first seven days you're done you sit down you're like okay
 I told myself I was gonna publish every single day. I literally didn't I did it two days this week
 I did it once that sucks, but next week. I'm gonna recommit. I'm gonna do better you look back at your your calendar
 So I can recommit. I'm gonna do better this time you rebuild that okay now. We're gonna do it right
 That becomes the next thing and then next week you come back and you still look at your look you calendar
 How did I do well? I did three days this week instead of I do the seven like I promised myself okay?
 That's all right
 I'm gonna recommit and start over again right and keep looking at every day every week you make the adjustments like how do my
 Times how am I feeling that do enough stuff that I not doing stuff to go to any tweak right every seven days
 You have a chance to rebuild come back and and refix that thing and keep going and keep doing that consistently
 So it's gonna happen the first week you're not gonna see many changes
 Okay within a month
 You might be starting to learn some things within six months in the year within five years and ten years like your destiny will be different
 That's the key so
 Anyway, I wish I could do this with the work his sheets and handouts with you guys because it'd be it'd be more impactful
 but I want to show you guys that because
 That's how I set my goals. It's not just a lofty goal right or else what your goals?
 These my goals like cool. How you gonna achieve them okay?
 Well, it's more than that say hey, what's my goal?
 Why do I want that and I want to amplify that desire as much as I can I'm making emotional so that I feel it
 I desire it I want it okay, and then I figure out a guy I'm not gonna go make this stuff on my own like who's already got this stuff figured out
 Who's the who am I gonna model who's got a framework? I'm gonna buy it from that person then to read the book
 I'm gonna do the thing whatever I need to do build out subsets plug the subsets into a routine and that routine becomes sacred time
 And now I just go do my daily business and I don't miss my sacred time if I do that all the other things kind of rise back up
 Right I do the day the daily routines that helps me and I'm plugging in everything
 I learn from the guy in today routines right so do the day to day routines. I'm following the guide
 My why gets what gets amplified more and more as I go and eventually I hit my goal that is the secret
 So anyway, I hope it helps you guys. I don't know talk a lot about goal setting things like that in most of my things
 But since I had a chance to teach that class
 It was just fun time for me to reflect and think on it and hopefully there's some value for you guys in that as well
 So with that said let me know if you guys want to hear more stuff like this you're normally just talk marketing, but
 There's other stuff fun stuff I got my
 Good idea as well. Maybe I should share some more of those kind of things with you guys anyway
 I appreciate you all thanks so much for everything
 If you haven't come to fun like you might have yet you need to come we're preparing for it this year's gonna be insane
 Tickets are on for sale right now. They're selling faster than ever before. It's kind of crazy
 Probably because it's like kind of a hybrid event this year is probably the only year we'll do five fun like you
 I have hybrid where it's virtual and in person
 But make sure you take us because it's gonna be insane. That's it. Thanks. You guys appreciate you all and we'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay, and the phone over you text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm gonna be giving out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
