 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today, I want to talk to you about something very cool and very important.
 It is adding more distribution channels to protect your business from the inevitable.
 The big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world?
 What still remains profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right, so if you've read traffic secrets, you've heard me talk a lot about this, about
 the fact that traffic changes all the time, Google Slaps and Facebook snaps and all the
 things that are happening.
 And so for me, I'm always looking at how do I protect my business, how do I protect
 my distribution channels?
 And so for you, my question is, what are you doing?
 Do you have a list?
 Do you have multiple lists?
 There's a time when if you had a big fan base page on Facebook, you send a, you post
 a video or something, you get millions of views.
 And now the reach died, right?
 Some people have email lists and they were sending emails back 10, 15 years ago, getting
 56% open rate.
 We're now, you're lucky if you get 20%, right?
 You have your Instagram following your YouTube channel, all these things, right?
 And there's times when they're really good and you get a lot of traffic and things from
 it.
 And so it goes down and you can lose tons of the effort you put into something.
 And so I'm all about diversification and protecting your assets and protecting yourself.
 And there's new platform that's came out.
 I'm excited for it.
 I've seen it for a while.
 I saw Gary Vee user, I saw other people use it.
 And it's this really cool platform called Community.
 And, but it's something that I've, I kind of fought against a little bit until this weekend,
 I was actually speaking at Tony Robbins event, hanging out with the speakers afterwards and
 Trent Sheldon.
 If you don't know Trent, he is awesome.
 Such a cool dude.
 And he was showing me his community platform.
 I think, I don't know the exact numbers.
 He has like almost 100,000 people that are on his texting platform.
 And he spends time every day trying to respond to as many people as he can.
 But then every morning he sends out a mass text with different quotes and things like
 that.
 And then when he has a new video come out or a new, you know, a new offer or whatever,
 his new book comes out, he sends a text message out letting people know about, here's my
 new video.
 Go check it out and go comment it.
 Here's my new thing, whatever.
 So crazy is it bypasses all the traditional things, right?
 Bypasses email, bypasses, Zuckerberg or, you know, YouTube or whatever.
 Bypasses everything gets directly into people's phones and he'll show me his stats and his
 crazy, their open rate on his text, like 90 something percent versus email, which you're
 lucky if you got 15 to 20 percent.
 But his click-through rate's like 23 percent, which typical email you're looking at like
 one to 3 percent click-through rate.
 So it was crazy.
 And then I got excited.
 So I started my community, I joined the community platform.
 I started, I sent out something to Instagram last night just to see how it worked.
 And I got hundreds of people who joined it and I spent all my last night having conversations
 with people.
 It was so much fun.
 And my goal over next, you know, year or so was try to build that list up to 100,000
 people, right?
 It's another distribution channel, something that I, that if email disappears, I still
 have this distribution channel that can bypass email, can bypass other things, right?
 And so it's really cool.
 In fact, if you guys want to see, I'll just say, you know, I'm going to see a lot of
 people.
 I'm doing experiment.
 In fact, there's an ad that's going to run through this podcast episode.
 I just created the ad to start promoting.
 I'm going to start putting this in every single podcast episode because I want you guys joining
 this thing.
 Because that way you'll know, I'll notify you whenever new podcast episode comes out, plus
 you can get free quotes and I'm going to be sending out different frameworks and I want
 you to really cool things to text every day.
 And I want to make sure you're on that list.
 So to get on the list, all you got to do is text spirit out, area code 208-231-3797.
 Okay.
 One more time is 208-231-3797.
 If you text me there, you'll see the process.
 And it's cool.
 You'll text me and you'll get a message back.
 They'll be like, basically, "Hey, go join the community."
 And that way it adds you to my phone and then I can see you and your name, how old you are,
 your birthday, all that kind of stuff.
 It's kind of cool.
 And it'll send you my V card where then you can add that to your phone and you'll see
 a message for me.
 So it's pretty cool.
 So when you guys test it out, so you can see the process.
 Hey, everyone.
 I wanted to quickly interrupt this podcast episode to let you know about something really
 cool that I just started doing that I want you to be part of.
 I just opened up a texting community, which means you can text me your questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions through text messages to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Okay.
 Now the phone number you need to text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back
 a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community, so I'm going to be giving you a free swag,
 giving me away free copies of my book.
 Let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole
 bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 But I'm sharing this because maybe you're going to use community in your business, maybe
 you won't.
 It doesn't matter.
 I just want you guys all thinking about adding multiple distribution channels to everything
 that you're doing.
 What are the new distribution channels you can do?
 The other ones I'm looking at, there's a really cool tool called Push Crew.
 There's a couple of companies that do this, but basically what happens is it's on your
 Chrome browser when someone comes to your page.
 It can drop down and says, "Hey, join notifications from Russell or from Neil Patel or from whoever
 I see Neil Patel is probably the guy doing the best in our industry."
 And you click on it and now he can send out broadcast to you through your browser.
 So let's say Google shuts you down, but if you're using Chrome, you can open up and
 you can send notifications to people through their Chrome browser, which is so cool.
 So another distribution channel, which I'm going to be focusing on heavily in building
 that list up as well.
 I just, I don't know, as long as I've been in business, I just know that you lose your
 distribution channel and you're in trouble.
 You'll see some cool moves I'm doing in the next week or two.
 I'll probably be announcing next week, maybe two weeks from now.
 I'm acquiring a company specifically because I want their distribution channel and it's
 a different distribution channel.
 It's an offline distribution channel.
 But I'm acquiring the company specifically because I want the distribution channel.
 If you look at, I talk about some traffic secrets, but you look at Shark Tank.
 All the sharks that are there are there because they understand they know one distribution
 channel.
 Like Damon John, his distribution channel is retail.
 He's looking at clothing down these distribution channels.
 He spent his career building this distribution channel.
 He's a new product.
 He's like, "I know my buyers will want this."
 He can push it through his distribution channel.
 Other sharks are good at infomercials.
 Lori, your nearest would get a QVC.
 If she sees the product, she's like, "I can put this on QVC and make a ton of money because
 I know exactly how that game is played."
 Every shark has a different distribution channel they're good at.
 For us, as internet nerds, what are our distribution channels?
 We have our email list, which is big, which is still probably the most profitable distribution
 channel we have in our company.
 If you have email lists, you have your social followings, your followings at Instagram,
 YouTube, Facebook, things like that.
 Facebook Messenger was awesome for about a year as a distribution channel.
 Then it literally disappeared.
 It doesn't work very well anymore.
 For a while, that was awesome.
 We were building up and having so much fun until it stopped being amazing.
 They're always coming and they're going.
 I think text message is a big one I'm going to be focusing on now.
 Push Cruise and other ones.
 It's like, "What are the distribution channels you can build to give you and your business
 stability?"
 The only thing that we know is not going to change in our business is the fact it's
 going to change all the time.
 Anyway, that's what I want to share with you guys just thinking about that.
 If you want us to come and play in the new distribution channel that I'm doing, which
 is this community app, which I'm really excited for, then like I said, text me, "208-231-3797."
 Just text me anything.
 You can be like, "Blah."
 Then it opens the live chat with me.
 Then you can ask me a question.
 Right now, in the last 12 hours since I launched this, I've answered hundreds and hundreds of
 text messages.
 Some people are freaking out.
 It's kind of fun.
 I won't be able to keep up the pace as I go from a couple hundred people to a couple thousand
 to hopefully a hundred thousand people.
 But as right now, I'm trying to respond to many questions as I can.
 I'm going to spend probably 20, 30 minutes a day responding to questions.
 Feel free to come, drop me a message, and hopefully I'll have a chance to respond to
 you personally.
 I appreciate you.
 Thanks for hanging out.
 Like I said, give me a text.
 Thanks everybody.
 We'll talk to you soon.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I wanted to invite you to join arguably the best thing that we've ever
 put out inside the ClickFunnels community.
 And it is a challenge we call the One Funnel Way Challenge.
 You know, everyone in their business, in their life, they're one funnel away from something.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from getting more impact.
 Some of you guys are funnel away from growing your company to the next level.
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next
 funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business, this challenge is going to help you understand
 the strategy, help you understand the tactics, help you understand all the things you need
 to be successful with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything, pause the audio, go online and go to onefunnelway.com.
 That's onefunnelway.com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days, so go get started right now.
 Onefunnelway.com.
 [Music]
