 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson and today I need to talk to you about Mr. Miyagi
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, this is a deal years ago years ago
 I had a chance to first off first time ever watch karate kid with Mr. Miyagi now
 I'm sure you guys all remember the moment you watch that movie you have me have pause this right now and go
 To somewhere we can go watch the original karate kid
 I'm gonna watch my kids tonight because I just learned a life lesson that's gonna change everything for me my company because I
 watched that when I was like 10 years old and I remember watching as a kid and actually being freaked out because
 There some violence right like I remember on the beach when he got punched in the gut and like this
 I remember there's a soccer ball. I remember the but I remember being traumatized here. I was just like oh
 and
 So that may not be good for my kids to watch but the other part was really good
 So if you remember this thing like finally Daniel sounds like I have to go and learn karate
 He's like I learned karate at the Y but I got beat up by these Cobra con guys and like I gotta learn how to be legit and so
 I knew you watch the movie. This is this is my memory from like 20 years ago
 So I remember he he goes to a Halloween party. He's dressed up like a shower
 He goes and messes with the dude and the dude chases him out and guys like I'll skeleton up and then catch him at the fence and beats
 The trash I've just beats him like almost to death and then Mr. Miyagi
 Slowly comes out from the cook from the from the shadows right and thrashes all those dudes
 I just destroys him and Daniel sounds like looking up and sees it's Mr. Miyagi
 So he's like I gotta learn karate from Mr. Miyagi
 Yes, so I probably messed up some of the details, but that's my brain remembers
 So finally he goes he's like Mr. Miyagi. I've got to learn how to do this stuff
 What's the Mr. Miyagi's like all right come here? Let me show you if you really want to show you
 He's rocks him out to the car a lot. He's like okay. Here's all these cars. He's like wax on
 Wax off
 wax on wax off right he gives him the the pad of papers like wax on wax off and
 Daniel sends like kind of annoyed be like alright
 I'm gonna do what my trainer says he does this wax on wax off
 He ends up waxing like I don't dozen cars or something and he goes okay, Mr. Miyagi
 I'm like that was a payment. I'm ready to learn. I'm ready learn karate. He's like no no no
 You're not ready yet. Come here and he's like let's paint the fence
 He's like up with and so he starts painting the fence
 They know you're doing it wrong like up this way down this way up this way down this way so you ship that room and
 He goes and paints these fences and he's doing three or four projects for Mr. Miyagi like that finds you in noise like he comes back
 He's our young mr. Miyagi like no I came here to learn karate
 Do I understand uh and then mr. Miyagi if my memory serves me right throws a punch at him and instinctively Danny sounds like whoop
 He wax the fence and blocks it and he's like huh if there's another punch
 What should you wax to the car or wax to the car the other way blocks it and then he doesn't know something else
 He paints the fence and blocks it and Austin
 He's doing these things and he blocks all the punches and also he's like oh
 I have been learning karate this whole time okay, so I tell you this because I think this week
 I had an epiphany about how I teach now I have tried over the last decade and half to learn how to be a good teacher
 I
 think I
 Think there's pros and cons with my teaching style. I think I talked too fast, which is hard for some people
 I get it. I apologize in advance. I have tried and I'm a lot slower than I used to be it's just I
 Don't know I get excited I go fast. So there's that I've tried to simplify things
 I try to simplify things down to doodles and stories and and I've really put a lot of effort into that
 Which I think is why my books are so well and why people have learned from it because I've simplified the process so much
 And sometimes they do they must listen to me on like half speed to be able to to catch up all the words
 But I think the biggest realization I've had was this week
 We're working on a few remember last year. We did the unlock secrets event for families and kids and it was such a great experience
 We're gonna do it again this year, but then
 COVID-19, thank you very much, Mr. Corona. We're able to do that
 So we're doing all my inversion
 So I was like I want to read kind of spruce up this curriculum to do it and as I started doing it
 I realized that
 The way I taught it last time and the way I've taught most things
 Not that it's bad that there's a time in a place for but everything was taught very much based on principles, right?
 Where I here's the principal right dream 100. Here's how it works. Let's go do it
 I tell the story at all stuff, you know, let's get and then here's here's how to make an offer we tell stories
 We exercise we do it and it's good, but the problem is like each those things are happening independently
 It's like wrestling if I go to wrestling on my okay, we're gonna practice
 A drop step so I do drop step we do 10 20 30 100 500 of them, right?
 It's like hey, I did that now
 It's like how does like how does that make me better wrestler?
 I don't understand Jake will drop this the first part of your shot to go shoot take a minute
 Oh, well then can I do the drop step?
 But how do I how do I actually shoot now and like okay?
 Well now you do the drop step and now you got to put your head here and your hand here and you're like and then fall through
 This is how you do the thing right? It sounds like there's the drop step
 There's the fall through there's like the three four things that make the shot actually happen
 And so like I can learn each individually, but what not until I learn all three of them put them together
 I can actually do a shot right so it's actually better to teach kids like show them a full shot having trained that and
 Until they get that in their motions and then you go back and you can break down the pieces individually
 Okay, your drops that your legs are too far apart these cut you know and get those things perfected as opposed to just doing the principal
 Like here's a principal this part this part this part
 It's we know that intuitive in sports of mathematics, right?
 But in teaching concepts it's harder
 So I think I think in the past I've been good job of teaching these little principles and I think for a lot of you
 We can grab those things you glue together right you can figure out okay
 There's part this part shot this part this part and you can kind of glue together till you've got the shot figured out
 But for the masses for a lot of people especially like I'm doing this curriculum for family
 So I think I've got my kids there. I've got adults. I've got I need to make it stimulating for the adults and you make it
 But also the way that the kids understand it, but then anyway, so I'm going through the saying and like two days ago
 I had this epiphany. I was like oh my gosh, I'm teaching the principal
 They know what to do, but they don't really know why to do it right and I was like looking at different as like hey instead of
 Instead of me
 Like for example one of the principles I tell people's like how do you?
 You need to pick your dream customer rights I talk about dream customer why it's important and then because exercise what I do
 I have everyone go pick your dream customer. So they sit there and they're like, okay, I need a customer like
 People are cool and they kind of like there's no context or something
 so they do it like they have it, but it's not powerful and then people don't do anything with it, right and um
 I think it's tough right or I'm like here's you need a dream 100 so billyless they billyless dream 100
 They have all these names, but there's no like
 There's not tied to like to the to a thing and so they don't do anything with it or they don't do
 They don't go all the way with it. So it's just fragmenting learning. So my thought with with this event that I'm so excited for
 Um, the shift is like, okay instead of me teaching you to go figure out your dream customer is
 Like the the the exercise we're doing is we're launching a show right so launching a podcast or youtube channel
 Whatever, right? So it's like that's the first thing for launching the show and then what we're gonna call it
 What's the result you're gonna get someone for like figuring out all those pieces of it and then after we got the the context like this
 Is what we're doing and why we're doing it? It's gonna be amazing and like hope people like feel and touch and visualize
 The excitement of the end result of this thing that's gonna happen
 Right now they've got context and then coming back say okay
 Who's the person that's gonna be listening?
 Who's your dream customer? Like who's the person you want to create the show for and now there's like this energy and this magic behind
 Or it's like oh these are people and and like it makes that principle powerful right
 Um
 Standing for the dream 100 right?
 I said now it's like a fine your dream 100 already retarded audience is already already congregated and people make lists of it all the time
 And they don't do anything with it where if I come back and it's like to the context like okay
 We have the show now. Um, all right. We need to get traffic to your show
 We need to like get this thing built up
 And so I want to get traffic from Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube for all of our channels
 So you're gonna find 10 people on each channel that you can interview people that if you interview them
 They were to share it or tweet it or whatever
 Then they'll have people that will follow like they'll come and watch their episode like who are those people or you could like buy ads to
 Other people that come to show who attend people on each platform and have a map out
 Okay, here's 10 people and can't go contact those people and get them on an interview
 They do that you know on five or six platforms and contacted 50 people in all sense like okay
 Just so you know you just build your dream 100 list like what like yeah
 Um, and you've already contacted you get to know it
 But I don't tell me I don't even tell them that tells too late tell us like, you know
 Cause let's say like you need to build your 100. I was like oh, I've heard this before
 So you said it 500 times they do it and they don't do it. It's like, okay, let me let me make practical
 um
 Training like practical things where we're something that I can get you excited by because the end results
 So sexy and exciting and fun and like and and something that you're just gonna you want to do
 And then and then we do that thing and in the process you you're doing the principles and the end of it
 I come back so okay, just you know, this is the things that happen because of this exercise you did
 We have a dream 100 list we have your who you're trying to serve
 We have like all the pieces are in place now and like oh my gosh and now they're aware of it
 But they saw it in context and I think come back so okay now you have your dream 100
 You've already contacted first 50 was flushed out. Who else who else was built out deeper?
 You know and now is like there's there's there's context to it's now. It's easy to do it
 um, anyway, so I don't know the practical application of all the principles yet, but basically what we're doing is
 I'm going through the dot com secrets x for secrets traffic secrets book and weaving those all into
 activities that a family can do together. It's fun. That's exciting. It's stimulating. That's like that's
 Ah, that's just exciting in the end of it. It's like okay. This is the the principles from the books
 You just did in practical application and now that you know you can go back and study it now
 You can go deeper and geek out and figure out that the intricacies and become better at it
 But we just did it once without them even though they did it. So, um, I think it's next level of teaching and training
 I'm not sure yet. I'm pretty sure though, but we'll find out
 The unlock the secrets event that we're doing is for people who are on a two-comma club collective coaching program
 Um, and so that's happening. Yes, little some of you guys are in there. It's going to be amazing
 Um, we're probably going to open the doors on that before the live training starts maybe
 Um, so it's not open right now, but just keep your eyes open pay attention listen what we're doing and
 Um, there may be an opportunity for you to be part of it, but it's going to be really really cool
 And we started I'm excited test out this new this new style of training
 Um, mr. Miyagi style paint the fence wax on wax off that way people were just
 The noted deeper level is like daniel son knew it
 Deeper level because he did 100,000 reps like this and when the when the punch came boom
 He's able to block it for you guys saying that you have done the exercise or had fun
 You mean creating the thing and also it's like oh, that's where those work
 How many times by the way have you guys had success or something and then you're reading one of my bookshake?
 Oh, that's what I did. I didn't know that's what I did
 Like you've read the traffic secrets book. I tell the story about um
 Rachel hall us and like she did the dream 100
 She knows called that though, but she did the dream 100 and I quoted her in there
 And she it's funny because she read the book and I was like, hey, did you see the section right told how you did the thing?
 She's like, yeah, like I didn't realize that's what we were doing, but you're right
 And I say now that you're aware of it now we can amplify it right a lot of times we do things that were like were
 Unconsciously competent we do something well and we don't really know why but when we become aware of it and we get our eyes
 Are detention drawn to it then we can go in and we can figure out how to amplify and magnify it make it better and better and better
 and so that's my goal is to get people's situations and and
 Experiments and fun things that are exciting that force you to do the process
 And and to do all the principles you're learning about and then come back afterwards and that here's the principles used applied
 Now we can amplify now we can really take it to next level. So anyway, I'm excited
 I'll you know how it goes, but hopefully gives you ideas for the way you're teaching where you're coaching as well and um
 Yeah, always try to feel always make it simpler and better and easier for people
 That's the secret don't stop. Do you make it simpler and makes you more valuable to to your market to your people?
 That's the way we're money. So all right with that said i'm gonna bounce i'm gonna get some work done today on the new unlock the secrets
 virtual training event for uh the families of my two comical collective so it's gonna be fun and hopefully a chance to go through when it goes
 Live thanks everybody and we'll talk soon. Bye
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the click phones community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel way from something some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are funnel way from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand
 This strategy help you understand the tactics don't understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So, uh, I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
