 Hey, what's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Oh, do I have a treat for you today?
 So this week I had a chance to interview Tony Robbins because a couple reasons.
 Number one, we are doing the Own Your Future Challenge.
 It's coming up.
 Depending on when you're listening to this, it's probably happening right now.
 And you can actually go sign up for that for free at takethechallenge.com.
 In fact, I would recommend pausing this go sign up just so you got it.
 But take the challenge.com, a challenge about how to own your future and how to do a bunch
 of really cool things.
 So because the challenge is happening and Tony and Dean are doing this with a whole
 bunch of other amazing people, I had a really rare opportunity to interview Tony.
 They said, "Hey, do you want to interview Tony for your podcast and your YouTube channel,
 all these things?"
 And of course, my answer was yes.
 But I told them, I was like, "I don't really want to do an interview like everybody else
 is doing an interview.
 I want to do an interview based on things that I'm actually working on right now."
 So right now, as some of you know, I'm writing a book.
 My first personal development book ever, that's all I'm telling you.
 But a lot of what is in there is things I learned from Tony and just principles and
 things I learned from him a decade and a half ago that shifted my future and changed my
 destiny.
 And so I said, I want to ask you some questions a little different than everybody else.
 And he said, "Sure."
 So I had a chance to ask him a whole bunch of really cool questions.
 I had a chance to ask him the difference between the science of achievement and the
 art of fulfillment.
 How can people can go achieve everything but be miserable?
 How can people have nothing but be happy?
 And how do these things work together?
 These are like yin and yin.
 How do they work together?
 And I was able to ask him directly.
 I started asking about the six human needs, which is one of my favorite topics of all
 time.
 The biggest impact on me from Tony and then how he gets from growth, the contribution.
 And anyway, it was amazing.
 It was so much fun.
 So you guys are lucky because you have a chance to listen to right now.
 So what I'm going to do is I'm going to give you the link again, go to takethechallenge.com,
 go sign up for the free challenge.
 Now we have a chance to hear from Dean from Tony, from me, from Jenna, from Trent Sheldon,
 from Jamie Kurnley, from Brenda Bouchard, from a whole bunch of just amazing people.
 And it's a great free challenge to go sign up for at jointhechallenge.com.
 And then come back and listen to my interview with Tony.
 And I hope you enjoy it.
 It's going to be a lot of fun.
 And with that said, I'm going to keep a theme song.
 When I come back, you have a chance to hear my interview with Tony Robbins about all the
 cool things I wanted to ask him.
 Ah, how cool is that?
 All right.
 Let's see you guys here in a minute.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question in this podcast.
 I will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 What's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 I'm here today with the one and only Tony Robbins and we're going to be talking about
 a whole bunch of really cool things right now.
 There's a challenge coming up right now.
 The next action is happening right now as this is being recorded.
 And a lot of you guys watching called the Own Your Future Challenge.
 And we'll talk more about that here in a minute.
 But before we do, I have this really unique and exciting opportunity to ask Tony a couple
 of questions.
 And so I hope you guys enjoy some of the questions like I'm going to be enjoying this because
 he's someone I've been studying and learning from now for, man, probably 20 something years
 and had a chance to know you now for probably 13, 14 years, which is really, really cool.
 And it's not often I could ask you questions.
 So now I've got you for 20 or 30 minutes.
 I'm excited to do that.
 So how are you feeling today, Tony?
 I'm very awesome buddy.
 Well obviously the challenge we're going to be talking about more towards the end is
 about owning your future.
 This is this thing that we're trying to go towards and especially right now after all
 of the season we've all been through where there's so much chaos and change and everything.
 And now it's like, OK, let's get background and look towards the future.
 But I wanted to kind of start off probably differently than some people have asked you
 just because I'm in the middle of working on a book right now.
 And in the book I'm trying to figure out this thing that I heard originally from you.
 You talked about this concept of the science of achievement versus the art of fulfillment.
 And this is something in my life, especially as I'm trying to own my future and try to
 go this direction, I've found multiple times where I've achieved something in my life and
 then expecting to be super fulfilled and excited and having almost the opposite effect happen.
 I would love to hear some of your thoughts about just those two, like the yin yang between
 achievement and fulfillment and maybe why they're not exactly the same and how we can
 get more success feeling fulfilled when we do have success.
 I was trying very years ago I was trying to figure out like how do you really define
 an extraordinary life, right?
 Not just success.
 Success for most people I think means getting what they want.
 I think fulfillment is given what you're made for.
 And I think that the challenge for most people is as we're growing up and we're developing
 our skill and our ability to start the master our own world, there's at least in Western
 culture there's a huge push for us all to be achievers and most of us have been so rewarded
 for that.
 And you're podcast because of it, you're doing podcast because we've both managed to pull
 that off.
 But as you've discovered is you know what 41 did you say?
 Yep 41 years old, there's a stage in your life where you start to wake up and go, you
 know, it's not enough to just be successful.
 It's not enough to just be financially free.
 You know, I know that sounds crazy to someone who's not there yet, but you don't have to
 wait until your financial degree to have this sense of fulfillment.
 So what I propose to people is that life requires two master skills.
 No number one is the science of achievement, which means the ability to take whatever you
 envision and make it real, right?
 Turn invisible into the visible.
 To me that's a spiritual process.
 But how do I go from I have this idea to living that idea or delivering that idea to millions
 of people around the world.
 To me that's science.
 And the reason I say that is science is because it's duplicated.
 Like you know, if I want to make more money, I can go as I did interview a hundred of the
 smartest, major people in the world and find out exactly what they did.
 And they all did different things, but there's certain universal patterns that I did in
 the money master game and then shakeable and so forth.
 And when you understand them, if you sow the same seeds, you read the same reward.
 So in the financial world, it's a science, right?
 That's achievement.
 If you're looking at your health, it's a certain amount of science, meaning we're all
 biochemically unique, right?
 Russell, but everybody has certain fundamentals.
 And if you violate them, you're going to have disease or low energy, right?
 If you align with them, you're going to have an abundance of vitality and energy.
 So that's science, but fulfillment is an art.
 That's why I said there's two skills, right?
 The science of achievement, which you can duplicate and learn and I've taught for decades.
 You have as well an extraordinary job of it.
 But then the art of fulfillment and the reason I call it the art is because it isn't the
 science because it's different for every single person.
 That's why most people miss out on it.
 First, we miss out on it because they're so focused on achievement and they think that's
 going to be built.
 But I ask your audience, you know, even yourself, think of something, you and I talk about this
 about, I think it's something you would cheat that you worked your tail off to achieve and
 then your teeth and then your brain said, is this all there is?
 Or worse, you know, how about something you achieved and you really were happy about it,
 but how long did you stay happy?
 You made this incredible achievement to a few years to get to where you happy for the
 next five years because of it?
 The next year?
 The next six months?
 The next three months?
 The next morning you wake up.
 Most people are somewhere between three hours and three weeks maximum before they go right
 back to where they were because the brain adjusts.
 It adjusts because we're not made to sit around and just be fulfilled.
 We're made to grow.
 And so the great part of achievement is a cause you describe for growth.
 The problem is people just keep being a hamster on the wheel trying to achieve more and they
 aren't making sure along the way they're fulfilled.
 So I believe these are both critically important.
 And if you ask me honestly, which one's more important, it's fulfillment because success
 without fulfillment is the ultimate failure.
 I mean, I interviewed 50 self-made billionaires, the smartest financial investors in the history
 of the world for money master game.
 I did it over two and a half years and about maybe 12, 13 of them are really good friends
 now.
 And I can tell you how do I do the 50 and this is zero judgment?
 Maybe four of them are happy people.
 Now you all see money makes you unhappy.
 No, money just magnifies who you are.
 You're a meaner, more to be mean with it.
 You're giving a board a give.
 Right?
 It doesn't change anything.
 But these people, they're not that people.
 They're brilliant people, but they're so brilliant in one area and they missed the fulfillment
 set up to see one of these men, you know, arguing with his wife and kid because they
 bought some jewelry that I think goes around $2,500 and the guy is a multi-multibillionaire.
 He couldn't spend all his money in all the years to get in fact, I was within his own
 family because of his mindset.
 You know, there are some people for example, you know, Paul Tudor was with me the other
 day and he was talking about a neighbor because I won't mention a name.
 But the guy is in a 40 million dollar home.
 He goes over with his young son, this is a few years ago, Paul Tudor.
 And the guy has his own, you know, grass tennis court.
 Paul's that I've never seen that part.
 Paul's a billionaire when the smartest financial people in the world.
 And bottom way he goes, your son opened one of a can of balls.
 The son I think was like five or six years, seven at the time.
 The guy went crazy.
 You know, those balls when you open them up, they lose their pressure.
 That's $298.
 I was like, bad boy, okay, I'll give you the $3.
 So some people, it doesn't matter how much they achieve, they're not experiencing the
 fulfillment and it's more people than you would think.
 That's just an extreme example to give people's attention.
 So my whole thing is the art of the film is finding what makes you happy and it's different
 for everybody.
 Now if you can find a way to achieve that, be fulfilled.
 That's pretty awesome.
 But most people get so caught up in achievement, they miss that other side.
 There's a, you think about the guys that, you know, the first of all, the astronauts
 have walked on the moon.
 Now you got to think about these guys.
 Imagine you were the 100,000 people competing to be an astronaut walk on the moon and then
 it's down to 10,000.
 And then it's a thousand and then it's a hundred.
 And then you're up in the state scaps of with this rocket structure back and no one
 else for sure is going to make it.
 And you make it to the moon.
 You walk on the moon.
 You come back, you make it safely.
 There's a ticker tape frame for you in New York City.
 You shake the presents and now what do you do for the rest of your life for adventure?
 You can't match that.
 You're 34 years old and pretty much everyone they were.
 But I do a certain 45 years old.
 I got to interview three of them later on in life.
 Almost all of them ended up with drug and alcohol problems.
 And they talked about it quite openly because they forgot to find adventure and a smile.
 So they got this one big achievement.
 And how long does that last?
 It's historic, but the emotion of it, you know, it's not the same as the years go like this.
 We're made to keep growing.
 What makes you fulfill is growth.
 Do you want to know what makes you happy?
 It's called progress.
 Progress equals happiness.
 If you're making progress, even if you're not there yet, you're going to be lit up.
 Your weight isn't where you want it to be, but sure enough, you decide to start out a
 process and you're trying to feel better physically.
 You lose a few inches and you feel some energy and momentum.
 You're lit up.
 You're the ideal weight and you just stay there.
 You feel progress?
 It doesn't feel very alive.
 So we have to find a way to make progress and it's different for everybody.
 Some people find it in music.
 Some people find it by serving, you know, the non-profits.
 Some people find it with their kids, but you got to find what lets you up.
 And again, it's different forever.
 So I'm curious.
 People who are going through this, the only future challenge, they're going to be given
 a very scientific like, here's the steps to have success in one area of something, right?
 And so like, what would be the biggest thing for them?
 Or are you just one thing they could anchor themselves as they're going through that to
 make sure that they're not missing the fulfillment during this journey they're kind of going
 through?
 I think it's helpful to think of this in sequences because it's hard for the human brain to do
 everything, right?
 You know, if you're doing really great in your business, often you're not taking care
 of your body.
 Or if you're doing good in your business and your body off and your relationship doesn't
 get enough time.
 Your relationship's doing great.
 You don't spend enough time with your kids.
 If your kids are doing great, often some of your finances aren't straight.
 So it's the nature of human being to focus on what they're good at and miss the others.
 You know, I love studying different philosophies.
 Philosophy, even religion, if you step out of it, what is religion designed to be?
 And there are many great religions around the world.
 I'm personally Christian.
 That's what I believe.
 But I don't tell people what to believe.
 But whatever you believe, it's designed to guide you to create a greater quality of life.
 And regardless of what I made, subscribe to, I like to learn from every philosophy because
 we're all human.
 And I go to India usually about twice, about once every two years, I take a group of people
 there.
 And I go to a place called Varanasi.
 It's one of the oldest cities in the world.
 It's like 3,800 years old.
 And what's striking about this location is the people come there because they believe
 in their religion and the Hindu religion.
 If you die in Varanasi, you go to heaven.
 You don't come back.
 Their idea of hell is coming back and reliving everything, right?
 And so they have this experience.
 When somebody dies there, they believe that they don't come back and they're so happy
 to die and they're not so no problem.
 People are dying there.
 And say the lady, I was actually helping a lady who was being helped by the Mother Teresa
 group and she was angry because she wanted to die when you do people messing with me.
 And then they carry the bodies there and they burn the bodies.
 They've been burning bodies 24 hours a day.
 There's what's stacked about 5 story high.
 And then those ashes of the person are putting the ganjis and no one cries because they see
 the body burning as the teacher has gone and now the spirit is breathing.
 So I tell you that because you don't have to subscribe to something to say, wow, that's
 fascinating.
 People pain and death.
 They have this total trust in the universe or God or whatever term you want to use for.
 But they also have what they believe are the four aims of life.
 And they think about a minute sequence.
 And I think it's sometimes useful for people.
 So if you want to jot them down, the first one in the sequence is called ARTHA.
 It's one of the first aims of life.
 And what it really is is security and prosperity.
 And so if you don't have security and prosperity, it's really hard to enjoy the central parts
 of life, you know, for any six standard way.
 It's really hard to feel your sense of purpose when you're worried about whether you can
 feed your family.
 It's really hard to feel that highest spiritual sense.
 It doesn't mean you can't.
 It just means it's harder.
 And so the Indian culture understands that instead of saying this is bad or not spiritual,
 they say, finding your prosperity or security, finding the way to do useful work that you
 feel good about, that you know is helpful.
 But also get you to an economic place where your prosperous is one of the first aims of
 life.
 And then when you get that automatically, the other dimensions start to open up.
 Now you don't have to wait, but it's useful to remember that is where we start.
 That's where I start.
 It's where we all start, right?
 How do I make sure my family's taken care of?
 We don't have enough money for food when I was a kid.
 So this was an obsession for me to get early age.
 We want to do so well.
 We don't have to worry about that stuff.
 But it's not non-spiritual.
 It's about saying this is part of life is anchoring in the science of achievement.
 Think of it that way, right?
 But then the next level is called comma, K-A-M-A.
 And that's pleasure.
 And it's like, okay, now that you have security and prosperity as a base and it's strong,
 you don't have to wait till then.
 The next thing you start developing is like enjoying more of life.
 Pleasure is the driving force of life.
 You've got to find what gives you pleasure.
 That don't just mean sensuality.
 I mean, it can be art, it can be music, it can be serving.
 It's all the different textures of life.
 Because without pleasure, life's pretty bad.
 So instead of going, oh my god, what am I going to do?
 It's like, okay, let me go to this challenge and figure out how to get my security and
 prosperity down.
 Let me figure out a new vehicle.
 Let me figure out how to get money chasing me instead of me chasing money.
 That's really what this challenge starts out with.
 And then the common side is like, how much can I enjoy along the way while I'm learning?
 How much can I enjoy learning?
 Just the experience.
 How much can I enjoy building this business from the very beginning or taking business
 there to the next level?
 That's part of what comma is this finding the pleasure and the expansion and the appreciation
 of life.
 And then the third level is what you and I probably most focused on.
 It would be a Dharma.
 Dharma is like, okay, I got so much security and prosperity and I'm, no, it gives me pleasure
 and life and I found useful work.
 It's like, okay, what's my entire purpose?
 What is that deeper purpose for me at this stage in my life?
 And a lot of people overvalue this because they try to make it something huge.
 You know, for me, it's like my purpose is like, I used to have these long mission statements.
 My purpose for life is to be the most passionate, playful, outrageous, enjoyable, generous,
 giving example of God's grace as I serve millions of people in the mouth like, how can
 I help?
 You know, because that's really what it is.
 It's like I feel when I'm serving, I feel alive.
 So the number one question I got is how can I help?
 Whenever something's coming in, that's the question.
 It's a burning question and it's a beautiful question because it brings joy and love to
 me and to them because most people are happy to have some help from someone who sincerely
 cares.
 And it's not like I have all the answers.
 It's just I have a lot of them because I've made it 61 years and I've traveled to 150
 countries around the world and dealt with tens of millions of people.
 So unfortunately, I'm an idiot.
 I should have ways to be able to help.
 So it's like finding what is it?
 What is that way of life that is true for you at this stage?
 You've got enough security and prosperity and a pleasure.
 It's like, what's it all about?
 And then ultimately it leads to what they call Moshe and MLK, Moksha, MOK, SHA, I believe
 it's not a pronounced error.
 And that's your unity with God.
 Now, does that say you're not unified with God at the beginning?
 Of course not.
 It's just like there's a point where that really becomes the priority in somebody's
 life.
 And in their view, yes, you work on all four of them, but you are going to end the beginning
 to put more focus on securing your life and getting so money, you're not chasing money,
 chasing you and you have freedom for your family, right?
 You're going to the beginning of being more focused on hopefully enjoying the pleasures
 of learning and growing and expanding and building something so you don't miss out.
 And then you certainly want to figure out what your sense is.
 But again, most people are trying to make it so big so they'll feel significant when
 really it's just what lights you up.
 And if you do all those things, it leads to a greater connection to the universe, God,
 whatever you want to call it.
 But even though I'm not Indian and I'm Christian, I still think that general philosophy is a
 helpful way to look at your life and also keep you reading yourself up.
 Because a lot of us are pretty hard, including you, Russell.
 I know you really well on ourselves.
 We expect ourselves to be everything perfect every moment, every time.
 And life is a journey of growing.
 It's like I always tell people, you know, what makes you successful?
 Good judgment, making good decisions.
 What does good judgment come from?
 Experience.
 How does experience come from?
 Often bad judgments.
 How you learned?
 That's so cool.
 When I tried to do it, my life was taken up bad judgments and the good judgments and
 say, let me compress decades and days and share with you so you don't have the load
 by trial and error.
 Show you the shortcuts to those things.
 And that's what I've done with all my events, books, challenges, and everything else.
 So cool.
 Okay.
 The next question I want to ask you about, because when I first, first UPW, UPW I came
 to was in Toronto, I'm really bad at years, but probably 12, 14 years ago, something like
 that.
 And at the time I had, I had some level success, but there were a lot of times in my life where
 I felt like I was doing this personal development, trying to grow.
 And I was trying to contribute.
 I was going through growth and contribution, but sometimes I feel like I had my foot on
 the gas at one moment and then I put on the brake at the other time and I'm spinning around
 and I'm just like, why am I not moving?
 I was so frustrated.
 And one of the tools that you give at UPW that was, for me, probably the first big aha
 I got from you and I had so many sense of it.
 It was the one that was the paradigm shift where I was like, okay, I'm the student's
 now ready to listen to everything you're saying.
 And that's when you start talking about the six human needs.
 And I looked at it because I was looking at growth and contribution, which are the needs
 of the spirit.
 And these are the things I was focusing on, like how do I grow myself?
 How do I contribute?
 But I kept falling back because of the needs of the body, needs of the personality, those
 four needs.
 And because I didn't have those things in order and, you know, we're out of whack or they
 would be for a little while organizing, I could go over here, but then something would
 happen, I'd slip back into them.
 And those kept me from progressing until I learned how to manage those things and get
 them a spot where my needs were being met.
 Then I could go and focus on growth and contribution.
 And I think in this challenge, people are going to be inspired to start doing growth
 and contribution.
 But I don't want them to be like, I was where I had the foot on the gas going forward,
 the foot on the brake.
 I would love if you could talk just a little bit about the four needs of the body and how
 we can like take care of those to make sure that, you know, we're able to actually go
 and focus on growth and contribution.
 Well, it kind of ties in a little bit of what I was just saying.
 I just try to give it to another angle, but you're very astute in this area.
 So for people that don't know, early in my life, early, I don't know, maybe 10, 15 years
 in my career, you know, I've been doing it 44 years.
 I remember I, you know, I traveled to more than 100 countries and I started seeing the
 same patterns.
 Like, you know, obviously when you go to Asia, there's different values, like people value
 the group more than the individuals.
 Saving face is critical in Asia.
 It's very different in America, right?
 So I noticed those differences, but what I noticed the matter, where I went, was you saw
 the same problems, the same arguments, the same problems and relationships, the same issues
 with people's body, you know, same financial issues.
 And I began to realize like, you know, while we do get conditioned, our goals, our dreams,
 our desires may come from some of our conditioning and our life experience, but there's certainly
 inherent needs that all human beings have.
 And I came up with six, not from a book, just from seeing people and then playing with
 it back and forth until I could see that I could cover everything that human beings really
 do.
 And so the bottom line is I found that certainty was the basic fundamental human need of all
 human beings.
 The need to be certain you could avoid pain and that you could have, ideally, some pleasure
 for comfort.
 Think of it as certainty/comfor.
 We all want that because without certainty, comfort, we have pain with continuous pain.
 We have damage, continuous damage equals death.
 So it's actually survival instinct.
 The difference though is that I started as I went through these six needs.
 I started seeing everybody has them, but as I will describe them, it's usually fast.
 There is a difference.
 And the difference is how you value them.
 Like for some people, certainty is the number one thing in life.
 If you change anything, they get upset.
 If you move things on their desk, they freak out, right?
 You change the time they freak out.
 That's an example of certainty.
 Some people get their certainty by doing the same thing every day.
 Some of them get certainty by trusting God's going to guide them.
 Some people get certainty because they've screwed up so much in the past and they still
 came out finding a way in their brain because I know I'll find a way but I don't know what
 it is, right?
 Some of them get certainty by smoking a cigarette because they're all stressed out and they
 take a breath and they breathe in and it's uncomfortable and certain.
 They're going to kill themselves.
 Some of them get certainty by eating food or comfort.
 So everybody out of the meat, the only two differences in human beings are what's the
 order of importance for you.
 That's going to completely change your direction of life.
 If you're certain, you're going to be moving this direction away from the challenge.
 If you're uncertainly driven, meaning it's higher value for you, you're going to be going
 straight at it and direction determines ultimate destination or destiny, right?
 So once I know your direction, I know where you're going.
 I know what challenges you're going to face and what opportunities you're going to have.
 So the difference is different orders and different rules.
 Like some people, I got to do the same thing to be certain.
 Other people, it's kind of trusting God and I'm certain, right?
 Very different.
 Some people work out to be certain.
 They get that strength in their body.
 They're going to rock and roll again.
 They're going to store their certainty and their comfort.
 Some would eat to do it.
 Some of these ways you do are neutral.
 They don't affect you either way, they're just okay.
 Some actually have a negative impact on smoking a cigarette.
 Some have a positive impact, like let's say trusting in God, perhaps you believe in that
 or working out, certainly that's it, all right?
 So the second you mean you go outside of certain is uncertainty, just so your audience knows.
 Uncertainty, variety.
 We all need surprise.
 I ask people to dance like who here loves surprises?
 You're going to raise their hands as I ask a bullshit.
 You like the surprises you want, all right?
 You know what?
 You call problems.
 But we need surprise.
 We need surprise to feel alive.
 Too much variety of people freak out.
 Too much certainty people board out of their mind.
 So are you in the Mook War middle?
 No, you got to learn how to use home.
 Third human need, the need for significance.
 The need to feel unique, special, important.
 Everybody has it, including the people saying, "I don't want to be significant."
 They're really saying, "I don't want to be judged.
 I don't want to be upset with me if I'm significant, right?"
 Some people get significance by working hard or anybody else.
 Some people do it by studying the Bible or on Vangavita or whatever.
 Some people get that certainly by way of how they dress or their tattoos or some people
 do it by money.
 Some people do it by being more generous.
 There's a million ways you could be significant or important to people or to feel needed.
 We all have the need.
 The only question is how do you need it?
 And is it number one, two, three, four, five changes?
 How are you going to develop that one?
 Fourth, the need for love and connection.
 Everyone wants love and connection.
 Anyone needs it whether they want it or not.
 Most people settle for connection because love is just too scary.
 And then those first four needs that you know are the needs of the personality.
 We all need certainty to survive.
 We all need variety to feel alive.
 We all need some feeling of significance and we all need something to look.
 What a person feels like completely insignificant to anyone.
 I love that's when they start thinking about checking out.
 That's when someone will consider suicide.
 There's no compelling future for them.
 So these needs are critical.
 But almost everybody needs them.
 Somebody needs the needs by smoking and then tearing other people down.
 You can feel important by making other people less important.
 If I move you down, I'd be illusion on moving up.
 It doesn't really work long term, but it works for the moment.
 Sugar feels good for the moment.
 Long term doesn't feel good.
 So you can meet your needs in positive ways, neutral or negative.
 But everyone finds a way to meet their needs to some extent.
 But the ultimate needs that you describe are five and six.
 You've got to grow to feel alive.
 We grow and we die.
 Like I just said, progress equals happiness, right?
 And we grow so we have something to give because if we contribute in a meaningful way
 to do more life.
 So a lot of people jump on and go, I want to grow and give, grow and give, which is
 there's zero wrong with that.
 I think it's fantastic.
 But like the example I gave you from India, your certainty is oftentimes your access to
 food and shelter and a quality of life and maybe a certain amount of income to provide
 for your family, right?
 So yes, you do need to honor those.
 But everyone's different.
 Some people value love us the number one thing and they move in this direction.
 Some people value significance and they go in a different direction because the more
 you demand significance, the less love you usually get, right?
 Because people have been pushed off by it.
 If somebody wants to be certain, you need to go in a direction.
 So they want a variety of different directions.
 Again, direction determines your ultimate destination or destiny.
 So when I know which one of your top two, I know how your life is going to turn out.
 And then I ask questions to find out what does it take for you to feel significant?
 Do you have to make a billion dollars or pray to God, right?
 And feel a connection.
 Walk out and go for a run by the ocean and feel the universe with you, right?
 Everyone has different ways.
 Once I know what you want and how you go about getting it, I know your opportunities.
 I know your challenges.
 I know how to coach.
 So your question, though, is to be specific, I have to give that context and put this
 word back on it though, is, okay, I want to grow and contribute because those are the
 spiritually, those are the ones most people miss.
 That's what makes you most of the bill.
 But I still got to do these other four things.
 And they're really easy to do.
 So I think of it as saying find your vehicle, find what's going to give you that economic
 security and idea, economic independence.
 Again, we're not chasing money, money might start chasing you.
 That's an important part.
 You have to work your ass off and refine it.
 Science have achieved it.
 Along the way, make sure you find the variety, the pleasure of the uniqueness of everything
 you're doing and stopping and bringing it in.
 And then the morning I do a process where I think of three things I'm most grateful for.
 And I experience them fully and I feed them a blessing and send a blessing to all my family
 and friends.
 And then I think of what I'm going to accomplish next.
 That sets up plenty of that variety of answer.
 Significance.
 You know, the most significant thing to me is love.
 But you know, it's like, what am I doing that matters?
 You know, let me do some things that matter today.
 Love.
 What can I do that's kind?
 The fastest way to love is to give love.
 The fastest way to kindness is give kindness in the world where, you know, the world could
 be divided now.
 But it's still pretty magical and somebody does it authentically.
 So it's not hard to meet the first four needs.
 Growing and contributing, that's where you're going to feel the most fulfilled.
 So when people go through these challenges, what I always try to do is I don't just give
 them a skill.
 They give them a motion that follows through because otherwise you can know what to do
 and not do it, you know, anyway.
 So that's kind of the way I try to balance it.
 Again, science of achievement and art of fulfillment.
 Just be aware of them both and focusing on both the stages one.
 Yeah.
 I love that.
 I think for me it was interesting because like I noticed when I was struggling and contributing
 or growing, it was because something was out of whack.
 Like I wasn't getting my love and connection or I wasn't feeling significant or something
 wasn't in place.
 And when I got the point where I could figure out, okay, here's ways to make sure that I'm
 feeling these needs in a positive way and not a negative way, then it takes that pressure
 off and I was like, now I can go grow.
 Now I can contribute.
 Now I can do things.
 And I noticed even nowadays, like if it gets out of whack again, it's like, I got to make
 sure all these things are spinning and I can go back and I can show up at a level that
 I can't when these things aren't running the right way.
 It's the real sense.
 Cool.
 My next question, this is a kind of transition a little more to the challenge now.
 Obviously a lot of people who are in your world, my world, they're coming because of
 growth, right?
 They're learning and they're growing and that part is so much fun for all of us, right?
 The growth part is addicting and I think that's why people love reading books and going through
 courses and all sorts of stuff.
 But I know for me, the real growth didn't come from me in this growth phase where I was learning
 stuff.
 It's as I started contributing and started helping other people and for me it was I
 was starting my business, I was teaching other people and that's when I first started to
 really connect with that contribution and that part of it.
 I know that that's one of the big things that this challenge is about is getting people
 from a growth phase to like, now how do you contribute, how do you take this knowledge
 and these ideas and the things that you're developing and learning and how do you use
 them to serve other people.
 I love you to talk just a little about that transition, right?
 How we transition from a growth mindset to like, here's how we can contribute with these
 gifts that we're the women given.
 I think the challenge is called own your future challenge that we're doing and it's myself
 and Dean and an army of just great friends of ours who are smart.
 The focus here is execution.
 It's not just about more learning and growing in this one.
 It's like showing you what do you got some knowledge?
 You've got someone who cares about questions about knowledge and you can take that knowledge
 and bring it to people in a world even when it shut down.
 My business, I've got 80 companies plus now, but my core mission in my business is Robin's
 research, right?
 I did my events and I did my events.
 I mean, I literally, they made what I did illegal because the size of it, I do minimal
 to be 10,000, most of them 15, 12,000 people, someone that range and all of a sudden they
 made it illegal in every country in the world that I wanted to go to, Australia, London,
 Italy, France, everywhere, America, all over the place.
 So I had to figure out what to do, but I've got to tell you, I reach in more people now
 and I'm doing it in a different way.
 So that tools to be able to reach people all over the earth.
 I mean, 4 billion people are on the internet now and we're going to see another 2 billion
 joy over the next 5 or 10 years.
 Almost 50% more people are going to join the internet.
 The size of the marketplace of people you can serve is unbelievable, but you have to be
 able to get the skills and you've got to get yourself to execute.
 A lot of people, as you said, get addicted to just the learning experience, which is
 the hot moments like, "Oh my God, I understand that, that makes sense.
 Oh, I can change the world with that."
 But you know, I was very lucky Jim Rome was my original teacher.
 He was a personal development speaker, some of your listeners probably have no his name.
 It's been passed away for some time, but he has always said, "Tony, let your learning,
 don't let your learning lead to knowledge.
 You become a fool.
 He's a let your learning lead to action."
 And he'd tell you, "You become wealthy."
 And he didn't well be, it wasn't just money.
 It was like an extraordinary life.
 It was living life on your terms.
 It was life that was full joy and happiness and fulfillment and needing an economic freedom.
 And I think that's what we're really looking to do with people in this challenges, show
 them the tools to execute.
 Yes, you're going to have the excitement of learning all this stuff.
 There's no charge for the fricking thing.
 No, it's these challenges.
 My last moment I'm going to do this year, I didn't do this year, but I wanted to do
 it with my friends because I wanted people to have a vehicle.
 Like a lot of people don't have that first ARFA.
 They don't have a vehicle for prosperity and security.
 And they're looking at a world where the world's changing, it's upside down and it's
 not going to go back to exactly how it was.
 Some things will return, obviously, but a lot of them aren't.
 And so your job is to figure out, what am I going to do now?
 And so where are you going to figure that out?
 So we decided to bring the best people we know together to show you and show you how
 to use technology to do things in minutes.
 And when I started out in this business, I mean, it took months to pull up.
 But literally the technology can do things for you today as we all know.
 And so I'm very excited about what we're going to be able to offer people that in a few days,
 they're not just going to have more knowledge and excitement.
 They're going to have perhaps a business or at least the beginnings of the business and
 may even be online starting that out all in the few days of the challenge.
 So that's the difference I think we're really focused on here is making sure that I always
 tell people knowledge is not power, knowledge is potential power.
 Execution beats and trumps knowledge every day of the week.
 And so our goal is to get people to really each day and make some small actions.
 So by the end of the challenge, they're really in a place of having their business or if
 they had a business thinking about the level.
 Yeah.
 Well, I'm excited for the challenge.
 I'm going to be flying out to Phoenix and hanging out with you and Dean and everybody
 for one of the days.
 And I'm actually bringing my twin boys.
 My twin boys are 15 years old and I'm trying to show them how to control their future.
 So they're going to come and sit there and experience it.
 And we're actually going to go out afterwards with some friends and we're going to go and
 feed the homeless and spend some time and just showing them some really cool experiences
 after the challenge.
 I'm excited for it because I'll be participating in it as a student and also as one of the
 teachers as well.
 I just want to say something like you too wrestled to your audience.
 You know, like a lot of people virtual say, I'm going to go feed somebody.
 But you do this all the time just like I do.
 It's not like something you do and tell people you're doing it.
 You're just really doing it.
 And I love that you share it.
 Same reason I used to never share what I did in this area.
 But then I started realizing it inspires people to consider something new and we're not
 doing it because we're just such good people.
 We're doing it because it's so fulfilling to do something for someone you don't even
 know is people don't understand what that does to you to just do what's right.
 It's going to be a 24 hours a day because especially doing it with your kids so they
 get addicted to it in early age.
 I really want to you for that.
 Thanks.
 I'm excited.
 It's going to be a fun experience.
 There's going to be new experience for them I think.
 It's going to be awesome.
 So with those who are listening, if you're watching the video, they'll probably be linked
 down below.
 But if you're listening, the sign up link to go sign up for the challenge, if you go to
 takethechallenge.com, that's where we can go sign up for the challenge through our link.
 And we've got a bunch of really cool bonuses and stuff for everybody who gets involved
 and hangs out.
 But that's where everything will be at at takethechallenge.com.
 And if you do that, you have a chance to hang out with Tony and me and Dean and Jenna and
 I don't even know the, you have some amazing speakers that are part of this.
 People that only Tony could bring into the world, nobody else would say yes to being
 part of this piece.
 That's an amazing people who you guys have a chance to come and hang out with and participate
 and learn how to start your own business, how to start going from this, from a growth
 mindset to a contribution, how do I create a business that serves other people?
 I think, you know, I never understood that was what business was really about until,
 you know, honestly, probably the last seven or eight years since I started running ClickFunnels.
 And I've seen what like, when you create a business and you help other people, like
 that contribution, you see how people's lives are changed.
 I'm not talking about my own, I'm talking about people who have used ClickFunnels.
 You know, one of my favorite success stories inside of our ClickFunnels community is the
 couple named Brandon and Kaitlyn Poland.
 And they were young 22, 23 year old couple when they came into our world and she's really
 good at losing weight.
 And they took her knowledge and her experience and now they've helped over a million women
 to lose weight.
 They built a huge company that's 70, 80 employees now and they're changing lives of so many people
 and it's one person, one person taking their knowledge, turning it to something they can
 contribute and it literally, the ripple effect of that is huge.
 I mean, look at a million women, that's amazing but those women have families and kids and
 communities they serve and like that ripple effect keeps going out and that's just one
 person.
 And so you never know where it's going to turn until you take that knowledge and turn it
 into something amazing.
 And think about where we are today because of technology, you can do that so fast.
 Try doing that 20 years ago, trust me.
 It was a very different process, right?
 So the possibility of that kind of impact is there.
 So it all comes down to having an orientation that realizes the only way you get wealthy
 is do more for other people than anybody else is doing it.
 Do it consistently.
 And of course, if you have that much value, you have value that's added to you as well.
 But learning how to do that quickly, efficiently, step by step, that's what this, you know, challenge
 courses, that's what we're going to see you guys do.
 Awesome.
 Well, thank you, Tony.
 Thank you, everybody.
 Again, go take the challenge.
 com, get signed up and we'll see you guys live here in a couple of days.
 So thanks Tony.
 I appreciate you.
 Thank you, buddy.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between
 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people who
 are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Okay?
 Now the phone number you need to text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to
 my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then
 we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free
 swag, giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get it for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is to pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
