 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast this episode
 I want to bring you behind the scenes of some of the cool takeaways nuggets and ideas
 I got at the most recent Puerto Rico mastermind with Brendan Bouchard and a whole bunch of other amazing people
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone hope you guys are awesome
 I know I've been telling you guys for the last couple episodes as I'm gonna tell you about this amazing trip
 we had to Puerto Rico and and
 kind of
 Pull you into some of the cool details behind the scenes of what happened and I wish that had everything recorded
 I could just sell you guys access to the videos because that would be amazing for me and for you and for everybody but
 Unfortunately, there are no video cameras loud. So all I have is my notebook and my thoughts and so that's what you're gonna get today
 I hope you guys are okay with that
 And kind of the the preface of what this event was so if you've been listening to podcasts for a while
 I did this episode last summer or last time when it was it's probably eight and I months ago
 About the secret Illuminati mastermind meetup meeting that I had in Wyoming
 We flew out and took helicopters and all these amazing business owners were there and it was run by Brandon Bouchard and there was
 whole bunch I
 the list of people there there was was was awesome and so I had a good time learned much really cool things and it was kind of almost more like a
 I
 Don't know. I'm used to marketing meetings like I'm a hardcore marketing dude who just wants to know marketing
 And that's all I care about right and then I'm around this all these personal development people and they are all talking about other things
 and it turned this this like
 You know event where we're crying and like changing our emotions and all sorts of crazy stuff that I'm not used to but I really
 Enjoyed it and had a great time
 Anyway now fast forward eight months later and they were gonna do a second meeting and
 And I wanted to go and then they were gonna bring our spouse and stuff which that'd be really cool
 but then it was like literally the the date event starts the same day
 We were getting home from our Disney cruise with our kids and I've already been away for like 10 days
 I was just like I can't I can't do it. So I basically told Brendan. I'm like hey, I we can't go then fast forward a fun
 Like you live. I don't think Brendan got my email or my text or however I told him because
 You know about it. So backstage
 I'm a hammer for his before after his presentation. He's like dude you coming to Puerto Rico, right?
 I'm like no and he's like boy. You're not coming. It's gonna be amazing and starts like naming off all the people and then
 And my beautiful wife Collette was next to me and one of the people that was at last year's meeting was
 Dave Hollis and his wife is Rachel Hollis if you've read or if your spouse or your I guess you if your wife or spouse or whatever's read
 Girl wash your face or girl stop apologizing that's rid of my Rachel Hollis
 It was the number two best-selling book all of last year. The only person the beater was Michelle Obama
 Um, so I think she cheated, but you know who knows anyway, but uh she the book's awesome
 I read it first I had to collect read it had tons of people in my office read it men and women and it's it's an amazing book
 And she's blowing up and just doing a bunch of stuff and Collette loves her
 Listen, we listened to her podcast with some her podcast is called the rise podcast and her and Dave have a podcast together called rise together
 Which is really great couples ups podcast and it's just awesome and so over the last you know 70 a month since last event
 We've really not directly connected with them, but through their content into what they do have had just an amazing time with that. And so
 Dave said or Brendan said
 You know he's naming all people he said Dave and it cuts like was Rachel coming and Brian's like, yeah Rachel's gonna be there too
 And then Collette looks at me. She's like we're going oh great
 How are we gonna fit this into our busy schedules?
 But we decided to go and I'm so super grateful we did so
 We're lucky Brent and Amber Co Peters went on the Disney cruise with us with their kids and our kids
 And then we got back from the cruise
 We just you know pull into Miami or whatever and then they jumped into playing with our kids and flew them and their kids and like nine kids
 My kids and their kids flew him home and then Collette and I jumped into playing in flute to Puerto Rico
 and
 We got their date early so we got to have a chance to
 to go to the spa there which was insane and
 Alsamy cool stories and then the next day the masterminding happened
 We had a chance hanging out with everybody gets no maul and just had a really good time. So
 Anyway, I'm gonna just go through some of my notes here and just plot some of the cool things I got
 Um that I think he has a benefit from and I may remember some of the people some of these things
 These thoughts may be completely disjointed, but I'm not sure anyway. You listen to my podcast. I'll do whatever I want
 And hopefully everyone gets some value some go out of out of one of the nuggets that I'm dropping behind
 All right, so that said um, I'm gonna jump into my notes. So one thing that Brendan has to do at the very beginning of the mastermind
 Which is fascinating he talked about
 A lot of times we set goals or to do things we want to accomplish
 And he said instead of thinking of things as to do is when you start thinking of things as things as like scenes scenes
 Um, and he said, you know, if you take a timeline and and go backwards in time
 Like what are the scenes that were like the most memorable of your life, right?
 So I started thinking like well, I remember when I when I won my state title my junior high school
 That was just a scene in my life. They're like I dreamt about it was amazing that happened and like
 I can always go back like that was an amazing thing my senior year when I took second place high school nationals
 I became an all-american like that is the scene in my life
 When I served a mission for my church like some experiences there are different scenes and when I met my wife
 And when I proposed to when we got married then like when the twins were born and like
 We got pregnant with the tent with the twins after not being able to get pregnant for for months and months, you know
 Like all these things are scenes in your life, right?
 When you look at this scene, it's like colorful and beautiful and like you can feel it you can experience you can like it's an emotional thing, right?
 And um, so he said like make a timeline in the back like write all the scenes that you remember in your life that were impactful that that shifted your destiny, right?
 Just kind of writing those out and then he said what we want to do for now is is write all these different
 Like in the timeline how do you little ticks in the timeline and then he said what instead of like having a goal
 He said I want you to project a scene in the future
 And he said that that you know for example, like instead of like i'm trying to make a hundred million dollars this year
 It's like
 It's like when we hit our goals, we're gonna go on this amazing thing and like like project the scene and make it colorful and beautiful
 some of your visualizing
 and
 And and try to visualize and imagine like the experiences and the and celebrations you have with that thing
 What happens is that when you when you don't just have a goal
 But you you create these scenes in your mind of what's gonna be like when you when you accomplish the goal or the journey of the goal
 Whatever it means then then that thing draws a meaning
 Um to the goal so if you're speaking of goals like this like like why do you want to why do you want to have a goal of getting to
 Comical?
 I don't know well the reason why you know some of my world would want to get to comic club is like they were out front
 Hiking why they saw people on stage and they visualized the next year that they were gonna be on stage getting that award holding it
 I'm getting the picture taken with me and and that kind of thing right so they were
 They were projecting a scene of their goal and then that that scene in their mind draws meaning to the goal
 Which is the thing that actually draws you to it and the better you can describe the scene the better
 The more real it becomes right so describe it to yourself or your spouse or your on your podcast or whatever like like the power of that is really really cool
 and so
 What again what you had to do is make this timeline and back in time like what are the scenes
 That happened and then what were the what were the meanings that that we that I drew from those scenes
 And moving forward what are the scenes that I want to experience and then trying to like visually
 Experiences and see those
 Which was which was really really cool. So that was some coiling from Brendan
 Let's see
 I can't remember who this one. Oh, this was from uh cray clemence. He's one of the greatest probably the greatest living copywriters right now
 He's amazing and he was talking about
 Um the different products in his product line. He's got this huge media company that's that's killing it
 Um doing crazy numbers and he said that if you look at all of the he he publishes different doctors and their their products and their
 Books and their supplements and things like that. He says that my goal in marketing is to rewrite the story
 That's inside of people's heads right?
 So people the reason why people are struggling in any area of life is there's this story in their head, right?
 He says my job through my copy my videos my product everything is to rewrite the story in their head
 And as I as he said that like I just wrote mmorat
 I wrote down rewrite the story and then I wrote next to it and like big with the big like
 Starburst around it new opportunity for the if you read the expert secrets book talking about new opportunities
 It's all about that right like if I'd get somebody's shift from the vehicle that they're in right now to get them into
 The vehicle that I know is gonna get them to their to the future. I like I just figure like what what's the faults beliefs?
 They have what's that story in their head?
 And then my job is that as a marketer and a storyteller is to rewrite that story and you do that by writing a better story craft crafting story that
 Um that they will then believe and when they do that then they will follow you
 And I saw it was kind of cool the way he looked at what he does as a copywriter
 She's rewriting stories of people's heads. I was like, yes, I get that. That's what I do too. It's so exciting
 Okay
 All right, I'm gonna keep going through some of these these notes here
 Oh one thing so um tom and lisa billaboo there the founders initially quest nutrition, which is quest bars
 Which is my one of my favorite companies out there? They ended up getting it I think valued at a billion dollars
 And then they sold their stuff now they started this thing called impact theory, which is an amazing
 Um, you know podcast youtube channel a bunch of stuff
 But it's funny because like we were going on this hike and and everyone was doing it because they kind of you know
 We're supposed to but we all know what we wanted to we wanted to go back
 We wanted to do masterminds stuff
 We felt like obligated to do it and everyone's kind of sitting here
 We were in the halfway point of like do we keep going on or do we stop?
 We're having some car issues people are getting sick and so we kind of pulled over
 And he said something was really powerfully said like I always asked my wife this I say what are your selfish desires?
 Like tell me like this tell me what's your selfish like do you want to do this do you not and she says
 My selfish desires. I want to go back and do blah blah blah blah blah
 And it's like cool. I'd rather do that too and then it was it was pretty cool
 And so we asked us all like what's your selfish desire?
 Like if you if you're being selfish, what's your desire?
 What do you really want?
 And then we all told it and then it was like oh, we all wanted the same thing so we just did it
 We're most of the time like we know we don't tell people our selfish desires because they go sound selfish and like we hold it back
 And we don't we don't just use that as a tool
 And uh because of the half time we end up going these these long
 Rants or you know long problems that come bigger and bigger and bigger because we don't just we don't just communicate
 What we really really want and uh he said that he said that's the tool that they use all the time
 Of just like when they're both trying to decide something like oh, I don't know what to do
 What do you want to do?
 You know that kind of like indecision he stops as what's your selfish desires like if you can do anything
 That just selfishly go to be and then boom. That's what they're able to go and figure out
 That's what they're gonna do. But just kind of a cool. It was a cool tool for me. That thought was was awesome
 um
 Okay
 God, I could spend days just going through all this and trying to find some of the the really really important things
 Um, but I think we'll have the the biggest impact for you guys here
 um
 Um
 Sorry, it's gonna make sure
 Okay, one of them, David bock was there if you know, David bock
 He's written like a billion books that are all like new york times best sellers a million times over
 And he's got a new book coming out called the latte factor
 And I think it's his first new book in a while and uh he was asking questions on how to launch the book
 And lo and behold miss racial hollis jumped up who sold more books and anybody on planet earth in last year
 She's like well, this is what I did and I'm like, oh like freakishly writing notes as fast as I could
 And um, it was interesting. She started going through this. Oh, I made me so happy
 Because to me as number one in the traffic secrets book right now and chapter two is called the dream 100
 And she never said the word dream 100, but what she what she explained was the dream 100 concept to a t um
 She said, okay
 Um, she said what are the tribe that my women are already in and we do tribe infiltration
 So she's okay. So what network marketing companies are they in what facebook groups what what uh instagram channels?
 What both always kind of things she's like, you know, what hashtags are they following?
 And as they they find those people and so okay
 Who are the tribe owners that we got an infiltrate right who mean to become friends with who said
 They basically went to instagram and anybody who had over 200,000 followers
 They would just DM them like hey, this is so and so and like we talk and just started going like crazy messaging anyone had over 200,000
 followers to build up their their dream 100 their list of influencers there
 Their their tribe the tribe leaders right and then their whole job is tribe infiltration
 um
 Anyway, which I thought was was so awesome
 They pre-sold 200,000 copies of her new book girl stop apologizing before one lie, which is which is crazy
 Then a loose house jumped and talked about how he sold his book so he did as he went he found the 20 biggest podcasts
 And they're not like the little ones but big podcasts would move the noodle then needle in book sales and went and did like in-depth really amazing
 interviews with those people on the books to get the book
 To get his book to become a new year times bestseller. So it wasn't like I need 500 podcast interviews
 Like what are the 20 most strategic best podcasts I can be on? They're gonna drive a ton of book sales, which is awesome
 um
 All right, that was some cool stuff
 um
 Um
 Oh, she made good things here. Uh, Ethan Willis who's one of the partners of growth.com
 He talked about purpose management, which was really really cool. I'm not gonna go too deep in sex
 Uh, but it's just like instead of like what's your process management? Like what's your purpose management? Like what?
 Like what are you what's your purpose? Like what is the reason why you're doing this thing and that thing
 Like really going deep and remembering your purpose
 You said if I were to die in three years, what would I have to do to get you know right now?
 And it's like hey based on that like what what should you do right now like go and go and do those things?
 um
 Oh so good so many he went on this like 20 minute riff. It was just like I wish I could record that would have been
 um would have been amazing for everyone
 um
 All of these are just like little ideas that wrote down of cool things that we could do as we're launching books and things like that
 um
 Yeah, I think I might be done with the stuff. I'm gonna I'm gonna share everything anything else really big that
 That that that pops out. Oh, okay one thing and I hope she's my sharing that I've shared this
 But Rachel Hollis's big question was like, okay, we had all these goals all these dreams and we hit them all and like now
 Now what like do we try to make more money? Do we just are we okay with that? Like what's the you know, what's okay?
 Like what I think that's a question a lot of people especially religious people
 That we ask is just like it's okay. They're doing this. Okay. They're making more money like should I be content should I you know
 I mean and um a couple things were really good that were said to her one is
 Um, when you start looking at these things are happening to you
 Um the the phrase that wrote down says yeah, it is not mine. I am a steward
 So look at that like like this business this money this seems like it's not mine
 It's gods and and I'm a steward of it. So if you'll get from that way, it's like I'm a steward of it
 Like I'm I'm I've been called to do these things
 Then you start looking at things differently if I'm a steward of this money or this this this platform or this role
 Like what does he want me to do?
 He's want me to shut it down and shrink like no, that's not
 You know, he would want you to let to magnify right and to bring your calling out and do the best you can stuff like that
 Um, and then the second question thing was like like I'm gonna run out of ideas
 What's gonna happen? It's like well if you are the steward then you know and it's coming from god
 And and if you are the steward then
 Then he's gonna keep giving you light knowledge because you're the steward of this thing that you're doing and you're doing the right things
 You're moving forward
 Um a couple other phrases heard like not be it's not because of you but it's through you
 So it wasn't you that did it like it's not because I'm great
 But this thing happened through me and I see that all the time in our in our community
 um
 Uh
 Ah some of the good things mother Teresa said that I am the pencil
 Right like I'm not even doing the work. I'm the i'm the instrument that's that's writing the the thing
 Um
 Ah, anyway, I think that's the core part of the notes i was going to share
 But I hope that gives you guys a couple nuggets from uh from a mastermind group
 And if you're not part of a mastermind like go and be part of one plug into one
 You should definitely join the two comic club x one because that's the best one or my inner circle because that's the
 the next level, which is even better
 But um, you know as of right now, they were only you can only sign up if i'm walking live
 So, I think eventually we're gonna open them up to the mass public but for right now it's closed down
 So do what you can again one of two new mastermind group and I'd recommend getting the two comic club x smash mastermind group
 It's amazing program in fact. We have our first event of the year with those guys coming up next week, which is which is exciting
 Um, anyway, I'm gonna go. I got so many more things. I want to share with you, but uh the night is young
 Night is late. Not yet night is late. I gotta go
 Um, so appreciate you guys all thanks so much for everything and I will talk to you on the next episode
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
