 Good morning everybody this Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I want to share with you something that I'm really excited for and this is an interview that I did with Tony Robbins
 a lot of you guys know depending when you're listening to this we're in the middle of the mastermind calm product lunch and
 It's kind of interesting backstory
 I was at a big mastermind group with Dean Graciasi and on the flight home
 We happen to be sitting next to each other and during that flight. He told me about this project
 He was working on and he said it's kind of like master or master class calm except for masterminds
 I was like dude you own mastermind calm. He's like no, I'm like, oh you should buy it
 He's like it's not for sale and so I remember when I got the plane I looked at it in mastermind calm
 The person on the home page is holding a two-com club award
 I'm like this is one of my funnel hackers and own this and so we messaged him and negotiated and ended up buying
 The domain and then giving it to Dean and Tony as a gift for their for their launch
 We spent a lot of a lot of sandwich money
 But it's over half a million dollars on the domain name gave it those guys as a gift and and then they said, you know
 Hey, thanks for the gift
 You know exchange we love to have you kind of a partner in this business and I'm definitely the minority
 Or you know partner in this in this business
 Tony and Dean on the majority of it
 But it's been so fun to be able to work with them behind the scenes on this this
 This project and the product and the product launch and all these things that have been so cool
 And I know the Dean's been killing himself
 Really putting everything together Tony as well and it was cool is that I had a chance to actually interview Tony about
 about the concepts the way you're gonna be learning in the course and
 And things like that and about self-education and about masterminds and how much other things so you know
 I think I've had a chance now twice in my life to interview Tony
 He's interviewed me once and it's just every time it's the coolest thing ever and so I wanted to share the interview
 You guys so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna cute with things song here and we come back
 and have a chance to hear the whole interview here behind the scenes of it and
 After you listen to it
 I recommend doing is if you want to get my bonuses
 I don't I have no idea if launch is still open at the time you're listening this but if the launch is still open
 We've got a bunch of bonuses if you buy through my affiliate link and if you go to secrets mastermind calm
 It's S E C R E T S
 M A S T E R M I N D
 Dot-com so secrets plural secrets mastermind calm
 You have my affiliate link there and you can go and see other bonuses and stuff to mine for me
 So with that said
 We'll intro the theme song and we come back
 You'll have a chance to listen in behind the scenes of the interview with me and Tony Robbins
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone, it's Russell Brunson. I'm so excited to be here with you guys today
 I am here with probably one of the coolest human beings on planet earth Tony Robbins. How are you doing today Tony?
 I don't know about that introduction, but thanks brother. Good to see you. Good to see you too
 I think my audience is obviously super familiar with your kids
 I talk about you so much you've spoken to our events twice which has been one of the coolest things in the world and
 Since someone who's had such a huge profound impact on me so many ways. I don't think you even know
 Both in my personal life in my marriage in my business
 I could go on on telling stories and they all did that after the interview so I want to waste those stories now when I have you in front of me
 But you've had such an impact on me in my life and just grateful to have a chance to first off the interview
 And you second off to be kind of part of this project that you and Dean put together and just so excited to be here with you
 So
 That's what I want to say to your audience the feeling is mutual
 I'm sure anybody it's already dealt with you if they're on you or they already know you are
 But when I looked at people in this industry who are really I look at it as the knowledge business really
 Yeah, and you've shared so much but you've done it with such integrity brother
 You're always have such a sincerity to you and a generosity to your spirit how you deal with people
 Just know bullshit not blowing smoke your way anybody knows who this man is Russell's the real thing
 And he really cares and you over deliver and that's that's my signal as well
 So I got it add more value than anybody else does in the business and you always do that
 So it's always a pleasure to be with you my friend. Oh, thanks. I appreciate that
 Well, very cool. Well today what we'll be talking about which I think is something that's very true to my heart and your heart as well
 Is a concept of masterminding but also I think even a depth step deeper is just self-education and I know
 For me growing up and I think a lot of people who follow me
 You know, we're we're like entrepreneurs our brains going a million million miles an hour
 And we get into the school system where we're supposed to like be sitting and like listening to a teacher talk
 And like we're twitching. I'm looking out the window of the playground. There's things happening. I'm getting in trouble and they're yelling at me and
 And I I honestly thought I was a dumb kid until I was in college. I always assumed I was dumb
 I didn't I didn't know any better and I think a lot of people that do follow me kind of have been in that same situation
 and
 This whole concept of self-education was the first
 Like when I started learning for the first time about something I was passionate about
 I remember the very first I read a book that was something that like they grabbed me and I was like
 Oh my gosh. I see how this is something that helped for me then I became obsessed and I read way too many books
 Which is interesting, but I want to kind of start before we go into that
 When I came to the very first upw which was over
 Probably 11 or 12 years ago now
 Which was like one of the coolest things in a row. I don't know if I ever told this I didn't know what upw was
 I knew it was a Tony Robbins event
 So I showed up on a backpack in my laptop thinking I'd be sitting there taking notes
 And I walk in and people are jumping and dancing and I was like
 Where am I have no idea what's even happening that night?
 We're walking on fire and it was just you know
 It was it was not what I was expecting and and just something that that shifted my life forever
 But one of the concepts you talked about they had a profound impact on me
 This is before I really got deep into my whole journey of of all this stuff was you talked about concept that you called decade in the day
 I'm I'd love for you to kind of tell our audience about that what that is and how that works because I think when they realize that
 It's just like so empowering like oh my gosh. I can I can figure out all these different things because of it
 I would just say that you know, it's all about self-education as you said
 I think get a standard education get a standard results and if you look at the average American
 I mean today
 60 percent of Americans haven't saved a thousand dollars for retirement
 40 percent of Americans living in the best economy in the history of the world
 Say that if an emergency came up, they couldn't raise 400 dollars
 So it's insane. That's why you hear this conversation about socialism coming up because so many people
 They own an iPhone, but they're not an entrepreneur. They don't know I found they don't even own apple
 They use google every day, but they don't have a piece of google
 They don't think that way and so I grew up in a really poor family not four different fathers
 It was a pretty rough environment
 But I had the privilege of going in here in Jim Rowan when I was 17 years old and I went I was working as a janitor
 I was going to high school. I was working part-time also in a t-view pair shop
 And I just remember sitting in this room and I remember the guy I was working for on the weekend
 I was doing moving for him and a guy had become pretty successful financially
 You know buying and flipping homes in Orange County, California
 It's like 1977 to give you an idea
 And I remember my parents said this guy used to be such a loser my dad said and now he's really successful
 So as a kid you can buy all this stuff at the end of the day I've worked my ass off
 And he really liked me and I said listen, I just before I go my dad said used to be such a loser
 Now you're so successful. How did you do that?
 You know, your dad said that he said yeah, he goes well
 He told me the story went to this seminar. I didn't know what a seminar was. I said, what is the seminar?
 I said, well to a man who's got 20 34 years of experience. He figures out the best of what he's learned
 And he teaches it to you in three or four hours and I said, I'd like to go to that could you get me in?
 He said, yeah, I said well will you and he said no
 I said, well because if you don't pay for it, you won't value it
 I said how much is it?
 He said $35 and I'm making 40 bucks a week as a janitor
 I was like that's a week's pay because okay, you learn on your own and take decades
 I was like so I scraped it together and that was when I started realizing one night
 I learned more about how to improve my life in three or four hours and this man who had 30 years experience
 I didn't have he compressed those decades into days and that's what locked in my mind
 So I took a speed reading course and I said, I'm gonna read a book a day and I didn't do that
 I read 700 books in seven years all near human development psychology physiology
 And so everything in my life I have such a passion for the power of self education
 It is a power that's available to any human being today, especially because of the internet all over the earth
 That never existed before I mean you can learn from people you've never been learned from you
 You find the best experts on earth and wherever you are
 Versus you know the university system we're in right now where the greatest debt
 We have in this country 1.5 trillion more than consumer debt is college debt now
 And anybody who's one of your listeners. It's a millennial
 Or a z generation coming up
 This is what they're all worried about this is what they're all dealing with and they think how am I ever going to get through this piece
 But what's really amazing is we're guaranteeing all that for this lousy education
 Very often professors in at the best universities have never done what they're talking about
 They're just telling you and the information is gone even a medical doctor the half life of medical education day is two years
 That means two years after you leave 50 percent of what you've learned is worthless now the pharmaceutical salesman's got to do it
 So for me
 I want to know those answers and and Rome used to say success leaves clues
 If someone is truly successful at anything, they're not lucky if they do it once maybe they're lucky
 Like get rich anything get rich. Can you stay rich? Can you become wealthy?
 Can you add enough value to stay there?
 That requires a different way of thinking and being if somebody lost weight and kept it off for 30 years
 They're not lucky
 And he said find out what rich people do and do that
 He said find out what poor people read and don't read it
 And he said I don't just mean financially poor
 Emotionally spiritually poor is because whenever they're feeding their mind, that's where it goes. So he embedded this
 Drive in me. I don't know the drive was probably there
 But the system in me of saying I'm going to learn about other people's experiences every great investor knows other people's money
 OPM is a leverage tool that can grow you geometrically financially every great wealth has used some of that
 But I'll tell you what's more valuable than other people's money other people's experience when the other people's experience is the best in the world
 So they may have taken
 20 years to figure something out and with the tools I've learned a model to extract it out of them
 We can pull out the best they've learned in maybe a few hours a few days a few weeks at most
 Maybe a few months it was super complex and so now what Dean and I have done
 We decided to partner together along with you and say how do we help a mass audience of people to do that because I've had the privilege of doing something
 I love I was a kid from a zoo set who didn't have enough money for food
 Now I feed a hundred million meals a year here in the US this year
 We need a half a billion will be a billion meals within five more years
 I mean I have the privilege of traveling the world helping millions of people
 I don't have to work another day in my life. I've got all the toys people say they want but I have something more I'm meaning
 I have this sense that my life matters because I have the information and tools that can add more value than anybody else because I've never stopped learning and I keep adding it
 So dean and I now hope because there's how do we take the 60 years between us and then your history and say how do we take that to as many people's possible and say
 Look if you want to be a person and you got some knowledge base you're
 Let's say you're you know, you cut great hair and you make I know I'm an extremely 50,000 dollars cutting air and most people like 60
 I never talked to her going you got to share this. I mean so many other people are struggling and she got excited about it
 Now she does this workshops and she makes all this money on the side while she still doing the best
 She makes almost as much teaching as she did cutting air
 Which has all these people that love her because their business is grown because she shared her knowledge
 So my skill is extracting that showing people how to do it
 And then dean's great skill like yours is also turning that into a technology or into software
 So that we got the combination or if somebody wants to be like I started out is I would call a knowledge broker
 I didn't have the skill. I had people I knew were brilliant. I wanted to bring them to other people
 But then gradually also developed another skill which is extracting that knowledge not only on myself, but other people
 So when I did money master the game
 You know I interviewed 50 the smartest people in the world financially warm buff at ray value car icon, right?
 Paul duder Jones and I was able to extract things that no one thought I could extract and put in a book
 Well now it's it's crazy. I don't see this to blow my horn
 I see because it blows my mind
 I'm now, you know, I'm just a JP morgan's, you know billionaires conference
 You have a billion dollar net worth to be there and I'm a head speaker for this piece
 I
 Worth magazine just named me for the fourth year in a row is one of 100 most influential people in global finance
 I'm up there with the same guys I interviewed
 And it's not because of me it's because I extracted the best best of what they've done
 But I've also been able to share it
 And then I built several multi-billion dollar businesses in the last five years in bad industry took one business from 16 billion as a partner
 Not just me to 30 at billion a um another one from zero to four billion another one from zero to a billion in two years
 It's because I applied what I learned from the best. So I am so effing passionate
 Learning from the best. That's why I'm passionate about you because you do that same thing
 You've modeled those marketing skills and you've systematized them and showed people how they can take advantage of those quick funnels
 Better than anybody I know of in the business. So and you've done the same thing. That's why I honor you. Oh, thank you
 It's interesting
 You know, I look at my path and it's been funny because we used in the in the in the financial space
 Which is it's interesting because four years ago you were not in that in that world at all
 Right, but you went did that extracted all this stuff built this this engine this book
 It's everything that's now blown up and I didn't realize how many billions which is insane. That's a lot of bees
 Um, but that's but it's it's all about that
 I think when I got in this business to the marketing stuff like I didn't know a whole bunch of it
 But like I had that the initial like spark and like oh my gosh. This is cool
 But I didn't know what to do. I didn't go to school for that
 So I was like I got to find out people that are doing this and I'm just like you
 I went and found like the best people in fact my first business was me interviewing
 All these people that I wanted to hire for coaching but I couldn't afford them
 So I was like what if I just called and see if I can interview them for this thing that I was doing that had
 They didn't know nobody was listening, but most of them said yes
 I had this chance to interview these minds and marketing that you know
 And I remember I get the late Gary Halber when the greatest marketing minds has ever been on his planet
 Before he passed away had a chance to interview him for an hour
 I getting him telling me all these amazing things and it's just like man
 I got I got this man's wisdom who spent you know how much of his life learning and mastering and doing these things and spending
 You know tens and hundreds of millions of dollars marketing and testing and coming back and like this is what I found
 And it's just um super powerful by the way
 Just the one thing about this if you go for standard education, you've got a great one
 You know we have 110 universities now that have over a billion dollars set aside
 You know harvard just raised 9.5 billion the other day
 My buddy at Yale university is on the top, you know, you know, financial investors in the world
 Uh, uh, david swenson, you know, he took him from one billion. They have 24 billion at Yale
 But what's the education?
 23
 Excuse me 27 percent of the people that come out of college actually say they're applying what they learned in their job
 In other words 73 percent. It's been worthless and they spent 50 100 200 000
 100 000 a year maybe three four five hundred thousand dollars over four five six seven years
 And they got nothing to show for it. What we really have out there is a bunch of hedge funds that have universities attached to them
 We call them universities now and we pay for all that we guarantee all that so you don't want to
 I don't say you don't want to be part of that that's education too
 But if you want to have domain knowledge if you you got to go to people that are doing it that are alive that are producing the result today
 You want to go to the best because someone says why i got 10 years of experience up and say bullshit
 You got one year experience you've done 10 times you grew the first year and do the same ship for 10 more years
 Looking for people that are absolutely the best in the business
 And if you have even a part of that in yourself, you got to figure out extract because often
 We're unconsciously competent meaning we don't know how we do it
 But if you can figure out how you do it, then you can teach others and now it doesn't just become your benefit
 It becomes something you've spread to the world and you can structure that as a part-time or full-time business and have an extraordinary income
 But doing something that feels meaningful not just selling a widget. Nothing wrong with selling a widget
 But it's how a lot more and you feel like your life is actually making a difference so cool
 This morning I was preparing for this and this concept of mastermind and I was like
 Where this initially come from? I know it came initially from the book thinking grow rich by Napoleon Hill
 So I went and found my copy and I'm reading it and trying to like find the section on masterminds just to refresh my mind
 And I remember I found the section and um, Andrew Carnegie is the one who who like had Napoleon
 Napoleon Napoleon dynamite Napoleon Hill going
 Napoleon Hill go write this book and it was interesting is Andrew Carnegie
 I wrote this down so I could have it he said that he said anytime there are two minds that come together
 It says it creates a third mind which is an invisible mind or mastermind
 And uh, and then later in this quote the other thing I was reading in um your initial
 Mentor was Jim Roney said Jim Roney said you know the average of five people he spent the most time with
 I think it's interesting you look at that is the mastermind is all about like getting groups of people together when you do that
 the synergy between them like everything everything grows bigger and um
 I know that I've I've been writing mastermind groups for for the last and six or seven years now inside the marketing industry
 Which has been really fun. Um, but the first time I really heard about any kind of groups like this was at the original
 Upw that I was at and you started telling the story about uh about the the scorpions group
 I think was the unofficial title
 But I would love if you told that story because I think there's so many cool things that came from that
 I would love people understand some of the background of how this how it happened for you and your business
 Well, thanks. Yeah, it actually changed my life radically. I it started as getting a letter and uh a beautiful leather jacket
 That was for batman from peter goober who was at the time the chairman of sony and clumbia pictures
 He created the first, you know big movies like that that ever created he had 52 academy award nominations
 I mean just a genius and um and at the time I just I knew of his name
 Obviously, he's just famous, but I get this letter saying you changed my life and I want to have lunch or dinner with you
 Please come to the studio and long story short we became you know, we hit it off from the very beginning
 There are some people you can pitch to but again one of the things I love about you brothers
 We can pitch and catch to each other. I don't just pitch you can throw the ball back and peter's that way and we have this just ignited relationship
 So he calls me
 And I'll make a couple months later and says tony
 I've been thinking of so much about I changed my life and I've told all my friends about you
 And he says listen I have this group of people it's the most viable thing in my life
 He goes that's saying a lot of all the beautiful things in my life
 He said I'm not saying more value in my family, but for my growth the most valuable thing
 He said I got this group of about, you know, 11 guys 9 to 11 guys that leave me three times a year
 We go on these incredible trips
 And but he said it's not the trip that just gorgeous we do these amazing things
 But he said what happens is the conversations on that trip between us
 He said it sparks something and it was all it takes is one idea the whole trip is worth it
 And he goes, you know, we haven't you know, all these guys are probably, you know, 18 20 years
 You're senior just like I am but I told him about you and how special you are and we never let anybody else in the group
 He said but they don't want to have you come on one trip and then if they're like a doni
 You can do this ongoing. He was able to change your life more than you can imagine
 I said well who's on the group and he said well, you know, the greatest NBA coach which is that Riley at the time and his dear friend
 Obviously this day and he says he started doing my leave his name private
 He's a richest man in Canada and he goes through this list like wow he goes
 So I said what are you thinking of it goes well
 We're gonna do this trip and he said we're gonna we're gonna fly to China
 We're gonna do this thing on the Great Wall and then we're gonna go Cambodia and they're gonna be at nominee
 What's the whole thing in my mind in those days? I was a business operator. I wasn't an owner
 So like if I wasn't there nothing's going on. I thought it was there. I'm stressing out
 And I'm thinking how long is this thing? And I said well, I'm just curious you know
 How long is he's not an elderly 14 15 16 days, you know 12 days something like that
 I'm like oh
 And I'm back in my head. I'm like holy shit
 I can't take that many days off and the next thing I said well he goes yeah, we fly in private jets the whole way
 It's exquisite and he goes and you know, we just all divided up
 And I'm in my head going you know, we're gonna fly a couple of gold streams to China and Vietnam, Cambodia
 40 hours of flying at
 $3,000 or $4,000 an hour whatever it was back then I'm like all these like it would be three quarters a million dollars
 I said well, how many of my my part was you know, don't worry about it
 You know, I'll be 30 40 50 thousand something like that probably 30 40,000
 I'm thinking 30,000 in 12 days 30,000 12 days. Holy shit
 And he goes so you know says so the dates are anything else and I said well, uh, you know, let me let me check my calendar
 And there's this long pause and he goes check your in calendar. Excuse my French, but that's what he said. He said
 Did I hear you crack up and inviting you to be with 11 of the most brilliant people on the face of the earth for 12 days
 You can learn and you're checking. I said no, no, I'm putting it on my calendar. I said
 So I hang up the phone and I'm like, oh, holy shit. I gotta commit to this
 So I blocked out the days kind of the economics when I get on the plane with these guys and those days
 I wouldn't even take an aspirin and these guys all take out ambient and they're gonna be sleeping for 14 hours
 And there weren't enough beds and so the owner of the plane is still a good friend to this day
 Says what will alternate beds? Like no, no, you know, I'm gonna stay up. Hold time. I got left to work
 Stay at 14 hours. I said no, no, I'm busy and so they all go to bed. I'm sitting there rocking
 They leave my head for 14 hours going. Oh my god 30 40 thousand dollars 12 days
 They're what the hell am I doing here? I was miserable
 And so we finally get there and you know, we go through Cambodia and anger watch and all these places
 I know we're probably three days into we just did a bike ride to Vietnam
 And I get on the plane we're about three or four days into I'm still miserable
 And the the guy who's the richest man in Canada sits next to me. It's his point
 He's reading the paper. I'm reading the paper and he's there. Also, I get this smack on my paper
 I pulled down me smacks it again
 Because I want to talk to you. I'm like, okay. He says, uh, I just he said, I'm pissed
 I said, you're pissed at big shit. I pissed off the richest man on the trip. It's his plane with the house of body goes
 Everywhere we go everywhere we go people. We don't even speak English Tony. Ah Tony left on he left on he left on he we're in China
 We're in camp. Oh, he goes, you know, I'm a John worth under richest man in Canada. You know, he businesses I have
 I've never seen what he looked me to face and say I love you
 I've provided income for their kids everything else. He went on and on and he seemed so intense and then he smiled
 And they realized he's messing with me
 And he said, I have the impression you don't think you deserve to be here that you're not one of us
 And he said Tony, you know, I gave to me I was 30. It was to be 30 years old
 Because when I was 30, I made my first million loss and I was broke. He said you got an island. You got this you got that
 He said, it's the things not that's not the things from it
 And he asked me my goals and at the time I thought someday I'd serve in the political environment
 I run for president on my own my own money my own standard. It's not my goal now
 I've served for presidents and I have a very different view of the political system today
 I want to be independent what i'm doing
 But he said, well, if you want to do that, Tony
 He said, you know
 You need to understand one of the most important principles of wealth and this is like out of the whole trip
 It was worth the whole trip. It was just one phrase proximity is power
 He said right now if you want to make a movie and I hadn't done shower house
 But I was in I don't know 25 movies
 You know, you have so many people in the movie business producers directors writers
 They're all your fans and he said you're doing anything they put you in all these movies
 He said if you had a script you liked he said it was decent. You know everybody in it. You're in proximity of them
 They want to put you in the movie. They're doing it all the time. You can make your own film
 He said, but if you want to do what I am he said do a deal with him
 He said don't know disrespect. He said you have a hard time. Do you know anybody in IBM?
 He said if you want that kind of wealth, how many investment bankers do you know and I said no
 I don't know a couple of dozen of them. He said how many spend time with I said
 Not many he said you need to go spend time with them
 I said yeah, but I want to give them something
 I don't have a plan it goes just get in proximity
 Be around them
 They're gonna want to know you're gonna want to do a deal with you
 And so I did because of this and I became part of this group and it's still part of it to this day
 We do two or three trips a year and uh, but what was great was, you know
 The first three four months I did this I went probably to New York and probably met with I don't remember five or six different
 These these top financial guys
 Bussman bankers I came back to the next trip and he's like hey dude. How'd you do?
 And I said well, man these seven seven you call that massive action
 He just came to get
 And so I kept doing it for three years two and a half years
 And the woman in my life of a time's like why are you going to New York again is such a waste the time?
 I said no, I'm just gonna keep doing this
 One day I got a deal that made me 30 million dollars in a month
 And I not made 30 million dollars in my life at that point
 And then I got a deal that made me half of 400 million dollars
 I could took company public in three months
 And then I also lost most of that on the stock market crash in 1999
 But it taught me the power of proximity and that became my fundamental mastermind now today my mastermind is larger than that
 I'm constantly working with people. Sometimes it's one or two
 But it's the best in the world that what they do. I coach them and I'm not dumb enough to think
 I should only be learning from that. I should be teaching them. I gotta learn from them too. So putting masterminds together
 That's what I do now. I you know, I took my original group, you know our color, so as scorpions
 You know, we'll start our song the arrow smith song dude looks like a lady. We teach each other mercilessly
 We have a little scorpion symbol and stuff and it's really unique people
 But I agree to my partners and my lions and I bring them together and I compress decades of the days
 I share the best I learned but I get them to teach each other this last weekend
 I got a group of 44 of them that are my highest donors to my foundation
 So I honor them by doing a place at my home in Palm Beach here
 And I had here like last year I brought in Tom Brady
 I brought in Michael Phelps, you know, I brought him the goats the greatest of all time
 Michael Phelps got more gold medals than anybody in history, right?
 You know, Tom Brady greatest quarterback in history this year I brought them uh kevin heart
 I think the greatest entertainer hardest working man in the business. He's made 45 movies in 15 years
 How the f you do that? We found out we did it. How's he built his brand from nothing?
 How's he done this and save all that time that this guy's a genius to do?
 He's smarter than almost even you know the business
 And you know, I brought in uh mike tyson because I wanted to show them
 Give you the best in the world and that success is not a vaccination against suffering
 He was in such pain before and then how he changed and then I brought in konam and gregor who says he's retired
 But i'll be coaching him on his next fight
 I'm sure, you know, he's the genius where he's he's ready
 He's ready to do this thing but he's got to get his right place
 So he'll retire until they pay on the right amount
 Here's a guy that willed himself from nothing
 You know, it's got no money basically in his car working in his you know
 Apprentice plumber 12 hours today and he learned how to take control of his mind
 He taught us all things he did where he literally created himself being the best in the UFC
 Of course did it in two different belt levels two different weights classes simultaneously
 No one's done that in history. So learning by other people's experience is the
 Ticket there is nothing that you can do that comes even close
 Like i'm gonna dam how great your education has been
 You need an education that's current for the people that have done it and you got to learn how to extract it
 That's what we do. That's what dean's done for 20 years with bimon for 42 years
 So between the 60 years how many years for you now?
 Well, i've been in the business for 15 so i'll give you a little bit in there
 75 years between the three of us
 I think we got a few things we could share with you if you really want to go to the next level
 So cool. Well last thing and then we'll kind of wrap this glad I think people understand the power of self-education about masterminds and groups
 I think the probably the biggest thing I think people are going to be thinking is like well
 Of course you can do it tony you are tony or russell your russell or dean whatever, but i know
 As we work on this project you guys have found a lot of people that are doing this that aren't
 You know, it's not just like you want to be a tony robins or rustle bruns or whatever to go and craze them like this
 Like this is happening at all sorts of levels all sorts of people all sorts of industries
 And um, I know I can share a couple, but I love to see if you've got some as well
 They have just people there i'll tell you how simple it is. It's like I was talking to a woman
 This is a few years ago. She makes you know the average person that cuts here makes 60 grand a year
 This one makes $350,000 a year. I remember saying to her first of all is blown away
 You know, you feel her presence. She's just an extraordinary human being anyway, right?
 But I just said what is it that is really giving you this gift?
 I started interviewing her and pulling these out of her. I said you've got to teach this
 There's so many people who love what they do, but they make so little income
 And so we started talking with her and dean started talking there sure enough
 She started craze these little classes for herself right little workshop mastermind
 She shares and they do the mastermind together
 And she not only still makes all the much does there
 But she makes as much money in her little classes as she did in everything else
 But she feels this meaning another level of meaning that's like I have all these people that love me
 She said because I've helped them grow their income like three
 You know tenfold fivefold sixfold from where they were and she goes, it's it's made my life feel even more joyous
 So she has the meaning edge of the model
 I think that's the difference
 But literally you can do this in an issue you could be in sales and you have some expertise
 You're good negotiator. You got some expertise. You know how to write software better. You got some expertise
 Anything where there's expertise can be modeled, but again a lot of times you don't realize all you do
 I'm really good and deans really good at extracting you are too like what is it that really works and
 monetizing it and then putting in software so does it for you and then also
 It's like what we've done for these people's I realized they could even extract it being into how to structure a course
 Whether it's a workshop or just gonna be a mastermind or whether it's gonna be a membership group
 That's ongoing there are three different ways of doing it and they can be big
 You're I do 10 15 even my biggest ones this year 50,000 person events football stadiums
 But you know you can do it with five people 25 people it could be the mastermind
 It could be the workshop you might want to be somebody that extracts it from other people
 That's how I started. I was kind of a knowledge broker promoting other people and then like money
 That's the game. I went and pulled all that knowledge out. Well once I learned it I became an expert in that field
 10,000, 10,000 percent without spending one more penny and we systematize that
 So this is both the software that we're gonna put together and the course and then that's what people get the opportunity to learn about
 It can be done with anything. I'm so excited for this
 You've seen because I know you work with so many. I guess so many fun ones
 We have one lady who's a boudoir photographer and was doing that as a thing for a while
 And then eventually people had other photographer friends like how are you charging?
 I don't know exactly the fees like hundred bucks a session for regular photographer versus like a thousand for a boudoir photographer
 So shardines little groups and bringing people together like this is how I do what I do
 And later that became courses and books and stuff that for her
 But a lot of times people think that if they're gonna get in the education business
 It's like I have to write a book which I'm writing my third book right now
 And it's like the most painful process I've ever I think it's my wife gets mad when I say this
 But I think it's worse than giving birth like there's more pain. I think than that
 I've actually said I loud but it's like so painful. I think a lot of people think that's what they have to do if they want to share the information
 Like maybe eventually maybe eventually of course
 But like the fastest way is like get people in the room put them together and share it like that
 And it's like the fastest way to do it
 Every time you do it too because I want to address something you just said a minute ago if I make it
 I don't want to leave this go by
 The I'm not a Russell. I'm not a Tony. I'm not a dean. Well, I created this guy Tony Robbins
 He's me. Don't get me wrong
 But the temple which I speak the way I live
 It's it's it's a result of all that I've learned now the reason I speak about this
 This intensity so I have so much passion because I have so much knowledge
 I didn't have any of this to start with. I wasn't this guy
 I trained myself to be this guy part of what I do in the course is I people have the knowledge
 We can give you all the skill. You still won't fall through it still dealing with the fear that stops people
 It's the fear of reject just the fear of failure
 And so part of our course is doing what I did to myself to literally condition myself
 And I know you've done the sun Russell to get yourself the ball through
 I mean you use some of your athletic ability because you know used to train yourself as a wrestler
 I remember, you know, I trained I was an athlete too
 But the training I did with my mind in this area and my emotions this area was more important than anything else
 I learned and if you don't get that training
 Then you'll just be another person taking another damn course. So I told dean from the very beginning
 I said we're gonna give them the best tools. We're gonna give them the best technology
 I'm gonna give them the best follow-up coaching. I'm gonna be the best, you know blueprint
 We're gonna give them the best tools literally online tools and computer tools
 Software but we got to make sure we give them the best emotional tools because 80% of success is psychology
 And learning how to change that and you've done that to yourself. You sculpted yourself
 You weren't always this guy wasn't always this guy Dean wasn't so I don't want people to negate that plus
 You don't need to go out and do something that can hold 10 or 15 thousand people at a time
 All you need to do is be able to do something called five or 10 or 15 or 20
 Or not even hold anybody develop a mastermind where the mastermind itself brings that energy to the group
 So don't undersell yourself
 Please because so many people do that all you got to do is do what's next
 Do what's next do what's next and before you know it. I always tell people most people
 They overestimate what they're gonna do in a year
 And they underestimate what they're gonna do in a decade and a decade goes that fast
 10 years from now Jim roshes to say, you know 10 years from now, well surely you'll surely arrive the questions where and if you get started now
 You won't believe where you are. I mean for me. This is my fourth decade 42 years doing this
 I started when I was three of course, but you can
 So cool. Well, I appreciate you telling jumping on doing the interview with me today
 I this something this would be so super huge for people and we would jump off the line
 I'll tell everybody a little bit more about exactly what's including the program and the software and the training
 All that kind of stuff so they can get deeper and jump into it
 But I just want to thank you so much for your time and spending spending time doing this and also this project
 I know this is this is the first big course you put out like this for for how long it's been
 Spent quite a few years hasn't it?
 Of course completely different and I'm excited about it because I'm also excited about working with you working with dean
 It's fun to do something synergistically usually I carry the whole thing on back
 It's nice to all of you do together and bring in the different flavors and insights for people
 I think people would deeply touch and it's just it's meaningful
 It's meaningful for me to have the privilege today to do nowhere. I've come from the nowhere where I get to be today
 And it's all this path and we're showing people the exact path how they can do it from self-starting for wherever they are
 So blessings to all of you. Thanks for having me on brussel. We'll have to see you soon, brother
 Awesome. Thanks Tony. Appreciate you man. God bless
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 You can get a free copy at expert seekers calm and book number two is called comm seekers
 And you get your free copy at comm seekers calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back sass startup company in the world
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
