 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I'm whispering it now because I'm actually
 sitting here at Dean Grosseldice's office
 Tony Robbins is in the room next door and we're doing this huge
 Launch for the KBB method at mastermind.com, which is kind of crazy
 And I'm gonna be up in like 30 minutes from now
 And so I asked my brother when it's done is to rip whatever I say and make it a podcast episode
 So I have no idea what's gonna happen. I'm not gonna say hopefully something good comes out of it
 But it's part of a really fun promotion. We're doing last year. We did this launch
 It was the biggest launch in the history of the internet and this is year two. So hopefully we do well
 But I'm gonna be sharing stuff about the knowledge of business to be an expert and just all the cool things
 So hopefully you guys enjoy it. We'll come back from the theme song as long as nothing goes really really bad
 My brother will be plugging in my part of the presentation from tonight's live event
 So hope you love it and we'll talk soon. Bye everybody
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Look at this by magic
 Good to have you back look at two years in a row
 I'm so happy to be here
 For those of you don't know Russell Russell's been a dear friend for I think we've known each other for 12 years since we were both at a charity event
 We met I think it's over a decade
 Russell started the company called click funnels one of the fastest growing
 What would you say? What's the definition of your company besides a world changer like he made being online and
 Marketing and building web changes. I'm losing simple terminology to exist on the planet one of the fastest growing sass and
 Development companies that's not backed by other capital just by bootstrapping built one of the most amazing companies on the planet
 I'm just and started with no business background really right was a wrestler and dedicated human being
 I was just wanted to help people. I mean that's really your driving force
 It still is you come across so humble. You're so skilled
 And we met you came over my seminars about 12 years ago
 So we don't each other at that time and I just watch you grow geometrically
 And you know in the online business like anyplace else there are industries where there are people that are extraordinary
 And there's a lot of people that are so so and some that are crooks
 And unfortunately there's a lot of crooks
 You were so the opposite you operate with such integrity and such commitment to add value to other people
 I'm just like we're privileged to have you as a dear friend and thank you for coming on. Oh, thanks. I'm yeah
 Wow
 Amazing. I'm excited because like I've told me this before like I got started this business watching him on infomercials with a pad of paper taking notes
 Like this is amazing and then Tony the first time I heard about Tony
 I went on eBay and by every one of your courses
 I literally every one of them and then my wife and I listened to car driving everywhere
 And the first time I chance to meet it was like one of the most amazing moments of my life
 So I just grateful to be sitting here in the room with you guys, which is so much fun
 So so you're back there watching us
 Sometimes there's so much information to share you could complicate it
 And I just want I was hoping you could come in and say what are the parts that we can cut through the chase and show people how they can get started on this path
 For sure, I think for everyone who's watching
 You know you're listening this and there's a reason why you showed up here today, right?
 There's what 460,000 people registered
 So there's a reason everybody was hearing a message and they showed up to be here
 And I think then it comes to time where I hey if you like what you're learning
 There's the opportunity to go and take the next step and people get scared all the time
 And I've kind of found my in my I'm doing this online
 There's usually three main reasons why people don't get started and the first one is that they're scared of the vehicle like the the thing, right?
 So for for this whole opportunity, that's all about like it's you taking your knowledge and turning it into these amazing things
 And I'm not going to spend too much time on that because I think I mean right there's the stack of what?
 1,000
 1,100 wins in the last 12 months. Um, you've seen this is how I've built my company Tony's done the Dean's done it
 Jen has done like like it's it's not like it's like a new weird thing, right?
 Like it's there it's happening and I think that for most people I think they believe that like okay
 This is actually a legitimate. It's a real thing
 It's a way that I can that I can serve I can change people's lives
 But then the second one this is what I want to spend most time in is people's internal fear like okay
 I believe that this is really really good
 But I don't know if if I can actually do it and so I want to spend a little time talking about that
 Um, and some of my notes. I was writing back here
 And I think I'm a big believer in this. I'm guessing these guys believe the same thing
 But I really do believe that business is a calling. Yes
 It's a calling and you've been called to serve a group of people and um for any of you guys who are here today
 My guess is you heard that calling and it's like this tug and it's this pull and um, you know in um in the new testament talks about many
 Or called the fewer children like they we get the calling everyone has the chance you have these opportunities where you're called and you feel this
 This this this pressure pulling you into something you're not sure what to do and you're nervous and you're scared
 And all these things happen and most people just walk away from it
 They feel the tug and then like ah, this is there's too much fear or scared or so whatever that is
 And so again, my guess is you felt that that that calling and you've been called to serve and there's a group of people
 You can change it literally changed their life, which is like the most amazing
 I think give the most this can have in this life
 and um
 I have a close friend Ryan Moran and he he had a quote that he told me the other day that I thought it was a cool thing
 He said an entrepreneur is someone who takes personal responsibility for a problem that is not their own
 You think about it most of the world think there's a problem coming from like, oh, that's not mine. That's not mine. They're running away
 Where's the entrepreneur like huh?
 I think I could fix that. I think I'm like maybe I'm the one that's supposed to be doing that
 And it's the opposite what the rest of the world is doing
 So you've heard that you felt that calling and it's like maybe maybe that's me
 And I look at these 1100 people and how many 4000 niches?
 It's amazing so 4000 nation means there's 4000 problems out there that that are being solved with an entrepreneur
 There's a person like you who's hearing that and like maybe maybe that's my thing
 Maybe I'm the one that's supposed to you know
 And my first business was teaching people to make potato guns
 I was the guy like like that was my first thing like I'm gonna and I don't know if you remember I said
 I do remember you said me one
 First time I met Tony, I was like how do you impress a guy who's got everything?
 I sent him a potato guy. I sent him a potato guy
 So fun, but that's the thing is like is that's like our role is we hear the calling and then we're the ones who say look
 Man like that that's a that's a challenge. That's an opportunity. I'm gonna take personal responsibility
 I'm gonna be the person who does this who helps this you know
 Dean when he started this business
 It's like I'm gonna be the one who helps people to bring knowledge out when Tony started his
 Like I'm gonna be the person who's gonna take this thing and I think that's the thing
 And now what's interesting
 I think for most of us is the calling when you hear it when you feel it that feeling it's never at a convenient time ever
 And you don't feel prepared when you go for it
 Scary seeing work your courage muscle. It's the scariest thing in the world
 And I was looking through just as I was as I was listening around thinking about some of the the people that I've had a chance to be around
 Who have big impact on me? I've seen that big impacts on on different different industries in different different markets
 And there are a couple stories that that that really spoke to me
 I want to kind of share with you guys one of them is from one of my friends Chris Wark and Chris
 He runs a site called Chris beat cancer.com and Chris is like a perfect example
 He's a guy who's like living a normal life everything's happening and then he comes down with cancer
 Which is god
 I can't even imagine that and the fear and all the things that happen with that and he went through the process
 and he figured out ways and eventually he's able to to cure himself of cancer and
 And in this time, it's like he feels this calling of like I need help other people
 But it's like man like I just got my life back like there's so many things I could be doing
 But like that that calling that feeling of just like I've got to help people I have to give back
 I have to serve like I've been given so much my life
 I need help other people and I've seen as he's transformed now thousands of people's lives because of this
 This this challenge he got which became such a such a gift his mask became his message
 About right he's masked but he became something can help everybody with it's beautiful
 So such a such a cool thing another one is Annie Grace is one of my favorite people Annie actually
 Had a problem with alcohol addiction and she was a business woman
 She was traveling all around the world and she got the point where she was doing these meetings with people and they you know
 Everyone out and they had a drink and eventually she woke up one day
 I realized like I have a problem and you stopped the singing and she didn't know how to stop it
 And she tried a whole bunch of different things
 To try to overcome that and none of the traditional routes or things really worked
 And so she sat down and said I have to figure like how how do our mind actually work?
 What causes addictions and what is the thing that's making so I can't break this addiction?
 No matter how much I try all the different programs that are out there and throughout time she figured out
 The psychological effects and how to shift and how to break it how to reverse it and she's gone on written books
 She does a venge just courses teaching people how to break the chains of alcohol addiction
 Which also relates to pretty much any addiction and I've watched her
 Well, she had this thing that was like like the worst time like you just recovered from this problem
 You've had and all of a sudden you feel this calling of like you need help people like why am I qualified?
 I have the problem like I'm the least qualified person in the world
 That's actually what makes you the most qualified person
 Yeah, actually makes you solve it, right?
 100%
 This is not intellectual, it's real results
 That's the difference between that traditional education and what this is really all about
 And I've had a chance to see now with her just like looking at her community of these people's lives
 She changed families, she saved like all these things because she's she's going out there
 And like I said, I know I assume everyone's felt that
 I'm sure all you guys listening to felt that call and that poll of just like god
 I need help
 Alex Sharfen calls it the contribution gap like I know I need to be doing more
 I don't know what it is. I'm scared. I'm I'm fearful
 But it's like it's being willing to take that step being the entrepreneur saying
 I'm gonna take personal responsibility for that problem. I'm gonna take it and make it my own
 And so that's kind of the first step in this this process
 One question that we got on the questions I was reading through here is like what
 Like who's gonna listen to me like I'm just I'm just a person, right?
 And um and I always kind of laugh because like when I go back home tonight
 I'm gonna go back to my family and I'm just a person but like you're right
 But we all know that way and um
 I think that a lot of times we're scared of like I don't know if I'm I'm not qualified yet
 Or maybe when I get to this certain point then I'll be ready then I'll be ready and like we have this uh
 We call them on yanah principles like oh tomorrow
 Marnyana, I'm on yanah, I'll be ready to keep pushing it off till till forever. It never actually happens
 And uh there's uh there's a a movie catch me if you can
 Of course and there's also a book and in the the book version is a little longer than the movie
 There's uh it's the story of a guy who's uh who's um he uh he's a con artist so it's not
 You know the best the best role model but it was a fun movie. It's a fun movie. I'm not the guy, he's a real guy. Oh, do you really?
 Yeah, it's a true story. Oh, well in the book he tells this the story where he actually um
 Between all the different things he did and he was an airline pilot. He was a doctor
 He did all these different crazy things and one thing he went to um Brigham Young University
 And actually became a sociology professor. He's walked in one day
 There's no teacher he grabs the book and gets up there and teaches an entire semester of advanced sociology
 And later when the feds catch him for all these crazy things he's done. They ask him like how did you teach
 A semester of advanced sociology to these people and say oh it was easy. I just got the book and read one chapter ahead
 I think what's interesting is like it's so true for all this is like we're thinking like when I'm when i'm Tony Robbins
 Then i'm gonna go serve the people i'm gonna help people and say no like you can help people today
 Like you look back like who my who my one chapter ahead who my one or two steps ahead of that can look back and start helping
 Like if I would have waited to share my message about you know
 And I teach people how to how to build companies with sales phones
 Like I would have waited until like until I was ready. I never would have been men ready
 In fact talking about this whole concept of if the calling is never convenient like I remember when I started this company
 It was like um I built up a company it collapsed. I'd fired 80 people. I was in the brink of like bankruptcy
 I littered a mouth to make me a lawyer. We're talking through all the things and all of a sudden like I felt the calling
 I was like it was like you need to start talking about the story. I'm like I don't want to tell this
 This is the horrible story. I still want to tell it
 And for me, I started sharing it. I like I started a podcast. I started talking about it
 I started talking about this journey. I was going on and um
 And it was painful and it's embarrassing and at first it's kind of interesting because when you first start talking
 I think a lot of times we're nervous because it's like all people are gonna make fun of us
 But at the beginning no one's actually listening to you and so it doesn't really matter like
 The beginning that's the chance for you to like find your voice and learn how to actually do it
 And so it's not about the other people the first it's about you learning your voice and how to do the thing and getting a chapter ahead of the time
 And after you get a chapter ahead, you can look back and start helping people
 So I'm in the middle of this the brink of bankruptcy and I'm like
 Like I feel the calling like start publishing start doing a podcast or doing whatever
 I start sharing these messages and I started figuring out my stuff and really quick
 All these people started kind of following me
 I'm like oh my gosh
 I'm supposed to a couple steps ahead and I could look back and then start helping them as well
 And I think that's a big thing to understand
 And then the last thing the internal I think that
 Um, I don't I don't think anyone's
 I don't want anyone to think like this business is always going to be so easy when you get rich overnight like that's not what this is
 This is this is the career. This is a lifestyle. This is a mission
 This is something that's you driven from beyond that. I think a lot of times where we're like, okay
 I'm gonna sign up for kvb tonight and then you next week i'm gonna make
 $50,000 like that's not how this works. That's not the game
 The game is you come out here and you're building a business. You're building a career. This is the lifestyle
 This is something more than than than any of those other things and
 I was reading a blog post today from one of my friends Nathan Barry and the blog post was called
 Endure long enough to get noticed and in this blog post he talked about he said how many movies
 Um or tv shows do you not hear about till season three or four or five? You know, how many how many
 How many?
 How many?
 I'm a side film. It's a total failure. Yeah, yeah
 Right. Yeah, one of the greatest small time exactly. I think what happens is right there's so much content
 So many people so many things happening so much noise happening that us as humans
 We wait to see what's gonna stick around long enough to actually rise to the top
 And so for a lot of us is understanding that going into this like like this isn't gonna be an overnight thing
 This is this is something I'm getting into this is gonna be a business
 But like I'm gonna start the process and make it a chapter head and then second chapter
 I'm gonna be learning this and as you keep doing that
 That's the process if you endure long enough like like you start today and then month now
 Then too much now six months now a year from a year from now you're gonna be in that big old stack of paper
 And in two years now you're gonna be up here on stage or take genocide
 You'll be telling your story
 But it's all about enduring long enough to get noticed keep doing the thing keep doing the thing
 And so hopefully I hope you guys have those who are thinking like I don't know if I can do it
 Um, you could ask my uh my friends in high school and and my family members and stuff like that
 um in fact I had um
 I served an admission from my church and the the guy who's kind of the believe the mission is called the mission president
 and uh
 He came to our last event and we did uh and he said man of all the people that I that I worked with 20 years ago
 He's like you are the least likely that I would ever thought was the person
 And it doesn't it doesn't have to do with your skills now
 Have to do with you just talking and sharing and and the more you do it the better you're getting the more comfortable
 So again, the first thing first first big fear is like people are scared of the vehicle like I don't know if this is for me
 Okay, I promise you this works. Um, it's worked for so many people
 Number two is can I do it and the answer is yes, you can do it
 And then the third fear people have is like the external field break. Well, I believe that this is right
 I believe I could do it, but I just don't know how to do it
 And like that's the whole point you shouldn't know how to do it
 That's why we have kb before you should go and you can figure it out like that's that's the best
 Say yourself years and years. I also you know what you said earlier is really true
 I want to say people I always tell people most people overestimate what they'll do in a year
 I underestimate what they're gonna do in a decade like look at what's happened
 You know, I've known you this last decade the growth has been insane
 But you know, I always overestimate it
 But because I kept doing it endured they just grows and grows and when you get multiple decades on you
 You'll be in a place you never dreamed of so that may sound too far for people to want an instant answer
 But you do have an instant answer you have the answer what to do now
 So you start with your like I did seven people and then you go to your 20 and you're 50 and you're 100
 And pretty soon you built something that you're unbelievably proud of because it's meaningful and it's impactful
 And you've been able to take care of your family and have the kind of economic freedom that you want
 You're perfect example of that wrestle. Thank you to that
 Also perfect example of an integrity is you have tremendous integrity. You're always looking to add more value
 It's same as us. I think it's why you've prospered so much brother. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that
 Yeah, and it's it's great. I mean you write books on this
 You help people on
 And and you know what? Jenna was right like we call it unpackaging your superpower exposing your superbound
 It sounds so big but when you look at people
 uh helping parents with eczema or through a divorce or the examples you gave here you realize your message
 Could you your mess could be your message or just that thing that you didn't realize that took you five years to figure out
 There's somebody starting on day one and they need it. So, um before
 Only because I know we're getting late here and I want to give everybody the opportunity
 But I don't want to leave without any last words or any last thoughts. Yes. I one last in fact is a quote
 So I'm gonna I'm gonna quote someone much greater than me if that's okay because this is like one of my favorite quotes
 Of all time and I'm hopefully this will ring true to you. So this is from sir Winston Churchill
 Um, he said to each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder
 And offered the chance to do a very special thing unique to them and fitted to their talents
 What a tragedy at that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their kind their finest hour
 Wow
 For everyone listening like again business is a call you've been called to serve a group of people
 You have been called to change their lives
 And you felt that's why you're here. That's why you're still on two hours into singing because you're you're filling it and you're like
 You know this is for you, but you're scared and you're nervous and all those things and it's okay
 You should be scared like I'm
 You know, I'm scared coming out here like I'm like shaking in my boots right now
 It's okay. You still gotta show up and just do the thing
 Um because there are people out there who are waiting for you to change their lives
 And you can't do it till you take that first step
 Because the the chance is gonna come where you could have changed someone's life if you're not prepared
 Um what a tragedy that'd be for you, but more importantly, it would even bigger what a tragedy is for them
 So take advantage move forward because you have the ability to change some of life
 And this the the tools you're gonna learn in this process will help you to be able to do that
 So a lot of times we we worry about ourselves when we make a decision like this
 Like how is it gonna affect me and things like that?
 And I would I would challenge you to flip it around the other way and be like
 Who are the people I've been called to serve like how will me taking the step change their lives for your family?
 Yeah, your family people around like it's interesting like when you shift away from like how am I gonna make money?
 Like how can I serve people the money will come it just it does but like that I can't tell you like
 I felt a lot of big wins in my life and it's like oh, it's really fun
 But like when you get a chance to help someone else have that impact and you see them win
 There's nothing better than that in the world and you have a chance to experience that some some of you for the first time in your life
 And when you have a chance to do that and you see something else the light bulb go off the life change
 You're like, oh my gosh, I was a little piece in that journey
 There's no better feeling that in the whole world
 So I hope you guys can all experience that as you go through this program and change life to the people that you've been called the serve
 [music]
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel away from something
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand
 This strategy help you understand tactics help you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 (upbeat music)
