 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson.
 And today I am recording a special podcast.
 This will be going both on my marketing secrets podcast as well as the ClickFunnels
 radio podcast as well.
 And this is one I've been really nervous to record and talk about.
 And I've waited a couple weeks, but today I wanted to do a podcast talking about
 Dave Woodward, one of my closest friends ever, the CEO of ClickFunnels.
 And someone who, if you follow me or follow any of the ClickFunnels family,
 you know that he passed away a couple weeks ago.
 And that's the podcast about, I want to talk about Dave in a very happy,
 fun, exciting way to tell stories about him and his life.
 In a way that hopefully all of us can remember him.
 I've been trying to think through this and write out notes and
 a million different things and as I keep trying to do that realizing,
 he's just delaying me from just doing this.
 And so I'm just going to jump into it without notes, which is kind of an outline
 of my head of where I want to go.
 And a couple things, I had a chance to speak as funeral,
 which was just a really special experience, a moment for me.
 And I got permission from his family to be able to share that with you guys.
 And so I'm going to be taking my, I don't know, 10 or 15 minute presentation.
 I'll play that probably towards the end here.
 And so I'll probably leave the gaps to stuff I want to talk about,
 because some of the things I talk about during that speech.
 And so, yeah, so I want to start with actually a post I made on December 6th.
 So December 6th that morning.
 And I knew, obviously we've known, it's been 18 months that we found out
 that Dave had the tumor and just in fighting this battle and there were times
 of like, high highs where we feel like we conquered the world and
 times where it was tough and back and forth and back and forth.
 And it's weird though, because like, I don't know, Dave's invincible.
 I always thought for sure there was no way he wasn't going to win.
 And it's crazy though, the last month or so is we got close.
 We got closer.
 And I always went from, Dave always talked about like my goals to get back on top
 and be better than it was before.
 I'm going to, you know, just, you know, David's core, always shooting for the stars
 and working towards it and trying to figure out how to get there.
 And about a month, about a month left, you start seeing things change.
 And it was interesting.
 It actually very comforting for me is his messaging shift and transition from like,
 I'm going to try to do this thing to like, it's okay.
 Like, I'm getting things ready.
 And then he started almost getting excited.
 It was interesting.
 You're talking about like, you know, the afterlife and death.
 And you could tell that he'd gotten a spot where he accepted it.
 And you know, in my mind, I was like, no, no, like we're going to fight this, we're
 going to fight this.
 And he's like, you know, it was just, it was interesting to watch that transition.
 And it also gave me some pieces as it got towards December 6th.
 In fact, we had one very scary moment that ended up being, for me, probably the biggest
 blessing in the matter.
 I was at wrestling practice and I got out wrestling practice.
 This is probably week prior.
 It's like the first week of December.
 And I don't know, my phone, there's a text from, from Dave's family saying basically,
 like, hey, he just woke up and he was, during this time he was sleeping, you know, 23 hours
 a day.
 And so he just woke up.
 He told us he has an hour to live.
 And if you want to say you're finally going to the buys, like now is the time.
 And I don't know how to, how do you react to something like that?
 Like, I'm in wrestling practice.
 I'm racing home, jumping in the shower trying to get clean.
 And, you know, Klet and I are there and we're crying and then we're racing over their home.
 And it was one of the most beautiful, beautiful moments.
 Like, everyone who was in the room, he had a chance to go and give them some closure.
 And during that time he had been struggling to speak and struggling to, you know, and
 it was crazy because during that time he was able to look at each person and say something
 so profound.
 And so important for them to hear, I think, oh, I was hoping this wasn't going to get
 emotional for me.
 But anyway, one of the, the thing he told me is he grabbed me closely and looked at
 me and eyes and said, you changed my life.
 And then, you know, typical day of humor, he's just like, all right, when we got dead,
 he's like, all right, guys, like, I'm going to heaven.
 Love you guys.
 We'll see you, you know, and he laid down any, can I feel like a sleep and all of us
 are looking at him and watching, you know, his chest breathe and we're just like, he's
 going to stop right now.
 It's going to happen.
 It was just like so much, there's so much fear, so much, you know, we sat there for probably
 30 minutes or so.
 And then the family decided they want to have a prayer and like, well, it's beautiful
 prayers.
 I've ever heard my life basically saying it's okay.
 And like, you know, we're so grateful for time with our father and, you know, that if
 you're ready for him to have you back, like, we're okay with that now too.
 And, and the prayer got done and we all sat there and I think part of us out during the
 prayer, he was going to pass away and then looked over afterwards and he was still breathing
 and then, you know, typical day of, you see his little finger starts, starts moving and
 he's like, I'm still here.
 Like, I think it's a ball of pressure.
 Ah, this is the hardest I thought it was going to be.
 I'm going to go back to my room.
 So we get him up and we walk him to his room and, and lays back in his bed and then kind
 of like, all right, well, I don't know what that means.
 Like, what do we do?
 And, you know, and so we, you know, clap and I left, but it was like for, for me, it was
 just such like, um, so I feel like it's going to be okay.
 Um, and then a couple of days later, you know, I'd gone back kind of back and forth trying
 to visit much like, but also trying to be respectful of, um, the family and, you know,
 he's only wait for 20, 30 minutes a day and I didn't want to, I didn't want to hog all
 his time.
 Even though I wanted to hog all his time, if I had no chance to go over and spend time
 between then and then, um, I think it was December 4th or 5th or something.
 I was on a call, or I was on a zoom call or something.
 I looked down on my phone and there was a call from Dave Woodward, which, you know,
 didn't mean Dave Vox.
 Like, we said in Vox, we don't talk on the phone.
 I saw that in my heart, like, drop.
 And I was like, so I got off the call, a crook I could, I called him back and his kids have
 the phone.
 They had big smiles on the face like, dad wants to talk to you again real quick.
 It's like, I take the phone to him and he's in bed about to fall back to sleep.
 Biggest smile on his face.
 Like, I took a screenshot actually on my phone.
 Biggest smile on his face.
 He's like, Hey man, I love you.
 I'm going to bed.
 I'm probably not going to wake up.
 Um, so I'm going to see you in heaven, but not too soon.
 And, uh, like, you know, just happy as can be a typical, happy Dave.
 And he was much as he wanted to be here fighting to, when he knew there was time, like, he
 was okay.
 Like, there's something I got to do over here.
 There's a mission.
 There's, there's work I got to do.
 Um, so anyway, December 6th, when I got the, the message in the morning that he had passed,
 it was just like, you know, we had that day crazy thing.
 We're filming all this stuff and everything's supposed to be happening.
 It's just everything stopped.
 And I don't know what to do.
 I was just like, I just need to go home and write something.
 I don't know what I need to write.
 I just need to go home and write something.
 So I remember going home and I sat there on Facebook trying to make a post.
 Um, and it took me two or three hours to kind of, to know what you want to say.
 And I don't know if it was the right thing to say, but, um, I want to read what I said.
 And hopefully it'll be helpful for some of you guys.
 Um, so it was on December 6th that said, if you study the hero's journey, there's seven
 character archetypes.
 One of those archetypes is the ally.
 The ally is the character who assists the hero in their adventure because any adventure
 worth pursuing is too difficult for one person to overcome alone.
 Frodo had Sam Wise Gamgee, Joseph Smith had Hyram and I had Dave Woodward.
 David, in my life at a very, at the very beginning of my entrepreneurial journey, looking back
 now, I know that he was a gift from God to be beside me as I tried to climb an impossible
 mountain.
 Over the years, we've shared the highest highs.
 All the crazy click funnel stories over the year have all involved Dave, but also the
 lowest lows.
 There are many nights at two or three o'clock in the morning long after everyone else had
 gone home and gone to bed that Dave and I were still at the office fighting battles for
 a cause that we believed in.
 I remember one particularly stressful night around Christmas time during one of our super
 late night early morning work sessions telling him that if I had to go to one of the first
 war and I could only pick one person to go with me, it would be you, Dave.
 This morning Dave passed away after 18 month long battle with cancer.
 18 months ago I walked into his office just minutes after he had found out about the tumor
 and this giant of a man was on his knees talking to his heavenly father.
 He told us that this cancer brings more people closer to Christ than I will do it.
 I had a chance to walk with him during his journey and hear stories about dreams and visions
 he had about Christ and him spending time with others who had passed on before him.
 In his family's post today, they said that one of the last things he did was open his
 eyes and said, "It really is forever."
 It's a party on their side and I have work to do.
 I know doubt that he had a chance to see a glimpse of eternity and if nothing else came
 back one last time to help strengthen our faith and our Savior Jesus Christ and our ability
 to be together as families again someday.
 Dave is the greatest example I've ever known.
 He is an amazing wife who loves him.
 He is a great kid who adored him.
 He built a company that has changed lives to millions of people around the world and
 he passed away true to his faith.
 He won.
 What more could you want in life?
 Now because of Dave, we all have a standard to live up to.
 I want to see him again.
 I want to be with him again.
 I want to be like him.
 I'm committed to growing closer to Christ because of Dave.
 It really is forever and through him Jesus Christ we can be together forever someday.
 I started this post by saying that Dave was my ally because I'm finishing it.
 I'm realizing that the whole time he's been my guide.
 I have some pictures of him and me having a pie fight at the office, collecting order
 forms, staying together, hanging out all around the world and crazy things.
 It's interesting because Dave and I used to talk about the heroes journey all the time
 and it's interesting because in my mind I'm the hero and I'm doing the singing and going
 on this conquest.
 Everyone's journeyed there to the hero.
 It's interesting because in your own journey you're the hero and you're trying to conquer
 this insurmountable path.
 Other people's journey, you're the ally or their guide or their, sometimes you're the
 person that's the enemy.
 You're the person fighting against him and it's just interesting.
 As I was thinking about the archetypes, Dave was the ally.
 He was there every single time.
 Every war I went into, he was there sitting next to me.
 Every hard conversation, everything that was struggling, he was there every single time.
 But also same time he, many aspects was the guy that he was taking me where I was supposed
 to go, helping me to become who I needed to be, helping me to remember God and Christ
 in the middle of all these things.
 Where a lot of times for me I would get so caught up in other things I would forget about
 that.
 Dave so many times was like, "Hey, this click from those things, it's not just the company.
 There's something big or something more important, something we're doing here, something special,
 something spiritual."
 Him and I both believe that are core.
 Our souls, why we spent so much time and energy doing these things.
 I just want to share some more Dave stories.
 I'm not going to share the story of how we met because I talked about that in the funeral
 so I'll share that at the end of this.
 But initially, immediately we connected and just became friends.
 I don't know what it was.
 There's something about him.
 I was just like, "I love this guy.
 I like talking to him."
 I remember when the first things that happened, I had done a promotion way back and they called
 the online market of the year.
 We got 30 or 40 Googers or experts to interview.
 In fact, the first time I interviewed Dan Kennedy and Bill Glaser and all these people
 would be part of this thing.
 I remember we got done.
 Dave or someone on his team, I remember, called us and he was like, "This is awesome.
 I want to do this well."
 He took the concept and he licensed it.
 He did the online network market of the year and he did a couple other ones using the same
 model, using the same thing.
 We worked together.
 I think we made some money together on that project.
 By the time I remember, I think MTV Cribbs was the big thing at the time.
 Dave was like, "I want to make MTV Cribbs but for internet marketers."
 He started this brand, this company called Legendary Marketers and he got into a plane
 and he flew to all these people's houses.
 I remember him flying to my house.
 He showed up with a camera crew and they're filming us and interviewing me and telling
 stories about, if my twin's now, we're 17 years old, we're a little tiny babies of the
 time and we're at my house.
 I don't even remember what I said.
 I'm sure I thought I was pretty cool at the time.
 Looking back now, this is Dorky Little Kid who was interviewing about our little business
 successes we had at that point.
 He had a chance to fly around the world and interview all these amazing, amazing people.
 Again, for somebody that I felt so connected to him, I wanted to do things.
 I kept trying to pull him into some of my crazy schemes and ideas all the time.
 I remember I bought a trademark, BodyEvolution.com and the trademark and I wanted to start a weight
 loss company.
 I'm so excited about this.
 Initially, we found some people who had been on the biggest loser who I'm really enjoying
 connected with and wanted them to be the faces of the company.
 I needed help running it.
 I asked Dave if he'd be interested.
 He came in and he was helping me run this company.
 It was funny because these people, they're such great people but they've gained a lot
 of weight since the show was over.
 Every time we meet with them, "Okay, you have to lose weight again because you're the faces
 of this fitness company."
 They were like, "Okay, we're going to do it."
 They come back three months later, fly back out.
 They had lost anyway and I'm like, "What do we do?"
 And Dave's like, "We need to tell them they got to lose weight."
 I'm like, "How do you tell someone that?"
 He's like, "They're the head of a fitness company.
 They got to lose weight."
 I remember I was too scared to say anything, too nervous and sure if they flew out there
 and Dave had them in a frank conversation.
 I'm like, "Hey, it's a deal, you guys.
 You're a head of a weight loss company.
 You have to lose weight or we have to cut you."
 I'm like, "How do you say that?"
 But he would always have the hard conversations I was too scared to have.
 Again, as my ally, "Okay, Russell's too scared to have this.
 I'll have a brutal conversation."
 That never worked with them and it fell apart and then later, him and his wife decided to
 become the faces of it.
 We went and filmed a whole bunch of products and courses with them as the face of the company.
 We tried that three or four times.
 We never were able to get that to really take off for whatever reason.
 Then a little while later, pretty click fun.
 I was taught and I built a software called ClickFusion.
 It was this webinar network.
 I remember calling Dave, "I want you to run this.
 I want you to be part of the enemy of Du Bois."
 He kept trying to get him to move to Boise.
 He would never, for whatever reason, he never did it at the time.
 He'd jump in the way he'd try.
 He'd help us work on things and all sorts of stuff.
 All these little companies, they never took off.
 I think he was waiting.
 He was like, "What's something that's going to take off that can be part of bigger?"
 We tried that.
 We tried other things.
 It probably does other things throughout the years.
 When ClickFunnels came about, we launched.
 It was taking off ends.
 We think we launched in whatever September.
 We launched earlier in the summer, a beta launch.
 September was our official launch.
 Then it went through.
 Then in January, we were at TNC.
 I had a chance to speak at TNC.
 I wanted to break out rooms about funnels and all sorts of stuff.
 I remember being so stressed out.
 I was like, "I want these people to understand ClickFunnels and what it is.
 This is the most important thing in the world."
 There were four or five breakout rooms happening all at the same time.
 I was like, "Okay."
 Dave was there.
 He'd come as an attendee, but we connected and we were seeing each other and we were
 talking about ClickFunnels stuff.
 I was like, "When you get people in my room, I'm like, "I don't know how to get people
 in my room."
 I was like, "What would be ideal?"
 I was like, "Can we actually get a whole bunch of ...?"
 Some of them, you go to industries and they have the different booths and they hire ... I
 don't know what's actually called ... maybe derogatory or so.
 I apologize if it is, but they call them booth babes.
 We're like, "You girls who get people that come to the booth."
 I'm like, "Oh, I forget a bunch of booth babes that could push people into our room."
 I just remember Dave was like, "How many do you need?"
 I'm like, "I'm up in like two hours."
 I was like, "How many do you need ideally?"
 I'm like, "I don't know.
 This isn't a real request.
 This is me just being a dorky teenage kid.
 I'm not a teenager, but a dorky kid."
 He jumps out, "I don't know, four or five would be amazing."
 He jumps off and he's calling.
 I don't know who he's calling.
 He's calling.
 He's calling him person after person, place after place and trying to figure out.
 20 minutes later he comes in, "All right, I got some booth babes."
 I'm like, "What?"
 He's like, "They'll be here in 30 minutes."
 We have funnel hacker T-shirts we can give him or whatever.
 I think so, trying to find stuff and all of a sudden, sure enough, 30 minutes later,
 four beautiful women show up.
 He's putting these funnel hacker shirts on and thinking, "This is your job.
 Your job is to get all these people into Russell's breakout room and he's coaching him
 and motivating him."
 As the last set and main session happens, everyone comes out on the hallways for a little break
 and they're trying to go into the different rooms.
 Sure enough, Dave's out there.
 All these women, he, beautiful girls, he hired to whatever.
 All of them were pushed to be with and sure enough of all the breakout rooms, mine had
 the majority of people, like standing remotely.
 Everyone was there because Dave had gotten everyone in there.
 I'm doing my thing and they won't let me pitch at this thing.
 I'm doing my entire funnel hacker presentation at the very end.
 I'm supposed to pitch.
 I'm not allowed to pitch instead.
 I'm like, "Oh, well, I'm not allowed to sell anything.
 If you want any more information, go back to our booth."
 It was crazy.
 The people who were in that room, I look at someone like the person I know for sure,
 Alex Hermose, who was in that room.
 He had a gym at the time, he was frustrated.
 He told me years later, "I was in the room.
 I heard what he said.
 I was like, 'I want that.'"
 That started him on this journey that came into our whole world.
 Who knows how many other people were affected because Dave was willing to do the crazy thing
 to get people into the room.
 That night, after it all happened, and we were just at dinner talking about dinner with
 me, Dylan, and Tala, all the people that were there with us and were talking about this.
 I remember Dave's like, "I want to be part of this.
 How do I be part of what you're doing?"
 I'm like, "What do you mean?"
 I'm like, "I want to be part of this."
 I'm like, "Well, do you want a job?"
 I'm like, "I know you make a really good make.
 I can't afford to pay you a good salary right now."
 He's like, "I don't care.
 I just want to be part of this."
 Dave had a great gig at the time.
 He was making insane amounts of money doing this real estate coaching, all sorts of stuff.
 I can't replace what you're making now.
 He's like, "I don't care."
 He's like, "I'm doing this at the late hours of the night or whatever."
 Weekends, I do this.
 The rest of the week, I work on ClickFunnels stuff.
 You still in California, you'd work remote during the time.
 We'd pay him whatever we were able to, and he was just going there figuring out how to
 serve and how to grow things.
 Within a very short period of time, we needed to figure out a way to make him more of a
 partner.
 We brought him in and gave him equity in the company.
 He would come fly out once a month to Boise to be part of the energy and excitement and
 be part of it.
 They fly back home and you could tell you so anxiously he wanted to be in the heat of
 it all the time.
 He would fly back and forth and eventually after about eight months or so, I think, it's
 like, "I need to move to Boise.
 I've got to be there."
 Everything's happening.
 I've got to be part of it.
 We'd be in the middle of the energy.
 Proximity is power.
 I've got to be in the middle of it.
 He got his family.
 They uprooted and they moved here to Boise to be part of it, to be in the middle of all
 of it.
 There's a lesson alone.
 Proximity is power.
 Being where the energy's at to create that.
 One really cool experience before he moved out, and I wish we had video footage of this.
 Maybe it's somewhere on the Lost Hard Drive.
 Rob's the kid is one of my favorite designers.
 Design is really cool t-shirt for me.
 He says, "We are not confusion soft."
 This is year one of ClickFunnels.
 I wanted to give it to everybody and make a big thing about it.
 Dave's like, "No, we need to work with confusion soft."
 I'm like, "No, but they're the enemies."
 They're like, "No."
 In fact, the very first, I think, it's called "infusion con," whatever the big event is,
 we want to go to it.
 We knew there was already some weird heat because we were always competing.
 My webinars were like, "Oh, we're a confusion soft, but we're simple."
 Plus, you can do landing pages, plus, I was going to talk against them.
 We were always meaning to become friends with them.
 We made these t-shirts that ClickFunnels loves "infusion soft."
 I had these big hearts on it, and it was this big thing.
 We went to infusion con.
 We brought thousands of shirts to hand out to all the attendees.
 We're trying to build this really good bridge with them.
 We have doing that.
 I remember the next year from infusion con, whatever, this is, Dave was still in San Diego, Temecula.
 We tried to go to, again, to bring people.
 The infusion soft told us, "No, you are not welcome in our event."
 It's funny because the whole time I kept trying to launch this t-shirt, I wanted to
 talk about when I fight against them.
 Dave's like, "No, we have to be friends with them.
 I remember we were on this, I think it was a Skype call.
 The five or six of us on the team at the time.
 Dave has ClickFunnels loves "infusion soft shirt."
 He's like, "Hey, guys, I got some news for you," whatever.
 I'm like, "What's the news?"
 He's like, "They aren't letting them just come.
 I've been going back and forth and they refuse to let us come back to infusion con."
 He's like, "Are you serious?"
 We're all frustrated.
 He's like, "You know what that means?"
 I'm like, "No, what does that mean?"
 Then he clicks a button and some music starts playing and his kids run in from the other
 door and they come and they put boxing gloves on his hands and a boxing rope.
 I'm trying to remember the whole visual.
 I can't remember exactly the days, I guess.
 He's like, "The gloves are off."
 He throws his hands down, the gloves fly off.
 Then he takes his ClickFunnels of infusion soft.
 I guess he's pre-cutted and he grabs it and he rips it open.
 He's like, "Rips it off and there's a ClickFunnels of a F
 and he's like, "All right, well, fine.
 Go be your hustle."
 Then I was able to go and do that.
 It's such a visual of that day and how excited he was.
 He also then sent me a video.
 I don't know if we can find this.
 He sent a video later.
 In his backyard, his pulley had this little like a boogie board thing and he put the ClickFunnels
 gloves and fusion soft shirt on there and lit it on fire, like pushed it out to see like
 to stabilize the depth of this relationship.
 It was just like such a funny, interesting time of the journey.
 I have that debut Du Bois scene when we were together every day for, man, five or six years
 working on stuff.
 Anytime I'd go to any trip, he was there.
 He wanted to be there around the energy, around this stuff, everywhere the things were happening.
 We were going to Genius Network.
 You guys know I wrote Doc Come Secrets book.
 I swear I would never write a book again.
 I refuse it.
 I'll never write a book again.
 It's the worst thing in the world.
 He always wanted me to like, "This is so good.
 People need this."
 He was so passionate about my work, which was like, "I want to have someone who's like
 your biggest fan, your biggest cheerleader, so passionate about what you're doing."
 I remember we went to Genius Network and we were sharing a room back at the time.
 This ClickFunnels still hadn't grown up to the point where we felt comfortable getting
 two rooms.
 We were sharing a room and that night I got invited to this dinner thing.
 I went to this dinner and Dean Grazios, who I didn't know very well yet, were sitting
 across from me.
 We were talking and somewhere in the conversation, I remember what we were talking about.
 I just remember thinking, "I need to write a book.
 Call the expert secrets and this was going to be about."
 We were getting home that night and Dave wasn't at the dinner.
 He was out networking and doing the extroverted thing.
 Everybody, and so I went to dinner and I was like, "Hey."
 We go back to our room.
 I was like, "Hey."
 When I was talking to Dean today, I had a vision.
 He's like, "What was it?"
 I'm like, "I got to write a book."
 It's called "Expert Secrets."
 He's like, "Oh, freak.
 I got chills.
 This is the great."
 He was so excited.
 He was like, "All right, what do we have to do to make this happen?"
 He's like, "I got to move heaven and earth.
 I got to block everyone.
 You need to be focusing.
 This is the most important thing you possibly doing."
 He was like, "This blocker and protector, making sure I had the time I needed to be
 able to create this thing and to do this thing."
 He's like, "I'll take care of everything."
 I was like, "You got to do this because this is the most, again, a calling from God.
 You got to do this.
 I'm here to protect everything else, block everything else, take everything else to place
 so you can go and execute on this thing."
 I never had someone do that.
 I guess that's not true.
 My dad was that way with wrestling.
 He protected me to make sure that I could focus on the thing that was most important,
 the calling, the mission, the thing we were trying to do.
 Dave was the only other person that had ever done that for me.
 He was just blocking everything to make sure that I can do what I need to do.
 I remember every day at work, he'd be killing himself over here and the last thing to come
 in with the office, like, "Okay, he had a return report back.
 Here's everything I did saying."
 He's like, "What can I take off your plate?
 What can I take it from you?
 What can I do for me?"
 Every single day.
 No one else has done that for me.
 None of my other partners, none of their employees, no one else does that.
 Every single day, despite the fact he had a million of these on his shoulder to come in,
 every single day, not once in a while, every day.
 What can I take off your shoulders?
 What can I take off your plate?
 Most of my team, I don't even see them, they just disappear at five o'clock, they're gone.
 Where's Dave's here at eight o'clock at night and coming in, "Hey, what can I take off your
 plate?
 What can I do?
 What can I do?"
 Anyway, another funny story from that actual night at the Genius Network event.
 I kept telling the story, but we started it, so here we go.
 Maybe we'll have to edit this from the video.
 I remember we were getting around the morning, I had Q-tips, and I was cleaning my ears,
 and I was like, "Oh my gosh."
 This is literally the second greatest feeling in the world is cleaning your ears with Q-tips.
 I don't know, it's a dorky thing.
 I'm like, "Oh, this is the greatest feeling ever."
 The name was kind of laughing, and then three days later, I get home and there's this big
 box in the mail.
 Not a small box, a huge box, the size of a microwave, and I open it, and there are like
 40 boxes of Q-tips.
 I know your wife's feeling like I can give you the greatest feeling in the world, but
 I wanted to give you the second greatest as often as possible or something, and it was
 like tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of Q-tips, which I still have to this day.
 Today I was cleaning my ears out, and thanks to Dave, I was able to experience that again.
 So, just funny things that he would always pay attention.
 It was funny because his love language was not gift given.
 He didn't care about getting gifts, but he was always listening, and he'd pay attention.
 He'd be proactively sending gifts the second he thought of something.
 I say, "This Q-tips are amazing, and he's buying it in the moment."
 I remember we were at, we were at In Vegas with Jenna Kutcher and Drew, and, or no, Drew
 wasn't there as Jenna's husband, but Jenna was there, and we were trying to get her
 speak of fun like he live, and she's like, "Ah, well, we're, you know, she just didn't
 want to do speaking gigs."
 She's like, "The way to get to me is my husband."
 Like, "Whatever you, you know, if you can get him, say, "S" and "I'm in."
 And then Dave asked, "Well, what is your husband like?"
 And she was joking, like, "Oh, he loves Red Bulls."
 And so, while we're sitting there, Dave orders, I don't know, a pallet, like probably four
 or 500 Red Bulls and ships them to Drew.
 And Jenna gets home from this event we're at, and she's like, "I get home."
 And our entire kitchen's full of Red Bulls.
 And she's like, "Drew actually doesn't even like Red Bulls."
 And, but, Dave, and Dave's listening, paying attention, like, "What does someone want
 to want one at night?
 Like, what do they like, what do they need?"
 And then, boom, instantly, he's like, sending it, shipping it.
 James Shramko, I remember, we were trying to get him to be ClickFunnels affiliate or
 whatever, and again, but Dave is like, just listening, and he's like, he was trying to
 do a surfboard, or some things today, like, buys a surfboard, drives down like three hours
 to get it to him before he takes it on a plane and fly back to Australia.
 And just, he's just paying attention, like, serving all the time, listening, paying attention,
 serving, doing these things, because he knew that, because he knew that, that, I don't
 know what he knew, he just knew that's like how he helped people, right?
 And it was never about him.
 It was always about like, how to help other people.
 How to help other people.
 He was always just caring more about you than he cared about himself.
 It's just one of the magical, magical things about Dave.
 Man, there's like so many, I don't know, this could be a, this could be a three-week-long
 podcast if I let it go too long.
 It's just so many cool Dave stories.
 I wanted to kind of just tell someone to hopefully encapsulate just the feeling of
 Dave Woodward and some of the things that I wish we could all learn from him.
 I remember he always wanted to learn.
 Like, he wasn't the most, and I could say it's to his face, he wasn't the most talented
 most things.
 Like, he knew like, he, like, as I was writing an expert Seeker's book and talking about
 story, he loved it.
 He's like, I want to become a better story, I want to become better.
 So he would tell stories and he would like, he would do these Facebook lives at first,
 where he'd tell a story and then he's like, ah, like, he didn't work.
 I wasn't good at what was wrong.
 I'm like, Dave, you have to tell people not just the facts, but you have to tell about
 how you feel.
 He's like, what do you mean?
 I'm like, like, you have to open up and like, you have to, when you're telling a story,
 tell the feelings behind the story.
 And that was so hard for him.
 He was like, I have to learn, I have to learn.
 So he would try so hard, like, open up and like, and like, get to the feelings of things,
 right?
 And we had so many funny experiences where he would be teaching or talking or something.
 And, and it was just like the, the facts and like, no, like, you got to tell that, like,
 how do you feel?
 Like, I don't feel stuff.
 He's like, I just do stuff.
 I'm like, I don't, you have to get back and like talk about that.
 So he told good stories and he would work at it and work at it and work at it and he
 get better and better.
 He'd be so proud of himself coming like, say, did you watch my Facebook?
 I have to have like, of course, I did.
 He's like, how was that?
 Like, dude, it was way better.
 Like the way you told your story, how you felt about this.
 Like, those are things that people need in story.
 And why don't you come better and better at it, right?
 Same thing like when, when he was coming like, first he was his first role at the company
 was like an affiliate, like to run the affiliate program.
 And he'd never done that before.
 He was like, I got to figure this out so he would like call people and talk to them and
 interview them and try to figure it out and get like higher coaches.
 Like, how do I find a coach to coach me, become the best affiliate manager in the world?
 So on his own, on his own pocket, his own money, he would go and he would hire other
 people who are great affiliate managers and study them and learn from them and get coached
 by them so he could become the best in the world at that role.
 And he got a point where he was so good at like, he went to the next thing and then he
 was like, I want to be head of business intelligence or business development.
 So you want to be CRO, chief revenue officer.
 Like, what does that mean?
 Like, I don't know.
 But so he'd go out and find the people who are doing that.
 And he'd be interviewing me, get to know me, find another process, their systems.
 He'd fly out to the media.
 He'd coach me.
 He was so coach, we'll try to learn it.
 When he eventually came CEO, he's like, I've never been a CEO before.
 I don't know how to be CEO.
 So he found people who are great CEOs and he hired them and paid them for coaching.
 And like, like, he figured what we wanted to do and he didn't have the skillset to do
 it.
 So when he got the skillset, most people go, I don't know how to do this or I'm not qualified
 or they just do a crappy job or they've never did that.
 It was like, let me figure out how to become the best at this thing.
 Right.
 And there's always growing and growing and growing.
 And he was never sitting on his haunches.
 Right.
 Like, I watched him as like, he was struggling in different things.
 Like he'd hire coaches.
 Like he hired, uh, Jerick Robbins, Tony Robbins, son, to coaching.
 He hired other people like, uh, every time I would tell him about something great, like,
 we talked about water fast.
 Like, I'm in, I talk about, you know, crazy things.
 Like, I'm in, like, you always try to figure out how to make yourself better in every single
 aspect all the time.
 Um, you know, I look at a world of people where 99.9% of the people in the world are
 just content and lazy and just, they are who they are, where Dave was always trying to
 figure like, how do I become better, a better version of myself?
 Like, I want to grow.
 I want to become better.
 I want to become the best at this thing.
 Even until like a month before, um, before his passing, like he was like, my goal is to
 come back and be better than I was before.
 I want to be smart.
 I want to be able to retain these things like always pushing and striving to become
 better.
 And when most people complacent with where they are, um, and that's what made Dave great
 in so many aspects.
 It's what, um, when I think everyone loved about him so much, um, it was just his excitement.
 And so he was there serving other people and trying to grow so he could serve people
 more, um, not out of the selfish thing.
 And that's the, I think a lot of people they, they serve selfishly like, I'm doing this,
 I'm trying to get something and Dave wasn't trying to get something.
 He just knew there was something bigger.
 Uh, and for him, it all tied back to God, tied back to Christ, tied back to the things
 that matter the most.
 Um, he loved having his, his family involved.
 He had seen his wife build funnels and launch programs, watching his kids do the same thing.
 Like, um, it was the things were never about him.
 It was always about the people that he, that were around him, starting with his family and
 with the community and with other people.
 Um, he was just so good at it.
 Um, you know, after the whole cancer should start happening.
 I think again, it was one of the things, in fact, I remember like I was sitting in this
 room right there is where the office right there is where I first saw it and I went in
 there and he was, you know, head down praying as soon as he found out.
 Next day we sat right here, uh, sitting in this chair, sitting right here as we were talking
 about it.
 He was so scared you didn't want to go in and he was, he's like, everybody's like, I
 want to be here for the library that we're building right here.
 Like all these visions, all of a sudden we've been talking like, he's like, we're building
 towards it.
 I want to see click phones.
 Two point.
 I want to see all these things.
 Um, um, I remember how, how scared he was and then the thing he said, he said it so many
 times throughout the years, it's like, if, if me going through this will bring more people
 to Christ than I'm willing to do it.
 And um, which is, I don't know if I could have said that.
 I don't know if I, you know what I mean?
 Like, um, you have a Dave saying, I'm willing to take on this pain.
 Like in the company here, Russell, I'm going to take on this pain so you can do your mission
 so you can write your books.
 You can get it out there.
 Um, I'm willing to take on this pain.
 I'm going to take things off your plan.
 I'm willing to stay late so that you can do what you're supposed to do.
 Um, I'm willing to take on this pain and suffering of going through cancer and these horrible
 things and losing, um, these things because if it helps you to be able to do what you're
 doing, I'm willing to take on that pain for you.
 Um, like that's such a rare characteristic in a human, right?
 Like, um, I talked about it at the, at the funeral.
 Like Dave wasn't a good man.
 Like Dave was one of the best ever, um, who's ever been on this planet.
 He's ever walked this earth.
 Um, and I know that because I saw it every single day day in and day out, day in and day
 out.
 I saw it and as he lifted the burden off my shoulders and took it upon his shoulder so
 that I could do what he thought was, um, was important.
 Um, I remember one last story and then we'll, we'll, we'll all share it.
 He has my presentation with his funeral, but, um, you know, I always, I had a goal.
 I wanted to be a New York Times bestseller and that's like, that was the goal.
 And, um, I didn't have a dot com secret.
 It's extra six.
 I didn't really try.
 Cause I was so bitter about it and traffic.
 Cause I wasn't planning on trying.
 And he was like, no, he's like, you earned this.
 You deserve this.
 Like you're better than the other.
 You're like, you were going to get it.
 It would no matter like whatever it takes.
 And he wanted that more than I wanted it.
 Um, so much so that I tried multiple times just to give up and then stop trying cause
 it's not easy.
 Like, in case you're wondering, in New York Times list, it's not an easy process.
 First off, you got to write a really good book and then you have to market it really,
 really well and not in a traditional sense.
 Like, you know, we sold 80,000 copies in a week, but it didn't hit the New York Times
 list because you can't just sell 80,000 copies in a week through a funnel.
 You have to do it a whole bunch of other things.
 So for me to do, I had to get on TV and radio and interviews and all sort of like just,
 it was insanity.
 Um, and it was expensive and it was hard and it was like, um, and I, I wanted about so
 many times he's like, no, we're going to get this.
 You have to get this.
 Like you earned this.
 Like you, you are going to be New York Times bestseller.
 I'm like, ah, I kept trying, kept trying and we missed the first week and the second week
 and the third week, the point was like, I was, I was beyond giving up.
 He's like, no.
 Um, and after I think of the fourth week is when I hit the lesson.
 Um, and then he came and celebrated me.
 It's like, dude, like we should celebrate in you, Dave.
 You're the one that, that made it possible.
 Um, but you don't want to celebrate himself.
 You don't want to talk about himself ever.
 You want to talk about everybody else.
 He wanted to be the one, the ally, supporting, serving, giving and then giving the credit
 to other people.
 Um, he never want to talk about himself.
 He'd be so annoyed that I'm talking about him this much right now, but Dave, if you're
 listening, I love you.
 And this is your chance.
 I want people to know how amazing you are because I know it.
 I know your wife knows that your kids know it, but, um, the world needs to know it because,
 um, again, we had, like we had the opportunity to be around greatness every single day.
 Um, and even if people didn't see it, they felt it.
 Um, you know, I have, um, I had a handicap sister who passed away and the first person,
 you know, super, super close to me to pass away.
 And it's interesting because you look at someone whose handicap is like, there's this
 burden and this pro, you know, um, after she passed away, like I had the realization, I
 was like, man, I had a perfect celestial person living with someone who was, who'd never sinned,
 who would never made a mistake, who was flawless, like literally an angel sitting in my house,
 ever seen in my life, I had a chance to grow up and have her sitting there every single
 day, like how lucky was I to be able to see someone who, who was as perfect as you can
 be in this planet.
 And yes, she was handicapped, mentally handicapped, physically handicapped, but she was perfect
 human being, right?
 Um, who was with me every single day, and you take it for granted when they leave, you're
 just like, Oh, like I miss that spirit.
 I miss that feeling of just like perfection sitting here.
 And I think it's the same thing now with Dave not here, like, man, like I missed that, like
 being around greatness every day, being around someone who can in the middle of like the hardest
 times, like times were just like, would crush any normal human walking on the smile on his
 face.
 Like, who, remember we come in here and we talk after work and he would talk about all
 the things that were working on all things.
 And I just get so wrong.
 Like, how are we going to do this?
 Like, I can't handle this weight anymore.
 He just smiles like, we'll get it.
 We'll get it.
 We'll get it.
 And I think that those are times I would have broken under the pressure and under the stress.
 And because of him, I was able to keep going because he had faith and just like, no, like,
 this isn't us, Russell.
 This is from God.
 This is something bigger than us.
 Like, he's going to take care of us.
 It's going to be hard.
 He's going to prove that we can, that we want this.
 He's got to prove that he's got to improve, like improve our capacity by giving us this
 pressure and the strength so we can handle what our next obstacle is, but we're going
 to be fine.
 We're going to do it.
 He's had perfect optimism every single time like, no, like we're going to do this.
 And sometimes they'd come on like, I don't know, like, sometimes I write the book of
 the story and he doesn't know all the stuff.
 I mean, there's, there's the legal pressures.
 There's the technical pressures.
 There's the, the, the people who are once your friends who leave you and then attack
 you pressure.
 There's the, there's just so many, so many people attacking you from all angles and all
 directions when you get to the top.
 You think like, when I get to the top, everyone's going to love me and it's interesting.
 They love you on the journey up.
 But when you get there, man, they're all taking shots at you, especially the people
 you think are the closest.
 I'm not sure if you guys have been watching the TV show, The Chosen, if not, it's the
 greatest thing ever put out there.
 By Daryl Eaves, one of our funnel hackers, book funnel hacking live, but it's a, it's
 a TV series about the life of Christ and so the, the goal and the mission of Daryl had
 was like, I want to make a movie of Christ that makes Christ relatable to us, right?
 And so that was the, the mission is they made that and so they're in season three right
 now and it's like, if you want to change your life, go and watch the channel.
 You got to get two or three episodes in and then they'll be hooked, but like, like, it's
 the greatest thing.
 Every Sunday, just block out an hour every Sunday to watch it, and that'll change your
 life.
 Even if you don't believe in Christ and you just want to like hear the story of a man
 who did some amazing things.
 Like it'll, it'll change you.
 Anyway, I, I start sharing that because, you know, in, in this, like, it's also like one
 of the perfect examples of the hero's journey that Christ is the ultimate architect or archetype
 of the hero's journey.
 He's the hero going out there.
 He's anyway, and as he's going out there in this, this journey, he starts going and getting
 his apostles.
 And what's fascinating about the chosen is he picks each his apostles.
 It's not like I find these perfect people who are the greatest preachers in land.
 He goes and he finds people who are fishermen and other things who are like, and who aren't
 doing good things.
 He finds them typically in their sins when he finds them.
 He redeems them of their sin and says, come follow me.
 And he sees it.
 See there, are they going to follow them or not follow them, right?
 These people he's getting to come follow him.
 And, but one of the people who brings in is Judas.
 And obviously we know the story of Judas, Judas betrays Christ.
 He, he gives them up for, you know, a handful of silver, which is, which is crazy.
 But it's interesting.
 It's like we felt that in a little way, not the same way, obviously, but we felt that
 in a little way, people who, who came to our world broke and we taught them their systems
 and the processes and taught them funnels and they had success.
 And then we put them on our stage and we like, you know, we do all these amazing things
 for people and then, and then they turn on you and then they, they talk trash about you
 and they, and like those ones that hurt the most, you're just like, like, I've loved
 you a lot.
 Every single step along the way, like, and then you turn and fight against me.
 And like, those ones are always the hardest, you know, and so we, we dealt with those kind
 of things.
 We dealt with people who were struggling.
 We gave, you know, opportunities to, and then the opportunity to work out and then are
 suing us.
 You know, people who literally like give us these glowing tests and most post on our
 Facebook group about how we changed our life.
 And then some of our team takes a screenshot of that and runs this and ad and that person
 ensues us and we have to go to court because we changed someone's life and then their
 public declaration of how six of what they came because we shared that ad they saw opportunity
 and suit us like it's just thing after like you have no idea thing after thing after thing
 after thing after thing where I just wanted to walk away so many times.
 And it was day coming in saying, no, this is not your mission Russell or my mission.
 This is God's mission.
 What we're doing is bigger than just a funnel.
 We're changing people's lives in so many areas and so many aspects.
 You cannot stop.
 You have to keep going.
 We'll get this.
 I'm here for you.
 What can I take off your plate?
 What can I take off your plate?
 And you literally, you know, come and look at my burden and take more off pile on his
 own shoulder so I could keep doing what I supposed to do.
 And anyway, people like Dave, friends like Dave Herrera and I'm eternally grateful for
 him.
 I'm grateful that I bumped into him.
 I'm grateful for every region we connected.
 I'm grateful that he believed in me.
 I'm grateful that he believed me more than I believed myself.
 I'm grateful that he stepped up to bat for me over and over and over.
 And I'm grateful that when I was drowning, he would pull me out of the water.
 I couldn't.
 I struggled to move forward when I couldn't, my lost faith in my own mission, my own self.
 He was there reminding me who I was and what my calling was.
 I would forget about what was important in life.
 He'd remind me of God and of Christ and why all this stuff we're doing doesn't actually
 matter that he was, you know, these are all things that we're doing to bring more glory
 to him.
 And even him during his darkest time, he's going through suffering and pain and not just
 the physical suffering.
 I can't imagine suffering to tell your wife and your kids if I have fun or brain tumor
 and like, well, that's going to change and like all these things, like all the suffering
 he had to go through and say, but it's okay.
 I will do it if it brings one person closer to him.
 Anyway, I was blessed to have him to have greatness around me every single day and I
 will miss it.
 I found a chance to be reunited with him again Sunday.
 And I just hope for all of you guys that first off that you can find something like that
 in your life to have around you.
 And number two and probably more importantly is to be that person for somebody else.
 Again, we're all in our own heroes journey, but same time there are times when you're
 called to be the ally and someone's journey.
 Sometimes you're called to be the guy in someone's journey.
 Sometimes, and you know, I haven't forbid that you get called to be the enemy in someone.
 Don't be that person ever.
 But just understanding that yeah, like all of us want a day, but also all of us can be
 a day for somebody else.
 So when you do that, like it's crazy.
 We had for days, you know, I mean, the chapel was I think it was seated for 700 people,
 750 people and it was packed.
 The chapel was completely packed.
 All the sub rooms were completely chapped.
 And then we zoomed on zoom.
 There were well over a thousand people who watched his funeral live, which is amazing
 for a man who lived his life as service, who wasn't the face of it all, who wasn't out
 there, but people knew him because what he did resonated and changed so many other people's
 lives.
 So I'm going to end with that.
 So you guys know how special Dave is and was as a human.
 And again, I was so honored that his family asked me to speak at his funeral.
 I was hoping and praying that they would ask, but obviously I didn't want to fall into
 that either.
 And they asked me.
 And so with their permission, I'm going to play my little session.
 I think it's 10 or 15 minutes long at the funeral kind of tell us today's stories.
 You know, let's try how we met.
 We'll hear stories of some of the fun, crazy adventures that we had along the way.
 And as I was about to click record this morning, there was this talk that popped my head and
 there's this quote.
 And I don't know why I need to tell you this quote, but I've heard it ahead a bunch of times.
 I think it probably has to do with those who are struggling with this.
 And I understand it.
 Death is hard.
 It's scary.
 And there's always the question that like, why and why not?
 If we did all the things right, like Dave was healthy.
 Dave was following God like, why does this have to happen?
 And anyway, this is the quote that is from a talk.
 One of my favorite talks actually, it's a guy named Jeffrey R. Holland.
 And this is a talk when I was on my mission 20 years ago that changed my life.
 The talk is called a high priest of good things to come.
 If you want to Google it, you can watch whole talk.
 It's powerful.
 In this talk, he tells the story about how when he was a young newlywed guy, him and
 his wife, and they had one or two kids at the time, and they were driving from southern
 Utah to Provo.
 And they were driving it in the middle of nowhere.
 His car breaks down.
 And he has to get off his car and walk back.
 I'm going to get emotional again.
 Dang it.
 Sorry.
 They're back 10 miles to the gas station and they get a tow truck.
 They come back out, they tow the car back, and they look at it and the car's fine.
 It starts back up again, so he jumps the car.
 So he's driving again.
 The car breaks down again.
 His process happened three or four times when the car broke down in the same spot, over
 and over again.
 And he's scared because he has his wife, his kids, and he's trying to get to this mission.
 He keeps breaking down.
 And eventually they get there and they get the car working and they get it driven up
 to where he's trying to go.
 And in this talk, he's telling the story of 40, 50 years later, with his wife now, his
 kids are all--
 [SIGHS]
 It's a person that's supposed to be emotional.
 His wife and kids are all grown.
 And his kids are grown.
 His wife and him are older.
 And they're driving that same road.
 He tries past the spot where they're--
 the car get breaking down.
 And he says that he sees him in his mind's eye like him as a young man.
 And I'll read this part.
 He says, "In my mind's eye, for just an instant, I thought perhaps I saw on the side
 of a road an old car.
 An old car with a devoted young wife and just two little children making the best of
 that situation there.
 It's the head of them.
 I imagine that I saw a young fellow walking around, a canaryville with plenty of distance
 still ahead of him.
 His shoulders seem to be slumping a little the way to the weight of a young father's
 fear, evidence, pace, and the scriptural phrase.
 His hands did seem to hang down.
 And that imaginary instant, I couldn't help calling out to him.
 Don't give up, boy.
 Don't you quit.
 You keep walking.
 You keep trying.
 Just hope and happiness ahead.
 A lot of it.
 30 years of an ounce still coming.
 You keep your chin up.
 It'll be all right in the end.
 Trust God in believing good things to come."
 I think it goes on to say he says, "Some blessings come soon.
 Some blessings come late.
 And some don't come until heaven.
 But those who embrace the gospel of Jesus Christ, they come."
 And so to kind of end this part before I hand it over to the funeral, as I thought, just
 I think all of us were hoping and praying for a blessing that Dave was going to be healed
 and be back to normal.
 It was going to be amazing.
 And again, I kind of started with it.
 Dave was invincible.
 Of course he was going to be fine.
 And when it wasn't, it was hard.
 But I think it's understanding.
 It says here, "Some blessings come soon.
 Some blessings come late.
 Some don't come until heaven for those who embrace the gospel of Jesus Christ, they come."
 And that's the message I want to leave with you guys.
 Again, Dave said if it brings one person closer to Christ, it was worth it.
 And it was so cool when he came out cancer.
 It was amazing.
 People from every faith, every denomination reached out.
 Dave told me, he's like, "My Muslim friends messaged me.
 They're praying for me.
 My Jewish friends were doing this."
 He said, "Friends who were agnostic, who were praying just in case, I had friends who had
 atheists who didn't believe in God who came back and started.
 I had friends who had prayed in years to start praying."
 He's like, "This is what it's about."
 And so for all of you guys, so with Dave and Ghost, it was in vain.
 Let this experience bring you closer to your God.
 Follow your knees.
 Say a prayer.
 Remember Him.
 Remember your mission.
 Remember that we're not just here for us.
 We're here for something bigger.
 We're here for our mission.
 And you're here to serve other people of missions.
 And so be the ally in their journey.
 Take the weight off their shoulders.
 And in your journey, pursue it.
 Even though it's hard, when it gets too heavy, fall on your knees and pray to God.
 Ask Him for help.
 And sometimes when the trials don't go the way that you want them to, then again, remember
 us quote, "Some blessings come soon.
 Some come late.
 And some don't come into heaven."
 They're not going to be frustrating and hard, but there's a bigger, something bigger than
 we understand or see, obviously.
 But for those who embrace the gospel of Jesus Christ, they come.
 Thank you guys so much for listening.
 And also this is a different and traditional podcast.
 I hope you got some value from it and got something.
 I appreciate you all.
 I'm grateful for the opportunity I have to serve you as a community.
 I'm grateful for Dave who helped build what we have here.
 Most of you guys wouldn't be listening to this.
 You wouldn't be here.
 You wouldn't be part of this community.
 You wouldn't be successful on leadership.
 It wasn't the fact that Dave sacrificed so much for all of us.
 And I'm grateful for him.
 I love him.
 I miss him.
 I cannot wait to see him again someday.
 That said, thank you guys.
 And here, I have a chance to listen or watch, depending where you are, to my thoughts and
 my talk from his funeral.
 Thank you guys so much.
 And I hope you enjoy the rest of this episode.
 First off, what an honor to be with you guys and to have a chance to talk about my best
 friend.
 Dave wasn't just a good guy.
 I believe he was one of the best people who's ever been on this planet.
 I don't mean that lightly.
 I've had a chance to see the ripple effect of what's been created and happens because
 of the life he lived.
 We see it in this room here, but it's felt literally by millions of people around the
 world.
 And if Dave heard me say that, he'd be super annoyed that I was bringing attention to him.
 And so just to make sure, it reminds me of a story a couple of years ago, he broke his
 neck and he was in his bed with a big neck cast on.
 And so he was away from the office for like a week or two and then he came back in and
 his big neck got cast on.
 Big smile on his face.
 He's running in and first thing he, we're in the middle of something.
 We're always in the middle of something and he grabbed his phone and he started Facebook
 live and started talking to all these people and he's going on talking for two or three
 minutes and people are popping in from all around the world and they're seeing Dave with
 the neck brace on.
 He's talking and so excited and the comments are like, what's wrong with your neck?
 What's going on?
 And finally he notices that everybody's so concerned about him.
 He's like, oh, I broke my neck.
 I'm fine.
 I'm going to go make a thought.
 And I feel like that's probably how Dave would feel about a lot of this.
 He's just like, you guys, let's go.
 Come on, keep him in forward.
 I'm going to quote some superhero movies twice in this talk.
 We talked a lot about superheroes, meet him.
 We all wanted to be superheroes.
 He got to dress up at one.
 He got to see the shield and the cape and everything, the air then Captain America.
 But I was putting my thoughts down last night.
 I kept thinking about the movie Avengers Endgame.
 The end of the movie, I don't want to spoil it a little bit, Iron Man dies.
 But one of the coolest things about that is that Iron Man captured himself on a hologram
 and he came back after his funeral to talk to his kids and stuff.
 And there's a quote from that that he said that sounded like something Dave would say
 if he was here.
 And he said, don't feel bad about this.
 Part of the journey is the end.
 And as hard as that is, it's true for all of us.
 And so I was thinking about Dave's journey, specifically the journey I was able to have
 with him, which was so special for me.
 And I just wanted to share a couple of things that I learned from him.
 The first thing is that those who know Dave, if he saw something he wanted, he just went
 and got it.
 He shared the story about Carrie earlier.
 As you guys know, she was engaged and he said, call me when you're not.
 And the rest is history.
 The way I met Dave was kind of similar.
 We were, it was a seminar around California we were doing.
 And me and Stu McLaren were doing this event and we had a couple speakers and Stu had
 this great idea like, hey, we could get all the attendees to pay for all of our meals
 while we were here.
 And so he put these sign up sheets in the back of the room.
 And the first thing he said, day number one, the event is, hey, if you want to go out to
 eat with the speakers, go to the back and you can sign up to take them out to lunch
 or dinner.
 And I had never met Dave this time.
 He ran to the back, grabbed my sheet and filled out breakfast, lunch, and dinner every single
 day of the event.
 And so I had every meal with Dave.
 And that's how I fell in love with Dave.
 And I really quickly found, and he sort of shared so many common things and beliefs.
 And for some reason, I don't know what we just started a friendship that was amazing.
 And just continue on that line of just like he saw what he wanted, he wanted, he'd just
 go for it.
 We had these crazy conversations.
 We'd be in a meeting one day.
 And I don't know, I have a stupid idea like, hey, we should change the name of my street
 from Clearview Court to funnel avenue because we do funnels.
 And instead of like just rolling and laughing, Dave runs out of the room, calls City Council
 and he's trying to figure out how in the world to change the name of my street.
 And he comes back a couple hours later, he's like, we just need to get these petitions
 signed, so much is in cost.
 I was like, this was not like a real thing.
 He's like, no, if you want that, we need to do it.
 And I'm like, OK.
 But it was like that with everything we would do.
 I remember we were on ClickFunnels.
 We were getting close to being at 50,000 subscribers.
 It was a big number.
 We were all striving towards it.
 And we'd hired the Harmon Brothers to make this video.
 And we should do a big launch around the video.
 It's worth brainstorming.
 And again, I'm just throwing dumb ideas against the wall.
 I'm like, hey, we should follow these influencers here.
 And we get ran out, boy, just need football stadium.
 We'll play football.
 And then we'll have got bubble soccer balls.
 And Dave's like, what if we set again a spoke world record, had the biggest bubble
 soccer ball game in the history of the world?
 And I'm just like laughing and laughing.
 And three weeks later, we set the world record for the largest bubble soccer game
 in the world.
 It was amazing.
 And the best thing about Dave, like being around him, like, he gave me the ability
 to dream big because I knew whatever we came up with, he would figure out a way to make
 it happen, which is just the kind of person he was.
 One time, who went to this event in Colorado?
 We flew down there.
 We drove like an hour to get to the event.
 And we showed up.
 And Dave was just my biggest supporter.
 He was always there, like, helping me.
 And we get to the event.
 And I was supposed to speak for 90 minutes.
 They're like, we only get 45.
 And they're like, no, you don't understand.
 We're also against 90.
 And we only have 45 minutes.
 It's like, OK, we'll take 60.
 And because there was a wedding party coming afterwards, so he talked to the wedding people
 and moved their whole wedding.
 It was like 15 minutes, so I could go longer.
 And then we didn't have any order forms.
 And we thought they were going to order forms.
 They didn't have any.
 And so I'm like, let's just not worry about it.
 I'll just teach and we'll go home.
 And it'll be fine.
 He's like, no, we're here to change people's lives.
 We can't change their life unless they take action.
 So he went on his computer and he made a fake order form.
 Like he's typed in name, credit card, whatever.
 He ran the business center, printed them, and he came out, OK, we got order forms now.
 And I'm like, OK, and so I'm trying to back out things.
 I'm so scared.
 And Dave's like, no, we're here for a mission.
 We're doing this.
 And we went out there.
 And I spoke.
 And Dave's running out, handing out these order forms he made up.
 And more than half the people in the room
 ended up signing up for the thing.
 And it was just half the way Dave was.
 He just made sure that he saw something, wanted to figure out how to get it done.
 In fact, I think if he was here today, he saw this many people in the room.
 And all the people on the team said he'd be annoyed that we weren't trying to sell something.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So with his permission, I'm just kidding.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I remember one late night, a few Christmases ago, it was a time of just like things were
 really, really heavy.
 There was a lot of things.
 And it was like two or three in the morning.
 We were both there trying to figure out how to fight for this thing that we believed
 in so much.
 And he didn't need to be there.
 He was there.
 He didn't want to leave.
 And I remember just sitting there.
 I remember telling this specific.
 I said, David, if I had to go to war, and I could only pick one person to be there who
 could be by my side who I know would protect me, it would be you.
 He was always my protector.
 He was there supporting me, loving me, just like he has for so many of us.
 Next thing I knew about Dave is he was always out for anything.
 He has no crazy things that we did.
 I always said crazy I did.
 And he'd always just say yes to everything.
 I remember one day, I'd been planning for three or four months to do this long water
 fast.
 I wasn't going to eat food for-- I was only drinking water for a week.
 And he found out about Sunday night and I was starting Monday.
 And instead of preparing or asking any questions, he showed up Monday, he was like, I'm doing
 it with you.
 I'm like, if you thought through this, this is not-- he's like, no, I'm in.
 And he did a five-day water fast.
 It was zero, not a 30-second note.
 It just started and went with it and did the whole thing.
 One day, he showed up-- one of our friends, Eric Cafferty, challenged us to this thing
 called the One Chip Challenge.
 And he brings you this chip in a coffin, one chip in a coffin because it's so bad.
 Dave shows up at our house like five or six of these things and we sat there and we ate
 this chip.
 And I remember like, it hurts so bad.
 Like, I was dying and he just wanted to beat me.
 And so like, while I'm on the ground crying and like, my mouth hurts so bad, my guts
 hurt, my kids hurt, a couple of us all did.
 It was crazy.
 And he sat there and waited until we all tapped out and gave up and then he like finally
 at the end won.
 And just all the time, one day we were in the middle.
 It was right before a big event and we were so stressed out and so anxious and then I
 seen Waka at the office the biggest, you know, Dave smiled.
 But this was bigger than normal.
 And he walks in the kitchen and they like text me, "K-R-U-S, we need to meet you in the
 kitchen."
 And I walk in and they'd set up a pie duel.
 And there was like plastic on the ground and they had pies and we'd duel.
 We'd like, stood back to back and we'd walked in and I was like, "Why are we doing this?"
 It's like, "It's March 14th, it's pie a day.
 We have to have a pie duel."
 I'm like, "Of course we do."
 And so we had a pie duel.
 He's always up for just anything and he made life fun, even in the most stressful, crazy,
 crazy times.
 Third thing I learned from him is that he showed up consistently for everybody.
 I remember being sick at home, having a flu and also I hear the doorbell ringing and Dave's
 there with some of the kids and he's got a box of supplements and things and all this
 stuff and just showed up then over and over again.
 When Todd and I were trying to play on ClickFunnels 2.0, I flew out to Atlanta and I was there
 meeting with Todd and Dave found out we were meeting and he jumped in a plane and like
 a few hours later he's there with us, like there to be part of it.
 He always showed up.
 He was always there to support, to lead, to guide and to be part of it.
 The last thing I want to share is, and this is one that's probably the thing that I'm
 most impressed with involved things, but Dave was a man of values and I know that all of
 us, especially Dave, has so many things that we value, right?
 We value our family, our business, our work, our health, all the things we value.
 Yesterday I was listening to something and Jordan Peterson said something interesting.
 He said that all of us have a hierarchy of values and he says that the thing that you
 value the most becomes your God.
 And for most people it's usually not God, it's something else.
 But if you look at Dave's life, the thing that he valued the most was God, which is so
 rare today.
 And you saw in every part of his life, it's the way he made decisions.
 I, prior to him coming and moving to Idaho and assuming stuff, I pitched him on a million
 different crazy ideas that were, may not have been, you know, just idea after idea and I
 kept trying to like, move to Boise, come hang out, we work on these projects together.
 And it wasn't until we talked about clickfums and he said, I remember him telling me, he
 said, there's something special about this.
 He said, this is being led by God, what we are doing, this is something bigger.
 And because he believed in that, then he was willing to go all in and be part of this
 thing.
 And I watched him grow with us over the years from coming in at one level where he was helping
 affiliates to becoming head of business development and becoming a partner and then becoming
 our CEO and running the entire operation.
 This number one value in life was God and you saw it in all aspects of his life.
 Shortly after it was carried and then the kids.
 And it's just so powerful to see man who believes that way and lives that way.
 And I still remember the day when he was in the office after he got the call, they found
 out he had the tumor.
 I knew he was on a call afterwards.
 I looked over and I couldn't see him.
 And so I stepped to walk over to see if he was still there.
 And this giant of a man was on his knees.
 He'd been running, crying, hiding, whatever.
 And the first thing he did is petition assembly father.
 And then afterwards told us, we've heard him say so many times today, said, if cancer
 brings more people closer to Christ, then I will do it.
 To be able to submit himself and his will to God's will is why I respect Dave so much.
 Has got closer and closer to the end.
 And he knew things were kind of turning.
 We had an amazing night.
 We had a chance to spend and talk today and pray with him.
 And it was amazing.
 And then two or three days later, I was on a Zoom call or something.
 And also my phone lit up.
 And it was Dave.
 And I was like, I said, he was calling.
 And I was so scared because I don't know just all the emotions and fears and everything.
 So I quickly got off my call and I called him back.
 And the boy's answer to the phone and the head of the day, and he looked at me.
 His name's been biggest smile in his face.
 He's like, I'm about to take a nap.
 I'm like, OK.
 He's like, I'm probably not going to wake up.
 I just want to know, I love you and I'm going to see you in heaven, but not too soon.
 And I was like, what?
 And he's like, good night.
 I love you.
 And I got a snapshot on my phone of that last moment.
 The smile is just knowing that I'm going to see you in heaven again, but not too soon.
 The kind of clothes I was thinking about ever since especially the last two or three weeks.
 So I'm thinking about this and Dave and just everything, a lot of scriptures I'm going
 to go to my head.
 What I was thinking about today was the principle of the parable of the talents.
 I'm sure most of you have heard.
 The master came and gave one person five talents, one person two talents, one person
 one talent and hadn't gotten enrolled and see what they would do with it.
 And Dave was the guy that got the five talents.
 He took these things and he went out there and he multiplied them.
 He came back to the master.
 And what the master told this guy in the scriptures is I'm sure the exact same thing
 that our Savior Jesus Christ told Dave.
 We saw him again last week.
 So what he said, he said, "Well done now, good and faithful servant.
 Now has been faithful over a few things.
 I will make the ruler over many things, enter thou into the joy of the Lord."
 I just got closer and closer.
 I kept thinking about, "I'm not ready.
 I'm not ready for this."
 I thought you guys felt the same way and that brought me to one more superhero story and
 then all be done.
 In Dr. Strange, there's a moment in that movie if you've seen it where Dr. Strange was his
 mentor and she's about to pass away and she's frozen time, slowed it down as slow as she
 possibly can.
 And Dr. Strange said, "I'm not ready."
 As Mentor says, "There's no one ever is.
 We don't get to choose our time.
 That is what gives life meaning.
 To know your days are numbered.
 Your time is short.
 The only reason for our lives, the only reason our lives have meaning is because there's an
 end.
 If it wasn't for the end, there would be no purpose."
 In the scripture, it rang in my head as soon as I got the news about Dave.
 It's in the book of Corinthians and so when Paul wrote the Corinthians he was talking to
 these people about Christ and how he had won the victory over death for them and the
 quote that kept hearing my head.
 The moment I heard about Dave passing was this.
 He was Paul writing to Corinthians and he said, "Oh, death, where is thy sting?
 Oh, grave, where is thy victory?"
 Because of Christ, we know that we will have a chance to be with him again, to be together
 against his family, his friends.
 If I could say one last thing to Dave right now, before I get to see if he can have it
 or be, thank you for being my example, being my ally, for being my guide and being my friend.
 Dave, you did it, man.
 I love you.
 I would see you soon.
 I say things on the image.
 Jesus Christ, amen.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [Music]
