 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 In today's episode, I'm going to talk to you as about one of the secrets that you should
 be learning from Napoleon Hill.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright, so hope you guys are awesome.
 Now you've heard me talk about this.
 Not once, that's why.
 Probably even a million times.
 We'll talk about when you are starting a business, especially in information product
 business, but in reality, people will find you and this is true for every business, even
 e-commerce, especially e-commerce.
 But what you are doing is you are in any business, we are getting somebody a result.
 So someone comes to me and they want to be more successful.
 They want to build a business.
 They want to lose weight.
 They want to whatever.
 You've got some result that you give somebody.
 And us as entrepreneurs, we make our money by having a framework that gets them that result.
 So the framework could be step one, take these supplements.
 Step two, go to this course.
 Step three, it could be something like that.
 It could be just pure information.
 It could be pure supplements.
 It could be pure things to do every day.
 Whatever it is, but there's a framework that you've got to create to be successful.
 And so the framework is basically step one, step two, step three, step four.
 This is the path that we go on.
 This is the map.
 So when it comes to you, they're looking for a result, which is a destination, and you're
 given a map.
 It was interesting.
 Oh, the side note.
 For Joaquin Leibor Lando, Alex and Leibor Moses spoke about high ticket sales.
 One of the quotes he said was really interesting.
 He said that you sell the destination.
 You sell the journey.
 Getting to Hawaii is a nightmare.
 You have to go through the airports and the planes and the blubble, all the things.
 And unfortunately, most people are going to try to sell some things.
 They sell the path.
 They're selling all the things along the way.
 You have to go through.
 You don't.
 You just don't know why you sell the palm trees and the luau and the white beaches and
 all that kind of stuff.
 That's what you sell.
 You sell the destination, not the path, but you fulfill as the path.
 You buy tickets to Hawaii.
 You're getting airplane tickets, car tickets, hotel, all the stuff that gets you to the destination.
 And so the framework is the map to the result that you're selling somebody.
 Hopefully, somebody has had some a hots there.
 That's number one.
 Number two now is right now I'm recording and taking my Napoleon Hill room.
 So those who watch the video version, you can see behind me.
 This is all of Napoleon Hill's work.
 This right here is the first dish and a lot of success.
 It's actually three years before he published a lot of success.
 This was the first thing he wrote.
 Maybe not the first thing he wrote.
 One of the first things he wrote.
 But it's the first time he took his philosophy, his framework.
 He wrote it all down.
 A lot of success and there are 15.
 15.
 15.
 15.
 A lot of success.
 Each of these has a different step.
 Each step in the framework.
 Step number one is definitely the purpose.
 Step number two is do more than your paid for.
 Step number three is the mastermind.
 That's not the right order.
 I'm talking about my head.
 But he has the framework.
 He wrote a lot of success.
 It was like these 15 or 16 booklets each covering one step in the framework to have success.
 What's interesting is a lot of people are like, "Oh, Napoleon Hill is written a dozen books."
 But Napoleon only has one framework.
 Now, I'm saying this from experience to someone who's literally collected the first edition
 of everything he's got from his magazines, to his books, to his courses, to his tapesets,
 his audio, his records, everything.
 I'm going through it all.
 What's interesting is that every single book, every single course, every single, everything
 is based off the exact same framework.
 Get this.
 When you go through the law of success, there's the framework.
 If you're thinking, "Girl Rich," guess what it is.
 Thinking, "Girl Rich" is just that framework.
 Then over the top of that framework, you wrote the book, "Think and Girl Rich."
 You can walk around the library here.
 If you'll get other books, you'll have to raise your own salary.
 You have to raise your own salary, guess what it is?
 It's basically, he took the law of success framework and he wrote a book which was interviewed
 with him and Gattry Passaway weaving in Andrew Carnegie's philosophies of that framework
 into the book, "Catter Raster Sowery."
 He did the same thing without winning the devil.
 Out winning the devil was a conversation that was a devil and he's taking the framework
 of law of success and he's laying in this conversation with the devil on top of that
 framework.
 "Think and Girl Rich," like I said, is the same thing.
 Over here, I have a home study course called "The Science of Success," and him and Debbie
 Clemmestone did again.
 Guess what?
 He comes home and took the framework from the law of success and they created a whole home
 study course and a thing.
 They're still like, one of the colleges, they still teach.
 The Point Hill Foundation has a college curriculum at one college and gets the teach.
 They teach these frameworks.
 Here's a book I ever hear called "Mental Dynamite."
 This is the book set that he wrote in 1945.
 What's crazy is it's called "Mental Dynamite," the philosophy of American achievement and
 it is 16 booklets and these 16 booklets literally are the same framework as the law of success.
 They're just, he's wrote it again through different lengths, through different framework,
 through different things.
 The magazine, the same thing, he goes in the magazines, he talks about success and all
 he's doing is each month he's picking one of the laws of success and then we deep into
 it.
 It's just him taking his one framework and using it over and over and over and over again.
 In fact, the guy that I bought most of stuff from said interesting, he's like, "If you
 read all the Point Hill's works, it seems like he's just plagiarizing himself, but he's
 not plagiarizing himself.
 What he's doing is I tell you guys all the time, right?
 If you've heard me talk about information marketing or publishing in the past, what I
 tell you is so that people will spend more money for the exact same content, but I'm going
 to replace this framework.
 People will spend more money for the same framework packaged in a different way.
 People will spend more money for the same framework or content packaged in a different
 way.
 The way that I learned that, ironically, that's why I'm sitting in the Stone Point Hill room,
 back when I first was getting into this business, somebody at an event said, "You got to read
 Thinking Gorit."
 I went and bought Thinking Gorit for $10 of the time off Amazon for the book, and it sat
 on my bookshelf for months.
 Every time I go back to another event people talk about Thinking Gorit, I'm like, "I've
 got to read that.
 I've got to read that finally after not reading it for like six months to a year."
 I went and bought the CD set on eBay for $100.
 What's interesting in Fugless, is there any difference between the book Thinking Gorit
 and the audiobook Thinking Gorit?
 No, they're literally the same thing.
 One was just written format and one's audio.
 Same thing packaged in a different way.
 I spent $10 times more money, $100 on the CD set versus $10 for the book.
 10x, I spent more the same thing packaged in a different way.
 I came looking at pulling Hill stuff, same thing.
 A lot of the success, the 16 books set.
 He sold it for one thing.
 Thinking Gorit's a smaller thing, same framework packaged in a different way, but that packaging,
 that wrapper, that hook for it sold 30 million copies.
 Then same thing, he wrapped it for how to raise your salary.
 He wrapped it for what are the books I have here of his, "How to Slowly Way Through Life."
 The magic ladder to success.
 Succeed through persuasion, succeed.
 The point Hill's master keys to riches.
 Book after book after book is literally the same framework packaged in a different way.
 The home study courses, boom, the college courses, the seminars, the certification programs,
 all based on the exact same 17 principles.
 I keep saying 17, 16, 15.
 I can't remember how many principles, but you guys get the gist, right?
 Then over here, I went to the Point Hill Foundation today and they have a whole bunch
 of books they've republished.
 I went and I bought every single one of them.
 Those you can see, there are probably 80 or 90 books I bought here on the shelf right
 here.
 These are all of the reprints from the Point Hill Foundation.
 It's interesting, if you look at these, it's like the Point Hill is a daily journal for
 everyday men.
 I guess this is the Law's Success framework into a daily journal.
 Oh, thank you for the rich action guide.
 Guess what is?
 It's the Law's Success as an action guide.
 Oh, the Point Hill's a million of mine said, guess what it is.
 It's his framework wrapped around a million of mine said, "Oh, Law's Success.
 Oh, how's the way through life?"
 The gold standard, the Point Hill's positive action plan, the Point Hill's year of growing
 rich, how to own your own mind.
 They're literally public book after book 80, 90 books they've all been written, taking
 a Point Hill's framework, right?
 He created and then re-skinning it, re-wrapping it, re-figuring it out.
 So hopefully this gives you guys hope.
 It's like, "I can't figure this out.
 I'm not that creative.
 I can't figure this out."
 You don't got to figure it out a lot.
 You got to create one framework, one really good framework that is the map that gets somebody
 a result, right?
 It's your map.
 You can then give somebody, and then you can wrap that.
 You can make it a book.
 You can make an audio course.
 You can make it a podcast.
 You can make it a live event.
 You can make it a seminar.
 You can make it a training system.
 You can make a certification program.
 You can make it so many different ways.
 It's not something I wanted to share with you yesterday.
 I've got someone, this is a top-secret.
 I'm not going to tell you who this person is yet, but there's somebody who's going to
 be speaking at Funhawk Live this year who literally is one framework.
 It's an amazing framework that this person developed.
 That's all I'm going to give you is.
 This person has taken that framework.
 I think last year it was $40 million in their business off of one framework.
 That framework's got a book, it's got a membership site, it's got a certification program.
 That's it, but taking one framework and packaging different ways.
 Anyway, as I'm sitting here in the Napoleon Hill room looking at this, 20 years ago I bought
 Napoleon Hill thinking about it for $10 and I spent $100 on this thing.
 I spent, you guys want to know, but multiple seven figures buying all this stuff, of the
 same framework packaged in a different way, because we receive value at different levels
 for how we're doing it.
 Now for me, I'm getting value by getting the first editions signed copies.
 That's where I'm getting value from the same framework.
 I'm spending a huge premium for them because I'm just a different type of person, right?
 You're going to have people the same way who come into your world to want to pay a premium
 or spend more for the book version, the audio for a one-on-one consultation.
 Right now I get painted Napoleon Hill a million dollars to get on the phone with him for
 17 weeks and go through the 70 law of success with me one-on-one.
 I would drop that in a heartbeat.
 I wouldn't even think twice about it.
 That would be something I would do instantly.
 You know, like, for us you can read all the books and the courses and the egg.
 I know it would have him specifically in my situation customized the 17 laws of success
 for myself.
 Like, that would be insane, right?
 And you're people the same thing for your framework, right?
 So anyway, I hope this helps you guys.
 Make sure you're at Funnocking Lives so you can see this in action with someone who built
 a 40 million dollar year of business doing what Napoleon Hill did and what I'm doing
 and what you should be doing as well.
 So hope it helps.
 I appreciate you guys and I will talk to you soon.
 Bye.
 Thank you for listening to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to
 Facebook, Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why
 you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future.
 That'll help me to know what to create for you.
 Also, Dan Kenney and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever.
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time.
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free
 just for saying maybe.
 You can get this gift from Dan and from me right now at nobsletter.com.
 Not only are you going to get the $20,000 gift, you also need a subscription to two marketing
 newsletters that will be hand delivered by the Millman to your Millbox each and every
 month.
 One from Dan Kennedy and one from me.
 To get this gift and your subscription go to nobsletter.com right now.
 (upbeat music)
