 What's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing series podcast today. I'm streaming from you
 from the top Boise literally I'm in
 Pan House looking over Boise and this is where I come when I am writing and
 I don't know about you, but when I have big projects sometimes my mind
 Tries do everything possible to make sure I don't do the thing and so I'm talking about that today what I'm doing
 So my thoughts and some of my struggles and hopefully I'll make you guys realize that you're probably
 Just like me so
 Alright, hopefully this helps get you guys to get more stuff done and that said we'll keep theme song and I'll be right back
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so last time I was doing this I was in this pin house I was writing the
 The Trevor seekers book which is crazy and I would come up here for multiple days of time
 I lock myself in here and I was just right like crazy
 And right now I'm finding myself under similar deadlines. I thought this book. I was gonna have more time
 So those who know I've read in book number four. This is my first personal development book ever. I'm really excited for it
 It's like everything I've learned in the last 20 years I put into doodles
 So if you like my doodles, hopefully it'll help make all these things make more sense to you
 So I'm excited for it, but I found and I wonder I think we're all this way
 I definitely know I am but when I have something I need to do right even if it sounds cool at the time and I'm excited about it
 My brains I start doing the thing my brains like oh, this is painful
 I wish we were watching TV. We should be eating candy. We should be doing something else, right?
 And so as I sit down like start typing I give energy excitement sit down and since I start typing my brains like like freaking out looking for anything
 Possible like there's a TV there outside a bird just flew by. Oh your phone drink. Oh, just turn on some music
 Oh, you should check your email what happens if he's like what happens Facebook somebody being she would have some
 Text you did like all the things like every possible distraction my brain starts screaming at me like bloody murder
 Trying to give me to not do the one thing that I got to actually do so my first question is you guys feel that way ever
 Something like this is so important. I must do it and is but you have some kind of pain associated with it in your mind
 So as you start getting closer and closer to actually doing the thing that you need to do and it's like
 It's like everything possible around you start flying around trying to stop you from doing the thing
 If so you are in good company because it happens to me too
 And so I'm gonna share some things that have helped me and again. I am so far from perfect
 I'm in the middle of this right now. I literally recorded his podcast and I brain's like, oh, you should record a podcast
 I'd be way less painful than actually writing so I'm literally
 like being a bad example by doing this podcast, but I'm hopefully it'll help get me back to work as well, so
 A couple things I found like when I
 When I have to get something done if I'm in my ordinary
 like
 situation, right like I'm if I'm
 At my office or from my house somewhere in them there a lot. I know what the distractions are right. I know that
 You know my wife's outside. Oh my kids are outside. I know I know like what are the TVs?
 I know like it's just it's so familiar like I know quickly every single distractions him in the office from the office
 There's a million people I can talk to you. There's always something I can do to not do my job, right?
 There's something exciting I can share with Dave or I can go talk to Brent or I can you know tell me only something
 There's always something that I can do to distract me from doing the thing that I actually do
 And so because of that I'm in the space and I'm used to like those interruptions or I'm used to things
 And on top of that there's people who see me like oh Russell's here
 I mean ask one quick question right it pulls you do rails you off this thing
 And so a big part of it is like for me is I had to literally shift my environment
 This is why I flew not flew I drove down to 10 hours on here and I'm by myself. It's lonely
 There's nobody else here. It's just me and my thoughts
 And so first off they it cuts off like 10 levels of
 potential distractions, okay, so that's the first step the second step is
 Like for me I have to I have to find
 Like I have to find rewards of things
 I want like I want to listen to this thing or watch this show where I want to eat this thing or whatever
 And I have those things and I cannot give those to myself
 All right, these have to be the carrot to get me to actually do something right?
 So for me for example is 11 o'clock right now. I'm starving
 I wanted breakfast this morning and I said if I had breakfast right now that would feel really good
 And then I'm going to go like you know just like that there's no carrot
 So I was like okay
 I'm gonna eat but I can't eat till this chapter is done
 And then my brain's like but the chapter like you can be really long and all the things
 I'm like I know but if you're hungry you got to figure this out and so I was like and so finally I sat down and
 At least for me with writing takes a minute for me to get into flow state right like
 It's gonna take 20 30 40, you know an hour for me to be able to get to the spot where I'm writing right and thinking I'm analyzing
 Trying to think about stuff. I'm researching trying to find stuff
 And then I start writing and then I can get into the zone and it's like okay now in the zone
 So I start writing as fast as I can right and I'll be like hey
 So I get to the end of this I get my reward I get a wee lunch, you know breakfast whatever it is
 I'm so excited. I'm writing I'm writing and goes fast like can and I'm in momentum now right?
 It's not the next thing is like tricking yourself with these carrots to get into momentum, right?
 And then when you're in momentum, I can't remember who it was some writer that was following said this and it's really cool
 It said that if you if you end
 You're writing like if you end at the end of a chapter that it's like this ending point, right?
 And then the problem is like ah done
 I'm going you do your thing you reward yourself and you come back and you're like oh like how do I?
 How do I get back into this right?
 The next chapter the next project the next video whatever it is
 And so it's like starting over again. So what they recommended was like when you get to the end of something you don't stop
 You start the next chapter right?
 First three or four paragraphs so you're still momentum where things are happening and then when you stop it's like oh
 I know where I left off I can pick up a lot faster than going through that whole exercise and spending 45 minutes an hour trying to like
 So you're gonna talk about and get your mindset back right and getting into the spot right?
 So you're you're starting the next part of the process the next part of the project
 You can part of it done so that that brainstorming session you had was it happened while you're in momentum
 It's going to be faster and then you can pick up faster when you come back from eating breakfast or your activity
 Or everything is that you reward yourself with so that's kind of cool as well
 So those you know those are some of the the core things
 I'm working on right now. So
 Literally I just finished the chapter
 I got the next intro written and now I'm like hey that can come eat and then I'm like I'm gonna reward myself by doing a podcast real quick
 And eating and you know all these little things real quick
 Knowing though that I gotta be back up in you know like 20 minutes and I got to pick up where I left off
 I got another two-hour sprint to get to the next chapter
 Because I have my next award reward after that and then I've got one more tonight and then I'm done
 I'm gonna head back home and go be the kids which is the ultimate reward. So
 Anyway, there's some tricks again. It's not flawless system. It's not perfect. I'm still struggling
 But there's some of things that are helping me and so I think for any of you guys who are like me who have
 The ADD like squirrel. There's a squirrel over here and over here over here, you know
 These are some tricks that will help you to actually get your projects out change your environment get away from your normal world
 Right, you need some people go to a Starbucks. They go to a library. They go to the park bench
 If that's what it takes go there, right?
 Some people come in early the day. They come up late at night
 They you know when everyone's asleep or whatever right figure out whether it is that you need to go to be able to do that
 There's a more one number two get yourself into momentum, right?
 It's quick as you can you're in momentum you're more stuff done and when you're in momentum keep working through it, right?
 Oh and give yourself treats or prizes or something at the end of a momentum session to make sure that you actually get to it
 And then again don't don't end on the end of the chapter or the end of the project
 Like start the next ones that way you're able to keep moving forward
 So there you go. Hope that helps that said I'm gonna pound my breakfast real quick and get back to work on this book
 So someday hopefully you'll have a chance to read it. So
 That's my goal up for plan. I appreciate all for listening
 And I will talk to you as well again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add
 Me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
