 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back the marketing seekers podcast today. I'm sending you message from beautiful Mexico
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey, what's up everybody so we are here actually at the two comic club X inner circle slash category Kings
 mastermind group
 Which is exciting we're in Mexico in the past we used to do like the big two comic club crews, but
 You know cruises are kind of sketchy now
 to rent in all its close to resort and it's actually really cool because
 It was interesting and I don't know that there's a lot of variables
 So this may not be the only one but I thought we would get more people to register for the cruise
 That's even pretty sorry pre-covid it's pre-covid to cruise and the same amount of about the same amount of people in our mastermind group
 And we had you know X amount of people that sign up for the actual crews from that that pool of people that were eligible to go
 And then this year we had you know this year's post-covid so
 We did here and the group of potential people who can come is about the same
 We had like three times to make people register for this and so I don't know
 It could be just covid people want to travel and get away. That's definitely a possibility, but I
 Think that more people want to go to an all-inclusive resort than a cruise which is the opposite
 I would have believed and thought so anyways kind of cool
 I wanted fears on the cruises nice because I was kind of jammed this little boat
 And so more people got out and met and I'm a little nervous that here people are going to hide in their rooms during the
 Sessions, but hopefully not so
 Anyway, I'll report back and let you know more how it's going so far
 We finished day number one and it was it was amazing. It was really really cool
 So I want to share with you guys all just
 kind of a thought or not ha or a
 I don't know something that hopefully will be
 helpful for you all
 I'm hoping that all of you guys especially those who are obviously you know
 We kind of cater towards two types of businesses. There's like the expert business and the econ business, right?
 And so a lot of my econ people in fact, it's funny here at the event. It's broken into groups
 I hear who's our expert group here's our econ group and you know, Allison Prince teaches a lot of it the econ stuff
 I teach the expert stuff and so kind of split down the middle there as well
 But we're both trying to get across over where she's trying to get all the expert people to do
 They add physical products their product to their to their offers
 I'm trying to get the econ people and info products their offer
 so it's kind of a blend back and forth but
 The thing I want you guys to understand is just the power of honestly singular framework
 Each of you guys who were in a business you have some type of framework, right some kind of
 Process or system or things that you do take somebody through to get it in result, right?
 And one of my favorite people that I've seen do this is Brooke Castillo Brooke is
 amazing entrepreneur. She's got it
 She's she's got a great with huge podcast great podcast great membership site great coaches certification program in fact all of our
 101 coaches for our mastermind groups all come from
 From her program. They're all certified through her, but she basically he's created one really really really how many really thinking with 22 really
 really good framework, right and her business is based around honestly it's one core framework and
 She teaches this framework on a podcast. She talks about it on her, you know in her emails
 like everyone's talking about this one framework
 and
 Then she has never since I was 300 bucks a month that then teaches people how to use the framework like how to get
 How to use the framework in your life if you're a coach I use it for the people like all sorts of stuff and then
 I guess 300 bucks a month and then she has a coaching certification program. It's like 18 thousand dollars a year
 I think her I believe that's what it is and there's where she helps you to master the framework where you can start teaching it helping
 Coach other people and it's it's really cool, right? That's her basic business
 She has one framework that she talks about for free everywhere
 And she's got a membership site 300 bucks a month where she teaches you in depth how to use the framework and get live coaching from
 Coaching students stuff like that and then on top of that
 She's got the certification where you can master the framework and use it as a tool in your own business
 But her old business and her business is multiple multiple eight figures one one of the not the biggest info product business
 That I'm aware of right now, which is really cool. Anyway, again we come back and we look at that and look what she's doing and
 Yes, it's insanely successful right and so
 as I was as I was thinking about the master I grew up in right now and
 If you guys know my business, hopefully you do at this point. I have frameworks. I don't have one
 I have products have more excessive compulsive
 I don't know OCD is high with me
 But I have a lot of frameworks right and if you read dot com secrets expert secrets traffic secrets like those are my core frameworks
 Kind of all laid out right if you go through those books
 You understand my my prints my framework of the value ladder and then my frameworks for each type of funnel inside the value
 I don't my frameworks for my scripts and if you go to expert secrets you learn
 Other frameworks and you learn frameworks about a start a movement you learn frameworks about
 how to
 Do a do yourselves presentation your perfect webinar right you learn frameworks and how to close you learn those ones and the traffic secrets
 You learn dream 100 learn congregation you learned frameworks on how to infiltrate any any media platform and like on and on right?
 So those are like my core
 marketing frameworks. There's a bunch of them. There's other ones we teach aren't necessarily inside the books
 But the core ones are there right and so it's cool about it is like if you look at my business I can go and I can
 For free teach talk about any of my frameworks right?
 I've been a hundred podcast interviews about the dream 100 framework of the other ones about you know about value ladder
 I've never been other ones about just you know, I knew that the tons of dozens of frameworks. I've meant I've you know
 Not bent head down. It's that's right word the ones that we kind of put together
 I've been you know tons of training on every one of those things individually
 But they all push back like hey if you want to learn this in more detail
 Go get the books and people read the books and they get all the frameworks
 They get a good understanding of them and then from there they're in turn value ladder
 And after you're made a value ladder everything else we do is just based on those core frameworks
 So like I'm teaching more things
 Honestly, which is kind of cool. Like it's just it's master's like learning like how to actually use these frameworks, right?
 And so if you go up our coaching ladder, right? There's like one funnel way which is picking like very specific like we're gonna show you is one
 You want framework for creating product one for framework for
 Fauna very specific type of funnel one framework for traffic rate. It's just like one framework across each thing
 That that's the OFA challenges, right? Then from there we send people up to our two common club X coaching program and
 Two common club X coaching program then is where we're picking a couple more frameworks
 We're going deeper than where we got coaches. You got one of one coach. You got group coaches
 You got a tribe of people who are working together. You got all these people right?
 It's like really helping you to dial in and perfect this this framework and then
 After you get up to comic club X which people sit in two common club X coaching program until they
 Were to come up aboard and they can make a million dollars and then something secret happens fun hiking live
 Nobody knows this is except for the two common winners
 But when you win the two common clubs we invite you to a secret luncheon
 That's only for people who want the two common club or above and it's a two common club luncheon
 They invite people to join me in a circle and it's funny because a lot of people join the inner circle
 And we found this especially people who had been in the two common club X coaching program and moved up to the inner circle
 That he was the curriculum for inner circle. I'm like there's no more curriculum
 You guys have you've gone through these things right like the the inner circle and they're not my circle
 We've got our category things like the like the different levels here. It's still it's the same frameworks
 We've already learned them, but now inside the mastermind what's been cool is over the last you know 10 years
 I've been teaching the stuff
 We've got now thousands if not hundreds of thousands of people use these frameworks in different places
 So the mastermind now becomes everybody else saying okay
 Well, yeah, I did a challenge funnel, but this is right to different I tweak this I added this and I change this
 You know and then oh I did a my value ladder looks like this and oh my thing looks this and just everybody taking
 Taking these core fundamental frameworks that we first laid out and then building on and adding things tweaking things changing things right
 wait someone today who
 Same thing like they come to our training
 But then they figure out this new hook and the new way to do something and then they built this huge two common club business doing that
 And then we had her come and present today and like hey, there's here's our name
 It's like it was you know
 There's a lot of similarities, but it was like her twists her taking how she took the the frameworks and evolved them and developed them further
 And they had new cool things and then we have these national meetings where I was getting up on the sharing and like right now
 There's people all around this resort here in Mexico and little meet-up groups
 And there's like groups like everyone who's doing challenge phones meet up and they're all sharing best practice like oh
 We did this and we added this little thing we had this badge here an increased conversion by this
 Oh, we did this right everyone's sharing things there and then there's a high ticket group and then there's
 There's another group another group of so there's always groups happening pop up all around the the resort right now of all the people
 Are mashing my groups all just sharing like like hey, I took this core framework. Here's like tweet
 Here's like changing. Here's how I applied it to my business
 I applied it to my industry. Here's how I did it and so it's really fascinating watching it because
 The evolution this was not like Russell to go higher ticket anymore frameworks. It's like no no, it's just it's a master's application. It's it's
 It's sharing the the tweets the changes the you know the evolution of the frameworks amongst those of the people
 They're out there and the trenches using them. That's why this has been so so fascinating
 I go to check it said everyone will break out groups
 Let's take notes by every else is sharing because there's just so much gold that everybody's dropping and so
 Anyway, I want to share it for a couple reasons number one
 If you're my value ladder like this is where you're going
 Keep figuring things out so I'm a success getting the coaching program
 It's the two comic club jumping in a circle and then come to these masterminds
 We can start taking this and network with you think with 600 people here on resort this which is cool
 I think the resort holds 900 people and we've got 600
 It's like more than half of the people here are funnel hackers
 Which has got to be awkward for all the people wondering why we all these you know similar t-shirts on it, but you know, that's what we do
 And so be part of that group and then they start sharing with each other
 It's just like so fascinating you know
 Fun hacking lives of a version of that you can find like in live and it's like all the speakers are people who for the most part grew up in our community
 Who do learn the core frameworks?
 Start using the clickfiddle software and then they figure out their hooks their tweaks
 They're their way that they evolved the principles and got them to work for them and for their market
 And so it's it's fun
 Like everybody building upon each other and like all for this one common framework
 So again the one is if you are in my world like this is the path
 This is what we're trying to take you this is the experiences want you to have with us here in Mexico do these kind of things
 The number two is for your own business understanding. That's the that's the that's the value ladder actually looks like
 It's not more stuff more stuff more stuff more stuff. You know again
 I look at Brooks business and it's one insanely good
 framework and then it's just gone deep and deep and deep on that the point where she's got one of the most successful
 Infoproduct businesses in the industry today from one framework. So we guys understand that because it's powerful. It's cool
 It's exciting
 It hopefully gets you as excited as well. So that's that thanks for listening and hopefully you'll be here with us in Mexico at the next
 Mastermind Paradise, which is becoming in about a year from right now. So all right. Thanks so much and that was hard to get soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode
 Please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram or wherever you post up and be sure to tag me and let me know
 Why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what's great for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now
 At no BS letter calm not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me to get this gift
 And your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
