 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson.
 Well, welcome you first off to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 I'm excited to be hanging out with you guys.
 And I think about doing some upgrades to this podcast.
 Check this out because part of me loves the way it is now,
 but part of me keeps thinking like,
 what can we do to make it amazing?
 So anyway, keep paying attention because there's probably some cool stuff coming
 really soon. But today I want to talk about something that is really cool,
 that is here today that I'm freaking out about.
 And yeah, it's by far my favorite new tool that I've been using.
 Yeah, so you excited to hear about it?
 It's going to change everything for you.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital
 for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services
 and the things that we believe in out of the world
 and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right, so I got to tell you guys the story.
 I remember so my first mentor in this business,
 the name is Mark Joyner.
 And I remember after you launched ClickFunnels and we had a live like,
 I don't know, maybe two years something.
 We actually had Mark fly out and I got to go to funnel form and it was like,
 it was really, really cool.
 And I remember sitting there and I'm building this funnel and having so much fun.
 And he said something to me.
 He's like, man, I've never seen somebody who's really that excited
 about their own product.
 And I was like, oh, yeah, I'm obsessed with ClickFunnels.
 I'm here every day for hours and hours and hours every single day.
 I wish ClickFunnels a long time, like how many hours you spend in there.
 Because I guarantee I think I spent more time inside of ClickFunnels
 than any other human on this planet because I love it.
 And how cool is it to be able to create a product and use a product?
 You love so much.
 You use it literally every single day.
 Okay, there's not many people that can say that.
 In fact, I guarantee that none of my competitors,
 the founders of the company use their own product a fraction of what I use
 is our own product because I use it every single day.
 Every day we launch new funnels.
 We're testing new things.
 We're like checking our stats and our ads and we're making split tests and tweaks.
 And like, I'm obsessed with it, as you guys know.
 But it's been a long time since something like ClickFunnels has come out
 that I've been excited for.
 And it's actually interesting that the back story behind this.
 So when we first launched ClickFunnels, there were three partners.
 First, it was me and Todd Dickerson.
 And then we brought in the third co-founder.
 So he has no him.
 His name is Dylan Jones.
 And Dylan was one who built the original ClickFunnels editor.
 And he was part of the team for a couple of years.
 And then eventually we ended up buying him out and he's been off on his own.
 Having the time of his life for the last couple of years and recently he started
 just playing around some new ideas and just he wanted to get back to coding
 and creating and stuff like that.
 And he messaged me a little while ago.
 It's like, hey, I had this new tool that I created.
 I want you to check it out.
 And the tool, I'll give you the tool front and I'll talk about what it does.
 It's called one pager.
 So it's one pager.io.
 So www.onepager.io if you want to see what it is.
 But it's just really cool editor that makes these little one page.
 These one pagers, they're called one pagers, right?
 And first I was like, okay, I don't get it.
 And he's like, no, it's like really cool.
 It's like you can use it for making lead magnets or creating process flows or
 everything.
 I was like, I don't I still didn't get it at first.
 Right.
 It's kind of struggling.
 And then he demoed himself using it and so cool.
 Like he opened up like this grid and then you can like you drag the grid and you
 create like a little blocking like, oh, what do you want?
 This block?
 You want text or video or headline or a checklist or whatever.
 And then you drag another block and like really quickly in like five seconds.
 I watched him build out like a spot analysis.
 One pager.
 They did one another one.
 I was like, oh my gosh, this is cool.
 And I was like, okay, like let's do one for let's do a one pager for a
 concept inside of my books.
 He's like, well, give me a concept.
 So I'm like, okay, here's my storytelling framework.
 And so he looked at my storytelling framework and within like five minutes, he
 built a one pager for it.
 That was insane.
 We're like, literally, I could use it as a lead magnet.
 So hey, hey, give me an email address.
 I will give you this one pager, which is going to teach you my story framework or
 I could sell it and be like, hey, you know, it can be the upsells.
 Like, hey, you bought my book.
 If you want, here's my, here's my six one pagers for me showing you all the
 process of the book, you know, section, I send box, I create an upsell for it in a
 heartbeat.
 Like in, in a few minutes, I create an upsell that fast for my book or I can
 make order for bumps or I can make like there's so many things.
 And I became mildly obsessed.
 I say mildly obsessed because I know to this day, there's nobody spent more
 time instead of one pager than me.
 I have built out now.
 I found out about right before we launched the five day lead challenge.
 Some of you have saw us do the five day lead challenge and in that challenge,
 I was teaching people make lead magnets.
 I'm like, okay, everyone like use one pager.
 And in fact, I got Dylan to go and create it so that they could everyone create
 the first one pager for free.
 So it's like create a one pager and use that to as a lead magnet.
 So in five day lead challenge, we taught, I think we had 45,000 people
 registered for that.
 I taught them all like, Hey, here's how to make a one pager.
 Go use that.
 Now you have a lead magnet.
 You can go give away.
 And so I had everyone go create a one pager lead magnet and then I did the one
 on a way challenge.
 I structured it where every single day I taught a principle,
 but I made one pager out of that principle and every day they learn a
 principle from me and then they get a one pager with all the stuff in it,
 right?
 And the day to day three, so I built 31 pagers for the for the one
 on a way challenge.
 I did five one pagers for the five day lead challenge and now it's like
 every thought I've ever had every concept, everything of every framework I've
 built every principle, every everything I've ever created or dreamt of.
 I'm turning into one pager.
 I got so obsessed.
 I am because it's taking these things, right?
 These concepts and it turns them tangible.
 Like it's hard to explain what a one pager is till you actually see one,
 but it takes something and it makes it tangible, right?
 Where it's like, Oh, now this framework, this, this, this abstract concept you
 shared with me.
 Now I can actually see it.
 I can touch it.
 It's like a thing that I can actually it's a, it's a, it's a one pager.
 Ah, so insanely cool.
 And I'm excited because I literally have been using this tool every single day.
 And as I, as I looked over the last literally 45 days, there's two products
 I've used every day.
 Um, and that's Monday through Monday, like, right?
 The seven days a week and that's click funnels and it's one pager.
 And, um, and I have to like, um, in full disclosure, I got so obsessed with one pager.
 I asked Dylan if I could buy into it, become a partner and it's now I am.
 So like, yes, I do have ulterior motives to tell you about it, but the reality is
 these are the only two products that I use every single day, every single day.
 In my business, that's it.
 Like, there's only like you ever once in a while, I log into my odd responders,
 I log into my analytics, I like, right?
 But, but like the two things I use every single day are click funnels and one pager.
 And that's pretty cool.
 How cool is it?
 Like create products that you use every single day.
 Not it's like, oh, it's the good.
 You can use it once, like every single day, every day in one pager.
 And now I'm going through everything I've ever taught all my books, all my speeches,
 the filmmaking line, all my, like projects have partially done, not finished.
 I'm turning them all into one pagers, one page after one page.
 I'm building lead bags, I'm building order form bumps, I'm building courses,
 I'm building everything with this amazing new tool called one pager.
 So anyway, if you're not going to want to page right now, you don't have a poll.
 So you should like pull over the car, positive thing, go to one page.io.
 And what's cool about it is so you created one pager and you can give it to somebody, right?
 So I give it to you and you can go take it and you plug it into one pager count and you have a free one pager account.
 It just stores all the one pagers people are giving you, right?
 So you have all the, all the content, the curriculum, the things you're learning and they're all stored in one pager account,
 which is cool.
 Right. And then I had Dylan set up.
 So the very first one page, you can create one for free.
 So you got one you can give away for free, you can make a lead nine, it doesn't cost you anything.
 Then obviously upgrade, you can create unlimited and it's insanely cheap, the software.
 We're going to be raising the price soon.
 But right now it's really, really cheap.
 And then you start creating these things and Dylan is in like full out creation mode.
 We're just adding all sorts of new things to it.
 He's adding new elements, new new, just new stuff that's, that's amazing inside of it.
 He's, he's working like membership modules and things like that.
 You can like have pastor protected one pagers and you have all like, oh, anyway, once again,
 unlocked when somebody buys from you and like the future of it's really, really cool.
 But like literally the product's been live to the world for 45 days now and I've used it every one of those days.
 And so anyway, it's not that, that often I get excited about a tool.
 In fact, I've not been, I told Dylan this before we became partners and before I bought into the company,
 I said, this is the most excited, I've been by software.
 So it's ClickFunnels.
 Like that's it.
 And, and he got pumped, I got pumped and now it's part of my day to the routine.
 I'm in one pager every single day.
 So if you're a creator, if you're a designer, if you're thinking about things, you're trying to create products,
 if you're trying to create lead magnets, you're trying to create order for months or courses or like whatever you should go start using one pager.
 If you're a speaker, if you're a presenter, if you're whatever you are, one pager is amazing.
 So the fastest ways I know to create a product, fastest way to get a day out of your head,
 fastest way to make a tangible thing.
 So anyway, you should all go to onepager.io and just go get a free account.
 I just play with it.
 Like it's seriously that cool.
 Anyway, so I'm pumped.
 I said it's not very often that use the product every single day.
 And the only two products use every single day right now are ClickFunnels and onepager.io.
 So there you go.
 And also just to add to that, there's one other product that we're working on right now that I can't tell you what it is yet.
 But it is amazing.
 And I do think it'll be the third product I use every single day.
 So we're probably three months out for I can talk about that one, but it's cool too.
 So I'm sharing this for a lot of reason.
 Number one, I want you guys to go sign for one pager.io number two.
 I want you to think about what is it you could create for your marketplace.
 You would actually legitimately use every single day.
 If you're going to use every single day, there's a good chance that your market will as well.
 And so just kind of a test.
 If it's like, oh, in fact, I can tell you in the past, I created software in the past that like I sold,
 but I never really use it myself.
 Like, oh, yeah, it does this one little thing, but it wasn't something that became like a staple in my life.
 You can create something that literally you can't live without using it daily.
 Man, how powerful is that?
 Then your customers start using it.
 They're using daily.
 It just changes everything.
 So anyway, hope you check it out one pager.io.
 Have some fun with it.
 Play with it.
 And that said, I'll talk to you as long as soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 We have decided to do it again.
 Yes.
 Earlier this year, we did our first ever virtual conference called two comic club live.
 We have over 5,000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing.
 So because of that, we've decided to do the virtual event just one more time.
 And I want to invite you and your family to attend for free.
 This is how it works.
 First, you can get your ticket at www.twocomiclublive.com.
 You're going to put in your credit card, but we're not going to charge you anything.
 Then you can attend the full three days and learn everything you can for me and from other two comic club winners.
 And then after the event, decide if it's worth it.
 If it's not, let us know and you won't pay anything.
 But if you love it and I'm sure you will, then you'll get built after the event is over.
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the two comic club.
 So go and get your tickets right now before they are gone.
 Go to www.twocomiclublive.com.
 Yes, that's www.twocomma.
 C-L-U-B-L-I-V-E.com.
 Twocomiclublive.com.
 (upbeat music)
