 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today's episode
 I want to talk about obsessing over your average cart value
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so I've been having so much fun in business recently a lot of good things are happening
 Things I can't tell you about yet things that a funnel hacking live will become apparent and by January 1st of next year will become
 You as well see the future. I've been there. It's amazing. I'm coming back and I'll show it to you guys
 But anyway, I can't tell you all the details. I can't tell you the things I am obsessing about right now because
 They're exciting and one of the questions that I got a lot
 There's an episode I did five six episodes ago where I talked about the difference between a two million dollar your company and a forty million
 dollar your company and that kind of talked about there's you know, there's two
 There's two businesses that I know of that so
 basically the same product one's doing two million bucks a year and one's doing 40 and
 And I talked about just thinking strategically different, but I didn't
 Excuse me to give all the details behind it for a couple reasons number one is I'm trying to acquire the
 The forty million dollar your company and I'm under all sorts of NDAs and stuffs. I can't talk about it
 But after the acquisition is done I guarantee you I'll be like anyway, you know, I'm good at keeping secrets
 I'm the worst
 This web podcast is called marketing secrets my books are all called whatever secrets like I just give you all the secrets somebody asked me
 I'm also can you keep a secret like no like I've got no
 Ability to keep secrets. I'm just gonna write a book about or do a podcast of anyway, so don't tell me secrets, but
 I'm sure that I will share with you guys more as I'm able to but
 Anyway, this I can't share though is as I'm watching again
 The difference between a two million dollar offer and a forty million dollar a year offer is
 Obsession with one thing
 Okay, you can guess what it is. I told you the intro so now, you know, it's obsession with your average cart value the ACV
 So what's the average cart value?
 That is how much money on average a customer gives you when they come into your to your funnel, right?
 So a good example is my my books right so like someone buys a book and it may pay 995 shipping handling for the hardcover
 Dotcom secrets book right so they buy that but doesn't my average cart values 10 bucks because from there they can
 There's the order for bump and then there's up so one up sell to there's all there's the whole process we take people through right?
 So as they go through this process
 The average person so for everyone who buys the book and say we sell a thousand books, you know
 Some people buy up so one so buy up so one and two and everyone's buying different things
 But if you do the average of all of them means on average how much you make for every book buyer
 So good examples when we first launched the traffic seekers book
 I remember the average cart value was like seventy dollars for everyone who bought a book we averaged
 90 dollars in
 Collected revenue during the the the immediate funnel the point of sale funnel right not talking about like over the next 30 days
 60 days 90 days because there's there's lifetime value customers always other metrics
 We look at but for average cart values how much money they make immediately point of sale while they're hanging out with you right?
 And so that's the that's the number now we launched the book funnel
 Obviously when you first launch it's like your most excited audience right like all of you guys were probably like I'm gonna buy
 Russell's book and you're like I'm gonna buy all the upsells and and you did and I'm grateful for that the average car value was amazing
 I was like 70 bucks a book over time as you go to colder traffic
 That'll usually you know taper down maybe ends up at you know 35 40 bucks average car value, right?
 And so but knowing that you know hey
 I can spend 40 bucks to sell a book and I'm still profitable like that's a big deal right this reason why we're able to
 So sell so many books that I can spend $40 to sell a free book whereas everyone else in the publishing world
 You know they're selling them nams on for 20 bucks. They can spend 20 bucks
 Maybe that's about it. So I can spend twice as much to acquire customer or more
 Because I control the cart plus you know get after the carts done
 And there's an email sequence all these other things that we monetize and so that customer becomes a lot more
 Comes a lot worth a lot more just over time, but the average cart value is the key right?
 Especially in this game like there are obviously companies we compete against who have outside investors and funding and they'll go six
 you know though
 they'll try to
 They'll go negative so they'll spend
 $200 or a thousand dollars to get a customer and take some six months to get their money back
 But for me and for you guys who are smart funnel hackers when I stand this game for the most part
 You should be able to break even in real time right?
 So you should you're like when you you spend a hundred dollars on ads just make a hundred dollars like
 worst case scenario right just because that's like we're
 We all should be I'm here is in this funnel hacker world
 We should be better than the majority of businesses right? You should be able to break even at point of sale
 And so that's kind of the the first thing right like that's how we're able to grow and scale these businesses is that we can spend
 $40 to sell a free book and we still break even and now you know everything on the back side of that is is gravy
 so hopefully that kind of makes sense because I'm a little deeper here now, but that's kind of the first part and
 Sorry, there's a somebody I know for some of you guys who've been around me for a long time. You're like yeah
 There's no brainer some of you may be newer to my be like I don't understand how this works
 You know like I thought that was my business was my funnel and it's like yeah, but that's the first funnel right like
 One of my first mentors actually first seminar I ever went to I heard Mike Liven say he said amateurs focus on the front end
 And I didn't know what he meant for years, but I was trying to you know
 I was trying to make money on my front end funnel
 And what he was saying the time I remember he was saying he was spending $30 to give away a free DVD
 And I was like how are you doing that?
 But I realized that people gave with free DVD then you know, they called him on the phone two weeks later
 He sold him the five thousand our coaching package and he had this whole business model
 And so he's able to go in the hole because you know that 30 days later he was gonna make money, right?
 And so that's kind of you know amateurs folks on the front end we're funnel hackers like we're not amateurs
 We're the ones who understand this game
 And so we can make really good funnels that are profitable front end and then we've got the back end on top of it
 So that's why we're able to grow a company so quickly, right?
 So anyway, I digress the thing I want you to get about today is obsession over average cart value
 So what I typically do and this is my bad habit is
 You know get together we launch the funnel during that launch time
 We're split testing we're tweaking we're testing we're trying to average cart value as high as we can and then after you know
 Two or three weeks a Russell gets bored it goes on next offer and he leaves okay my friend who were purchasing his company
 That did $40 million in sales last year
 I've watched him. He's got four or five little friend and funnels that he focuses on
 Actually for him that's he doesn't have a back end
 Which is why we're acquiring them click phones be perfect back in right?
 But he's making all his money just off the front and funnels
 But his obsession is with the average cart value right how much can you make for every person that comes through the funnel and right now?
 Just to kind of put in perspective I can't really exact numbers
 But his average cart value is something like
 $160 so it makes $160 every single person who buys his front end thing
 Which is insane we take it spend $160 to sell
 One of his things and seems not free plus shipping. There's there's a cost and I'm not gonna tell you as the pricing yet
 I can't but
 But it's crazy and as I've been talking to him as we've been you know doing this negotiation buying
 You know purchasing the company he'll send me messages about things. He's testing and he's still the same offer
 He's been running for five or six years now. It's it's killing it that I'm like I'd be like
 There's no way to make this better. He's like show me the things they're doing and they're not like
 Like a lot of us do split test like I did try this headline verse headline this versus this and that's great
 But he's not just doing that. He's he's been testing so much of such a deep level
 Like he's doing these big radical shifts right like you show me this process of where somebody comes in after X
 I'm out of seconds this thing pops up and then for a coupon the email and then he sends out
 You know this email sequence and he split testing two or three email sequences
 See which one gets the highest take rate and like on and on and on like all these things
 You know and and that's like his obsession is this this deep dive on average cart value making a better and better and better
 You know and when he got these bullets phones initially like the average cart value is like 60 bucks, right?
 Which is good. I would have been like celebrating with 60 bucks good to go
 You know I think that would have been a break even at that point because they're spending about 60 bucks to
 To break even but he's like obsessed with like okay. We need another upset. What's the downside?
 We change is how do we change this was email signals? What's the post the pre that the
 The landing page what are the you know like just he geeks out on all these pieces at such a deep level
 I start realizing that's my one of my biggest problems on my side is that I do some testing up front
 It's good enough
 We run it and then our ad team run it and then it runs till it's not profitable anymore
 Then we pause and we come back three months later and try to run it again, right?
 Whereas he just keeps going deeper and deeper and deeper and so on my side
 We started building out a team specifically just to do this like he's one of my sides inspired me like okay
 If I'm making you know forty dollar average cart value in a book
 Like what would the metrics look like if I give it eighty dollars?
 But I get to eighty dollar average cart value like that changes everything right like it's not a little tweak
 Like I guess been eighty dollars to give away a free book like like the metrics on that are insane right now
 I now I can sell millions of copies of book versus right now
 We're selling hundreds of thousands of copies of the book right
 But it's that but I had to figure that out so I don't know how to do it yet
 But it becomes the obsession right I did a clubhouse, which is probably gonna be
 On this podcast soon. I did a marketing students podcast or clubhouse
 And on that I asked people their biggest marketing secret and Perry Belcher dropped his bomb
 You may have heard this be said so the biggest thing he found biggest marketing secrets
 He has right now adding premiums and things and he specifically said that when Ryan diced launched his book
 He was getting a three percent conversion rate and so he added a t-shirt with it added as premium and went from a three percent conversion to eleven percent
 And he didn't talk about average cart value
 But come on now like you get three times as many customers to buy for these actually mad spend like your cart value
 You could three X right you go from a forty dollars average cart value to a one twenty by adding a t-shirt to go with your free thing
 Right or or something crazy like this like adding a premium. So I don't know if that's gonna work or not
 I have no idea guess what we're testing this week
 We're gonna test like you know you buy a doc on six book you can I build funnel C-shirt right like let's see how that works
 I could because if that increases cart value by
 Whatever like that's insane right the three X my cart value now
 I can spend three times more money to get customers and then he talks about he was doing premiums
 Not so on the front end but on the upsells and the downsells and things like that as well
 It's like what are the premiums can be added people more likely take the offers which that increases the average cart value
 You know like what's the email sequence? What's the what's the what's the actual offer could make the offer better to offer to be more expensive
 Maybe less expensive like
 There's just a million things you could test the most of us are like okay
 I test you know headline a headline B and that's it right or we don't test at all
 It's like man after you have a funnel that works, you know like my buddy here. He spends
 Obsessively for four or five years now the same product that another one of my really really good marketing friends
 There's two million bucks a year on he's doing 40 and the difference is the obsession with car by because he can outspend everybody else
 like 10 to 1 right and so that's the question for you is like how can you
 How can you obsess about average car by what things can you do like like can you build a team or a process?
 I used to have a mantra in our company back in the day was like
 When Todd was not developing quick funnels for full time and he was doing more stuff on the marketing
 He would come up with split test ideas and try to compete against each other all the time
 It was really fun
 It's our mantra at the time was like how do we give ourselves a raise every day?
 It's like well the way we do is by split testing right let's test this versus this versus this and keep testing different things
 And when you have a winner right like you add a t-shirt premium offer
 Let's say to your book funnel and all of a sudden it goes from a 3% to 11%
 Like you just 30 extra money or more like that's you just gave yourself a raise today, right?
 So like that was always the questions. How do we give ourselves a raise today? How do you give ourselves a raise today?
 What's the next thing? What's the idea? What's the you know what can we do to?
 To drive that you don't make those those changes and so for you and so I want to I want to post this in your mind
 Right after you have a funnel works instead of me when I do moving on the next funnel or focusing on something different like come back
 And say okay, here's my cart value every single day. How do I increase the cart value?
 What can I do today? What can I trust it? What can I try today?
 What else could you like how do I shift the offer? How do I position it from the like what like what?
 You know like what can I do to increase that cart value and the more you start thinking about it the more ideas will come the more
 Bigger highs should have like all these things will we can change based on based on that so
 Anyway, that's what I want to encourage you is to do is starting to obsess with the average cart value
 AC the average cart value how much to make each customer comes into your world
 All right with that said I'm in the podcast because I'm getting into traffic and I don't want to wreck so
 There you go
 Anyway, I appreciate you guys listening. Hopefully you got some value from this episode
 And hopefully it starts a new obsession for you on the thing that could take your funnel from a two million dollar a year to a
 $40 million a year thing
 Obsession with the average cart value they skinned you guys and we'll talk to you soon
 Hey everyone, this is Russell and really quick and want to let you know that we have decided to do it again
 Yes last year
 We did our first ever virtual conference called two comma club live
 We had over 5,000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing
 So because of that we decided to do the virtual event one more time
 We're calling it two comma cub live on core and want to invite you and your family to attend for free
 So this is how it works first you get your ticket at www.marketingsecrets.com/2ccl
 Since we're two comma cub live and then you're gonna put in your credit card
 But we're not gonna charge you anything then after you attend the full three days learn everything you can for me and from our other
 Two comma cub winners then you can decide if it's worth it or not if it's not worth it
 Then let us know and you're not gonna pay anything
 We'll cancel your card you got to attend the entire event for free
 But it's like most of the people who attend and go full out for the entire three days by the time it's over
 I'm sure you're gonna love it
 And if you do then you get built for the event after the event's over that way you don't have to pay unless it's worth it for you
 So the Golden's event is helping you build out your own road map to the two comma clubs
 So what you're doing now is going get your tickets right now before they're gone go to marketing seekers comm
 Slash to CCL. Yes, that's www.marketingsecrets.com
 4/2ccl. Thanks so much and we'll see you at the event
 (upbeat music)
