 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Alright everybody. Hope you guys are in amazing. So couple things first off
 If you have the chance to go to marketing secrets.com recently if not
 It is a gift to you guys
 We've been archiving and categorizing and making amazing magic over there and not telling everybody about it yet
 So if you go to marketing secrets.com and fight all back archives of the show the videos of the show
 Transcripts of the show plus
 Which other amazing things are coming in there? Funnock or TV now or archive the market secrets.com and the scene shows over there
 We've got tons and tons of stuff. There's my beautiful wife
 All right back
 I talked to my beautiful bride like sex airflows who are listening probably know what's happening. So
 Anyway
 What was I talking about
 It must have been awesome. Can I totally forgot? Oh, marquee seekers comms. So check out the blog so much good stuff there
 it's happening we're adding and
 And we're keeping it better better. Fact that he's doing the cider guides going in there. They're like basically a book like an entire like
 Doc comes to your expert seekers book just we're doing all but it's blog post format first one that's going live this week 11,000 words
 All folks are network marketers the funnels for them. So anyway, hope you guys enjoy it go check it out. All right, so
 I just want to share something cool. So if you lost listen to last podcast, I kind of
 I was mining but it was after I got down to kids wrestling practice and
 I was just like man
 That was hard and then none of them wanted to be there and they were they wanted to be there
 But it was just like it was just it was a lot harder
 I thought kids broke out fights in the middle of practice
 Club was gone to a bar class and then so clip L. E came out
 No, we're gonna keep to keep changing a poop on trying to coach and like it was just crazy. So anyway Sunday
 Supergirl Sunday we went out to the gym because I don't know
 I like watch the commercials
 But I don't really care how much about football and the night before was the wrestling super bowl basically Penn State, Ohio State
 Wrestling it was the greatest tool I think I've ever seen ever so that was my super bowl Saturday night Sunday
 It was just like going to church and then play the kids so
 And they come in for the commercials like that's kind of how we do it. So
 He went out in the wrestling room and we got out there and ate my little seven-year-old who the whole time was like
 I don't want to know is this scary? I don't know. You know all kind of stuff
 He's like dad watch this and he did the moves like he did him the way that I taught him
 He did the he did his drop step perfectly and then he came and he did push pull
 He did his underhooks like everything I taught him he did perfectly and he was all excited and he and I was like oh my gosh
 It already is happening like he actually liked wrestling though
 he hated the entire experience the next day when he like knew the move he loved it and
 Anyway, it was it was exciting and since one showed to you guys because that was awesome. So all right
 So I got one quick thing to share with you guys today as we're about to start a week long crazy hackathon with Todd and Ryan
 Everybody in-house
 And this is something we learned from the book remote if you haven't read the book remote yet
 Or rework actually anything from those guys over 37 signals. They're awesome, but
 I think it was remote
 Yeah, because when we launched click phones initially
 We were thinking about making every mood Boise and that kind of stuff and then we decided not to do more remote
 So we've got about 20 so people in Boise and then everyone else 130 people are all remote
 Which is crazy
 So we used a lot of like what Jason freed and those guys have trained on is like our Bible for growing our company because they grew base camp
 And they did something similar but one thing they talked about
 Excuse me in remote was once a quarter they bring everybody in together to get that proximity
 It's like work together for a week and then they go back out on their own
 So that's what this week is everyone's flying in and we're all gonna be together and we're working on a bunch of really cool things for
 Action X MD which is going live at fun hacking live
 Action X MD Russell only the greatest thing ever if you got click fun
 It was cool before the action X is cool before wait till MD comes out because this is where we're taking to the next level
 I'm gonna excited for that. So I
 I encourage you as you ever mo team get them together they come together Tony Robbins talks about their proximity is power and so
 Even if you have remote team, that's okay get them together
 Fly them together go to hotel room something get them together because that proximity is power and it gives you
 I just time to brainstorm and be together and like amazing stuff happens from it. So if you haven't read the book remote go and read it
 Because you can build amazing companies and cultures even remotely like we have
 Which we were really scared of initially, but it's worked and it's worked really really well, and so
 But the big key of it is what we're doing this week
 So I'm sure if you're watching funnel ocker TV behind the scene show you'll see a little behind the scenes what's happening
 if not
 You're missing out so be there be square alright guys appreciate you all everybody's today and we'll see you guys soon
 Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called comm secrets and you get your free copy at comm secrets comm
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
