 Hey everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I know this is the day you've all been waiting for
 You had to hear me talk about myself again. I apologize for that
 But now you get to hear my wife talk about her amazing self and the experience and everything we kind of went through
 So again, this is part of a four-part series the first two are my interview with Monica Tanner on the on the brighter side podcast and
 The second half now the next two episodes are klettes interview with with Monica
 So I'm excited to share those with you guys. This is only klettes second interview ever
 So she's been nervous, but she's definitely coming
 You know coming into her own and kind of finding her voice and it's been fun listening to her
 So I hope you enjoy this episode if you do, please let me know
 Take a snapshot of this post on Instagram or Facebook
 And let me know your comments. I'll make sure klettes them and with that said I'm a cute with things song
 And when we come back you listen to part one of Monica's interview with klettes
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hello and welcome to on the brighter side
 I'm your host Monica Tanner and I am so
 Excited about my guest today. Not only she one of my bestest friends
 So I'm so excited to just sit here and chat with her
 But she has one of the most amazing
 stories of just her really fun life
 And I just wanted to ask her a bunch of questions and pull out some of the really cool details of her life that I think will just be
 Really interesting and helpful to anyone who is in a similar situation
 So I asked my friend Collette Brunson to come and chat with us today. Hey Collette. How are you? Good? How are you?
 So good. I'm so glad you're here
 So I wonder if you could just start by telling us a little bit about yourself and your family
 So I've been married for 17 years
 I have five beautiful children who are growing rather fast and we are learning all of the new steps of teenager life and
 Things that come in those areas. I love helping fitness
 It makes my day to be able to get a little something in for myself
 So many things I still have a toddler at home that keeps me running and doing all of the things playing dolls
 And I feel like right now that's who I am. I feel like I'm a toddler
 learning how to navigate teenagers
 Yes, so you are married to Russell Brunson and we're gonna talk a little bit about him in this interview
 And I just want to make sure that everybody understands that I
 credit Russell with the fact that we're even sitting here podcasting because I
 Was at kind of an all-time low in my life. I had tried something new
 I went back to school and it didn't work out
 And so I was super discouraged and just kind of trying to figure out what I wanted to do with my life
 And your husband Russell came over and sat on my couch
 And he was like you should start a podcast and I was like, what are you even talking about like no way?
 I have no idea how to do that and he's like, oh, yeah, you should do it
 And here's how and you're gonna be great and I was like, oh my gosh
 And I did it and it has been literally the most rewarding thing obviously besides raising my children that I've had the opportunity to do
 So we're probably I'm probably gonna like, you know
 Give him a hard time a little bit in this interview
 But just know that it is with so much respect and love and gratitude that I speak about him
 And I really do hold him in such high esteem. So I had the opportunity to interview him on the podcast
 He was my fifth guest ever and I was so grateful that he agreed to come on
 He totally didn't have to but it was in the very beginnings of the podcast the audio quality was horrible
 But it was a really good interview and I noticed a few things first and foremost
 I noticed that when I introduced him I introduced him as my really good friend Collette's husband
 So I made sure that he was you know, he is kind of a big deal
 But first and foremost, he is your husband
 Yes
 And I also noticed that my love of interviewing came through like you could tell that I
 Love interviewing people and hearing their stories and it was so fun to interview him and we started off my first question
 Was how did you wrestle as a goofy wrestler get this amazing gorgeous girl to marry
 You and he told the story so now I want to hear your version of the story of how you met and fell in love with the goofy
 So Russell and I met at Boise State. We are a product of the singles ward
 So in the Latter-day Saint community the singles ward and so we here's the thing Russell is five and a half years younger than I am
 So when I first met Russell, you're right. He was a goofy wrestler. He was just fun
 His apartment was fun and we did lots of things together my roommate and myself and his apartment
 They were known as the wrestling apartment and it wasn't until October
 I believe it was October when we went to a youth activity at the corn maze and we were goofing around and being silly
 But Russell you could just feel his energy and so that was kind of the kickoff
 And then once our apartments kind of got closer and friendships and things like that the more we would talk about qualities
 Our spouses would have and the more he talked about the qualities his spouse would have
 I kept thinking oh my goodness. He's checking the boxes of me
 And I'm like, I can't fall in love with somebody that's five years younger. Who are you kidding? He can't support me and so yeah
 So we kind of funny thought
 I know right like how was he going to support me and and it is funny because I
 Work hard and you know what I mean? I just thought well, I want to play dreams to be a mom
 So it came out in January that I liked him and he was floored because he'd never in a million years would call that bronson
 Like Russell Brunson or whatever my maiden name was at the time
 So yeah, we started dating and it moved rather fast
 So we started dating in January by April. We were engaged and
 August we were married so once the I love you's came out. It was time moving on grooving
 Yeah, so when you were first married he was wrestling at Boise State and you were supporting him
 He couldn't get a real job because of wrestling, but he started sewing potato guns online
 Were you ever like oh no?
 What have I done? This guy is totally crazy
 Never like I enjoyed because when you're first married you're super duper in love and you're like
 I'll follow you to the moon and back and so we always I don't know
 Just did the silly goofy things and so and he's like I'm gonna make a product out of potato guns and I'm like, yeah
 Do it and he was during spring break and all his wrestling buddies were off to vegas doing their thing
 And he and his buddy stayed home and trying to support their wives that are working while they wrestle
 And so no, I was never like oh my gosh what in the world. I was right along there with him filming
 Them do their thing and just out there having fun together
 That's so cool
 So when I was interviewing Russell asked him about his failures and he talked about I loved the word
 He used it. He called it cycles not failures
 He's cycled and almost went bankrupt a couple of times
 And I wonder if you could talk about your experience in the early years and what it was like for you to be kind of successful
 And then moves it all and then cycling like that. Okay, you know what it's kind of funny
 I feel like I live in this little bubble of protection
 And so Russell is the kind of man that he kind of kept it to himself
 Like I didn't know he was cycling until it was really bad
 And I our boys were little and I remember it being December and I kept saying we should go to Disneyland for their birthday
 Their December birthdays. Let's go do Disneyland. He's like um
 We don't have any money and I'm like what so
 It's just kind of one of those things where he was trying to protect me
 But I do like it's just so cool when we do cycle
 How you build a stronger relationship and how to get all of the tough times and the scary times and how you make it work
 And I never was really fearful
 I mean Russell's brain is always constantly working and immediately
 I'm not gonna lie. We did hit our knees together and set a prayer and you know
 Trying to bring some comfort into those hard times like always and I was never I was never afraid
 But I think that's just because I grew up in a super duper humble setting and we didn't have a whole lot
 And I worked really hard for things so I kept thinking to myself if I need to I can get a job
 I can help out where I can and so I was never super fearful. I guess. Yeah. Yeah
 You always believed in him. I always did like he just I don't know
 He has a really good way of making you feel certainty
 I guess and so and when he was not certain all the uncertainty for him and he just did a good job
 Making his feel safe. Yeah, so there's this picture floating around the internet
 Of you guys cutting up all your credit cards and you look kind of sad and like, you know, not
 Horrible, but you know, it's like this is really hard. We're cutting up all the credit cards
 What were you thinking in that moment and like what got you through those months and those years when you just had no clue where
 Money was gonna come from. Okay. So I'm gonna just say I love our younger years and our cute little humble
 Duplex that we lived in and I do remember sitting on there being silly and acting like oh man
 This is the end of the world. I'm putting up my credit cards because it was actually a relief
 Because it's so easy
 To just go rack it up and spend and spend and spend and so when we did cut them up
 It was actually a sense of relief to move forward and create a new a new beginning
 But work harder than I've ever worked before I had an awesome job
 I was able to make the payments needed for the loan that we had acquired which was my in-laws
 They helped us out and we made payments to them, but yeah, I just I don't know I it was fun
 And I do remember selling like CDs like all my music CDs
 They went to Hastings and I sold my CDs one time for grocery money and
 Just different things like getting creative on how to make ends meet and we did and it's seriously one of my favorite times
 In our lives. Yeah, I remember those younger years when we had nothing, but we had each other and it was like fun
 We're invincible. We can do this. Yeah, we weren't wasting away by this side of the road. We had what we needed
 So you guys tried for a really long time to start your family and there were some heartbreak and some hard times in there
 Can you talk about what that was like for you?
 And did you ever think that you really wouldn't be able to have kids?
 So when we got married, I was 28
 So by the time we were seriously thinking about having children, I was in my 30s
 And so yes, it did cross my mind
 I'm like oh my goodness is my body starting to take over with age and I can't have my baby
 And there was heartbreak because for some other members of my family
 I mean, I feel like fertility was super easy for them and they would be instantly having kids
 And so for my journey in trying to have my family took
 We always have a timeline and what we think is the way it should happen
 And yeah, we did we had like we went on fertility and I remember the very first time I started
 The fertility process was when Russell was at the pack 10 tournaments
 We were in California and I had to start the injections and I just remember thinking to myself
 I don't know what I was thinking actually like holy cow
 What are we doing?
 You know that I wouldn't have it any other way because I feel like once I did once my body did get pregnant
 Holy cow, no holding back my family came and there's a lot more stories out there than our heartbreaking
 And I don't know if I ever felt like I would not have children
 So I was super hopeful and really once we did start the process
 It was three months in the fertility world that we've conceived and found out we were having twins so yeah
 I don't know sometimes yeah, and now you have five happy healthy gorgeous kids
 There are some of my favorite kids most of us have gotten to know and love them
 Is that what you always envisioned or like did you think more?
 Did you think less like was it just right?
 You know what okay
 So I don't come from a very big family and so when we had the boys my body got
 I mean I got pregnant right away after having them
 So and I actually miscarried in between there which made me think you know what?
 I'm going for it. I just want my family. Let's get in here
 My time clock is ticking
 And so in between their Ellie came so they're 18 months apart and I was good
 Three is my number. It's good until the overwhelming feeling of these cute other spirits four and five
 Came but yeah, I never thought in a million years
 I would have five children ever I find myself to be the least patient person
 Oh my gosh, that's not true. I've learned how to be patient
 But there's a lot of times too like never in a million years. How do I have five children?
 It's insane. Well, they're so cute for sure
 So as you were raising these five children and they were close together
 So you were really busy with young kids for a long time and still kind of are
 Did you ever feel resentful about being at home while Russell was out there kind of making his dreams come true?
 And you're here with all these kids. How was that like?
 I was never resentful
 But I did get a little jealous sometimes because I was the one getting up and getting ready for work
 You know before he became the office man or the entrepreneur man and but yeah, so I was never
 resentful, but I was a little bit jealous sometimes you're like, oh what I you know
 I would just give anything just to get out for just 30 minutes
 And take a minute
 But I find myself super blessed because once Ellie was born we were able
 We were blessed to be able to bring somebody in to help me out a little bit so I was able to
 go grocery shopping without kiddos or
 run some of those silly errands, but
 Never never resentful. Yes. What do you think has been the biggest challenge you had to overcome in your marriage or your life together?
 Ooh, okay
 I think the biggest challenge that we have I think is sometimes feeling connected because I don't talk click funnels
 Or I don't talk entrepreneur or talk and so Russell talks to everybody else that talks or speaks his language
 So I always feel like our biggest struggle is when I don't give enough appreciation to
 to click funnels or to anything that
 He has created and so sometimes I feel like the gratitude there was kind of you know
 Or the appreciation was out of alignment and then I feel like also the other struggle is communication
 I feel like we've worked on that a lot throughout our marriage
 But I feel like we get going a thousand different directions here with click funnels me with the kiddos
 Which by the way, he's a super awesome dad and being involved
 But sometimes we're crossing paths and the first time we see each other for real for a real conversation is when we're too tired to talk
 And so anyways, that's been kind of our thing that we've been working on and just growing
 Our conversation learning how to communicate with each other because sometimes we're like, oh, how do we not talk about the kids or how do we not talk about
 Click funnels. Yeah. So anyways, just to find a common thing to talk about is yeah
 And I get that I think other wives can relate to that because there's husbands with hobbies like golf or
 Sports or something and you know you you want to be supportive and interested
 But you're kind of like, uh, I don't really talk football talk or yeah, no, and so it's not speaking your language
 Like I'm gonna support you. I was just kind of lazy over you're like I hear you that sounds awesome
 Hear you and I love you. I keep up the good work. Yeah, good job
 So talk about stuff at work
 I've heard you talk in
 Another interview about the moment when you realized kind of the impact russell was having on other people
 And you probably didn't know because he doesn't share a ton of that with you like what was that like when you realized?
 Oh my gosh
 This is russell and he does all of these things for all these other people I had no idea
 So it was after I had our Nora our baby number five
 And she was three months old when the very first click funnels event was kicked off in las vegas
 And I remember going and walking into the event room before anybody was in the event
 But we walked in just to see the process of it being set up and how it looked and I broke into an ugly cry
 And russell's like, oh, I don't know what to do here and I'm like, give me just a minute
 He's like, I just said, I don't understand. I said all of these people are here for you
 And he's like, well, yes
 They're here to learn what we teach and marketing and things like that
 And I'm like, I am finally seeing that because being at home with all of the kids and surviving daily life
 Keeping them alive. I just kind of you know, he goes to the office and does this thing
 So the first time for me to realize that he was had an influence on so many people was super overwhelming for me
 And then which is a really good thing for a wife to see because then the greater appreciation and like oh my gosh
 Keep up the good work. This is amazing
 I did do an ugly cry for probably a good 30 minutes and trying to catch my breath of realizing who he was
 So kind of funny. I don't know
 That's awesome
 Hey, this is rufflegan and uh really quick. I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did
 Can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with 5,000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you
 Who think like you who believe like you who have vision like you if you would like to do that
 Then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live. It's coming up very very soon
 Uh, if you don't ever take a shot, you go to funnel hacking live.com
 And it gives you the ability to leave your home
 Leave where you're you're trying to to create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who
 believe like you who see visions like you of what they can create what they can become
 Funnacking live is not just a marketing event. It's not just a personal development event
 It's both of those things wrapped into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So I'll make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me I go to funnel hacking live.com
 New year tickets. We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well and after you get tickets you will be there with 5,000 other insane
 Crazy fun the funnel hackers talking how to grow their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You gotta go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live.com. Thanks so much and I'll see you in Nashville
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
