 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secret show
 This episode is the exciting conclusion of our four-part series
 Of my interview with Monica Tanner from on the brighter side podcast and then my beautiful wife's interview
 As well, and so I hope you have been enjoying it
 I know I got tons of feedback on Instagram and Facebook people love to cleats interviews
 So if you love this one too again take a snapshot on your phone go post it on Instagram or Facebook and let me know
 Tag me in it and and I will make sure Clut reads your comments what you thought about her episode
 And so that's all I got
 With that said I will cue up the theme song when we come back you'll hear the exciting conclusion to this four-part episode
 We hear the rest of Clut interview with Monica Tanner from on the brighter side podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 So a lot of your life gets documented on social media
 I mean
 I know everything that you're doing all the time not just because we're friends
 But because I follow Russell and I see what you guys are up to what is it like to live in the public eye so much?
 Like are you ever just like over it like get that camera out of my face or I mean
 How do what does that like for you when he's documenting so much of your personal life?
 Sometimes I forget like he just pulls it out and he's instastory and everything until we go
 somewhere and he gets spotted or we are at an event and people are like I just love Nora and I'm like ooh
 Okay that in the realization hits like there's a lot of people that are watching what we are doing
 And sometimes I kind of freak out when the you know the camera comes on and I'm like whoa
 I'm out until I realize she looked like a single dad and then I'm like, you know what?
 I need to be in some of those stories
 I'm like I'm very involved. Make sure I look that way. Yes. Yes
 Well, it's true my family, you know
 I mean way lower scale
 But I mean I document a lot of my family's life on social media too and sometimes they're like mom do not post that
 Are you ever just like Russell do not post that?
 Sometimes like oh did you catch that?
 Who's gonna see this? Oh my gosh
 I love it. I love it. Well one of the things that just warms my heart Russell is a really good dad
 He's really good dad. He's a family man
 I mean he is who he says he is which I absolutely love and not many people can really say that
 But he is just super genuine and when I asked him about that like how he stays so grounded and so kind of true to who he is
 He gave you all the credit about he said that he gets so passionate about things
 And he could spend months at the office and forget about everything and everyone else in his whole life
 But he said that you don't really care about all of that stuff
 And you just kind of love him for him and you've created this home that he loves to be and this family where he loves to be a part of
 And he considered that his greatest accomplishment. So what do you think about that? I love it. I feel like I'm in a
 Really unique position where he cares so much and I feel like sometimes I talk to other wives moms
 You know friends that don't have a you know
 I mean it's just different and so I feel super blessed that he is very visual with his family
 It's exactly what he wants and every time I do take the kids on a little road trip
 So he can finish a project or we go do something his comment is always like oh this house is too quiet without you bring back the family
 It's too quiet, but he is such an energy a ball of energy that keeps up and I'm not kidding you
 I mean there's constant rustling at the house. There's constant jumping and playing outside
 But he is very aware of the time spent at home
 And I am so blessed because I feel like it's not the case for a lot of a lot of women
 And I just love how involved he is and how I don't know he is very and I love being the one to keep him grounded
 I feel like I'm jumping all over the place, but I do sometimes I'm like yeah, keep it real. Can you please take out the garbage?
 I don't know. He's just but yeah, he just is a normal guy and that always makes me giggle when he run into people and they're like
 Oh my goodness. It's Russell Francis. I'm like, uh-huh. Yep. He's an amazing grounded man
 But I don't know it's funny for me too because I've gotten to know you guys
 And I think I got to know you long before I knew even what a clickbunnel was but I've always known him as this kind of shy
 Quiet stand in the background hold the baby kind of guy
 You know and then when you see him on stage and when you I watch his incessant videos and you can see I'm reading all of his books
 It's like wow because he accomplishes all of this
 But I mean when I think of Russell, I think of him standing in your doorway holding Nora or you know
 Participating in whatever your family's doing me. He's always around and I just think that's so admirable
 And I think he's right
 I think you do have so much to do with that because you don't care about the flashy cars and the big houses and all the
 Toys and like you just love him and you're family sometimes I'm like, can we please just get a normal vehicle?
 Like I just want a normal vehicle. You want that fat Jeep?
 Kind of it's not gonna die because of all the bells and whistles and anyway
 I give him a hard time
 But he really is a hands-on type of dad and it makes me happy and the funny part is is it when we do go
 Well, let me say this when he's so busy at work and all he wants to do is come home and spend a vacation at home
 I'm ready to go
 Where we've created this beautiful home to be able to
 Enjoy so I have to keep that in mind like okay. Let's give him a couple days at the house. Yes, and then let's go somewhere
 So what has been the biggest blessing for you being married to him?
 I mean, you know an entrepreneur somebody with that goes a million miles a minute and is always constantly thinking of these bigger better
 Awesome things like what what has been the biggest blessing for you?
 I think the biggest blessing is being able to
 Do so many amazing things. I've been able to I mean of course
 I want to say my children my children
 I'm super blessed because my dream is always just to be
 Not just but to be a mom and a stay-at-home mom and be able to do things with my kids
 And I think the other blessings are like I've been able to go to a lot of events such as Tony Robbins or just different
 Relationship things to better myself and grow because sometimes that's really an expensive thing to do
 I just feel super blessed to be able to have these tools in my life
 And I say it all of the time because the people like Russell's inner circle people or the people that come to the the events are
 Amazing and so I feel so blessed to have a part of all of these amazing people's lives
 And then I think the other thing too is my I feel so blessed
 I just could probably pour out a thousand things but we've been able to do a couple of charities different charities
 And it is funny because when the number sometimes Russell will come home and be like oh my gosh
 This is how much we made today. I'm like great. Who can we help today?
 Can we put this money towards so-and-so or I'm already giving I'm giving it away
 And so I just feel so blessed to be able to help really I guess because it does give me a little bit of a comfort
 Yeah, no
 I mean, I think that's amazing and you guys do give back so
 Much and I always tell people too when people find out like I know Russell personally, you know
 They're they're always like oh, I can't even imagine what it would be like to sit down and talk to Russell or have him help you with this
 To then I'm like, you know what the thing about Russell is he probably wouldn't charge anybody anything for anything like he probably he loves
 He gets so passionate and loves this stuff
 And I think he genuinely loves helping people but he does ascribe to this kind of rule that what you pay attention when you pay
 And I think that's true
 But also the money that he is able to make he has so much power to do good with it
 He he give you guys do give so generously to so many organizations that help so many people
 So not only are you helping people to create their dreams by
 Charging them so that they take seriously what they're learning
 But then you guys take that money and you do just these crazy amazing beneficial things with it
 And so I just think that that's so beautiful and you are extremely down to earth
 I mean, it's so funny because if you just stripped everything away and you were to just meet the brunsons
 It's like
 Any other family that lives in like any other town
 Like normal people just totally normal people but but you do do a lot of wonderful things in the world
 So I do love that so I ask all my guests on the show the same question
 If you had the undivided attention of all I think that you would probably speak the entrepreneurial wives
 The wives behind the scenes
 What is the greatest piece of advice you could give them about
 maneuvering through all the ups and downs and just kind of navigating everything that comes with being married to
 An entrepreneur. Oh, gosh. That's such a good question
 I was really pondering this question this morning because I'm like, okay
 How did I get through all of my ups and downs because there is a lot of them first of all prayer
 And a lot of prayer and then you know what I have an amazing village of friends and
 Advice given through life coaches. I mean I listen to a lot of podcasts
 But I just feel like to navigate the ups and downs
 I don't know. I just have an amazing village of girlfriends and I don't speak negatively of my husband
 But when you have it when you are having it down just help encourage positive things
 I really do I just love being able to talk to a certain group of friends every day and
 About our day and we call it meta reporting, right when you meta report your day to others
 But I don't know I just feel like to navigate get through it. Just have good friends
 It's like good support system. Yeah, and I'm not gonna lie
 There's sometimes a lot of tears and there's sometimes a lot of frustration
 But then to learn how to communicate that will and which is not my strong suit
 And so I would definitely say have your village of people that you talk positively about your problems
 It really does make me think pretty darn hard because I have a lot of women come up to me and ask how in the world
 Do you keep or allow is that my word?
 Your husband or your spouse to
 Keep going with this journey and because it is hard and there are a lot of ups and downs
 And it really does make me think every single how in the world have I done it and I really do
 Like I I talked earlier a lot about my blessings and things like that
 I really have been blessed with a good group of women that help navigate certain thoughts and
 I find you good support. So find a good support system and a good support system and just get there at journal
 Journal it because it's really fun to go back and look and see and how you did do it and sometimes it's kind of amazing
 Yeah, how you figure it out
 But then that's a good point too is just to realize that you're not alone that there's people experiencing similar things
 And actually this leads into my next question because you've learned so much through this journey
 Through the opportunity to go through these ups and downs and to learn all of these things and to not be sure sometimes
 And now you have the opportunity your time is freeing up a little bit now
 As your kids are growing up to start a new project that is I know is really exciting for you
 I am so excited you guys were
 Like my biggest supporter as I was starting my podcast both of you Russell's always giving me good constructive criticism
 And he told me actually recently that you came to him and said have you heard Monica's recent podcast?
 They're getting so good and not meant the whole wide world to me. I'm like, oh
 I'm like that just means so much to me that you would notice that you would point that out that you would say that and so anyways
 I am so excited to support you and this project that you are now doing taking all of this knowledge and all of your experience and putting in
 Out there so tell us about this new project you're working on. Okay, so not too long ago
 We had the unlock the secrets event in Colorado and it's happened in august and a good girlfriend of mine
 She actually helps decorate and design our home with all these projects that we like to do and she came to me
 She's head I have this vision to start a podcast in bringing greater connection for women
 And would you like to be a part of it?
 And usually I get really nervous because you know you've asked me a couple times to be part of some of the things
 I'm like not the right time. I'm not ready kids are too small like all the excuses
 So this new project that we're working on it is a podcast and it is sharing her journey
 And it is basically putting stories into words that will show the people who have shared a certain struggle that they are seeing and that they are heard
 Which is exciting because like navigating when you just were asking the question too about the greatest piece of advice
 I feel like women come up to me all of the time and they ask me how in the world do you do this?
 And then it really makes me think something I don't know like it really makes me think so
 I'm really excited for this podcast that will be coming out and it is sharing her journey
 And it's just basically letting women tell their stories and so that people can feel validated in their own stories to generate more openness
 As we share stories
 We can relate to others and people can relate to us as well and we're just real people
 So kind of the same thing that you're doing just an audience more for housewives, moms, sisters, women that struggle with bringing
 I don't know just being togetherness
 Supporting each other supporting each other. I just real stories. So I'm hoping to have people on that will talk
 I hear you and worries and really the thing is is when you're in the thick of raising kids and doing family life
 It can get really really lonely
 And I I think throughout my life
 I've been really lucky to also to have a very strong support system
 But it's just so good to know that there's other people doing what you're doing
 And even if their experience is a little bit different
 That there's always something we can learn from each other and we can always like reach out with a hand of
 Understanding and I love what you guys are doing. So you're doing it with two other women. We're also awesome
 Do you want to talk about them for a second? Sure. Nicole Goggins and kiersten brockner
 Kiersten is who approached us both to see if we would like to do this to do this project with her
 And she basically came to us with this quote that was the inspiration
 But it's a quote about women who were all down
 They're in a village and they're doing laundry together and tell one by one that each get a washing machine
 So slowly they out like it anyways
 It's slowly of depression came about because they weren't talking with each other as frequently
 And so anyways they found that it was the absence in the community that kind of you know
 You just need the community to build relations. I don't know
 So anyways, yeah, I just so kiersten came to us with that and I said heck. Yes
 I'm super excited but nervous to share and get all the critiques and all the things that come with sharing and I don't know
 And then Nicole has been a dear friend of mine for a very long time and I'm excited to do this with them
 Yeah, well you guys are awesome
 I am so excited to follow along where can the listeners find this podcast and follow along in what you guys are doing?
 Okay, so we haven't quite launched yet. We're getting super close
 But you can find us at sharing her journey on instagram and also on facebook
 And I believe we will be having a launch party
 Hopefully in the next couple of weeks of keeping our fingers crossed but yeah, if you're interested check us out on instagram sharing her journey
 And stay tuned for the launch party. You're excited
 Well, thank you so much for coming. This has been so fun to just chat with my friend. Thanks monica
 Hey, this is ruffling in and really quick. I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days
 With 5 000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you who think like you who believe like you have vision like you
 If you would like to do that then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live
 It's coming up very very soon
 If you don't ever take a shot you go to funnel hacking live.com and it gives you the ability to leave your home
 Leave where you're you're trying to to create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe like you
 Who see visions like you of what they can create and what they can become
 Fun lacking life is not just a marketing event. It's not just a personal development event
 It's both of those things wrapped into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So I'll make sure you get your tickets. If you don't have me I go to funnel hacking live.com
 New year tickets. We have sold out five years in a row. We will sell it this year as well
 And after you take it you will be there with five thousand other insane crazy fun funnel hackers
 Talking about a girl their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You gotta go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live.com. Thanks so much and I'll see you in Nash boo
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
