 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to marketing seekers podcast right now. I'm on at Lake Powell
 I have been on the boat the houseboat and jet skis and we did a water board
 So a type of flyboard where you literally feel like Iron Man flying to the sky
 We just got done wake surfing our kids and wake surfing. It's been insane week
 And I'm here with my friend John Jonas. I'll introduce you guys here in a second
 And for me is it was a lot to take a week off
 I had no cellphone access for a week and John hasn't worked in
 Eight years
 He's been saying six weeks off he is
 The person in my life who somehow
 Has figured out systemizes entire life so he can just do whatever he wants and every wants
 And so that's what we're talking about today is
 Systemizing outsourcing and whole bunch of other stuff when we come back from the theme song
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets. How do we mark it in a way?
 But let's us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain
 profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so I'm back here
 We're on top of the houseboat and I'm talking to John Jonas
 So he has no John if not he is the founder of online jobs at pH
 Which actually you want to tell him what it is and tell him how you tell him about you
 Yeah, thanks, man. So
 When I was early on in my business
 I will just realize I needed help and finding help sucked
 It was so hard and everybody talked about outsourcing out sourcing outsourcing and I tried India and it sucked and
 It did entire country. Well, and it's like dude. I got I got I have nothing against the country
 But outsourcing there was really hard and there's some really big cultural reasons why and I won't get into it whatever and then you have
 Like Upwork, which was e-lance and odesk at the time, which is fine
 Except it like the whole system is based around 100% turnover and as a small business owner 100% turnover guaranteed in your business
 That sucks like hiring contract worker. That's so stinking hard
 So when I'm talking to John Brizzy the owner of backcountry.com and he says to me when you really start outsourcing
 So some of this stuff make sure you go to the Philippines with it and I was like huh
 like really and he gave me some reasons why and and
 It had more than just like oh, this is amazing
 It gave me hope that maybe I'd find something different than what I had experienced before because that was the really that was really the thing was like
 there's
 There's so much loss of hope in outsourcing because it's just a babysitting job and people that your assets into suck and they can only
 follow menial they can only do menial tasks and
 So I hired this guy in the Philippines full-time which he gave me a reference to hire someone full-time and I
 Didn't know if I could do it
 I mean I took me two months to hire someone because I didn't know if I could keep someone busy full-time
 I didn't know if I could pay them. I didn't know if I could if they could do good work
 It was the most liberating experience of my life the students full-time job was doing anything I asked them to do and
 Yeah, dude. That was amazing
 Like I taught him how to
 Systematize this whole system that I had completely failed with on Upwork. It was a alliance at the time, but
 Like I hired this guy to write articles and he wrote these articles and send him back to me
 and I was like, yes, I got these articles done. This is it on the elance and
 And then I realized like oh now the burden falls on me to do the rest of the work and that's where most
 Stuff breaks down is when it falls on you to do the rest of the work. So when I had this guy in the Philippines
 I realized oh no he can write the article and then he just works full-time for me
 So I can teach him to do the posting and the headers and the resource boxes and the links
 And I can teach him how SEO works and he can do all the SEO and this is like 2005 right so
 Since then I've realized like oh, yeah, you can hire
 amazing people
 Programmers designers social media people content writers data entry people lead generators whatever it is copywriters
 you can hire really good people and
 In the Philippines like I was paying the company at this is 2005. I was paying them
 $750 a month they're paying him $250 a month
 For full-time work. So today that same person's probably gonna be like
 $450 a month straight from you to them
 Because of what online jobs is you guys created a platform did because prior to so that's the only first time I ever
 Philippines there's a company hired and they I can't rename it agency Valley. Yes agency value
 Yes, and I was so excited because like 700 bucks you get a full-time employee
 Which you know I was paying American wages prior to everyone and I was freaking out and then yeah
 Like you said you find that they're only making 250 300 bucks. So what John built is really cool
 I'm gonna call it a directory. It's more than that
 But it's a it's a it's a place you go you sign up for it and then there's how many Filipinos are listed there
 Yes, there's over a million there's over a million Filipino profiles there
 Yeah, so what what I created was what I wanted for myself
 So after a couple years of like hiring people through this agency
 I just wanted like I went to them and they said well do you want a programmer or does you want a programmer or a webmaster?
 I was like I want a content writer. Well, do you want a programmer or a webmaster?
 Was their response like an agency's generally this is how they are
 You know they're gonna three times mark up the salary and then they're gonna give you the same person
 They're gonna go to online jobs today and try and find the person they do I know they do
 So I created what I wanted which was I just want to recruit some people on my own and I want to hire them
 and I want to pay them directly and
 And there's no markup so there's no salary markup and there's no middleman telling me who I need to hire
 like giving me someone crappy who doesn't know anything which is what agents of value did multiple times and
 so now I can go and find someone find the exact person I want and
 You know like it's it's crazy. I've hired like I hired a programmer who was working for IBM and
 he's so dang good or I
 Found a copywriter actually hired a copywriter who wrote some
 clickfunnels emails and
 Like it's amazing what you can find on online jobs. And the crazy thing about the Philippines
 So this is what I didn't I had no idea at the time
 This is why this guy's advice was so dang good and he obviously knew and I had no idea
 so in the Philippines is there's a culture of honesty and loyalty and hard work and
 Make people happy so like my guys in the Philippines have my credit cards. They have access to my email account
 They have access to my servers
 I have seen we've seen hundreds of thousands of people hire people in the Philippines and have seen very very few people get ripped off
 And almost every time when they do it's because they tried to get the person to do some work and then not pay the person
 And you know obviously yeah, they're gonna try and get paid so and then there's the loyalty thing so like the Philippines
 Their culture is loyal almost to a fault
 So when you hire them they'll never stop working for you unless
 As long as you gain their trust
 So like the first person I hired 2005 still works for me today. Yeah, and he's amazing
 He can do anything when I hired him he knew nothing today. He can do anything I want right so
 The culture makes such a difference of the Philippines versus elsewhere especially for a small business owner
 All right, so I want to tell a story and I'm kind of not embarrassed it made a little bit
 So you and I had a chance to Australia to speak at a malamory's event. Do you remember your that was?
 2012
 dang 2012
 and
 For those who know me and know I wrote a book about the perfect webinar
 It's my like my my things I'm really good at closing people and selling from stage and all kind of stuff, right?
 so John and I fly down to Australia we both speak on stage and
 You destroyed me like it was it wasn't even it was really embarrassing
 I only sold a handful and John sold everybody in the room literally bought his per egg was insane
 But I'm telling you this because there was a story told in there that I'm gonna mess up the details
 But I want you to share the story people number one. They'll get to know you a little bit of it number two
 It's also like I think a lot of you guys have probably heard me or other people talk about sourcing and you're like
 Oh, yeah
 And maybe hire someone here there
 But for you wasn't tells there's something in your life that happened that made it forced you to do it
 And then that ended up giving you the freedom that literally like we've been here this week
 Everyone's stressing out no one's got cell phone access and John's just having the best time ever and he's this is that you have six weeks in a row vacation
 Time is this is what we could we honor now?
 For we for week five week five of six and I'm like one week and I'm like well
 I'm good
 So anyway, I want you to hear about this story because it's it's powerful
 But also I think I'm hoping you guys hear it and realize that like you don't have to wait for something tragic or scary like this to happen
 But if you kind of try to force it in your mind
 You can you can have something that's happened and give yourself freedom earlier. All right, so that said here
 So I've worked about 17 hours a week for the last
 13 14 years, right and here's what happened so
 My wife is seven months pregnant with our third child. This is
 2007 we go into the doctor
 She has he's run some tests and he says to my wife you have preeclampsia
 And if you don't go on strict bed rest for the next three to five weeks
 you're gonna have a seizure and you're gonna lose this baby and
 to me obviously that was I mean I was there with her and it was a shock and
 On my way home from the doctor's office. I was just thinking like I'm working full-time and I have two other kids
 And she has to be on strict bed rest. I'm not not about to lose a baby over money
 So I was thinking what am I gonna do?
 So when I get home I send an email to two of my guys in the Philippines
 I had two guys in the Philippines at the time and I sent an email to them and I just want you to know as I tell you this
 They had been with me for about 18 months. These were not guys. I pulled off the street
 You're not gonna hire someone new and this is gonna work for you. It's gonna take some time
 But I told them hey guys here's my situation. I can't work. Here's why I need you to take over everything
 I'm currently doing in my business and so I
 Everything everything
 for the next three weeks I literally worked one hour and
 That one hour so after that day when I got home I I sent them all the instructions
 I could that one hour was just
 Responding to their questions right and they took over my Google AdWords account
 And they took over my blog and they took over the marketing that I was doing they took over the SEO that I was doing
 They took over customer service. They took over everything I was currently doing right
 Three weeks later my wife has the baby this beautiful little girl Bailey who just turned 14 and
 And for the next two months my wife struggled with postpartum depression and so I just kept not working
 It was a little bit more it was it was one hour a week because she was allowed to get out of bed now
 and
 So I spent three months not working basically and it's kind of expected to have a disaster with my business and came back to find my
 business had grown and
 And I'm not gonna tell you that's because these guys were running the business. That's not the case
 but
 the the point here is that I had had the right help and
 My business didn't crash when I wasn't there right so from there
 This is where like you'll really recognize I hope what the possibilities of outsourcing are so after these three months
 I was like well
 there's only so many times in a day you can take your kids the golf course and
 You get bored right because that's what I was doing like I was taking my kids the golf course twice a day and and
 So I started designing this a business based around like how far can I take this out
 So I think because I had only had these guys doing menial tasks up to that point and now I realized like whoa
 they're way better than I thought they were and
 So like can I build a business based around them doing all the work and me just being the CEO?
 So I started designing this business. I'll tell you what it was it
 we were gonna write reviews about products and post them on our website and then drive traffic to them and
 Put affiliate links on all the reviews right so I record myself talking for 45 minutes
 explaining this whole thing and I bought a domain and I sent the domain and my recording to this guy in the Philippines and
 again, he had been working for me for a while and
 He takes the domain sets it up on my hosting account sets up sets up WordPress and
 Changes the theme according as I've described right and sends it back to me a couple days later
 And it was horrible and I was like oh crap
 so
 Like I went back and and described it better and better and again right and we did this for about a week until
 We got it right like he got this website how I wanted it it was amazing
 So then he wrote the first review and it was terrible and I was like oh
 Yeah, this isn't as out something isn't as good as I thought it was
 Right, that's you fight. Yeah, that's for me. That's right. I'm using like well this I'm done
 I'm just gonna myself I give up use of that point
 Yeah, so that's not what I did right and that's because that's not my personality like I want to see if I can make
 this thing work really right so I
 I worked with him through the review. I was like, okay
 We gotta change this and this and this and we gotta we gotta get more data from here and we gotta do this right
 So we worked for a couple weeks got the review right and I never wrote another review
 Right
 So then I started I mean he had already done some SEO but I started teaching him more SEO and he starts doing SEO and he starts doing
 some social marketing even though social media wasn't really a thing but so we started doing
 Like Craigslist stuff and we started doing RSS feeds and we started doing everything that I everything that I knew to do
 At the time I did everything I knew to implement I did which today all the things you know to implement would be like
 you know build your funnel and
 Start your dream 100 and run Facebook ads to it and start doing some SEO
 Maybe and you know get on a podcast or start a podcast like all these things that you know you should be doing
 I was doing
 Except I wasn't the one doing them right so that business in the first month made me about $200
 Within three months it was making three to five hundred dollars a month within six months
 It was making a thousand dollars a month within a year is making me ten to fifteen thousand dollars a month
 Right and and this dude in the Philippines who again, I told you they're super loyal and super honest. He built the whole thing
 He joined the affiliate programs
 he
 Starts running Google AdWords on it
 I mean because I taught him how to do it. He sends me a report every month. Here's how much money we spent here's how much money
 We made here's what I think I can do to improve the business and make more money, right?
 And that was where I realized like oh, yeah, these aren't just
 Dummies that can only do a menial work. They can only follow exact instructions
 No, like he read between the lines so many times he figured out so much stuff and
 And I don't want you to think that like he built this whole business for me
 And I didn't do anything because I did I was the CEO. I knew what was going on. I knew what had to happen
 But I never touched it. I didn't I don't touch WordPress, right? Like I don't I don't write content now
 So let me ask you so I know that there's people listening right now who are thinking
 Why doesn't I just make his own blog and then just do it himself?
 And then he won't have to he'll make the 10 grand a month for himself and I have to just cut you out of it or do that
 You know like and I thought about as well. I'm curious why specifically Filipinos why that's not an issue for you
 So yeah, because in India, that's the first thing that that's the first question they ask and that's our experience without sourcing is
 Well, what's your business model here?
 Right like I explained to him the business model in the Philippines
 They're not entrepreneurial. They don't want to steal your business. They don't want to steal your idea
 They don't want to do it on their own. That's too risky for them
 They are really job oriented and they want a job. They want a long-term stable
 job that they can take home and reliably take care of their family and
 I've seen that I mean so so many times I have people that work for me since
 2005 and 2006 and 2008 9 10 and they all still work with me
 Awesome. Okay. My last question for you then is I think we had this conversation last year. So John's my Lake Powell buddy
 And it's our third time running house put together fourth time on the lake together. Anyway, last year with this conversation
 I'm not sure if you remember it, but it was inch it was impactful to me because for me I am the
 those who know me I am very
 perfectionist especially comes with my funnels and copy and design and like
 Everything's ever you'd buy me because it's like anyway, I'm super knowing that way
 But our stuff does really well and so I'm always thinking like we have like I have to be perfect for to go live and get shipped out there
 and actually be a live thing and last year so I can you about it and
 Your philosophy is obviously different in mind you were more you know this conversation we had and you were talking about
 Hey, you're like 80% that you 80% is like it's fine the extra percent like do you remember this conversation at all?
 I love to get your just your mindset on that because it's something I think I could use but probably other people as well where
 You doesn't have to be 100% to make money, right? It's got to be close, right?
 And so there are some things where like it needs to be 100% right?
 but
 Most things it's more important to get it done than to get it done perfectly and so for me my philosophy is ship
 Get it out there. So like just before we left
 Like we're driving down here and I checked my project management and saw that they had completed this
 This big long piece of content that we had and I said to them
 I'm not gonna review this but publish it because I'm sure it's good enough like you guys are good and
 Publish it and when I get back maybe I'll review it. Maybe I won't I don't know maybe the task will be gone
 I'll never see it
 But to me just getting it out there and having people see it is
 More likely to tell you the problems with it than then I am to tell the problems by reading it myself
 And creating a bottleneck myself to like oh, let me give you 16 more things that I don't think are perfect even though you guys think it's perfect
 you know, there's three other people that have seen it and and
 I don't think so, but they do which tells me maybe maybe I'm wrong, you know
 I also don't have the so and this is a personality thing like I don't have the design eye that you do
 And I don't care as much right like I want people to see it and I want people to read it and
 ship it
 Get it live like we ship software with bugs all the time
 Because then it's live and then people will instantly tell you. Oh, this is a problem. Okay. We'll fix it sweet
 As opposed to figure out all the problems mistakes are your own. Oh, man
 Well, I hope you guys enjoyed this absolute little different, but I don't normally interview
 I'm gonna know some you like the second person ever be on my podcast besides me so
 But I think it's good for everyone to understand so for those who are
 Are in some part of their business where they're trying to think of like they could use outsourcing more
 Do you want to tell my online jobs works?
 And this is not a paid ad I get nothing from this other than
 It's long as online jobs keeps making money. I'll have a boat buddy yet like pal. Otherwise
 I gotta pay for this whole thing by myself
 So but there's no advertising but let them know how online jobs works because it's different
 It's not like agents of value like we used to use we're hiring a you know
 Paying them and do you walk through how it works from once to get the count and how it decided all up and everything?
 Yeah, so online jobs is kind of like indeed calm, but for the Philippines
 so you go on and you
 Post a job and that's free to post a job and then you get you get depending on your job
 You'll get a few or hundreds of job applicants and if you get hundreds of job applicants, that's a problem, right?
 Like you can't go through hundreds of applicants. That sucks
 but you'll get a bunch of applicants and then
 You can see the applications for free. You can do all that for free. You just can't contact anybody
 You don't get anybody's contact information until you pay and it's it's $69
 For a month and then you get to contact as many people as you want really or you can reply to everybody who sent you a job application if you want
 and
 And then you just interview them like you're gonna use their disc profile Russell talks about disc profiles and and I think it's amazing
 like we almost everybody on there has a disc profile and you're gonna
 Send them emails and ask them tons of questions and here's a little bit of advice
 Don't do a Skype interview right off the bat. That's the first thing everyone wants to do is like get on the phone with them
 And that's the last thing you should be doing when you do interviews with people in the Philippines like they don't want to do it
 So do that
 Last like when you've narrowed it down to three you can give a test task
 You can you know like you're completely on your own every application will come to your email inbox if you want
 It's your Gmail inbox. They'll also be in your online jobs inbox
 But then you interview them and you hire them and you pay them and we don't take a cut of any of that
 If you're interested in more I have
 Very similar to Russell's one funnel away. I have the one VA away challenge
 So like I will walk you through the hiring process of and I guarantee you'll find a great a great person
 If you go through my process at 1 VA away, it's it's my process of how I hire great people
 I never think like I don't know if I'm gonna find someone good this time or not
 I'm gonna find someone good. I know I am because I've done it so many times so 1 VA away calm 1 VA away calm
 Alright, and I'm a product this we were recently so
 Obviously have click funnels that whole business and their support and there's team and everything
 But we started building some of these side businesses and some fun projects
 Working on and all of them have customers coming in now and customer support and all these things and I was like ah
 And so I asked John like hey, what would you do if you're mean?
 He's like do your nitty of course go down the job. So we did send me to the count
 We hired three new Filipinos
 There's slack channel with us and they have access to our help desk or help desk has all these little sub companies
 We're building and they're cross training on all the different products and they're awesome every morning
 They check in on Skype like good morning
 We're here and then they check out at the night like we're done and they have questions asked the slack and then
 they're just cross training all of our products and so we'll just keep adding more products in there and they're supporting all of them and it's amazing and
 We've got three right now. We'll probably hire more as we start growing and stuff like that
 And I'm getting really excited about bringing in more to do more tasks
 I'd like to do funnels you guys are training now on a lot of them are doing funnels a lot of them doing copywriting a lot of
 Doing a lot of other stuff too. So anyway, it's exciting
 So go to all my jobs at pH or 1 VA away and with that said hope you guys enjoyed this episode got your mind thinking about
 outsourcing and the Philippines and a bunch of cool things like that. So
 In fact one time you gave me so I've done this four or five times we built a huge team one time I had
 This guy named Mateo we hired from Philippines and he built a team of like 30 writers for me back when we were doing SEO really hard
 We were cranking on it
 Anyway, so it's it's fun to do and fun to learn and get to know some really cool people
 So anyway, hope it helps you guys appreciate you all and I'll see you guys on the next episode. Bye
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay now the phone over you text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this text and communities
 I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
