 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. So I told you guys a
 Couple episodes ago. I told you about one of my new favorite books
 Which is out waiting the devil by Napoleon Hill and told you a little bit about the book and why you should read it
 And I told you I was doing a podcast interview with Josh 40
 We're using it asked me a bunch of questions about the book and we did that and it was really really fun
 And so I'm gonna actually I want to stream that interview to you guys
 over the next three episodes here on the podcast and
 It's kind of fun that the interview went way different than I thought it was gonna go
 And so I think you're gonna enjoy it the first part we talked to that about
 The book and the story behind it and kind of breaking down the doodle and the explanation and and the difference between faith and fear
 So the basic stuff the second episode we start talking about
 Like my biggest takeaway from the book and why personal development's important and then
 Josh started asking questions about time in my life when I
 Use faith over fear and stuff like that and the story came out most people probably haven't heard this
 about click-finance crashing and
 A bunch of other stuff and so that episode two is gonna be really fun for you as I'm excited and episode number three is about
 My next book so
 That was what the interview was fun about it was really fun
 It was a little over an hour long and so we decided to break up into three episodes for you guys
 And so that's kind of game plan. So this is episode one
 The out waiting the devil interview with Josh 40 one of three
 So when the theme song comes back we'll cue that up and chance listen the first one
 Make sure you listen all three episodes over the next week or so because I think you're gonna enjoy it
 That's the second ones anyway the first one's really cool because you understand why I'm so excited about this book the biggest takeaways
 But then some practical application episode two and then episode three was talk about the new book
 Why what we're talking about much other cool stuff?
 So I'm excited without said we'll keep the theme song and come back
 We'll jump into the first part of my interview with Josh 40
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up everybody we're back
 We're back four months we're back we're back we're back guys what is up welcome back to another episode of thing different there
 I'm gonna claim this one as episode of things different there. I'll see you on the marketing secrets podcast
 We'll use it for both. We'll use it for that's perfect to do a dual episode guys. We are back
 We're supposed to do this last week, but but Russell's instances. Just allow it
 Yeah, Russell's in a bad mood, so we have to do this but guys welcome back today
 I'm really really excited because we are discussing
 One of my new favorite books one of your new favorite books out winning the devil
 Which you recommended to everybody the whole world what like three months ago four months ago something that yeah
 I'm just I'm shocked and people have read it if you haven't yet go buy it on Amazon
 There's two versions. I gotta share this real quick. He'll share that while I tell you guys about this
 Perfect there's two versions of it. This one's got sharing lectures notes. This one doesn't I get one sharing lectures notes and
 Oh, I'm talking to camera here. Hey, what's up camera?
 And also you give the audio book. It's awesome because an audio book you'd actually hear the two voices and one voice is the devil
 Once the point he'll and it's amazing. I tell a story about the books. Well, okay, so I want to do that
 I actually want to do this because
 Taiwan and open this up is like I want to take it back like kind of take a step back because like
 You've built click funnels
 and now I feel like you've gone in kind of this new stage
 You start reading a bunch of books and then you like geek out an Atlas truck and then you like you got the next thing now
 We're at this book so like back us up when and where like how did you find this book?
 Where did it come about and then let's dive into it because I feel like context is important. Yeah, so
 Man a lot of things so obviously those who've read in my books. I feel like I'm done
 Like I wrote all the marketing books like I'm out of secrets. That's it trilogy's done
 Work is finished. It's over guys. We're done with Russell forever
 But I was like but then for me, it's like I
 Don't know I think in any any area of life
 There's a point where you like you get mastery and it's like it's harder and harder to find the new things
 So like there's always incremental things
 But like there's not like a whole bunch of new stuff. I'm like can discover like oh my gosh like oh freak out
 Something about marketing you've never seen before. Yeah, so it's harder and so for me
 It's like I'm a learner. I'm always pursuing education ideas and like things and and so I started just kind of regeeking out on personal development stuff
 Yeah
 just
 Because I miss it. I'm trying to think about things in my life
 And so I was going through a bunch of different things and rereading a bunch of books are back
 You know a decade ago like thinking Grow Rich, which by the way, that's that's kind of
 This is the first edition printing of thinking Grow Rich Josh knows I'm kind of a geek with old books
 You guys will see why more about 18 months from now doing some cool things
 But but this first edition think Grow Rich figure rich was written by Napoleon Hill in
 1937 it's like the most
 Outside of the Bible. It's like the highest personal. Yeah, I'm one. Yeah, and it's really really good
 And so I was reading that again and then people could tell me about this other book and there's a lot of books
 This is like right here. This is like or it's just a lot of success
 But right now I'm trying to acquire a first edition laws of success, which is I was telling you it's insane crazy expensive
 But Russell's over here like geeking out on all the books a little books actually side note on that guys the very first time
 So this is back at the first or second offer
 I can't remember mind lab mind the big one offer mind
 You spoke at it and you were coming off stage and I walked out was you and Dave now like right up to you
 You're getting on the elevator. Do you remember this? Yes? I do and I was like Russell
 And I didn't know you like Harley at all this time like we kind of knew like we knew babe basically like we had some interactions
 I was like trying to dream 100 you what what's a good gift and you're like
 Old books ding the elevator door shots like you're on the elevator. I'm off the elevator
 I was like all right. That's all I have to go on and you say some amazing old books. Yeah, very very cool. Yeah
 Yeah, and so I just again
 I'm kind of going back through and I'm relearning from Tony again
 If other people and stuff like that then this book keeps coming up and for some reason the title didn't grab me
 I was like I wouldn't the devil it sounds stupid
 I like I didn't want to read it like I didn't
 In every across the mind is like a book. I was gonna read it's not something that I would really care about and then one day
 I download I'm on audible I download almost all the books I buy physical copy hundred percent
 I do it on the existing case and
 I'm almost kind of people that I when I'm in a mood for something. That's why when I travel it drives my wife crazy
 I'll bring it back back with like 40 books
 I'm gonna be it and she's like why you just bring a Kindle I'm like cuz I like paper and I want to be able to hold it and see
 What the bookmarks that yeah, yeah, and send me to an audible if I just download all of an audible just in case and so one day
 I was working out I was trying anyway. That's the longer story, but I was trying to buy success calm at the time
 I ended up falling through I didn't get it, but
 Napoleon Hill was actually one of the original
 He he wrote for success in 1918 fact. Well, this is kind of cool. This is this is Napoleon Hills
 He started a magazine. He actually talks about it in outwind the devil. So he started magazine called Hills Golden World
 This is one the original. This is this one's from 1919
 But anyway, he was also an author in the original success magazines back in 1800
 I bought a whole I have a bunch of copies actually 1800s in the point Hill articles in
 Success that's so cool. Oh my gosh
 So I was really I just got some of these things and then one morning I was working out and I was looking my playlist and
 Outwind devil popped up and for some reason I was like alright
 So I clicked it and I start talking about this magazine or talking about Hills Golden World talk about success magazine
 Which I was trying to acquire the time and all these things I was just like oh my gosh
 And so the very beginning he tells the story he's kind of telling story
 I don't know what I was gonna go
 He's telling the story about his life and then all sent transitions to this conversation is having with the devil and as you know
 You read it. It's so it's just like I started getting home like
 Oh my gosh, like why didn't nobody tell me about this before this is
 In put in perspective. I've read a lot of personal books. I love thinking garage
 This is so much better than thinking it is I agree with that and do you want me tell a story behind you?
 You want to tell her what's then for behind is where how like what the book is where it came from?
 There's a amazing I think I just want to pass over to you because I have questions about it
 So I want to kind of hear things from your perspective here on this things
 I think a lot of people do as well
 It's funny though because when you put this on like I
 Gosh, I kind of picked up reading like halfway through last year
 Like I made a public declaration when I graduated from high school. I literally I bought a pickup truck
 I don't read anymore to it and I put down the tailgate
 I got it there I stood up I held my arms there and I literally yelled audibly out loud
 I will never read another book ever again outside of the Bible like literally I was so done with reading my mom
 It is all this reading in high school, right? I'm so done and thankfully that's not good. It reminds me of I got done wrestling
 My senior year in college and I was my last match. I publicly said I will never run again and I gained 60 pounds
 Now I run and now you run. Yeah, we had a similar experience
 Yeah, I'll never do that again
 But like six months or so like six months into last year
 I start like picking up reading more or whatever and like actually I've been averaging three books a month this year
 Which is freaking awesome, but I'm in the middle like I'm halfway through
 I can't remember what book it was I see on your Instagram story and you're like everybody read this book
 Oh, yeah, right every chapter is like oh my gosh, right?
 So I immediately go and you know buy it and as soon as I finish the next book
 I like read the whole thing and I think I read it in like two settings right like the whole thing
 I was like, oh gosh, this is so good. So I do I want you to kind of break it down for those for those people out there that
 Don't know what it is. It is a story of of Napoleon Hill
 interviewing the devil essentially
 so
 I have a lot of questions just after you kind of explain the context of it all
 But why don't you just kind of give people some context around what guys and then by the way
 I spent the last little like trying to take the entire book and put it into a framework like I do
 So that's what yeah back here
 We'll talk about this and some of the things here to hopefully become a service of framework for you guys
 And if you decide to read like here's some stuff to help but okay, so there's the story
 So the door rich was published in 1937
 The next year and if you've read thinking or rich there's there's times in here where he's like having conversations people have passed away
 Like he's you know people died. He's like thinking about him and like having these these
 You know in his head these conversations that they come into the books was pretty cool
 So in 1937 1938 he writes the manuscript for
 throughout winning the devil
 and
 So it's a year later and the premise of this is
 Is literal he talks about the beginning it's like I don't know if this is a literal interview or if this was a
 You know just something in my head, but this is the conversation I had with the devil
 Yeah, and it's more it's less of like just like an interview
 But more like he's put the devil on trial like I'm he's on trial
 He's like you have to answer my questions. These are my questions and and the during this time the devil
 I can't remember how we explained in the book
 But like the devil is forced to have to tell the truth 100% of the time
 So any question that he asked him he can't lie he has to be able to tell the truth and
 That's one of the questions in there is he even says like it doesn't matter if you're religious or not
 It doesn't matter if you think like whether you think it's a metaphor or whether you think he actually sat down and interviewed the devil
 Whether you know matter what it was like the principle still rain true
 Which is why I love the book and like he basically like takes that element out of it
 He's like don't let that believe get in your way like still read the book
 So yeah, and 1938 is when he wrote the book, but didn't get published in 1930. Yeah, so imagine
 So imagine this is one of the cool stories ever
 So 938 he writes the book and in the book he actually talks about the the devil's like if you ever publish this
 It'll destroy your life destroy your family to destroy everything because all the people fighting against us
 We're gonna destroy you and so he finished this book a year after thinking or rich has a manuscript and he's so scared
 He never actually publishes it so he ends up dying. I think in 78. I believe he passes away his wife second person gets
 To manage to read it and she's like I'm not publishing this. Yeah, she refuses to publish it later
 She passes away the point Hill Foundation gets the book gets the man who they read it and like oh my gosh
 This is like probably the best things ever written and then they actually contacted
 This is cool. I talked to Sharon lecternight last week. So so I called Sharon lecternier. She's right here says no
 Well, that's all I shared lectern so she was probably the fourth person ever read the manuscript
 They said to her like we think we should do with this
 So she says she got it and she sat down and she's reading it
 And she's like this is one of the greatest things ever published if you don't know Sharon lectern
 She was the one who helped with all the rich dad poor dad books
 She was the CEO of the company for a long time
 She like helped build the biggest financial education company on the planet and now she's coming over here to this mission
 And she takes his book and she's the one who takes it gets the man
 She got ready for print inside of here's got her notes, which is kind of cool year her notes taking it from it was
 It was post back in like the last big crash with a tooth. Oh, yeah
 So she's like sharing things here and how they relate back then which is kind of cool
 But anyway, so she published and it's in the audiobook as well
 Like she kind of goes during comments
 There's the devil's voice and then there's no point Hill's voice and there's her like kind of commenting
 Which is actually kind of cool through yeah?
 Yeah, it's kind of cool to make it to make it natural or make it kind of tied to the time
 Yeah, but I think even nowadays, you know decade later, whatever it's even more
 Well, and that's what's crazy is you read the book and if you didn't know that it was public or like that
 It was written back in 1938. You'd be like oh, he's totally talking about right now
 Yeah, like you have no clue, you know
 You're funny cuz I'm of the references he's talking about Hitler and Mussolini
 I was people like okay
 Well the dictators nowadays are different but that was who you know right the things that are happening yeah right then at time
 Yeah, yeah, and just like the craziness of like fear and economic turmoil and you know depression
 I'm like huh sounds like we're right now. So anyway, so that's the cool story about just like this book
 that there's many could have been lost for for generations from literally the best person of all my author of
 Our time yeah and to bring it back like I can I just visualize myself a share like to read in that original
 Can you imagine like reading the manuscript and just be like like be the first part of the third or fourth person to ever read it
 So insanely cool. So anyway, that's kind of the backstory and you get into it and it's it's fascinating
 So that's obsessed right behind the book. Yeah, I guess after real cool is that yeah
 It's super super cool and like cool kind of like what I'd love to do is I want to I want you to go through because I think this is important
 Like for the sake of time
 I mean we could probably talk for four or five or six hours on this book right before the sake of time the time constraints
 I think this summarizes the book super well. Yeah, and so I'd love to like go through the book. I'd love to like
 Like see
 Your interpretation of the frameworks and kind of explain it and then like it's funny because how whenever I go through personal development books
 Like you see everything to them world of like funnels and marketing and you know things like that
 Like I cannot read a personal development look without like looking at whether or not the fundamental principles
 Principles of it are like true or like what they align with right?
 So they align with Christianity or atheism or like what not so I have questions about because like I'm a huge fan of the book
 You're a huge fan of the book
 Right, but like there's some certain things in here that he talks about that I have like questions that I'd love to know your opinion on
 So I think if we go through and kind of like talk through the overall context of the book here
 And then kind of pivot towards that towards the end
 I think I'll some one thing to just kind of address that before we get too deep into it because I don't a lot of people have
 This fear of reading anything of like what if I don't believe that like well
 I'm not this bleep there for I can't and I'm like I'm such a big believer in this truth and in most things
 I think it's truth and all things and I can read something and be like oh my gosh like
 97% this yeah, I believe spot on 3%
 I don't really agree with but I can still appreciate the 97% and like love it and enjoy and be grateful for it
 In fact, I can say my personal relationships
 I can talk to somebody I don't agree 100% with and I still like them afterwards
 Which is something I think our world needs when I do better, but yeah, even even if you lose Bitcoin bets. Hey now
 I can't stand right now anyway, okay, so the way my mind works
 I read so I read the book first time I was just like in this whirlwind of like oh my gosh
 There's there's so many things and I find I relistening today as I was working out trying to like there
 like this this
 This is like a framework
 But there's so many levels and layers and things go deeper and deeper and deeper so
 The first time I was just like kind of overwhelmed because there's so much good stuff and the second time I was going through
 I was like, okay
 If I was trying to do the list to explain it something like how like what's the overarching?
 What's the premise of the brain work that yeah, that's just kind of the way I
 Already in my books, you know, that's how my brain works
 I read like 30 books and from there I'm like, okay, this is what I think they're saying
 So this is kind of the premise
 I'll walk up to the board and kind of show you guys this but the basic the basic concept is all of us me
 You like anybody right we have a decision comes to us and we've got two choices every single time and that's kind of where this whole
 Things start from so should I go over there? Yeah, yeah, I take my mic to
 Okay, I'm taking my so I know you guys can't see this perfectly and there's gonna be the words are all small
 So I'll kind of talk through it and hopefully that'll that'll work
 So here's here's me or you and this is us and we have decisions come to us they come to us in my audio right here
 Can you hear it cool?
 So we have decision all the time so the biggest thing is like something comes to us
 We can make decisions based on one or two things right we're the making decision based on faith or based on fear
 Like that's it like those are the two things and obviously especially in the last year we've noticed I
 Think that this has been amplified like where did most of us make our decisions?
 I think the way you'll find is the people traditionally make their their decisions one way there either
 They make all their decisions towards fear all of them towards faith
 And so I'm just thinking about personally yourself this right start thinking about like when I'm making decisions
 Am I doing them through fear or through faith and I feel like people not 100%
 I think you tend to favor one of these and it's important because when you start understanding Satan like how how the devil is using
 His tools it starts helping you think like I gotta start making my decisions differently or else
 I'm doing what he wants. So I'm gonna start on the fear side
 So his initial goal is to get people to make decisions based on fear if he can get that you become what he calls a drifter
 So drifter somebody's drifting through life. Yeah
 I think I think one of the things I want to just cover here really quick is kind of the premise of
 How this like even like before we dive into this like how this came about because like in the book basically Napoleon Hill asks the devil
 He's like hey listen
 I want to understand what you as the devil are doing to try to control people because in the book one of the things that he claims
 And I guess you have it up here the 98% is that the devil controls 98% of people on the earth by getting them to do drifting
 Which we'll talk about here in a second
 right and so the the pole premise of this book is basically
 Napoleon Hill is interviewing the devil and getting the devil to explain how the laws of the universe work and
 Basically how the devil is using those laws of the universe to pull people towards him
 And then he also draws contests of contrasts of that of how God uses them to draw people towards God
 And so it's like basically understanding like the laws of success the laws of the universe how they work
 And it's what is it the the secrets of freedom and success?
 So like if you understand he's asking questions with the specific intention of trying to figure out how the world works
 How the devil is using those and then how we can use those things to ultimately have success if we can figure out how they work
 Is that good? Yeah, thank you for adding that that was that was awesome pre-frame and I think that
 That works when you understand that's like that is this that's the war where in every single day, right?
 It's like the I mean it's every movie right and wrong good and evil right?
 That's the that's the fight right and so and so the devil here show that this is my play
 But this is how I get people to come to my side and so his side calls them directors
 Dricters people who are drifting through life. They're not ambitious to do anything
 There's kind of like there and when you're drifter
 He he controls you and he said 98% of the population he controls by getting them to drift and the first thing does that is by initially
 Decision comes to act in faith or acting fear if you had to fear you are moving down towards being a drifter
 Okay now he starts going through like what are the most effective like so good so many good things
 But so he said how does it get people to act towards fear? So he's like these these are my six tools
 I have six tools
 I'm good at a yellow outer can these are the six tools most effective tools
 I use I have to get people to act towards fear
 So the first one is poverty if you get in the fear poverty day
 Oh, I if I do this thing
 I mean I could be poor then I'm gonna be fearful instead of having faith in like I don't care if I'm poor
 I'm gonna go for it right so he gets people that fear through poverty through criticism
 How many guys have you had a decision to make and you have fear like oh what if you'll criticize me?
 That's one of his tools right it'll help
 I don't know if I can do that because I'm not healthy enough loss of love old age and death
 So those are the six most effective fears that the devil uses to get you to take fear over fate
 And he said of those six the two most powerful at poverty and death to you to be scared if I'm gonna lose all my money
 I'm gonna be broke or oh if I do I might die or you know
 I might not hit you know those things those are just two most powerful tools
 So that was really fascinating for me
 I look to that because I have so many times in my life when I have decisions I am scared of criticism
 I'm scared of loss of love or like whatever those things might be right on
 entrepreneurship how many times you try to gamble everything if you're scared of poverty
 Right then it's like ah in fact I have entrepreneurs all the time
 This is like a conversation I have
 Way more often than you think where they're coming to me and they're like they build the business with a certain point and they're stuck
 And they're and they're and they're so scared and the thing that I always have to come back to them
 I was like what's like what's the worst case scenario because they're gonna spot when they're so fearful
 They can't act and they can't make decisions
 They can't do anything and they just like are frozen and they start shrinking like there you see them going from like people who are
 who have
 Like the presidents to be able to take action do things like these people who are stuck and frozen and literally my conversation
 I have over and over and over again
 It's like what's the worst case scenario because if you're not okay with the worst case scenario with poverty with death
 These things are okay with those there's no way you're gonna have faith to move forward
 They give to break yourself of the worst case scenario and so I see this in my own life
 I see in so many entrepreneurs like coach like I see this as the cycle for them getting a fear
 So why you everyone take a personal reflection like which one these the ones are you most afraid of like is it poverty?
 Criticism ill health loss of love old age or death and I'm just gonna stand up here
 I think it'll be easier and one of the things that that he's so what he's trying to do is he's trying to use one of these
 Six things to get you to become a drifter. Oh, we just move the screen like that's like that's the key thing
 And I've looked at this camera here. Okay, that's like the key thing that he's trying to get you to do is the devil wants you to become a drifter
 Because if the opposite of being drifting is in it's kind of like the characteristics of a non drifter over here
 You have definitive purpose you have mastery of herself. You have learning from adversity controlling the controlling environment influence
 Time positive thoughts over time and then thinking through plans before you act on them
 So if like if you have those things like that's the opposite of being a drifter if you can get you a drift
 Then you don't have to fit into purpose
 Then you're not actually going after anything
 Then you're not gonna be able to have control over it and like then he has control over you and like that's the comparison
 That he keeps drawing in the book, right?
 It's like if I have like if he can get you to drift then then he has control over you
 But if you're not a drifter then guess what then he he doesn't have power over you
 And then you're ultimately gonna have success and freedom in life
 And so like these are the things that he lays out in the book and it's like okay
 Look if you choose to be a free thinker if you choose to be someone who is like this is what we're all about like has control over your mind
 You're gonna come into this spiritual mental and physical freedom category versus the drift your category. Yeah, yeah
 and
 Yeah, I think what like I almost called this column here definitive purpose because it's so in fact
 Do you think girl rich?
 She talks his whole chapter out definitive purpose like who do people who say this is the thing I want?
 I'm gonna go through it. I'm gonna defend your purpose like no matter what happens matter what
 Tropskall's trials. I'm gonna go give the thing that's definitive purpose, right?
 Again, that's a big premise of thinking or rich and here he comes back to it and I also again
 I was made the title this but it's not I think it's better it does
 But it's not it's not an opposite where this is freedom versus drifting is the opposites
 And this is what actually says in the book so like the first week
 We just some if we just summarized it as one word drifter's versus freedom. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yes first known physical freedom
 So it's like yeah cuz it's freedom of mind like this whole thing is he's trying to control the mind if you control your mind
 You would yeah, and so yes, but a defender of purpose like that's the that's the number one characteristic the non-drifter is definitive purpose
 Right, it's like you're coming here. I'm gonna act and you're like, oh, I got fear. I got fear
 What if what I'm critical if they criticize me on you don't do your act we hear you're like
 I've been a fitness purpose. This is my mission. This is the goal
 I don't care what happens I'm gonna go for it and you just go for it and that's where you're acting in faith
 I got another path. I don't know where I'm going
 But I believe in my skill set I believe in my mission
 I believe my calling I'm gonna go and you start moving and eventually you show up in the end up over here
 Yeah, so anyway, these other ones are all amazing. We can go deeper, but yeah, we can go deeper
 And I think we can hold this this is the same thing. Okay, so we can hold up in there and that way we can get kind of back to
 Poor poor a brand is over there brand is over there like really my mind. Yeah, so
 What one of the things I wanted to dive deep down in on this is specifically on here
 You have this thing called hypnotic rhythm and like if I were to do this like as an overview
 It's basically like there's a human and then there's the devil and then there's God like this is basically how he describes in the book
 Right, there's the devil and there's God and there's the human and the human has is going through life
 And there's the devil pulling for him and there's God pulling for him, right?
 And then that person has the choice it's like the two angels wouldn't devil or in your yeah pretty much right?
 And then you have the choice to either choose faith or choose fear
 Which is why like one of the things that I've been so adamantly kind of fighting right now is like don't live in fear
 Like why why is anybody fearful of anything and like I know that's easy for me to say because I'm not afraid of death
 Right and that's literally one of the the top things that he uses to control the mind
 Right and you look around the world today and everyone's so afraid of dying or like who cares like whatever like I know
 I'm going when I die, but like that's one of the things that I've been fighting so dip
 But you know so so strongly so it's like I fear and I become a drifter and I have or I have faith
 And I become someone with definitive purpose and I have freedom ultimately in my life
 But there's this thing underneath that is like kind of the core crux of what ultimately keeps us there
 And it's like I actually have notes on it
 But it's this thing called hypnotic rhythm
 It was interesting because he talks about hypnotic rhythm after talks about drifters
 He's like he's like my goal is to get in hypnotic rhythm
 He says if you go from from from routines to habits
 You have this come habitual and the their habitual they become hypnotic rhythm where you're stuck in this this cycle
 He says that how you control the drifters. He's like that's how the universe controls everything
 Yeah positive ending. That's why if you look at the the bottom here
 It's got the little world pull at the bottom for him not rid of them
 It's it's the same thing so if you have good habits and you're doing things you could spot where eventually
 It's it's a pattern that you're just stuck in and it's easier to stay in the two percent if you're in the 90%
 It's easier to stay there to you like hypnotic rhythm serves all things
 And that's and that's the thing I think is so interesting about it is the way that he explains it is like the hypnotic rhythm is the thing
 That keeps the world in harmony, right?
 And one of the quotes out of the book that I wrote down is nature
 Which in this particular case is talking about nature in the form of hypnotic rhythm
 Nature is not interested in morals as such. She is not interested in right or wrong
 She is not interested in justice or injustice
 She's interested only enforcing everything to express action according to its nature, right?
 So when you go into hypnotic rhythm either positively or negative or negatively like you get into the rhythm of nature
 Right and like nature is interested in if you look at it purely from an objective standpoint
 It's saying that he's saying that like nature is only interested in making the thing the object in this case
 You do what it's been designed to do
 So if you're choosing to be in hypnotic rhythm in the spiritual freedom side of things like nature is gonna keep you in that
 And that's why like it's almost like rewiring your whole brain your whole life for success
 It's like why successful people continue to have success and that's why non-successful people do not have success
 And I think like understanding that and understanding that like hypnotic rhythm is like it's like I almost like to think of it
 It's like the subconscious mind right like it's the subject like once you're a subconscious mind goes into this
 Hypnotic rhythm to just do the same thing over and over and over again
 It's very very difficult to escape that yeah, and you see it happen in your life all time
 Like there's times in my life when I was wrestling where it's like I had so many routines
 So many things that that structure in my life were just it happens on autopilot like cuz it was just that was
 What I did right and so it was perfect. I didn't have to like every day figure out like how many successful how am I gonna have to
 Find a purpose like it was like it become part of me right yeah, and something in business or other parts
 I think that it's true like we get these these patterns these ruts these things wherever it is either positively or negatively
 That's the ignore rhythm where that's the goal is to get in those but in the positive side not the negative side
 You see it's a downward spiral. Yeah, right?
 Either a or seem an upper little spiral positively or downward spiral negatively
 But if you get in a hypnotic rhythm, that's the thing that keeps you in that spot. Yeah, does that make sense? Yeah
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message okay now the phone over your text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797
 When you text me just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone
 And then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting communities
 I'm gonna be giving out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797 I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
