 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the third and final episode
 from the Outwitting the Devil interview with Josh Forti.
 Hopefully you enjoyed the first two episodes.
 If you missed any of them, go back and listen to episode one,
 two, and this is part three of three.
 And this one, Josh started asking me questions
 about my new book and why I'm geeking out on,
 why I was so excited about winning the devil,
 but how I'm using this, why I'm writing my fourth book
 and a bunch of other really cool things.
 So I hope you enjoy it.
 And if you've enjoyed this interview series,
 please let me know, let Josh know.
 The best way to do that is take a picture
 of any of these on your phone, post them on your social media,
 tag me and him and let us know what you thought
 about the episodes.
 Thanks again, you guys.
 I appreciate you all for listening.
 With that said, let's queue up the exciting conclusion
 of the Josh Forti, Russell Brunson,
 Outwitting the Devil podcast interview.
 - So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, I do want to do this because we're talking
 about all these amazing books.
 And I don't know, this is probably like two, three weeks ago.
 Maybe there's a little bit longer of that.
 You start hinting on Instagram about this book.
 And I'm like, oh my gosh, another book,
 what can it possibly be?
 And then last week I'm out here and you start telling me
 about it and like what it is.
 - Show you the deal.
 - It's not a marketing book.
 It's the next piece and it's your first ever,
 and I don't want to spoil it for them.
 I'm gonna say it's like your first ever take
 at personal development.
 Like talk to us about this book,
 when is it coming out?
 Like how did this come about?
 And like the details of that
 'cause I'm super, super excited for it.
 - Yeah, I think it's my first, I think it's my only,
 hopefully, but I said about--
 - I don't believe that at all.
 There's gonna be a trilogy for,
 Russell you're gonna be writing books too.
 - Right, right. - You're so painful.
 But this one, again, it's me coming back.
 Like we launched traffic secrets,
 the world goes chaotic and I have more time, you know,
 and I'm trying to just--
 - Which by the way, how perfect time,
 I mean my heart was completely broken
 when you had to cancel the traffic secrets event
 'cause I was supposed to speak to the opposition.
 - Yeah.
 - But how perfect of a timing was traffic secrets?
 - There are pros and cons of it.
 It was really good from a selling book standpoint.
 It was really hard for making New York Times bestseller list.
 - Yeah.
 - 'Cause we actually hit, which is,
 I'm still freaking out about,
 it's tough because Amazon wasn't shipping books.
 Things weren't shipping, all sorts of chaos.
 Like they said books weren't essential
 and so it was hard to hit lists
 because you'd sell 10,000 copies of a book in a week
 but Amazon was waiting two, three, four weeks to ship them
 because it wasn't, and so like,
 they went, the way that the lists work is like,
 how many did you sell in retail outlets?
 How many did you sell on USA Today?
 They're like, they're all the things, right?
 And so like when you have the big push,
 but then some books aren't being counted
 for like four or five weeks later
 'cause Amazon doesn't consider them essential.
 They're not sure if they can let it.
 It's like, what normally takes 10,000 books
 or something to hit a bestseller list,
 we had over 100,000 to be able to do it.
 Like it was way harder, way more stressful,
 but we got it but it was like, anyway,
 but it was easier to sell 'cause I had more time.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah, so there's a lot of, anyway,
 a lot of pros in that.
 Plus it was crazy 'cause like, in the beginning of the book,
 I talked about, there's a storm coming
 and then literally it was like,
 we're in the middle of the world.
 (laughing)
 You should just go right now.
 - Literally right now.
 - But anyway, so I was in the season where,
 I think I'm similar to you and I think a lot of people
 in our community where it's just like,
 my mind's always spinning and I can't stop.
 - Yeah, I cannot shut it off.
 - It's like, there's gotta be something
 I gotta be thinking about and again,
 it was harder for me to find stuff for me
 to like geek out on inside a marketing business.
 Like it was just hard to find the next,
 I don't know, every time every level you get to
 is harder to find the next level, right?
 - Yeah.
 - Like I'm sure there's time when Michael Jordan's like,
 I can't find people to push me anymore.
 Like where do you go, you know?
 And it's just like,
 - Yeah, like Tom Brady and NFL
 just completely dominating every 10 that's out there.
 Yeah, that's right.
 (laughing)
 - Anyway, so not that I'm that level, right?
 - Right, right, right.
 - For me, it gets harder and harder to find things
 and I have to dig so hard to like find like the gold, right?
 And so I started just looking again at some of these things,
 right?
 And like that's when I find like,
 I just, I'm on this book and it's just like,
 every page is gold and it's like,
 I'm lit up again, I'm on fire and I'm just like,
 but then for me, it's like, again,
 I talked about this earlier, like for me,
 like one of my highest values is ROI,
 like what's my return on my investment?
 And so I'm learning these things,
 I'm growing myself personally,
 but I'm feeling empty because I'm not sharing them.
 It's like, what's the platform?
 That's what I'm like, everyone go read this,
 I need to have this conversation with somebody,
 like, it's like having, you know, Dave reading it,
 like everyone I can get to read,
 I'm trying to get to read so I can have conversations.
 Then when you're like,
 "Hey, do you wanna talk about our podcast?"
 Like, "Yes, like, let me spew forth some of this stuff
 'cause like it's in me and I can't,
 if I can't contribute, it seems like I'm wasting it."
 And so there was this, there was other things.
 And I started looking more and more like,
 you know, and right now I've got five kids,
 I've got three of my kids are teenagers now and man,
 teenagers have been way harder
 than I ever thought or expected.
 But I mean, it's weird, kids are really fulfilling,
 but man, teenagers have been just different for me.
 And like, I'm feeling like I have to grow to understand myself,
 but I would also understand them.
 And like, and when I envisioned my kids,
 the teenagers are gonna be what it is,
 it's been so much different.
 I think for me, like at times it got me like depression
 and like sadness and these things,
 I was like, "I couldn't be like depressed
 "at this time in my kids life.
 "This is like the greatest time I could be with them,
 "but I gotta shift my mind."
 So it was me trying to like do some work on myself,
 to like fix myself, not fix myself,
 but to get myself in the spot where I could enjoy the season,
 then number two is how like,
 how do I serve them now at this point?
 - Yeah.
 - 'Cause I thought, I thought, I envisioned that
 where I was gonna serve my kids was the way my dad did,
 right, where I was like,
 "You drove me to wrestling practice
 "and we like travel the world,
 "we worked out super hard 'cause that's what I needed."
 Right, and I assume that that's what my kids are gonna need
 and it's not, like that's not what they want.
 They want like almost the opposite of those things.
 I'm like, "But I have these gifts and these skills
 "I can give you." Right, like I don't want them.
 They're like, "I can open start a business."
 Like we don't care.
 (laughs)
 I'm like, "I'm gonna make money because they've always had it."
 You know, it's like all these things are like,
 every gift that I have that's like,
 all my unique abilities, I wanna give my kids,
 and I wanna, so I'm like, "Okay."
 And I'm learning this thing like,
 "Well, instead of me trying to give my kids these things,
 "I think that we're so valuable to me."
 It's like, I just sit back and understand like,
 "What's actually valuable to them?"
 Which is so much harder.
 And I'm learning this process.
 And so like, as I'm going through this lens
 of trying to learn these things,
 understand them and trying to figure them out for myself,
 and I'm like, "What's the biggest thing about this book?"
 First off for myself, like when you write books,
 if anyone who's done it, like there's this weird thing
 as you start reading, you start seeing connections,
 you don't see any other spot.
 I feel like God opens up insights to you.
 They're just magical.
 Like I remember--
 - When you start writing?
 - Yeah, 100%.
 - Yeah, you have to deepen a topic.
 You have to study all these things to figure things out.
 And like, I remember the first time I really understood this
 is after I finished traffic secrets,
 I wanted to rewrite, I wanted to read at a dot com
 and an expert secret, so I published a trilogy.
 So I went back and I remember reading those books,
 and I was like, "Where did this stuff come from?"
 (laughing)
 I said, "This is a good crap."
 Like I don't remember saying this or thinking like,
 "Where did this?"
 I couldn't remember.
 - Interesting.
 - And I was like, "It's the weird thing going back
 "and finding things just like that was,
 "somehow that was given to me,
 "because that's not something that I just intuitively knew."
 And I feel like for me, I want to start with the book journey
 because it's like, I'm searching for these answers.
 Like the premise of the book is not like,
 "I have all the answers, let them give them to you."
 It's like, "I'm in the season where I'm going through it again
 "and like, let me share it through,
 "I'm learning on this journey,
 "because I'm learning some amazing things, and as I'm sharing
 "as I'm writing them, I get these insights keep popping in
 "and it's fascinating, so I'll be doing something,
 "I'll be doing something else."
 And I'm like, "I have a dude who I'm like,
 "Oh my gosh, I'm running a day."
 I'm like, "Look at this."
 He's like, "What am I explaining?"
 He's like, "I never saw it before."
 I'm like, "Neither did I."
 It showed up when I'm in this intense time, right?
 And so it's been fun because I'm writing this
 because I'm like, these insights are coming
 at a speed that they don't normally come in.
 - And I think also like, it's really fun.
 - I think, told that I'm not,
 I wanted you to keep going on that, but I've noticed that as well
 when it comes to reading books, reading a book,
 and then applying the book, those are two very different things.
 Like I have read, expert seekers,
 dot com secrets, traffic secrets, right?
 And I'm going through, I've not read the hardcover
 of expert seekers, I've only read the softcover.
 So right now I'm going through, and yes, two nights ago,
 I started it, and you know, so I'm like,
 - I'm showing hardcover?
 - Yeah, the hardcover, I'm going through, like,
 I'm listening to it, and I'm reading it,
 and I'm taking it-- - Get the hardcover
 is their way better than the soft covers.
 - So I'm going through it, I'm like, you know, all this stuff.
 But like, I've been, I mean, for the last four, five, six months,
 like all I've been doing, like I have no front end products
 of my own, right, I'm not building anything,
 all I'm doing is like working with, like,
 big campaigns on the back end, right?
 So like, bull off stuff, we're doing stuff with cash phones,
 doing all this stuff stuff, and I'm like,
 going through it, I actually vox you, right?
 And I was like, dude, like, people say they've read this book,
 but they haven't, like, they've read the words,
 but it's like totally different when you actually experience it,
 and you're like watching where it all fits in,
 and like, you start to see how it all clicks together.
 So it's like that, from the reverse angle of when you're writing it
 and trying to put it on in together is like what you're talking about here.
 Yeah. It's super fascinating.
 Anyway, so it's been fun and excited.
 So my goal, I'm trying to get it done by summer
 for it to be a launch in March.
 So the publishing, if you publish traditionally,
 this publishing schedule is really, really long.
 So if you guys want to rate it in March,
 I have it done by June.
 If we want to rate it in March of next year,
 you have to have it done by June this year.
 Yeah.
 Dang.
 So that's kind of where I'm at.
 So I'm always on the first section of the book,
 and there's four sections.
 In fact, then this month, I should go to section number one,
 and then that's kind of where I'm at.
 Do we get to know what I've called?
 Like, do you have a title yet?
 I do.
 I don't want to show a title yet,
 because I don't want someone like going in.
 Oh, that's true.
 You guys all suck.
 I'm just kidding.
 Yes, everybody's all domains up, and they start like SEO in me
 and beating me and all that stuff.
 But it's going to be cool.
 And it's a study of like two things.
 So I'll give you this part.
 This is a subtitle.
 It's a subtitle.
 It's something Tony Narovin talks a lot about,
 but it's the science of achievement and the art of fulfillment.
 Like, these two things, right?
 How do achievers achieve?
 And then how do you actually get fulfilled?
 Because it's fascinating.
 I think I just do so much.
 I see my own life.
 Like, I achieve something thinking that when I achieve this thing,
 I'm going to be fulfilled and happy and everything, right?
 And you achieve the thing and you're like, I'm not happy.
 And you figure out that achievement and fulfillment are not--
 they don't work hand in hand.
 They're too complete.
 It's a science of achievement, which that's why, like,
 science of achievement works with me.
 It's like, here's a step-by-step process
 to get this result, right?
 I want to be a champion wrestler.
 Here's a step-by-step justice.
 Boom, got it.
 I wanted to be non-American.
 Step-by-step process, got it.
 So for me, achievement's always come easy.
 Anything I've ever wanted in my life,
 I've achieved it because there's a science I figured out, right?
 Fulfillments aren't.
 It's different.
 It's not all of these steps you become fulfilled.
 Right.
 So that's the studies.
 Like, how do you--
 the yin-yang of these two things.
 And it's like, in so fast things, I've been going deeper into it
 and seeing the pattern appear over and over and over again,
 all these different things.
 And how do you apply it to your life?
 And there's so many cool things in this book
 that don't necessarily talk about science, of achievement,
 and fulfillment, but they're all in here.
 The pattern's in here over and over and over again.
 It's just pulling it from all these sources
 and showing it to everybody is what the book's going to do,
 and then how to weave it into all the aspects of your life.
 Anyway, so that's--
 one of the things-- and I'm sure you'll talk about it,
 but will be the balance of those two things,
 because it's like early on in my very young career
 of being 27 years old.
 But it was all about, like, achieve, achieve, achieve,
 achieve.
 And there's always my mom's voice in the back of my head.
 It's like, things won't make you happy, right?
 Like, you know what I mean?
 I'm like, I know mom.
 Yeah, yes they will, right?
 And then you get there.
 And then there have been moments in my life
 where I'm like, right now, in this moment,
 I am completely fulfilled or I'm completely content.
 And it's just like, I don't know what could make my life better.
 And it's like, not when I achieved anything,
 it's not when I did anything.
 But in that moment, whenever I take a step back
 and think about that moment, I have very little drive
 to go achieve anything more.
 And there's that balance of how do I stay fulfilled
 and content while also being driven to go achieve.
 Because for me, and this is something I've wrestled with
 and talked to Katie about it.
 And I'm like, it's either one or the other.
 Like, I can't be-- and she's like,
 there's always another option.
 There's just never black and white, right?
 And so balancing the two of those
 and understanding that, like you said, they're not--
 they don't go hand in hand.
 Like, they're separate things, I think, is really important.
 And something that I'm trying to figure out and learn.
 Why do people get so-- so I got frustrated about it.
 All the times I achieved something,
 and I'm so frustrated, like, why do I not feel how I thought
 I was going to feel?
 And like, these depression or frustration or whatever.
 But when you start separating me,
 like, these are two different things.
 And I can't achieve and I want to achieve.
 But how do I get fulfilled in the journey
 or separately from it?
 And like, we start-- anyway, it's been fascinating.
 I've been learning so many-- so many cool things.
 And it's going to be fun to start sharing with everybody.
 I'm going to probably start, in my podcast,
 start dropping more and more things.
 So I'm getting deeper and deeper and more--
 more of the thoughts getting flushed out.
 That's the weird thing about writing a book, too, is like,
 you know, initially I'm like, here's
 I'm going to write an outline of like, what the book's
 going to be.
 And then I write chapter number one.
 And I was like, none of this outline makes sense.
 You know, I'll read an outline.
 And then chapter two, and I'm like--
 and so it's like, it's this rebuild, rebuild, rebuild.
 And by the time it's done, hopefully, we'll find out.
 It'll be the perfect thing that's like,
 here's the frameworks you need.
 And like this, for example, this whole concept here,
 there's a chapter that's going to be taking the frameworks
 from this book.
 And this is going to be chapters, walking people
 through this concept of faith and fear.
 This doodle is a rough draft.
 I tell you, I sent this to you today.
 I'm like, this is not the perfect doodle.
 I'm not going to post it down below yet,
 because it's like, this is partially done.
 It's going to be perfect by the time the book's done.
 I'm still thinking through and trying to get it right,
 making a simple form where I can understand it,
 and hopefully it makes easier people to apply.
 But anyway, it's pretty cool.
 I think everyone should write a book.
 I think everybody listening should
 say that I was a goal, because when you do,
 just the act of writing a book will change the board.
 I think anyone will understand.
 And when somebody asks, what are you doing?
 You're like, I'm writing a book.
 That's just--
 Sounds super cool.
 There's no words.
 Cooler than me.
 Yeah, for sure.
 OK, I know you have a hard cut off.
 So I want to be respectful of that here.
 So I want to end with kind of like one question here.
 And that is specifically about reading books.
 It's interesting.
 I'm pretty involved in the ClickFunnels world.
 I mean, those are my people as well, too.
 And so those are the people that follow me,
 and that I interact with, and I talk to a lot.
 And it's always interesting when I talk to people
 about reading versus action.
 And it's like some people have this weird thought
 that if you're a reader, you're not an action taker, which
 I'm like, that's not true.
 That's not how that works.
 But anyway, for you, if you are early on in your career,
 early on in your journey of building your business
 and your funnels and putting everything together,
 do you recommend going back and thinking in your life,
 were you a big reader early on?
 Like, did you do a lot of reading,
 or were you more action taking?
 And looking back, would you recommend people read more,
 take more action?
 What's that balance?
 Because it's very easy.
 I mean, I know for me, I'm making time to read,
 and then that's all I want to do.
 I'm like, this is amazing.
 And then I will take action.
 Like, this is-- and so it's like, what's that balance there?
 And what do you recommend as far as reading versus action?
 It's tough, because some people read just because it's like--
 like, you get fulfillment.
 There's a good feeling that comes with reading.
 Yeah, the first time.
 It's a fake sense of accomplishment.
 Yes.
 So this is my belief.
 I remember when I first got started.
 I was reading a lot.
 I was listening.
 I was going to seminars.
 I remember at first, I always frustrated
 because I was learning all this stuff.
 And I was getting-- I'm like, but I had nowhere to use it.
 And I was trying to use it all.
 That's why I think I launched.
 I think-- I came in a couple of fun hack lives
 that I measured.
 It was like 106, 116, or something funnels
 I launched before ClickFunnels.
 And that's because every idea that came to me,
 I was like, I have to create something.
 I'm like, create this.
 And I create this.
 And I was like, creating funnel and funnel and coaching program.
 I go join Deep Jet.
 I join Dan Kennedy's Mastermind.
 And they talked about, you should have a Mastermind group.
 So at the event, I launched a Mastermind group.
 You should have phone cells.
 So I like, we started a phone cell.
 And they're like, you should do it in seminars.
 We launched a seminar.
 Like, every idea that came, I launched it.
 But man, I got a point where I was drowning,
 because we had 8,000 things we're doing.
 And nothing really worked.
 And I remember always feeling guilty,
 because these ideas are coming to me.
 Like, these are like gifts from God.
 These are inspiration.
 I need to have these things.
 And it wasn't until, I don't know when I'm somewhere down
 the line, I realized that like, I don't actually
 have to take all these different things and do them.
 But I can understand them.
 Because I enjoy learning to understand.
 So I would take them in my mind.
 I'd literally put them on a shelf like, oh, this--
 I remember this Dan Kennedy on how to do high ticket
 air exclusive programs.
 So I remember listening to it.
 It's like, they're talking about franchises.
 All of a sudden, I was just amazed.
 I was taking it because I enjoyed the learning of it.
 And I was like, I'm not doing this right now.
 I'm so stretched thin, but I enjoy the learning.
 So I'm flying an airplane, listening to this audio book,
 whatever.
 But I'm going to put it over here.
 And I'm just going to categorizing.
 And I put it over here in my brain.
 If I ever wanted to go back and do that, I know where it's at.
 Where things come out.
 Put it over here.
 So I started learning because I enjoy learning.
 But I didn't have to implement everything.
 And I put things in these different spots.
 At the same time, I had a very clear vision.
 Like, this is a different purpose.
 I had a vision that's sometimes executed on this one
 and I do.
 So as I'm learning, when something came that crossed my mind
 I was like, oh, that's the next step.
 I could grab it and plug it in and I could use it.
 If it didn't, I'm like, that's awesome.
 Right here.
 Something I'm going to use down the future.
 And I talked to James Ferro and I talked about this
 because he has a Trello board.
 He calls this shiny penny Trello board.
 Where anytime you have a great idea,
 instead of trying to implement, he's like,
 I put it over his Trello board.
 It's like, it's your idea.
 It's like, because for me, I think for most entrepreneurs,
 every idea is like your baby.
 This is the greatest idea of all time.
 I have a Trello bar called Josh's Brain.
 Oh.
 So I did that.
 This is a pretty Trello.
 So I ended up getting-- I remember getting a note card.
 I had a three-by-five note cards, a little thing.
 And so when I had the ideas, I put them in there.
 And I put them there, right?
 Somebody had me come back to this.
 And I get out of the ideas and I kept putting them there.
 I kept putting them there, either in a note card
 or something somewhere else.
 And it's crazy now.
 I fast forward, man, I think.
 It's 19 or 20 years I'm going to do this now.
 So whatever it is, almost two decades.
 And it's really cool because when I coach people now--
 and this is my inner circle room.
 So I have people in here, I'm coaching them.
 And someone will be up here on stage
 and they'll suck with a problem and they're frustrated.
 I'm like, I don't want to do this thing.
 And all of a sudden, out of the back of my mind,
 pops up a thing and it comes in.
 I'm like, I have this thing.
 I'm like, oh my gosh, where did that come from?
 It's because I learned it.
 Because I read this book over here.
 I saw this thing over here.
 And all these things.
 And so I think a lot of times we have to understand that learning
 is fun.
 So enjoy it.
 Don't like-- don't like-- I'm not going to read.
 Because I don't like--
 Read is awesome.
 Read.
 Learn dual things.
 But also understand, you need to have--
 what is your mission?
 Steve Larson talked about this two-phonal hacking lives ago.
 I call it "Just in Time" learning.
 And so he's like, I'll read the book that you need, which I don't--
 I kind of agree with that.
 So for like, this is a better past than watching movies,
 right?
 So look for the study, right?
 But having your path like, this is my goal,
 this is what I'm going to go.
 If you draw my coaching program, we're
 going to talk about what's the first funnel.
 That's what I think you focus on.
 Don't do anything else.
 Just focus on that.
 You can learn other things.
 But categorize them away until you're ready.
 And then as you get pieces that are like, that's--
 I need that.
 I need that.
 And I'm like, figuring out the next steps.
 I think that's how I would do the yin yin yang of both of those.
 I'm learning so many things that are studying things
 or I find things that are awesome that I'm not going to use.
 But someday, there's going to be someone
 I come upon that nugget is going to be the thing that
 unlocks something for them.
 And they're going to be super grateful.
 Anyway.
 All right.
 Well, man, thank you.
 I really appreciate you taking the time to do this.
 This is so much fun.
 We could talk for hours, but we do have to wrap it up there.
 We've got a little something to get to.
 So thank you, man.
 I appreciate it.
 No worries.
 And hopefully, for all you guys, two things I want to say.
 Number one, I highly recommend reading his book
 and read through the lens of this.
 Like I wish the first time I didn't know where it was going.
 So I was all over the place and just like freaking out.
 But look at the lens of faith and fear of like,
 I don't want to be a drifter.
 I want to be somebody who's spiritually
 mentally and physically free, right?
 Look at that and start looking at everything
 he talks about from this lens and just look
 at it as like protections of either how
 to get to the spot where you're going 2%.
 Or how to keep yourself from becoming a drifter.
 Or if you are a drifter, I shift yourself back.
 And like looking at this because it's
 like this guide book of all the ways
 that the devil uses to shift you around.
 And when you're aware of it, man, it
 makes it so much more powerful.
 And like--
 Where is this huge?
 The thing that I would say we didn't have time to get to it.
 But like I would say too is like, understand that it's not--
 like if you're religious, understand
 that there's probably going to be some things that like when
 he taught like the devil is like, you don't need God,
 you don't need me.
 You can like some of the things that are going to be in there,
 like Russell said, like 97% is good, 3% is bad.
 Like don't let that prevent you from understanding
 the value and the power that's in this book.
 Because there is so much good stuff in this.
 And like any single time that I've ever had success at anything,
 when I look back at like it follows very closely
 the principles that we're taught in here.
 So anyway, it's awesome.
 And then wait till next March to buy my book.
 And I will be the number one affiliate.
 So hopefully you all can be number two, three, four.
 That's cool.
 That's going to be super, super cool.
 So Russell, thank you so much, man.
 I appreciate it.
 We'll have to do it again for the Book of Mormon
 or something like that.
 And it'll be fun.
 All right.
 All right, guys, that's it.
 As always, I also got blessed.
 Don't be afraid to think different.
 Because those of us that think different,
 are going to be the ones to change the world.
 I love you all.
 See you soon.
 All right, everybody.
 See ya.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, everybody.
 This is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community, which
 means you can text me your questions.
 And right now, I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30
 minutes every single day answering questions through text
 message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing,
 pull your phone out, and actually text me a message.
 Now, the phone number you text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone.
 And then it'll send you back a message
 where you can add me to your phone.
 And then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community,
 is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag,
 giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings,
 about times I'm coming to your local area,
 and a whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day, I'm
 sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks,
 and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is
 play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
