 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing series podcast. I hope you enjoyed the first part of my interview with Josh
 40 on at winning the devil this episode. I'm excited to go a little bit deeper. We're gonna start talking about
 Some of my stories and practical applications of how I was able to use this in my past
 This story I tell I wasn't expecting to tell us I didn't know where he was gonna go interview questions
 We got a little emotional, but I think it's I think it was good
 So I'm excited to share it with you a little nervous, but we'll excited at same time
 So with that said we're in cute theme song we come back you can listen to episode number two from the Josh 40 interview about
 Outwitting the Devil
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 I had a very definitive takeaway from the book right like I read it and there's so much obviously
 There's like you could read a million times and I keep getting old nuggets, but like what was the thing?
 That was like stuck out to you. That was like the most powerful of it that caused you to literally go on Instagram
 Like yo everybody read this book right now. Well for me. So
 Again, everyone's different spots
 So I think I think it's good to read this book forever to kind of sit see where you fit right and and anyway
 Maybe I have to sort of you my myself, but I feel like I'm someone who actually fit her purpose
 I feel like I can faith most of times like so I feel like I'm on the side
 So the thing was that was so powerful for me if you look in the middle of my thing
 There's just two columns here was he starts saying he asked me like when someone uses defender purpose
 Does that mean they're free from you?
 Like no, he's like as soon as they're using different purposes like these the tools I used to try get them to become drifters
 I start looking at the list of things to use is to give them become drifters
 I was like oh my gosh. I see those patterns in my life
 I see the things they're pulling me to that side as well
 And it became this like warning for me of like okay
 These are the things to be to protect yourself from because we're not free like it's not like I do good things are fun
 Be good forever. It's like no the entire time
 He's trying to get you to their side
 And so for me
 It was interesting you can kind of see some of these ones I listed here like the the temptations he uses to get you to get
 Someone who who is free to become a drifter. So number one was flattering and it was interesting
 He said that the way he uses flatteries and women he uses vanity and men he uses egotism and I've seen that
 So many times in my own personal life where I you go and start like
 I'm amazing and since you do that soon as you do that
 It starts shifting you from from this state of like freedom to to drifters and I've seen
 I've got personal friends who who
 Have let ego destroy their families destroy their businesses in their lives and I always have feared that and I see myself slipping that
 Often I guess it's definitely a temptation. It's like one of the things for me that pulls me in
 I'm trying to like be careful. It's funny people always tell me I feel like you're one of the few guys in the industry
 I'm a big ego. I'm like I have a huge ego. I
 Try to get aware of it. Yeah, I'm grateful for my wife
 And one of my one of my buddies told me like wasn't for Colette
 He's like you'd have the biggest head in the world like she's the one that keeps me
 Focused you know I mean I feel like that's me with me to a hundred percent
 Oh, it's so hundred percent
 But I think it was interesting for men for egotism and women and said vanity which is interesting too
 So those are two things there next was failure and you talked about failure from both sides
 He said that the failure can be something that actually serves you because you fail you see what's wrong
 And you read just but some people go through failure and then they slip to like okay
 This didn't work in their album. Yeah, and you see that a lot well and that's even listed here or even it's
 Learning from adversity. Yeah, so like that's one of the key things like how do you how do you use failure?
 Like if you're gonna be a drifter you're gonna like be like failure. Yeah, and I'm never gonna do it again
 Yeah, versus a successful person a little time and fail like oh I try to think you didn't actually work
 It's like okay work for like a hundred other people but it worked for you like
 Maybe it was you maybe the approach was you know, it's like it's so interesting what it's like if it comes back to if you've read
 Jocko's book
 What's the other book?
 Yeah, actually yeah, like that's the thing like the failure happens and it's like I'm gonna blame on them boom like instantly
 Drifter, right we're like it was me. I did it wrong. What are gonna change like the extreme ownership?
 Like that's the shift from failure
 Whereas you take the extreme ownership boom you slot your you're staying over here
 But if you don't and I have a problem all the time like I think
 You know like something doesn't happen my team right or whatever
 I want to point the fingers and it's like but I'm the leader of the team
 But it's so much easier to point out point back in and so the three thousand one again another one
 I know it's like when I have my failures like I point out ran because point out I'm slipping into drifting
 Propaganda bribes food sex like all these different things he was using like food. Well, it's interesting he was talking about
 He's like, you know when men and women become rich and they have like sings I give them through food
 Well since they're eating a gluttonous and also their body gets not healthy and then there's hardly a move and there's that
 I mean you're and I know I'm sure you felt that when you're not eating healthy your mind gets cloudy
 All these things is very easy to become a drifter. Yeah, and so just all these tools
 He's using to try to get you to shift from one of their those things were you know in my time of life right now
 I was just like okay cool
 I've got walls like to start protecting myself of I can become more aware of it when you're aware of something so much easier to fight it as opposed to
 When you're and like when you're successful to like everything's convenient
 And that's kind of like one of the things that he brought up in the book to like that I noticed in my life
 Like I was like I thinking back to when I first started I was sleeping on my buddy's couch
 You know what I mean like for three months like trying to I work my butt off and everything like that
 I'm like why don't like why do I like that drive sometimes like why why don't I have that anymore?
 It's like because life is convenient right because if I sleep until eight o'clock or if I sleep you know like don't perform today
 It's like my life doesn't change at all like you know what I mean
 But back then it did and so when things become convenient. It's super easy to come back into that like drift or mode
 100% and that's the hardest things you know, it's just
 You know, I think at least for me when I was growing up
 I was thought like there's a point where you're like you made it in fact
 I remember it's one time my business was doing well the time we had a bunch of employees
 I remember hiring this guy to come consult me on something he came out and he was looking at all the stuff
 He's like he's like so tell me like when was he like when did you know you made it and I was like oh
 I'm still freaking out like I've no idea like I don't like I made it and I think my life
 I was thought there's gonna be a point where I'm like I made it or figured the thing out or whatever
 I never got there
 I feel like I feel like the second I do that's like when it's gonna start like that's the thing and so
 I think being more aware of that just like this is a constant thing and that's okay
 But but it's a constant you know with between God and Satan like there's this constant like every every moment is like
 Eat some are fighting for it. Right. It's like if you give up here, then you slip back over to there like you can't just
 There's no neutral ground. So I actually want to talk about that because I think
 One of the biggest I mean well the number one thing like you said of an on drifter is the definitive purpose
 Yeah
 And like I have noticed that in my life even like recently so I mean over the past year
 You're in a half and I've been working with Katie Richardson
 You know that like you know just really getting clear on like what the next steps of things are and like
 My definitive purpose if you will like when I first started my entrepreneurship journey like was this I just don't want to be for anymore
 I'm like my definitive purpose is to not worry about money to get like just be free
 Right they'll be able to make decisions or whatever and I got there
 And then there was like this next definitive purpose and they were like kind of like incremental like almost goals
 But not like this overwhelming like definitive purpose right and and so like going through the process
 Of course with my brother dying and like that whole kind of shattering everything like for you
 You've built click funnels
 You know have a wildly successful company people look up to you and like oh my gosh Russell like you're on top of the world
 You're amazing. You've made it like like at now. You've just said hey
 I don't feel like I've made it yet
 I still feel like I have a long way to go like how do you?
 Has your a has your purpose changed since you started compared to where you're at now and be like how do you continue to remind yourself of that
 Purpose how do you find that purpose like when like you could do nothing for the rest of your life and be like totally fine
 Like how do you find purpose in a drifter that point but right but like right you would be a drifter
 I can see Russell's in on the beach now actually I can't even imagine what that would look like for Russell on the beach for long periods
 But like what what would that look like for you like or how do you find that that purpose so?
 Yes, but my purpose has changed. Yeah
 So I'd say in my mind it's kind of two things. There's like
 Like the people that I've been called to serve has not changed right so like I feel like I've been called to serve entrepreneurs
 Like those are my people those people that I'm here and so for me it's like what are all the ways I can help them
 So initially was like do seminars deep right books
 That was the first thing right and then it's like oh we're gonna build software and then it's like oh we're new events
 And like it kept adding these things on
 And so like that was the thing right and so my purpose is like what are all the things I can do to help to help an entrepreneur
 more successful like that's that's my my vision that's my mission that's my my thing right and I feel like now that like again after I
 Finish the three books. I was like I feel like that again. That's the trilogy. That's what people need and then we're
 Funnalacking live. It's amazing. We have these things in place like all the things there are kind of
 They're there and I think there's things you know
 There's big updates we have to come in to click funnels. There's other things we do to make things better
 But for me, it's like it's not a lot more again
 There's not like I'm gonna come out some magic funnel in my god. It changes everything again like we're like it's it's there
 Right so for me, it's like okay
 I'm still called to serve these people what's the next level of success like what's the next thing I need to do and for me
 I started looking like what were the things that I struggled with and so much of it was not you know
 I mean it was like I didn't have the tools and the information
 Which is why in the last two decades has been focused on that
 But the next thing was like I had to become someone different like who did I have to become to be successful?
 I look at so many entrepreneurs were coming into my world these people I'm called to serve and giving them funnels man
 They don't believe in themselves. They have horrible identities. They're using fear over fate every single time and they're having success
 So for me, it's like a I still have the same people
 They I'm so called same serve the same people but but what am I like? What's the next thing?
 I need help with if you just look at like just that the my book trilogy the first one was dot-com secret
 Right? It's like they need to understand funnels that that was a book and it's like hey
 I understand funnels and now everyone's like I'm building funnels
 But then they their funnels weren't working right they weren't converting and I'm like oh they don't like tell stories right cop
 You're building like expert secrets my expert secrets like okay now
 They understand that and I thought I was done and then I'm like okay
 Some people have these funnels that I can really get copy but they Facebook shut down their account on the screwed or they have no traffic
 Whatever I'm like oh my people need traffic so I'm getting traffic and that was traffic secrets book
 You know and so for me the last year year and a half especially knows you know we've been in this insane
 Environment of
 And I'm watching people have been called sure melting down choosing fear in every single direction over and over and over and over again
 I'm seeing people who don't have an identity don't have beliefs or have rules or values and I've all these things
 They need to actually have the structure to implement a so we talked about yeah
 And that's why I started geeking back back to this personal moments
 And partially because it's for for myself because I'm trying to protect myself and strengthen myself
 But for me like
 The only reason I go deep on anything like if you look at my disc profile one of my
 One of my things is I have very very high like my highest values ROI like if I don't do return on investment
 Something I can't do it like that's why I struggle in school. It's why I struggled so many things
 That's why when I started trying to read scriptures again
 I struggled it until I started a podcast because now there's return on my investment
 I'm gonna learn this thing that I'm gonna give it to somebody else and there's my return on investment now
 I can I can do it and I feel fulfilled by right which by the way, I'm gonna plug
 Podcast number three is gonna be about that. So anyway, yeah
 Yeah
 And that same thing here so like I started going back to start reading things and for a while it was tough
 I'm reading things and and for me it's like
 Like what's the term investment? It's good for me, but like I've been called to serve like it's not just right
 There's again, I talked about this in the new book
 We'll talk about it, but we're on my secret to growth and contribution right I love growth because good for me
 but but I
 I thrive on the contribution like it's me sharing that they gets me excited
 So I was going through these things and that's when probably like three or four months ago Ryan's like hey
 I'm learning all these principles and these things. I'm doodling all the stuff like I need I need to have something
 I'm putting it towards or else
 I'm not gonna be able to continue the momentum I need to keep doing this and keep figuring out these things
 And so that's why I started as you know on my fourth book. Yeah, which is not a marketing book
 Yeah, I want to talk about that really okay. I really do want to go there
 However, I want to there's one question I want to ask you first
 That's I kind of want to like pull back maybe another layer of Russell that people like I don't know
 Maybe you've told this story before I don't know
 I don't even know what the story is I'm about to ask you but like so like my number one takeaway from the book
 Was how much fear controls people right like that was my number one thing and like for me like
 and this has come through a tremendous amount of mental work and
 Tremendous amount of like personal identity work over the course of the past you know 12 to 16 months of just like
 tears and and just
 Facing my own you know like fears and insecurities and like bringing them to light like working through them
 But like there's not a whole lot of things. I'm afraid of right like there
 I mean very few things are like look at I'm like oh my gosh
 I'm like I'm just I just do me and like whatever like criticism that doesn't really bother me or whatever
 But there are like there's certain like certain instances that come up or I'm like oh
 I'm afraid of failure in that specific scenario for that specific thing
 Yeah, and I'd be curious to know like for you as you built click funnels
 I'm sure there were moments of fear and I'm sure there were moments when like this
 Side of things started to creep in but like you worked through that and so I'd be curious to know like what's like what was on the biggest?
 Times when you were building like funnels that you were afraid and how did you work through that like what's that story?
 Man because I feel like I feel like we hear like the marketing version of it the highlight rules
 Well, we do right like and and they serve a very specific purpose and like I always laugh when
 People like want to criticize be like Russell only told this part of the story or I'm like do you understand why he's doing that?
 Like do you understand like it's fitting into like it's a funnel hacking live or it's that this or ever?
 I'm like there's a purpose for that
 It's not like you know trying to do that but I want to know the other side of it
 Like I want to know like the behind the scenes of like what was that moment where you're like?
 This is not worth it. I'm gonna shut it all down or I'm afraid that you're not gonna be able
 I don't know what I don't know what the story is. Yeah
 Definitely for me
 The part was the hardest it was the first year click funnels
 We just launched it and I remember because when Todd built that he told me he was like and I you know in my head
 I thought we're gonna 10,000 members month one like that was in my head
 And Todd was like okay. Well just you know as soon as the past 10,000 members
 The way I coded it is gonna be have to be different and I was like I don't know that means but I'm gonna get 10,000 members
 Right so we go and launch it we don't get 10,000 members
 I'm depressed but we start pursuing the scene start working towards it and within about a year we got 10,000 members
 And during that during that time
 Click-flood started doing weird things were like it would just go down for like five minutes and be back
 Like what just happened and like oh some
 Bubble ball techie thing happened and yes, they fix it like hey good who you know and
 Down this I'm down 15 minutes and 15 minutes down. It's funny because because
 Because one minute I'm everyone's hero right there like we love you Russell
 You made our life so much easier making money like I'm getting the messages and just like feeling the ego and like all the things
 They're just like this is amazing and it goes down and I want you to understand like when it when click-floodles would go down
 It wasn't like hey man's down like it was like I want to kill you
 Like you owe me $2,000 in ads for my 15 minute window goes down like I'm gonna sue you like death threats like
 I want from like this like the hero of the day - I want to kill you and mess is coming in for it
 All right, and I'm getting these things and Todd's not getting him because no knows
 You know he's kind of had the scenes and I'm just like if you want to kill me like they're that angry
 Like they want to sue me. They're like all these things and then they're publicly posting everywhere
 How horrible and how bad and like like the second someone slips everyone wants to jump up and like start throwing daggers out of it
 I get some sane I've seen happen to so many people like I have friends who I've seen happen recently where it's like
 You know everyone's not everyone loves them till they do something and then it's just like everyone wants to pound some
 And like half the time is not even their fault. It's it's crazy
 It's just happening right and so he's happening we get back up and then make this is gonna work good like yeah
 I'm fine. Okay. It's gonna be good. So like then we plan on that and then again
 It would go good for two or three weeks and something would happen and it's kept happening and the longer we go
 more members happen would happen more often than happen longer and
 It was just like horrible because I remember one time I was speaking at a dank at GKc event
 And I'm in the hotel room. We just got there Dave and I were there with everything ready and it goes down
 We're down for like 30 minutes. I'm freaking I'm supposed to be on stage in like 30 minutes, right?
 I'm like an hour something and it's down and I messaged in and I remember voxied Todd. I'm like
 Hey, it's down again. He messes back on my it's like oh, yeah, like
 I'm
 He's just like he's like oh, yeah, it's down again. We'll work on it as a message back. I was like this is happening a lot like
 Are you sure okay? You seem all nice and calm like you okay?
 It's like it's Todd super respectful. He doesn't ever swear around me or anything and and he messes back
 And I'm never here Todd scared before and he messes back and he was I don't repeat what he said
 but it was just like
 What he said and how he said it was just like we're screwed like
 It's like four or five times a row and then he like ended and I was just like and you're about to go on stage
 Yeah, and I was like oh my gosh, and I was just freaking out like I'm not to go on stage and I convinced all this audience
 I've got the greatest thing in the world and my partner who built it's freaking out and doesn't know how to stabilize this thing and he's
 and I remember just being like
 Like sick to like sick my stomach scared all these fear like all the anxiety all the
 Inattic we'll see all the all those things
 And I remember I'm just freaking out and then we got it back up and then Dave's like hey
 You're on like 10 minutes. I'm like oh so like you're doing my things running downstairs and I'd come on stage
 I was just anyway just in my in my head and my mind and my body just like freaking out, right and
 Do the presentation
 You know it I know the presentation even if I'm scared it's gonna convert pretty similar
 It's a cool well people bought everyone's excited and remember afterwards. It was weird. This is the most weird
 I don't even know who it was if you're listening to message me
 Some dude like lingered afterwards and he's like
 You okay like yeah
 Fine how's it going? He's like and he's like a
 chiropractor, but like a
 Like a woo one right? Yeah, you energy stuff. Yeah. He's like yeah, I adjust you know like that's weird
 I know like I don't really do normal just in this other weird kind and I was like I don't know what's happening
 You know like what's but for some reason like sure like whatever right takes in this other room
 He starts to ingest and he's doing like you know the muscle testing all sorts of stuff on me
 Which I know some random dude. Yeah, I never had that happen before we was intended to dance
 So you know who's there right right and it was it was weird because he starts
 He's just like you have all his tension here here all these things and he's trying to figure out why and so
 eventually
 Indian some people think that's crazy. I use think it was crazy nowadays. I don't know no I don't think it's crazy
 Anyway, it's it's interesting
 But he's doing this muscle testing and he he muscle tests and he's like the thing that you're experiencing right now inside your body
 Is a reflection something that happened? I can't really
 It was like 3.6 years ago or something like that
 He's like what what happened three and a half years ago
 I have no idea that I can't remember and also I was like oh my gosh
 That was the last time my company collapsed and we had to we didn't go through bankruptcy by the fire
 Almost a hundred people we had everything out with like there's all this stuff and he was like he's like your spirit
 Your body's experiencing the same things right now that you experienced at that moment
 And that's this tension in the same thing. Oh my gosh
 It was crazy and he did all this stuff to try to release it and everything
 But also I realized it's like oh my gosh my biggest thing is I built this thing up
 People think I'm a hero right again right now
 And I remember happened three and a half years ago when I lost everything and how much pain and how much all these things
 The poverty I got the criticism. I got the ill health. I got the loss of love. I got friends family coworkers walking out on me
 I wanted to die. I'm old as like all my my grace fears came back in that moment and and I'm in this
 The spot and I don't know how to fix it because I can't code like what I got a college and our code box
 That's the worst. Oh, man the next week
 Because out of your hands we're flying to London to speak in London
 They invited my family to come to see my wife and kids were all flying in London
 And I told parts the story before but we're in the air
 You know everything's good the kids are having so much fun
 They're flying and we land we get to London and there's you know in your phones like the chips don't work
 So yeah, you guys swap a man for driving right if I get our chips in there
 And as soon as it does all of a sudden my phone is like
 And I don't know what it is. I'm looking and there's text messages. There's instamesters voxers
 There's all these things hundreds not not like I'm not exaggerating people like 100
 It's probably 10 like hundreds and hundreds on every platform where people
 Setting me death threats sending me they want to kill me sending me they hate me sending me
 I'm screwing them over sending me all that like just the stuff and I'm looking at my phone
 I'm like I don't even happen so finally trying to get taught I gotta hold of him and he's like yeah
 We're down to be down for like four or five hours
 He's like if we're able to get it back up now
 I remember some saying if not when and I was just like and you're in London with my lab to speak
 And so I don't even know I went back hotel room
 And we had like two hotels conjoining for the kids like can everyone go in the stream for a minute and I shut the door
 And I'm just like I don't know what to do. We're down. I don't know if we're gonna get back up like
 You know the next day to talk about click funnels
 And as one of the things where I was just like in so much fear like I wanted to hide
 I just wanted to like not say anything. I just want to be quiet. Especially as an introvert
 Yeah, especially in this for who's got literally hundreds of people tell me how much they hate me and
 I don't want to do and this is those moments where it's just like the fear and the faith like I
 Wanted to go to fear like that's so nice just to hide and like
 But I was like I can't cuz like this is this is my life. This is all stuff
 we've worked for so long and and
 In that moment I had the impression of like you should go live on Facebook
 I don't want to live on Facebook like you have to like you have to tell people it's happening
 I was like what kind of CEO in the middle of this crash gets online like hey our company's down
 Happy face like it's okay because let me blame the servers right
 I didn't really be like a blame because it was you know, it's not your fault also, but I was never the favorite
 So finally I was like alright, so I just I totally care
 I'm gonna be on like 15 minutes like just so I clicked go and all of a sudden live and course because
 Everybody pops in because they're trying to figure out because they don't want to kill me like
 Russell's here this is our time and first I popped up like you start seeing the comments like you're having kid
 You killed my business and I always think and just like you owe me how much money like all these things and I'm just like
 Okay, and instead of like doing I wanted to do which was like blame point other people I was like
 I'm pissed. I was like this is not okay like my business is down your business is down
 You trusted me you trusted us. We are not doing this right like this is not acceptable
 I'm not like and I tried my best in fact the video still live
 It's it's on my if you go to my Facebook page and go to videos and scroll down to
 Your one of click fun. It's a video still live there. That's crazy
 And basically I just try somebody go find it and post in the comments
 Seriously, I'd love to see it. Yeah, and I just posted I can't remember if I posted in the click-thongest group
 Or maybe it was in my anyway, I never found it a while ago to look at it again
 I remember watching I was just like oh that sucked
 But I did my best like try to take that like the thinner purpose
 This is not well and that's it. I'm just gonna take faith and it was crazy because I remember we posted that
 Well Todd and the team was working their bus off and luckily through so many miracles
 They got everything back up. We had a backup from right before it hit
 We didn't lose anything other than eight hours. We were down
 And we expected like the next day that half our members would cancel everything is gonna be gone
 And it was crazy how by taking the action of faith like people came in and instead of being upset they're like, you know what?
 Thank you. Thank you for not hiding. Thank you for telling ship said. Thank you for not for understanding
 It's not acceptable and not trying to go. Thank you for taking responsibility and the next over next week
 We didn't see any they wasn't like you know, you know sign ups and cancelation
 Watchlist for your number time. It wasn't wasn't like a big drop. We just like hmm change and
 And after that we we made changes we figured things out and got things solid and so nothing stable
 And that was the last time we went down for more than you know a little blip here there. Yeah
 But that was that was probably the biggest thing and I remember just being anyway, so that's crazy
 Well, I think I feel like that comes back to having a definitive purpose. Yeah, because like you had a goal like you were all in
 Because like without that like you just you throw in the towel and you say this isn't worth it
 You know, I mean like if you don't have if you are not
 Crystal crystal clear or like at least very very emotionally attached to to that outcome or to that goal of that definitive purpose
 Where you're at like you should shut everything down there and you walk. That's crazy. I've never heard that story before who am I sweating?
 Were you living in thanks for that? No problem. I'm sure the audience loved it though
 So anyway, it was a scary scary time between those two things happening back to back and like I said and then we start working towards it and
 Man Todd and Ryan all the people on team who went and who?
 Figured out the problems and solidified things and brought the right people and you know
 It's crazy because people look click phones like you should know how to not go down
 It's like you don't understand that point went from from a bunch of
 Entrepreneurs trying to make something to like at that point
 We were like the 300th most visit website in the world
 There's not many people on this planet who know how to handle the database architecture behind that we didn't know how to do it
 And so we're trying to find people we hire we literally hire people who like they're they're charging like 10 grand an hour to database administration
 So you like you hire like okay. Here's 20 grand you get two hours to tell look say log in look around like
 Here's all the mistakes and then they go back and you try to fix them
 Okay
 Here's another 10 grand another hour like that's the people who I grant eBay at Amazon
 Those people get to hire to come and look at these problems because they're not problems that most people deal with right?
 You think about it
 You know we tell people 120,000 members. That's true. That's 120,000 people's websites and most of them more than one
 We'll say 10 20 50 100 site. There's I don't know quarter million half million websites right all on our servers
 So it's like yeah, like that's the like no one else. Yeah Brad. How many do we have? How many like
 Brad's over here. They are we probably got like 50 just
 Through so these are problems like it's not like not normal problems that like most people are solved
 We're not solved so it's like how do we do that like?
 Yeah, every every level
 There's new level of of stress and problems and things like they keep coming up that you just yeah
 If you don't have that definitive purpose and that dream and that vision that thing like there's so many things
 Pulling you off the path that there's a million things right point to become a drifter
 Yeah, from flatter to failure to propaganda bribes
 So like all these things are trying to do that like the world's stack to get in fact according to book 98% of people are there
 Yeah, 98%
 So it's like so like first off it comes back to like if you want to shift yourself back the very first thing
 It's like come back to very first questions like am I doing this decision based on the faith of fear?
 Like that's the transition point. It's not like okay to fix all this crap
 I'm like I gotta know it's like Kate come back to the very beginning and if you start shifting your decision-making process
 It's like I'm scared. You still be scared. You still have fear. I saw fear all the time. I'm sure you do too
 Like I like do I do that but it's like you don't act in fear you act in faith. I okay?
 This could I could lose everything. I could be criticized. I could I could I could but
 This is my definitive purpose. This is my vision. This is where I have to go therefore
 I'll act in faith regardless of these things that they have it
 I have to be okay with the worst case there
 I have to be okay that if I screw up people in criticized murals
 I'm not gonna be able to move forward in faith. Yeah, and that's the that's the conundrum
 That's where you have to get thick skin and be okay with these things
 You know and I think for me I've tried I spent time consciously thinking about each of these right like you talked about death
 You don't fear death like for me that for a big part of life
 I did fear death and there's parts of me like I'm thinking about today like if I was to die like I would be scared of death
 I'd be scared of like my kids not having a day
 Yeah, but but like the thing like the the belief that I have and and the new book goes deep in these kind of things
 I'm really excited to share but but like my belief about death like we have to have beliefs and and values and rules
 And all these kind of things but my belief about death is like I strongly strongly strongly believe that none of us
 Will live on this planet one second longer shorter than God wants. Yeah, I believe that to my core
 So because I'm okay with that because it's not like all of a sudden
 Accidentally, I'm gonna catch something and I'm gonna die. Yeah, God's like, oh crap. I missed that one
 Right, right. We all there's plans of purpose. There's things are happening and I have that as a belief
 And maybe it's not true
 But it's my belief therefore because I believe that I'm not scared of death. Yeah, I think it happens that sucks
 And I like hold with my kids, but again as part of the plan there
 I'm not afraid of death because of that. Yeah
 And I had never really even thought about death until like my brother like obviously passed away in face face
 Yeah, like holy cow like freak accident helicopter crashed
 You know any mean over in Kenyans like what the heck and like I
 flew around the world trying to figure out what I believe and we'll like kind of what I thought and like kind of the
 Conclusion, I don't know conclusion
 But the belief that I have about death is I'm like alright when I die. That's when my life starts
 Like, you know what I mean? I'm like, okay, cool
 Like I'm this is what they say it's whisper in the wind right like it's the flash and the flash of hand
 Like life is we're here and we're giving some choices and God's like alright here
 You got your 80 or 90 years on life and you get a choice
 You can either choose to accept me or reject me and then eternity starts right or doesn't start
 Oh, is it you know what I mean? And it's like for me
 I'm like sweet and coupled with or partnered with like what you said of like I don't think God makes mistakes
 So if I die like even if it's a dumb stupid decision that I made that led to that like it's not like God didn't factor in my stupidity
 Right, and so because I you know know that it's it's confidence. Yeah
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, and the phone over your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add
 Me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
