 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson. Welcome to a late night in the wrestling room
 addition to marketing seekers podcast.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers.
 All right, all right everybody, so I spent
 Was five five or six hours today with the kids in my little piece of heaven here cleaning today
 So this is an external garage or a house that I just had to turn to wrestling room for those who never seen it before and it's awesome
 Wrestling mats. I got gladiator walls. We've got Bulgarian bags over here. We've got paintings my favorite wrestlers back here
 We've got
 Throwing dummies. We've got the girls stuff here with the girls. These are actually the wrestling mats
 I used to wrestle in high school. They were on my back deck growing up. So this little nostalgia for you
 That's cool. And then yeah, this is the weight room side of it. So this is where we we do what we do and it's it's awesome
 So as I was working today
 Yeah, cuz I like to say we're out kind of middle-nowhere
 So there's lots of spiders and bugs and stuff so all these bug trappers and stuff
 And so probably three three months I come into a deep clean right to the vacuum out and throw away all the dead spiders and like
 Reclean and like yeah, it's kind of a nightmare, but it's really fun now. It's clean. Oh like it's so clean right now
 I just I love it makes more work out. So
 By the way during all of this craziness today of cleaning having fun like that
 I was checking my phone a couple times throughout and I saw a post
 From Julia's story and I thought it was interesting because she asked
 Hey should I pay off my house or should I pull the money out and use that for other investments and things like that?
 It's funny because I gave my answer and it was like the exact opposite of what I think a lot of people thought I would I would think and
 It's good. So I'm gonna give you my advice right now
 Because I know when I was a little kid
 My dad who's an entrepreneur and has a couple of businesses and you know someone who first got me
 excited by this whole thing
 He's always telling me he's like you pay off your house. You have a pair of your house like pay off your house quick as you can and remember
 Because I was like okay, that's good advice and then
 When I got older
 I remember reading rich dad poor dad and read other like investment books and like they always talk about houses a bad investment
 You know, you know, I keep keep the money as low as possible and then but I use that to pay off
 You know, I keep your house just down to the minimum
 Permanently payments and keep that money and go and invest in other things that can produce more money and logically that makes sense
 Right, if I was an investment dude teaching people invest and I'd be like, yes, you should not pay off your house
 Just keep the you know keep the payments or keep you know
 Keep the equity and there's low as possible strip the cash out because you can use that in other investment vehicles
 so makes sense as an investor
 but
 I don't consider myself an investor now. I am getting dabbling in the crypto currencies Todd Dickerson my
 partner at ClickFunnels is
 Making insane amounts of money. So he's showing me the ways of the crypto world
 but I still never convinced consider myself an investor I consider myself an entrepreneur and
 It's funny because when I first started reading those books
 I started believing that started believing that and then I talked to my dad
 I was like dad
 Why don't you pull your money?
 I cuz my dad's like buys houses pays them off and the cash flow buys houses pays them off cash flow and then
 He does his own house and I was like dad like what are you thinking you're crazy?
 And I remember like one night he just kept telling me's like he's like Russell you have to understand there's something
 There's something about knowing that your house is paid off
 That knowing that like the worst case scenario that your house is there that gives you the ability as an entrepreneur to go and risk
 and I was like
 Huh, and I don't think I really got it like you know I hear it. I'm like, you know
 Young son thinking you knows everything and I don't think I got it at first. I was just like okay, okay, whatever
 Then you know the next 10 next decade of my life started happening after that and in that decade
 I've seen some really big ups and some really big downs and some really big ups and some big downs
 And right now I'm on an up cycle and there might be a time I go back down and that sucks and scary and I have a lot of fear and anxiety around that
 Just cuz I've cycled twice and I know that feeling I know the fear
 I know the all those things I have a constant I think part of the reason what drives me so hard people always ask like why don't you slow down dude
 You're doing pretty well. I'm like, I have to cite internal fear of like I remember what that was like to cycle and I'm trying to like
 Protect myself through the hustle or through the I don't know whatever whatever that is
 And so I think that's a big driver force for me
 But during this these cycles
 And luckily we recovered from them, but a couple things that I that I noted
 Things got really bad a couple times, but same time like I never I'm just probably wrong to do
 But I never told my wife a lot about what was happening and she found out later
 I actually if she's the last fun hacking live right did the presentation on
 All my my failures she gets off you up so it's back and he and she was like what she got it rises that bad
 I'm like, I didn't really tell you
 I'm supposed to be the man. This would be like anyway, and
 But like for her I like I knew that like I had to have security
 So I knew how much like we there's a amount of money every single month that she would that she got
 That would like cover the rent or not the house payments are billed so by that
 I just knew like as long as I can make at least that like I was looking at risking and trying and doing things long as
 the worst case scenario like my stability my foundation was set and so um and
 So that was that was it and like during those those rocky scary times and everything was just like I knew the worst case scenario
 She I could always produce enough money that she did like nothing at home
 Was affected so gave me the ability to risk and to roll the dice and then to try things and so for entrepreneurs
 I
 Think that sucking the cash out of your house investing in other places is the worst advice ever because then you're on this
 Unstable foundation sure you have more money to invest and there you can make more money all sorts of things
 But it takes away your ability to risk okay risk is what makes an entrepreneur great
 Right we've got the risk and we could jump off cliffs all the time
 But risk is scary and so like the only way for us to be able to increase the level of risk tolerance
 We have I think is also to increase the stability tolerance on the other side
 Right like paying off your house is smart because worst case scenario of everything if all the crap hits the fan
 Everything falls apart if you've done that and you've paid off your house worst case scenario
 You you still have the stability of a home for your wife and your kids and yours, you know, whatever and
 That is like that's the key. That's that's like that gives you the ability now to go and do the crazier things
 Yeah, like if anyway, so that's my advice for all you guys pay off your house paid off fast
 Perhaps quickly can because as you do that and as you
 As the stability the anchor get stronger and stronger and stronger on this side
 Your ability to risk over here without the fear of losing that
 It gives you the ability to risk more and be able to do what you need to do
 Because entrepreneurship is a lot of like literally rolling the dice. This viral video we're doing
 I keep telling them when I'm like, you know typically my investments in our business are very strategic, right?
 We create a funnel we invest some money get it converting then we ramp it up really fast like I'm not risking a ton
 Like this is the biggest one where it's like to create the video
 We had to write a $500,000 check like okay
 There's a half a million dollars right put it all in black and then you know with the launch party man
 The launch party between everything we've done is probably another three or four. I mean it's close to man
 We're also gonna be close to a million bucks like all on black like okay
 Let's go and hopefully it'll work right but the nice thing is that like because of the stability on other things
 We set up like I can take that risk and it's okay because if it's worst case scenario, it'll be okay
 You know the and I've talked about some other episodes the podcast
 you know the thing that
 So often keeps entrepreneurs from success is the fear of the worst case scenario
 You have to be able to look at the worst case scenario and be like I'm okay with that
 And if you are then you can jump forward some of our customers may ever look at the worst case scenario. We're just always
 Like we don't want to we don't want to look at like the thing that we're scared of right
 So we see the thing we want we're kind of going forward
 But there's this nagging thing in the back your head
 You're just like worst case scenario. What if I go bankrupt? What am I my wife?
 Please what if my kid think I'm a bad dad like always these fears that are happening we try to ignore them
 But because we're ignoring like there's like buzzing in our ear and our subconscious mind
 So because of that they just keep coming they keep coming and I always tell entrepreneurs like if you want to be free and like
 Be able to risk you have to stop you look back and be like what's the worst case scenario back there?
 If everything goes to crap like what happens and
 Until you're okay with that
 It's so hard to move forward. It's a lot of this we have stop is okay. What's worst case scenario?
 Okay, and I remember that but a lot of times you know
 I've had a couple times worst case scenario was bankruptcy worst case scenario was losing my house worst case in those
 Man those are scary now at the beginning a lot of times
 That's you have to take that you have to have the initial risk and you'd be okay. Okay, if I lose my house
 It's okay. If I go bankrupts could be okay
 But as you get as you start rolling up into bigger opportunities bigger risk bigger things like that
 It's nice to look back and say get worst case scenario
 There's my money on the steel. So got my house do my wife's all my kids like that security gives you the risk big
 So pay off your house. There's my advice goes against all the famous
 Investing dudes, but I think they're wrong. I think most of those guys are not for nerds like us. So
 That's what we do. We're entrepreneurs. We're risking making a world a better place and I've mentioned this on the entrepreneurial scars podcast
 The episode few few back about just like if entrepreneurs don't risk that whole world comes with screeching
 Hall like the government put in bankruptcy and all these laws all these things to protect us we can risk and so that's why it's vitally important
 Yeah, and it's it's awesome. So there you go. Here's the mirror. What?
 There you guys are we're all talking together. How cool does that look if you listen even right?
 I'm doing before watching the video marketing secrets calm. That's what you see anyway. All right guys appreciate you all my
 Back in put my kids to bed. It's been fun day
 It's from the good. That looks clean
 Try some workouts for some people to bleed out of our muscles really hurt sometimes
 Anyway, I appreciate you guys pay off your house
 It'll give you the financial stability you need to risk everything and change the world. So thanks everybody and talk to you soon
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 me.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
