 So, the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 What's up everybody?
 This is Russell.
 Welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Today, I got a really cool episode for you guys, I think, hopefully.
 And it's something that, there's a lot of things that like we're doing that people can
 see and they're aware of and there's things that are happening that people aren't aware
 of.
 And so, I just wanted to like, lift the curtain a little bit so you guys can get some ideas.
 So, part of the time, you're selling to try to sell your products and services, right?
 You're selling, why it's good, why it's amazing, stuff like that.
 And it's funny actually on Facebook, I saw an interesting thread the other day.
 It's something like, "Should I attack my competitors or should I not talk about them
 at all?"
 And it's most things that, you know, it's interesting watching the whole conversation
 because some people are like, "Don't address your customers."
 And, you know, if you have the best product, don't talk about them and all these different
 things and strategies.
 And obviously, you guys know that I talk about my competitors and we tease them and
 we poke at them and we have fun with it.
 In fact, earlier today, Stephen may or may not have launched a new video game where you
 can actually compete against, well, you have to defeat Confusionsoft to be able to fight
 against Loki pages and the drip armies.
 And it's like pretty awesome.
 So, why don't we do stuff like that?
 So, it's interesting.
 First off, it's funny.
 And so, that helps me get through the day because a lot of stuff we got to do.
 So, might as well make the day fun.
 But, second off, you look at like marketing as a whole, like marketing strategy, right?
 Because this is a big deal.
 But if you think about it, like, and there's been a bunch of books written on this.
 And so, if you want to study deeper, you should because it's interesting.
 But any differentiator dies, one of the books I talked about this, I believe.
 And anyway, but what they talk about is like in your marketplace that number two always
 needs to attack number one, right?
 So, Coke always attack, or excuse me, Pepsi always attacks Coke.
 But number one, you cannot acknowledge number two, it's the jack's of the whole thing.
 So, Coke never talks about how they beat Pepsi.
 You notice that?
 But Pepsi's always talking about Coke, okay?
 Mac versus PC when they first came out, okay?
 Mac was number two, and they were attacking PC, attacking PC.
 All the funny commercials we all remember.
 And as soon as they surpassed them, those commercials disappeared and you stopped talking
 about it.
 So, there's something about that.
 Like, if you're trying, maybe it's because the athlete in me, like, I'm a big believer,
 like, if I'm going to beat somebody, I need to find that person, identify them, and like,
 let the world know, like, this is who we're going after, and this is who we're going to
 beat.
 And after we passed, then we stopped talking about it.
 So, we don't really talk about Loki pages very often anymore.
 It's because we passed them.
 As you guys know.
 But if you just have to obviously the next target that we're trying to get bigger than
 we have more customers than them right now, I think their revenues are higher because
 they charge more for their confusing software.
 But that's another story.
 So, that's like the thing.
 So, for me, I don't mind acknowledging number one because we are gaining on them, and that's
 the plan.
 That's how it works.
 And so, I don't have any problem.
 I don't think it's just how business is done.
 It's how sports are done.
 It's how athletics are done.
 In fact, if you guys want something fun, so scroll down in the feedback before we change
 the name of this to marketing secrets when it was marketing your car.
 I did a whole episode on athletes and competition.
 And anyway, it was pretty funny, I thought.
 So, you guys should go listen to that one.
 But talk about the fact that in this business world, who are you competing against?
 These people you're competing against.
 I talk about how I was a wrestler growing up.
 So, my whole life was competition.
 It was like, who's the person that had in me?
 And then literally, in my junior year, in my first match, I lost the kid who was returning
 to stay champ.
 So, I knew that's who it is.
 And then I studied everything he did for the next entire season.
 It would practice against, I've got better and better and better and actually made them
 to stay finals.
 And I beat him.
 And that's the athletic mentality.
 We're all about competition.
 And then, in the business world, half people in the business don't have athletic background.
 Like, they were in band or choir and things like that.
 There's nothing wrong with that.
 But when you're in the choir, there's no competition.
 Like, you're just kind of hanging out and singing with each other.
 Maybe there's competition to be first seed, second seed, a little bit.
 But it's different, right?
 And so, a lot of times, we get in this playground and we're now competing in business.
 And you've got people that, excuse me, were band and they were in choir and all sorts of
 things.
 And you got someone like me whose entire life was about finding your competitor and destroying
 them publicly in front of everybody.
 So, you get your hand raised and everybody cheers for you.
 So, it's like, you have to be aware that that's who you're competing against.
 So, you can't be all mad.
 Like, oh, they're calling me out by name.
 Oh, they're competing with me.
 It's like, dude, you're competing against a wrestler who this whole entire life, that's
 all he's cared about.
 Like, of course, that's going to be my goal.
 That's how I'm going to go.
 Anyway, there's a whole podcast about it.
 You should listen to if you scroll down to the iTunes feed.
 But anyway, so there's some background on what we're talking about.
 But what I wanted to talk to you guys about is this concept that we call seeds of doubt.
 Okay?
 And so, what are seeds of doubt?
 These are things that if you watch what I do, you'll see me placing all the time, these
 little seeds of doubt in the competitors.
 Because a lot of times, I'm going to talk about something and I know that somebody is
 using confusion software, they're using lead page or whatever that thing is, right?
 They're using something else.
 And I'm coming in and looking at me and they're like, "We all ship over here.
 I can't shift over."
 And so I understand that.
 So instead of me just trying to convince them in a hard sell, I'm going to place a
 whole bunch of seeds of doubt.
 So that from that moment forward for the rest of their waking hours, and hopefully they're
 sleeping hours too, if I do right, they're going to be thinking about that thing, that
 seed of doubt, about the thing that they're using.
 And it's always kind of running their head like, "Oh, what if?
 What if?
 Okay, if you were a funnel hacking live, I did a whole presentation.
 In fact, if you were to follow up funnels.com, you can see that presentation.
 But I talked about actually where we're going and finished stuff like that.
 And throughout that presentation, I'm placing a whole bunch of seeds and doubt in our competitors.
 Like I talked about, if you're using email marketing, I talked about how many times I
 got shut down by Aweber, eye contact, MailChimp, like, infusion stuff, like, all those things.
 And even if you love those systems, all of a sudden, you're like, "Wow, Russell's been
 shut down nine times by Aweber, eleven times, all these different things I got shut down
 by."
 And you're like, "Oh, man, now that seed of doubt is there.
 Now you're paranoid."
 And so then the whole time you're using your thing, you're like, "What if I shut down,
 what if I shut down, what if I shut down?"
 And most of you probably will eventually.
 So like, it's not that I'm doing this like maliciously, like, it's a truth.
 It's a truth to happen to me over and over and over again.
 But I'm placing that seed of doubt so that people are aware of it, right?
 I just purchased a product from somebody who was using an infusion stuff or a form.
 I filled up my whole credit card information and took me seven steps.
 Seven steps after the credit card was in, seven clicks, sorry, seven clicks to give them the
 money.
 I wanted them to take my money.
 It took seven more clicks to actually give them money.
 I was annoyed by that, but instead of just being annoyed by it, I want to talk about
 it right now, by the way.
 I'm talking about it through different platforms I'm on.
 I just mentioned, like, I try to buy this thing from somebody using an infusion stuff
 or a form, seven clicks.
 Like, I would have known most people would have left.
 If I didn't want the products about it, I would have left.
 And like, every click in your sales process, you lose the percentage of people, right?
 So my whole mind's always like, how do we shorten the distance?
 I want to make sure that there's as few clicks possible to get somebody from where they're
 starting to where I want them to end.
 Because the more every click you lose somebody, but just after, because we're getting the
 credit card, typing it and submitting, there's seven clicks.
 Okay?
 So that's what you're getting when you're using infusion stuff, right?
 So I just did it.
 I placed a seat of doubt because I were like, well, how many clicks are in my order form?
 Oh crap.
 Well, that's like the standard.
 Like, you have to admit if I'm using that system, like, huh, and then you start wondering
 like this whole time, like, what if I'm losing sales and money?
 And like, that thought was keep pecking away at your mind and keep thinking and keep sitting
 there and see it down.
 Eventually, it'll sprout at the point.
 You're like, I'm losing a lot of money.
 It's time to make this shift.
 It's time to do the right thing.
 And that's my whole goal because I know that not everyone's gonna sign up today, but they're
 gonna sign up eventually.
 I always tell people it's not a matter of if you're gonna become a member of ClickFunnels
 this when.
 So my goal is like, if it's not right now, I need to place the seeds of doubt so that
 throughout your system, you're always thinking about like me coming and doing that thing.
 And when's it gonna happen and how's it gonna happen and things like that?
 So that's kind of the concept of the seeds of doubt.
 So as you're doing your marketing, it's not just like, I don't know if somebody has an
 like, where do I place my seed of doubt?
 It's like, no, it's not like, it's like you're sprinkling that in as you're doing stuff,
 as you're doing Snapchat or Instagram as your podcast or your videos or your, whatever
 it is like wherever you're at, like, you're just sprinkling those seeds of doubt against
 your competitors and making those things known.
 So people aware of like, wow, I didn't realize that that was even a thing.
 I want to make sure those things are out there and that people aware of them.
 So that's kind of the concept and it's a, it's a really good thing.
 In fact, in wrestling, we would do the same kind of things with our opponents, right?
 We go to tournament and like during way and you'd see who, you'd see who were in your
 weight class and stuff and it's always kind of like a mental game because you're like,
 oh my gosh, that guy looks bigger than me.
 You know, all these kind of things was like how you place seeds of doubt.
 Like a lot of it has you with your confidence.
 Sometimes you like how you shake the person's hand, like all those kind of things because
 in sports and business in most things, honestly, it's a lot less of like the physical and a
 lot more of the mental.
 It's funny when I started doing Jiu Jitsu, I'm not a Jiu Jitsu guy, I'm a wrestler, but
 I started doing Jiu Jitsu and it was funny because I think it was my second or my third
 term when I went to, I went out and I'm up a weight class because I was kind of overweight
 at the time.
 So I'm up at like almost heavy weights.
 You guys are big dudes I'm going against and most of them do Jiu Jitsu for a couple years.
 Like they're blue belts and I think it's brown after that and whatever and I just, I
 just came in, I don't have any belt at all, I just do no geese, you don't actually have
 a belt.
 So I came out there and something went out there, I was like, these guys are going to
 kill me, I don't know what I'm doing.
 But I was like, because of that, like I have to place seeds of doubt in their mind that
 they are going to be able to beat me fast.
 Otherwise, I'm going to be choked out and tapped out really quick.
 So what I did is my very first match because everyone's like your weight class, like everyone
 is sitting close to each other in the mat.
 So I came out and I'm like, okay, I'm a Jiu Jitsu guy, but I'm a wrestler.
 I got to scare this first guy.
 So I came out and said like coming in and doing like the Jiu Jitsu thing where they,
 I came out like a wrestler and came in and started running out and started to bounce
 head boom boom boom, pushing and pushing, not to do it over.
 And the guy falls out of bounds and he gets up and you see, like I placed the seed of
 doubt and his eyes were just like, oh crap, he walks back in the circle.
 And at that point it was like everything shifted, his whole countenance, he was like
 nervous and awkward and like, I thought it was easy, it was like wrestling like a little
 soft puppy, it was so easy after that, right?
 But what was cool was that all the other guys sitting around the mat, they saw that as well
 and they were looking in and they're like, oh my gosh, and then I was like, each of
 them, when I did, I wrestled my role with it, it's like all the Jiu Jitsu and I rolled
 the other guys, I came out there and it was funny because as soon as I came out there,
 I could see in their eyes and all of them started backing up and they were just like,
 because they didn't want me to rush, they didn't want that pressure that I was bringing
 and you could see in their eyes and then that just spurred me more, but that seeded
 out was set and it was just like all these guys who are bigger, stronger, faster and
 better at Jiu Jitsu who probably should have beat me if they would have had the mental
 belief that they could, they didn't because they had to see the doubt and they were like,
 I don't know what to do and that's like, that's all it takes, so I hope that helps you guys.
 It's kind of fun, think about how you could do that in your communication with your audience
 and help the helps and that's all I got for you guys today.
 Thanks so much for everything you guys and tonight we're actually launching Funnel Hacker
 TV, the TV show and all, so if you go to Funnel Hacker.tv you can see behind the scenes show
 I think I ate episodes of that right now and tonight we're having the first full, I'm
 not sure we can call it, full documentary or whatever and then some other cool thing
 you go to Funnel Hacker.tv, check that out and then you'll notice at the top there's
 some cool tabs, I want to take you to the marketing secrets, which is this podcast,
 I want to take you to the blog and anyway I'll share with you guys the strategy behind
 that in the near future but I think it's pretty cool.
 So that's like it, you guys, thanks so much for everything and I'll talk to you soon.
 Bye.
 Want more marketing secrets? If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets and you can get a free copy at expertseekers.com
 and book number two is called .comseekers and you can get your free copy at .comseekers.com.
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest
 growing non-VC backed, fast startup company in the world.
 (upbeat music)
