 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I want to go a little Tony Robbins on you if you're okay with that
 we've been dealing with some hard things and
 Something learned from Tony about eight or nine years ago has helped me and I wanted to share with you guys as well
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so I'm not gonna go to specifics
 But I think everybody especially in the last year has gone through
 Part things challenges things that are frustrating things don't make sense things make you angry things make you sad
 And it's it's hard
 Anyway, I think for the most part most of the stuff I talk about is the fun stuff and exciting things and
 I think that the maybe the positives and the negatives of social media and and all the things we do is it usually we share
 Our highlight real which hopefully inspires people and things like that, but there's also the other side
 we don't talk about so often, but it's there and
 You know, we've had a lot of I think like everybody a lot of ups and downs, especially over the last
 12 months or so
 But you know, we recently had one that's been the toughest by by far again
 I'm not gonna talk about the details at all, but as I as my family I've been kind of
 Navigating this and going through it. The one thing that keeps coming back to me is it's interesting. It's this um
 This thing that I learned from Tony Robbins
 Very first time I went to UPW. So I didn't know how long ago was it was
 And over 10 maybe 12 probably 12 years ago dang
 anyway, so that
 The time I was UPW is actually was right after Jim Rohn had just passed away
 which was interesting and Jim Rohn was Tony Robbins first mentor and he passed away and the event was like three days later and so
 We're in this event and of course Tony starts talking about his mentor
 He just passed away and he talks about how obviously how sad it was for them and then he started talking about this concept
 And he expanded on other events. I wanted to be talked about
 the meaning that we attach the things and
 it was interesting because
 Because so many of us experienced the same things right
 But the meaning that we attach to things is is how we end up feeling and and how we cope with things, right?
 And so for example, we said when Jim Rohn first passed away his first
 You know you hear the first initial news and your your mind automatically touches a meaning to it, right?
 Here's the news boom
 Here's in the meaning and the whatever meaning is attached to it
 That's how you feel about the situations who said by default the meaning he got was like oh my gosh
 I meant to die. This is so sad like I wish I could have talked to him
 I wish and all these things right and this was meaning is it this this thing is so sad and so hard and it's because of me
 It was hard. He's like for the first couple days. I can I struggled. I was really struggling, but
 He's like as I was as I stopped and I was able to sit back. I
 Should notice like what was the meaning that I put to this like the his death and like the meaning was man like you know
 I wasn't ready for him to go
 You know it was too early like all these things that he's like that was the meaning that my brain by default attaching
 I was able to step away and become conscious of the meaning that attached
 I was able to think about like well
 What what meaning would I like to attach this event?
 I can change the meaning and so he sat back and he said I'm gonna change the meaning instead of saying
 You know this is this is such a horrible thing
 It's like I'm gonna change the meaning it's like man. I'm so grateful for the time I had with him like I'm so grateful for things
 I learned from him like such a such an amazing man and
 He lived such a great life like how amazing it was and and so he shifted the meaning
 It's like when I shifted the meaning like the feeling was different
 I went from being sad to being like man. This is such a I was so grateful for this person and
 Again such a such a tiny little shift, but
 So powerful and as I've been experiencing dealing with things
 Over the last little while I've been trying to be more conscious to like what what things in my brain attack
 What's the meaning that my brain attaches by default?
 When an experience happens and typically when it's a sad or a tragic or a hard experience your brain defaults to like the worst thing
 right I'm slapping that label on slapping that meaning and if you can learn to
 You know to step back from the initial what your brain quickly mean you know labels something on you can you can shift things right?
 like for example someone walks up to you and
 They slap you in the face like the meaning is gonna attach like this person to slap me
 I'm gonna slap him back and boom and also like the scuffle happens right, but if it's an Islam she face you stop
 You're like, what's the meaning like why do they do that?
 What's the purpose been like? Oh my gosh the person slapped me because they thought that whatever and it's like you come back
 No, no wait
 like let me explain like and you can she can diffuse the situation you can change it by by shifting the the meaning that you're
 attaching to it and
 Something that Tony talked about later was a date with destiny talked about
 becoming a master of
 Master meaning maker. So what's the meaning you're gonna attach like making the meaning and so you can you start dissociating yourself from like the thing
 That your brain immediately attaches and saying okay experience happens and stopping like what's the meaning of them?
 I'm gonna choose to apply this to this situation because the event that just happened right now you apply a different meaning and it's like oh
 I know for me like
 Man, especially social media know that social media triggers all of us right where you see something see somebody post something and like and like all the triggers
 start happening you start firing your brain you want to like do I like unleash your wrath upon them in the comments and
 What I've been trying to do really quickly is stop and looking in the same. Okay, I'm gonna assume that this person has really good intentions
 But they're posting I don't you know agree with it, but I do agree that most people do things out of good intentions
 Even if I feel they're misguided or whatever, but they have good intentions
 Right like I believe politically people in the left and in the right and in the middle and all sorts of all the place like
 Everyone's acting out of good intentions. They're all they're all doing what they think is right
 Even though I think some people are completely wrong. It doesn't matter. They think I'm completely wrong
 Right and so it's like when they post something I have the meaning of like oh, they're evil. They're bad
 They're right like that's the initial default is come back saying wait wait
 Instead what if I attached the meaning that that person has a good intentions
 I may not agree with them, but man
 They're they're doing the best based on what they think is right right and then we see it's like how people parent how people
 Vote how people you know all these things and it's it's it's tough because we want to we want to fight want to be right
 What I've been trying to do is step back and not default comment not default fight back
 But instead come back say okay the medium attached that person's common is not that they're dumb or they're wrong or they're whatever
 It's just like that person thinks that they're doing what's best for for them. They've good intentions
 I love them for the fact that they're they're doing their best based on the knowledge they have and
 And it's hard. I'm gonna tell you it's hard
 Sure, all of you guys have struggled with that but for me that's I'm trying to do
 For a lot of reasons one is it's keeping my sanity on something
 Number two, it's helping me to be happier through the hot these hard times, right some tragic and horrible happens
 It's like okay. There's there's different meanings. We can attach this like it's not fair. It's not like it's why did it have to happen?
 Why did we know all these things or can make man?
 What's you know, what's the blessing this what's the like? What's the shift? What's the thing we can we can change?
 And so I know it's not an easy thing
 It's not something that's gonna be like oh cool to start applying different meetings by default
 But I do promise you that in most situations our brains will slap the worst possible meaning on every situation
 And if we can look at that and stop and pause and become conscious of it and step back and say okay
 I'm gonna choose a different meaning. This is the meaning I'm gonna attach instead is that all those persons confused
 They slapped me because they didn't they didn't know who I was they thought I was the wrong person or they didn't understand the situation
 Let me step back and step punching him back and escalate this thing into a to a bloodbath
 Which is actually fun. I'm all for fighting, but
 I'm just kidding
 Instead it's come back say whoa okay, they attached the wrong me. That's why they do this thing
 Let me let me try to help them understand like I didn't you know and coming back like me have an argument like I wasn't trying to be rude like I
 I was
 This is my the meaning that I attached this and this is the reason and this is why anyway. I hope that helps
 I'll share this with my
 My mom is last week. So
 Obviously I know this whole you know
 In the covid situation, there's all these things the vaccines and my mom and I have
 Have very differing opinions on the vaccine what you should do and we should not do and I'm not gonna
 I'm not gonna get political or talk like it's it's up to everybody individually. Do your own research and figure out what's right for you, right?
 Um, my mom and I definitely have different
 opinions on it and
 She's very strong on one side. I'm very strong on the other side and so we had this
 conversation and
 You know in a spot where I wanted to get defensive and I wanted to
 try to point out my point of view and and
 you know
 Try to prove through all my facts and all that the you know the the logic and reasoning I have
 um
 I'm sure she wanted the same thing when she told me and I was able to
 To understand like she's doing this based on what she thinks is best for her and her best intentions
 and I have to love her then I have to respect for this her decisions is not my decisions and
 You know and if I want her to love and respect my decisions and I need to respect hers and so it was able to
 you know turn something that probably a conversation that would have turned heated and frustrated and probably
 Burned some some bridges for a while into something where it's like look I love you and I respect you and um, I'm gonna
 let you
 Do what you feel is best. I'm gonna do it. I feel is best and and we just love each other respect each other the other day
 And the meaning is not like oh
 This person's dumb or they're wrong or they're whatever you want
 You know whatever meaning I by default want to attach the situation
 Which makes me want to come fight and and argue and all sorts of sorts stuff that shipped it back like no
 Instead of instead of that
 Um, the medium is going to attach is that this is what they feel is best for them and I love them and I want them
 Maybe I'm wrong. I don't know maybe I'm not wrong. I don't think I'm wrong
 But it's their their opinion. It's what they think is best for them and so
 I'm gonna love them respect them for that and support them and and
 And just pray for for them and and that's kind of it. So anyway
 I noticed a little different podcast episode, but I just wanted to give you guys that tool because something's been helping me a lot
 um, especially last week or so
 and
 Yeah, it's just was we're navigating these difficult times any tools we can use help and
 Learning about meaning and how to create your own becoming a master of creating your own meanings
 I learned from tony a decade ago now something that i'm using more and more and it's been super helpful for me
 So I hope that helps
 Remember that your brain is going to slap a meaning on it by default
 It's going to be the worst possible one that's going to cause you to
 You know to to want to fight or flight or whatever that that that thing is it's like your job to constantly stop
 And and pick the meaning pick the meaning that serves you the most not the one that's going to cause them
 Turmoil in your life and when you shift the meaning it shifts it shifts the the energy it shifts the focus and it can change your destiny
 So hope to help you guys. I appreciate you all. Thanks for listening if you haven't studied everything tony's ever put out
 Please do it it'll make you better. It'll make you happier. It'll make um life so much more full. I promise you it has been for me
 um grateful for him and his teachings and um, but that said appreciate you guys and
 Good luck learning how to attach your own meanings and things thanks again. It will talk soon
 Hey, this is Russell again and earlier today I recorded the podcast about meaning and I just been thinking a lot about that over the last little bit and just wanted to
 Jump back in real quick and just add a couple more thoughts just
 For those who may not, you know, maybe didn't
 It can actually yet because um, I wasn't very good at giving examples and I'm thinking more about it
 It's like some examples I think about meaning in my life that I attached like for example when my kids do something on my attach like oh
 Like they like I'm a bad dad because that or I you know I
 My kids are lazy or my you know all these different things that we may attach
 You know I think a lot of times we beat ourselves up or beat other people up because we're attaching these different meanings to different experiences and things that are happening
 Whereas sieve saying again, you know, oh, I'm a bad dad. It's like oh my kids are just
 They have a lot of energy or I need to you know, how do I how do I better explain this to understand that the importance of it or whatever
 That thing might be right. It's just shifting that that meaning away from a lot of times of blame on us or blame on other people
 Or opinions or judgments for other people to have more love and respect and
 Understanding that everybody's kind of trying their their best and so I just want to kind of add that in there
 I was thinking also I showed the conversation a little bit my mom and I and it's interesting because
 You know on on her side. She's sharing me her thoughts and she's so
 emotional because she's
 You know, she's scared for me because of my decisions and I'm very scared for her because of her decisions
 And so we have the same
 Underlining fear for each other. Um, yeah, we have the opposite beliefs on the topic and so it's tough and it's like
 it's it's hard when
 When both people are trying to do the right thing, right?
 Um, and so coming back and when the meaning becomes like his personally loves me and they really care and
 This is their choices and that's what they feel is right and I have to respect them. I love them for that
 I'm just like I'm hoping that they will do the same thing for me. It's just shifting those shifting those meanings
 So anyway, I just want to kind of add that in there for anybody who's trying to make it more real for themselves and think about it
 Think about the times in your life when you're you feel guilty. I'm a bad mom and bad dad
 I'm a bad boss. I'm a bad employee. I'm a bad worker
 I'm a you know all the the guilt that we take on ourselves because we all do it and shifting that meaning
 It's something different. So anyway, there's my addendum to the end of the podcast. I hope that helps shed a little bit more light
 Um, anyway, thanks for listening. Appreciate you all and we'll talk soon
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone
 And then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 I'll let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
