 What's up everybody this is Russell welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast as I told you in the last episode
 Tony and Dean are either about to start or in the middle of their next big product launch and
 As I was going through and preparing for launch I found so many cool things
 I want to share with you guys that you know
 I probably shared you guys a year ago, but it's been a year and it's just a kind of a fun refresher
 So a year ago actually for the launch I interviewed Tony and it was kind of a it's kind of me
 You know being sneaky because as you guys know
 I'm working on my first personal development book and I was like I got some questions for Tony
 He's launching a product so I'm like hey Tony can I interview you for my
 Podcast and ask you some questions and we'll put your course. It's like I was time with Tony which was insane
 It was a really fun interview. You won't be able to see the visually
 Maybe you'll see on the podcast cover, but Tony was house as my office
 We had him blown up on the big screens on the interview and him and it was just it was just awesome
 So I'm gonna let you guys listen on this interview with me and Tony it'll use some ideas from
 Things I'm trying to learn from him to go put inside my book
 Which I think you're really gonna enjoy
 Such a fun experience. Ah and I'm looking to be a role right now on the on the page and watching this crazy interview Tony
 It was insane. So I hope you guys enjoy this one again
 if you're listening this we're probably in the middle of their big product lunch and
 We put together an amazing bonus offer that'll be live here when they're off for those live
 If you want to see what that is all you get to do is go to take the challenge calm take the challenge calm is where
 You'll see my bonus offer if you decide to sign for Tony Dean's offer
 Which they like cut the price in half this year
 Which is crazy they added more stuff and got the price in half
 So it's it's an amazing offer you should be the same not to get it. How about that?
 So I know I hope you guys enjoyed this interview with me and Tony Robbins. Thanks so much
 And I'll see you guys on the next episode
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson I'm here today with the one and only Tony Robbins
 And we're gonna be talking about a whole bunch of really cool things right now
 There's a challenge coming up right now next actually is happening right now
 Is this is being recorded and a lot of you guys watching called the owner future challenge and we'll talk more about that here in a minute
 But before we do I have this really unique and exciting opportunity to ask Tony a couple questions
 And so I hope you guys enjoy some of the questions like I'm gonna be enjoying this because
 He's someone I've been studying and learning from now for man probably
 20 something years had a chance to know you now for probably 13 14 years, which is really really cool
 And it's not often I could ask you questions. So now I got you for 20 or 30 minutes. I'm excited to do that
 So how are you how are you feeling today Tony? I'm gonna ask somebody
 Well, obviously the challenge
 We're gonna be talking about more towards the ends now owning your future like this is this thing that we're trying to go towards
 And you know especially right now after all of the the season we've all been through where there's so much chaos and change and everything now
 It's like okay
 Let's get background and look towards the future
 But I wanted to kind of start off probably differently than some people have asked you just because I'm in the middle of working on a book
 Right now and in the book I'm trying to figure out this thing that I heard originally from you
 You talked about this concept of the science of achievement versus the art of fulfillment and this something in my life
 Especially as I'm trying to own my future and try to go this direction
 I've found multiple times like I've achieved something in my life and then
 expecting to be super fulfilled and excited and having almost the opposite effect happen
 I'd love to hear some your thoughts about just those two like the yin yang between achievement and fulfillment and maybe
 Why they're not exactly the same and how we can how we can have more success feeling fulfilled when we do have success
 I was trying very years ago was trying to figure out like how do you really define an extraordinary life, right?
 Not just success success for most people. I think means getting what they want
 I think fulfillment is given what you're made for and I think that the challenge for most people is as we're growing up
 And we're developing our skill and our ability to start the master our world
 There's at least in Western culture
 There's a huge push for us all to be achievers and most of us have been so rewarded for that
 I'm you're under you know your podcast because of it you're doing podcast because we've both have managed to pull that off
 But as you've discovered is you know, you know what 41 did you say? Yep 41
 Yeah 41 years old. There's a stage your life. We start to wake up and go, you know, it's not enough to just be successful
 It's not enough to just be financially free. You know, I know that sounds crazy to someone who's not there yet
 But you don't have to wait until your financial free to have this sense of fulfillment
 So what I propose to people is that life requires two master skills skill number one is the science of achievement
 Which means the ability to take whatever you envision and make it real right turn invisible into the visible to me?
 That's a spiritual process
 But how do I go from I have this idea to living that idea or delivering that idea to millions of people around the world to me
 That's science and the reason I say that is science is because it's duplicative
 Like, you know, I want to make more money. I can go as I did interview a hundred of the smartest
 Manchin people in the world and find out exactly what they did
 And they all did different things but there's certain universal patterns that I did money masterly game and unshakable and so forth
 And when you understand them if you if you sow the same seeds you read the same reward
 So in the financial world into science, right? That's achievement if you're looking at your house
 It's a certain amount of science meaning we're all biochemically unique right Russell
 But everybody has certain fundamentals and if you violate them you're gonna have disease or low energy
 Right if you align with them, you're gonna have an abundance of vitality energy and strength. So that's science
 But fulfillment is an art. That's why I said there's two skills right the science of achievement
 Which you can duplicate and learn and I've talked for decades
 You have as well you'd extraordinary job of it
 But then the art of fulfillment and the reason I call it the art is because it isn't the science because it's different for every single person
 That's why most people miss out of firstly miss out of their so focused on achievement and they think that's gonna build
 But I asked your audience, you know even yourself think of something you and I talked about this over
 I think it's something you would cheat that you worked your tail off to achieve and then your teeth and then your brain said
 Is this all there is? Yeah or worse, you know
 How about something you achieve and you really were happy about it
 But how long did you stay happy?
 You made this incredible achievement took two years to get to where you happy for the next five years because of it?
 The next year the next six months and next three months
 Next morning you wake up
 Most people are somewhere between three hours and three weeks maximum
 Before they go right back to where they were because the brain adjusts
 It adjusts because we're not made to sit around and just be fulfilled
 We're made to grow and so the great part of achievement is it causes you to strive for growth
 Problem is people just keeping a hamster on the wheel trying to jeep more and they aren't making sure along the way they're fulfilled
 So I believe these are both critically important if you ask me honestly, which one's more important
 It's fulfillment because success without fulfillment is the ultimate failure. I mean I interviewed
 50 self-made billionaires the smartest financial investors in the history of the world for
 Money Master game like dude over two and a half years and about maybe 12 or 13 of them are really good friends now
 And I can tell you how do I do 50 and this is zero judgment
 Maybe four of them are happy people now you all see money makes you unhappy
 No money just magnifies who you are you're a meaner more to be mean with if you're giving a more to give
 But it doesn't change anything but these people that they're not that people are brilliant people
 But they're so brilliant in one area and they missed the fulfillment side to see one of these men
 You know arguing with this wife and kid because they bought some jewelry that I think was around
 $2,500 the guy is a multi-multibillionaire
 Couldn't spend all his money and all the years to get it done with in his own family
 Because of his mindset, you know, there are some people for example, you know
 Paul Tudor was with me the other day and he was talking about a neighbor because I won't mention a name
 But the guy's in a 40 million dollar home. He goes over with his young son
 This is a few years ago Paul Tudor and the guy has his own, you know, grass
 Pinniscort and Paul's that I've never seen that part of Paul's a billionaire with the smartest financial people in the world and
 Bottom Lady goes that your son opened one of a can of balls
 The son I think was like five or six or seven at the time and the guy went crazy
 You know those balls when you open them up they lose their pressure of $298
 I was like, okay, I'll give you the $3, you know, so some people it doesn't matter how much they achieve
 They're not experiencing the fulfillment and it's more people than you would think that's just an extreme example
 We have people's attention. So my old thing is the art of the film is finding what might you have?
 And it's different for everybody now if you can find a way to achieve every fulfilled
 That's pretty awesome, but most people get so caught up in achievement
 They miss that on their side. There's a
 You think about the guys that you know the first of all ask about walked on the moon
 How you got to think about these guys imagine you were the hundred thousand people competing to be an astronaut walk on the moon and then it's
 Got a 10,000 and it's a thousand and it's a hundred and then you're up in the state scaps of with this rocket structure
 Back and don't know so sure is gonna make it and you make it to the moon you walk on the moon you come back
 You make it safely there's a ticker tape frame for you in New York City
 You shake the presents and now what do you do for the rest of your life for adventure?
 34 years old and 35 gentlemen what they were but I did search for 35
 So I got to interview three of them like later on the life
 Almost all of them ended up with drug and alcohol problems and they talked about it quite openly because they forgot to find adventure and smile
 So they got this one big achievement and how long does that last it's a story?
 But the emotion of it, you know
 It's not the same as the years go like this. We're made to keep growing. What makes you fulfill is growth
 You want to what makes you happy? It's called progress progress equals happiness if you're making progress
 Even if you're not there yet, you're gonna be lit up your weight isn't where you want it to be
 But sure enough you decide to start out a process and you're better physically you lose a few inches
 We feel some energy and momentum you're lit up. You're the ideal way and you just stay there
 No progress
 Then feel for our lives we have to find a way to make progress and it's different for everybody
 Some people find it in music some people find it by serving you know
 They're not profit some people find it with their kids
 But you got to find what lets you up and again it's different forever
 Some curious people who are going through this the only future challenge they're gonna be given a very scientific
 Here's the steps to have success in one area of something right
 And so like what would be the biggest thing for them?
 Or you just one thing they could anchor themselves as they're going through that to make sure that they're not missing the fulfillment
 During this journey they're kind of going through I think it's helpful to think of this in sequences because it's hard for the human
 Brain to do everything right you know if you're doing really great in your business often you're not to hear your body
 Or if you're doing good in your business and your body off in your relationship doesn't get enough time work your relations
 You're doing great. You don't spend that time with your kids
 You know if your kids are doing great off some time your finances are straight
 So it's the nature of human being to focus on what they're good at and miss the others, but you know
 I love studying different philosophies
 Philosophy or even religion if you step out of it. What is religion designed to be and there are many great religions around the world
 I'm personally Christian
 That's what I believe but I I don't tell people what to believe but whatever you believe
 It's designed to guide you to create a greater quality of life and regardless of what I made
 Subscribe to I like to learn from every philosophy because we're all human and I go to India usually about twice
 About once every two years
 I think a group of people bear and we go to a place called baronassi
 It's one of the oldest cities in the world. It's like 3,800 years old and what's striking about this location is the people come there because they believe in their religion in
 The Hindu religion if you die in baronassi you go to heaven
 You don't come back their idea of hell is coming back and we living everything right river and so
 They have this experience when somebody dies there
 They believe that they don't come back and they're so happy to die and they're not so crowded people are dying there
 I try to save a lady
 I was actually helping a lady was being helped by the Mother Teresa group and she was angry because she wanted to die
 We need to do people messing with me and then they carry the bodies there and they burn the bodies
 They've been burning bodies 24 speakers
 There's what's stacked about five story high and then those ashes of the person are putting the ganjis and no one cries
 Because they see the body burning as the t-shirts gone another spirit is really
 So I tell you that because you don't have to subscribe to something to say wow that's fascinating
 No pain and death they have this total trust in the universe or God or whatever term you want to use
 But they also have what they believe are the four aims of life and they think about a minute sequence
 And I think it's sometimes useful for people so if you want to jot them down the first one in the sequence is called artha
 A R T H a it's one of the first aims of life and what it really is is security and prosperity
 And so if you don't have security and prosperity, it's really hard to enjoy the central parts of life
 You know for any six-standard way, it's really hard to feel your sense of purpose when you're worried about whether you can feed your family
 It's really hard to feel that highest spiritual sense. It doesn't you can't it just means it's harder
 And so the Indian culture understands that instead of saying this is bad or not spiritual
 They say finding your prosperity or security
 Finding the way to do useful work that you feel good about that you know is helpful
 But also get you to an economic place where your prosperous is one of the first aims of life
 And then when you get that automatically the other dimensions start to open up now you don't have to wait
 But it's useful to remember that is where we start. That's where I start. It's where we all start
 Right. How do I make sure my family's taken care of? We don't have enough money for food when I was a kid
 So this was an obsession for me to be able to do so well
 We don't have to worry about that stuff, but it's not non-spiritual
 It's about saying this is part of life is anchoring in the science of achievement
 Think of it that way, right?
 But then the next level is called comma K-A-M-A
 And that's pleasure
 And it's like okay now that you have security and prosperity as a base and it's strong
 You don't have to wait till then the next thing you start developing is like enjoying more of life
 Pleasure is the driving force of life. You gotta find what gives you pleasure. That don't just mean sensuality
 I mean can be art it can be music. It can be serving. It's all the different textures of life
 Because without pleasure life's pretty dead
 So instead of going oh my god, what am I gonna do is like, okay, let me go to this challenge
 Figure out how to get my security and prosperity down. Let me figure a new vehicle
 Let me figure out how to get money chasing me
 Instead of me chasing money. That's really what this challenge starts out with
 And then the common side is like how much can I enjoy along the way while I'm learning?
 How much can I enjoy learning?
 Just the experience how much can I enjoy building this business from the very beginning or taking business there to the next level
 That's part of what come is is finding the pleasure and the expansion and the appreciation of life
 And then the third level is what you and I probably most focused on would be a Dharma
 Dharma is like, okay, I got so much security and prosperity and I'm no it gives me pleasure in life
 And I found useful work. It's like, okay, what's my entire purpose?
 What is that deeper purpose for me at this stage of my life?
 And a lot of people overvalue this because they try to make it something huge
 You know for me, it's like my purpose is like I just held this
 long mission statement for my life is the most passionate playful outrageous enjoyable generous giving
 Example of God's grace as I serve millions of people in the mouth like how can I help?
 Because that's really what it is. It's like I feel when I'm serving I feel alive
 So the number one question I thought is how can I help?
 Whenever something's coming in that's the question. It's a burning question
 And it's a beautiful question because it brings joy and love to me and to them because most people are happy to have some help
 from some who sincerely cares
 And it's not like I have all the answers
 It's just I have a lot of them because I've made it 61 years and I've traveled to
 150 countries around the world and dealt with tens of millions of people
 So I'm fortunate I could be an idiot. I should have ways to be able to help
 So it's like finding what is it?
 What is that way of life that is true for you at this stage?
 You've got enough security and prosperity and a pleasure. It's like what what's it all about?
 And then ultimately it leads to what they call motion and
 MLK moksha. MLK. That's H.A. I believe it's how they pronounce it.
 I spell it
 And that's your unity with God. Now does that say you're not unified with God at the beginning?
 Of course not
 It's just like there's a point where that really becomes the priority in somebody's life
 And in their view, yes, you work on all four of them
 But you are going to end the beginning put more focus on securing your life and getting so monies
 You're not chasing money money chasing you and you have freedom for your family, right?
 You're going to the beginning of being more focused on hopefully enjoying the pleasures of learning and growing and expanding and building something so you don't miss out
 And then you certainly want to figure out what your
 Sense but again, most people trying to make it so big so they'll feel significant when really it's just what lights you up
 And if you do all those things it leads to a greater connection to the universe God whatever you want to call it
 So, you know, even though I'm not Indian
 And I'm Christian. I still think that
 General philosophy is a helpful way to look at your life and also keep you reading yourself up
 Because a lot of us are pretty hard including you Russell. I know you really well on ourselves
 We expect ourselves to be everything perfect every moment every time and life is a journey and growing. It's like I always tell people, you know
 What is what makes you successful? Good judgment making good decisions
 What is good judgment come from experience
 Where's experience come from often bad judgment
 When I try to do my life was take the bad judgments and the good judgments and say let me compress decades in a day
 And share with you so you don't have to learn about trial and error show you the shortcuts to those things
 And that's what I've done with all my events books challenges and everything else. Oh, so cool. Okay, the next question I want to ask you about
 because
 When I first first upw
 Upw I came to was in Toronto. I'm really bad at years
 But probably 12 14 years ago something like that
 And at the time I had I had some level success
 But there were a lot of times in my life where I felt like I was doing this personal development trying to grow
 And I was trying to contribute I was going through growth and contribution
 But sometimes I feel like I had my foot on the the gas at one moment and I thought on the break at the other time
 And I'm spinning around and I'm just like why am I not moving?
 I was so frustrated and one of the the tools that you give at upw that was
 For me probably the the first like big aha I got from you and I had so many sense of it
 It was the one that like was the paradigm shift where I was like, okay
 The students now ready to listen to everything you're saying and that's when you start talking about six human needs
 And I looked at it because I was looking at growth and contribution
 Which are the needs of the spirit and these are the things I was focusing on like how do I grow myself?
 How do I contribute?
 But the but I kept like falling back because of the needs of the body or needs of the personality those four needs and
 Because I didn't have those things in order and you know, we're out of whack or they would be for a little while
 Organized I could go over here, but then something would happen
 I'd slip back into him and and those kept me from progressing until I learned how to manage those things and get him a spot where
 My needs were being met then I could go and focus on growth and contribution
 And I think in this challenge people are going to be inspired to start doing growth and contribution
 But I don't want them to be like I was where I had the foot on the gas going forward the foot on the break
 I would love if you could talk just a little bit about the the four needs of the body and how
 How we can like take care of those to make sure that you know, we're able to actually go and focus on on growth and contribution
 Well, it kind of ties in a little bit where I would just say, jang, I just got to give it to another angle
 But you're you're very a student this year. So for people that don't know
 Uh early in my life early, I don't know maybe 10 to 15 years into my career, you know, I've been doing it for 44 years
 Um, I remember I you know, I traveled to more than 100 countries and I started seeing the same patterns
 Like, you know, obviously when you go to Asia, there's different values like people value the group more than the individuals saving
 Face is critical in Asia. It's very different in america, right?
 So I noticed those differences, but what I noticed them in a word went was you saw the same problems the same arguments the same problems in relationships
 The same issues with people's body is, you know, same financial issues
 And I began to realize like, you know, what we do get conditioned
 Our goals our dreams our desires may come from some of our conditioning our life experience
 But there's certainly an inherent needs that all human beings have and I came up with six
 Not from a book just some seeing people and then playing with it back and forth until I could see that I could cover everything that human beings really do
 And so the bottom line is I found that certainty was the basic fundamental human need of all human beings
 The need to be certain you could avoid pain and then you could have ideally some pleasure for comfort
 Think of it as certainty slash comfort
 We all want that because without certainty comfort we have pain with continuous pain. We got damage continuous damage equals that
 So it's actually survival instinct
 Uh, the difference though is that I started as I went through these six needs I started seeing everybody has them
 But as I will describe them usually fast
 There is a difference and the difference is how you value them like for some people certainly is the number one thing in life
 If you change anything they get upset if you move things on their desk, they freak out, right?
 You change the time they freak out. That's that's an example of certainty some people get their certainty by doing the same thing every day
 Some of them get certainty by trusting God's gonna guide them some people get certainty because they screwed up so much in the past
 They still came out finding way in their brain because I know I'll find a way, but I don't know what it is
 Right some of them get certainty by smoking a cigarette because they're all stressed out and
 They take a breath and they breathe in and it's uncomfortable and certain
 I can know they're killing them stuff. Some of the good certain people eating food or comfort
 So everybody out of the meat
 The only two differences in human beings are what's the order of importance for you?
 That's going to completely change your direction of life if you're certain driven
 You're going to be moving this direction away from the challenge if you're
 Uncertainty driven meaning it's higher value for you. You're going to be going straight at it and
 Direction determines ultimate destination or destiny, right? So once I know your direction. I know where you're going
 I know what challenge you're going to face and what opportunities you're going to have, okay?
 So the difference is
 Different orders and different rules like some people I got to do the same thing to be certain other people
 It's kind of trusting god. I'm certain right very different some people work out to be certain
 They get that screaming their body. They're really rock and roll again
 It restores their certainty of their comfort. Some of it eat to do it
 Some of these ways you do are neutral. They don't affect you either way. They're just okay
 Some actually have a negative impact. I smoke in a cigarette
 Some have a positive impact, right?
 Let's say trusting a god perhaps if you believe in that or working out certainly that all right
 So the second you mini bill outside of certain is uncertainty just so your audience notes
 Uncertain variety. We all need surprise ask people to dance like who here loves surprises
 Everybody raised their hands his eyes. They bullshit. You like the surprises you want
 All right, you know what you call problems, but we need sobriety. We need surprise to feel alive
 Too much variety people freak out too much certainty people bored out of their mind
 So are you in the mukeworm middle though? You got to learn how to use both third human need the need for significance
 They need to feel unique special important. Everybody has it including the people saying I don't want to be significant
 They're really saying if I don't want to be judged
 I don't want to be upset with me if i'm significant, right?
 But some people get significance by working hard or anybody else some people do it by studying
 You know the bible or fun gun gita or whatever
 Some people get that certainty by way of how they dress or their tattoos or some people do it by money
 Some people do it by being more generous. There's a million ways you could be significant or important to people or to feel needed
 We all have the need the only questions
 How do you need it and is it number one two three four five changes? How are you gonna?
 fourth the need for love and connection
 Everyone wants love and connection when needs it whether they want it or not
 Most people settle for connection because love is just too scary and then the those first four needs that you know
 Are the needs of the personality?
 We all need certainty to survive. We all need variety to feel alive
 We all need some feeling of significance and we all need a something of luck what a person feels like completely
 Significant to anyone and I love that's when they start thinking about checking out
 That's when someone will consider suicide when there's no compelling future for them
 So these needs are critical but almost everybody needs them
 Somebody needs the needs by smoking and then tearing other people down
 You can feel important by making other people less important
 If I move you down, I'd be illusion i'm moving up
 It doesn't really work long term, but it works for the moment like sugar feels good for the moment long term doesn't feel good
 So you can meet your needs and positive ways neutral or negative
 But everyone finds a way to meet your needs to some extent
 But the ultimate needs that you describe we're five and six you got to grow to feel alive
 We grow or we die like I just said progress equals half of us right and we grow so we have something to give
 Because if we contribute in a meaningful way for the more life
 So a lot of people jump on and go I want to grow and give growing give which is there's zero wrong with that
 I think it's fantastic
 But like the example I gave you from india
 Your certainty is oftentimes your access to food and shelter and a quality of life
 And maybe a certain amount of income to provide for your family, right?
 So yes, you do need to honor those, but everyone's different
 Some people value love us the number one thing and they move in this direction
 Some people value significance and they go in a different direction
 Because the more you demand significance the less love you usually get
 Right because people have been pushed off by it if somebody wants to be certain any wonder actually
 They want a variety of going in different directions again direction determined your ultimate destination or destiny
 So when I know which one of your top two
 I know how your life is going to turn out and then I ask questions to find out
 What does it take you to feel significant?
 Do you have to make a billion dollars or pray to god?
 Right and feel a connection walk out and go for a run on by the ocean and feel the universe with you
 Right everyone has different ways once I know what you want and how you go about getting it
 I know your opportunities. I know your challenges. I know how to coach
 So your question though is to be specific. I had to give that context and put this with talking about
 Is okay. I want to grow and contribute because those are the spiritual needs. Those are the ones most people miss
 That's what makes you most of the bill
 But I still got to do these other four things and they're really easy to do
 So I think of it as saying find your vehicle
 Find what's going to give you that economic security and idea
 Economic independence again. We're not chasing money money might be start chasing you
 That's an important part you have to work your ass off and refine it science of achievement
 Along the way make sure you find the variety the pleasure of the uniqueness of everything you're doing and stopping and bringing it in
 Every morning I do a process where I think of three things I'm most grateful for and I
 Experience them fully and I feed of a blessing and send the blessing to all my family and friends
 And then I think of what I'm gonna accomplish next that sets up plenty of that variety
 Inserting
 Significance, you know the most significant thing to me is love
 But you know, it's like what am I doing that matters? You know, let me do some things that matter today
 Love what can I do that's kind the fastest way to love is give love
 Right fastest way kindness is give kindness in the world where you know the world could be divided now
 But it's still pretty magical and somebody does it authentically. So it's not hard to meet the first four needs
 Growing and contributing. That's where you're going to feel the most fulfilled
 So when people go through these challenges what I always try to do is like I don't just give them a skill
 They give them a motion to follow through because otherwise you can know what to do and not do it, you know
 Anyway, so that's kind of the way I try to balance it again
 Science of achievement and art of fulfillment just be aware of them both and focusing on both instead of just one
 Yeah, I love that. I think for me it was interesting because like
 I noticed that when I was struggling and contributing or growing it was because something was out of whack like I wasn't getting my love and connection
 Or I wasn't feeling significant or something wasn't in place and when I got the point where I could figure out
 Okay, here's here's ways to make sure that I'm feeling these needs in a positive way and not a negative way
 Then it takes that pressure off and I was like now I can go grow now I can contribute now
 I can do things and notice even nowadays like if it gets out of whack again
 It's like I gotta I gotta make sure these you know all these these things are spinning and I can go back and I can
 I can show up at a level that I can't when these things aren't in in the right, you know, aren't running the right way
 Yeah, cool. My next question. This is a kind of transition a little more to the challenge now
 Obviously a lot of people who are in your world my world are coming because
 Because the growth right they're learning and they're learning and they're growing and that part so it's so much fun for all of us
 Right the growth part is addicting and I think that's why people love reading books and going through courses and all sorts of stuff
 But I know for me like the the real growth didn't come for me
 In this growth phase where I was learning stuff. It's as I started contributing and started helping other people
 Um, and that's you know for me it was I was starting my business
 I was teaching other people and that's when I first started to really connect with that contribution and that part of it
 I know that that's one of the big the big things that this challenge is about is getting people from a growth phase to like now how you contribute
 How you take this knowledge and these ideas and and the things that you're developing and learning and how do you use them to serve other people
 And I love you to talk just a little about that that transition right of how we how we transition from a growth mindset today
 Here's how many I can contribute with these gifts that we're that we've been given
 I think you know the the challenge is called own your future challenge that we're doing and it's myself and dean and an army of just great friends of ours
 We're smart. The focus here is execution. It's not just about more learning and growing in this one
 It's like showing you what do you got some knowledge?
 If someone who cares about bushing us knowledge
 And you can take that knowledge and bring it to people in a world even when it shut down
 I mean my business, you know the I've got you know 80 companies plus now
 But my core mission in my business is problems research right did my events and then my events
 And I mean I literally they made what I did illegal because the size of it
 I do minimum be 10,000 most of them 15 12,000 people somewhere that range and all of a sudden
 They made it illegal in every country in the world that I wanted to go to Australia London
 You know, Italy, France everywhere America all over the place
 And so I had to figure out what to do but I've got to tell you I reach it more people now
 And I'm doing it in a different way, you know, and so that tools to be able to reach people all over the earth
 I mean four billion people are on the internet now and we're going to see another two billion joy
 You know with the next five or ten years almost 50 percent more people are going to join the internet
 The sides of the marketplace of people you can serve is unbelievable
 But you have to be able to get the skills and you got to get yourself to execute a lot of people
 As you said get addicted to just the learning experience
 Which is the hot moments like oh my god. I understand that that makes sense
 Oh, I could change the world with that
 But you know, I was very lucky Jim Rome was my original teachers and personal belt with speakers
 Some of your listeners probably knows Dave been passed away for some time
 But he just always say Tony let your learning don't let you learn and lead to knowledge
 You become a fool
 He's a let your learning lead to action and he said you become wealthy and damn wealthy wasn't just money
 It was like an extraordinary life. It was living life on your terms
 It was life was full joy and happiness and fulfillment and needing an economic freedom
 And I think that's what we're really looking to do with people in this challenges
 Show them the tools to execute. Yes, you're gonna have the excitement of learning all this
 I'm gonna go charge for the freaking thing
 No, it's these challenges my last moment to do this year
 I didn't do this year
 But I wanted to do it with my friends because I wanted people to have a vehicle
 Like a lot of people don't have that first arfa
 They don't have a vehicle for prosperity and security
 And they're looking at a world where the world's changed and stuff's like down
 And it's not gonna go back to exactly how it was some things will return obviously but a lot of art
 And so your job is to figure out what am I gonna do now?
 And so where are you gonna figure that out?
 So we decided to bring the best people we know together to show you and show you how to use technology
 To do things in minutes that when I started out in this business
 I mean it took months to pull up
 But literally the technology can do things for you today as we all know
 And so I'm very excited about what we're gonna be able to offer people that in a few days
 They're not just gonna have more knowledge and excitement
 They're gonna have perhaps a business or at least the beginnings of the business
 And maybe online starting that out all in the few days of the challenge
 So that's the difference. I think we're really focused on here is making sure that I always tell people knowledge is not power
 Knowledge is potential power
 Right execution beats and trunks knowledge every day of the week
 And so our goal is to get people to really each day make some small actions
 So by the end of the challenge they're really in a place of having their business or if they had a business thinking into another level
 Yeah
 Well, I'm excited for the challenge
 I'm gonna be flying out to Phoenix and hanging out with you and dean and everybody for one of the days
 And I'm actually bringing my twin boys my twin boys are 15 years old
 And I'm trying to show them how to control their future
 So they're gonna come and sit there and experience it and then we're actually going out afterwards with uh
 With some friends and we're gonna go and uh and feed the homeless and spend some time and just showing them some really cool experiences after the
 Challenge, I'm excited for because I'll be participating in it as a student and also as one of the the teachers as well
 As they said if I get too wrestled to your audience, you know, like like a lot of people virtual say
 I'm gonna go feed somebody but you do this all the time just like I do
 It's not like something you do and then tell people you're doing it
 You're just really doing it and I love that you share it same reason I used to never share what I did in this area
 But they're still realizing it inspires people to consider something new and we're not doing it because we're just such good people
 We're doing it because it's so fulfilling to do something for someone you don't even know
 It's people don't understand what that does to you to just do what's right
 It's gonna be a 24 hours a day, but just especially doing it with your kids so they get addicted to it at an early age
 I really honor you for that. Oh, thanks. I'm excited. It's gonna be a fun experience. There's gonna be a new experience for them
 I think it's gonna be awesome
 So well for those who are listening if you're watching the video
 They'll probably be linked down below but for listening
 The sign up link to go sign up for the challenge if you go to take the challenge.com
 That's where we can go sign up for the challenge through our link and we've got a bunch of really cool bonuses and stuff for everybody who
 Who gets involved and hangs out, but that's where everything will be at it
 Takethechallenge.com
 And if you do that you have a chance to hang out with Tony and me and Dean and Jenna and I don't know
 You have some amazing speakers that are part of this people the only Tony could bring into the world
 Nobody else would say yes to to being part of this
 He's got some amazing people who you guys have a chance to to come and hang out with and participate and learn how to start your own business
 How to start going from this from a growth mindset to contribution? How do I create a business that serves other people?
 I think you know, I never understood that was what business was really about until
 You know, honestly probably the last seven or eight years since I started running ClickFunnels
 And I've seen what like when you create a business and you help other people like that contribution you see how people's lives are changed
 I'm not talking about my own I'm talking about people who have used ClickFunnels
 You know one of my favorite success stories inside of our ClickFunnels community is the couple named Brandon and Kaitlyn Poland
 And they were young 22 23 year old couple when they came into our world and she's really good at losing weight and she took her knowledge and her experience
 And now they've helped over a million women to lose weight. They built a huge company without you know 70 80 employees now
 And they're changing lives of so many people and it's it's one person one person taking their knowledge
 Turning to something they can contribute and it literally the ripple effect that is huge
 I mean look at a million women that's amazing
 But those women have families and kids and in communities they serve and like that ripple effects keeps going out
 And that's just one person and so you never know where it's going to turn until you you take that knowledge and turn it into something amazing
 So
 You think about where we are today because of technology you can do that so fast
 Try doing that 20 years ago. Trust me was a very different process, right?
 So the the possibility of that kind of impact is there
 So it's all comes down to having an orientation that realizes the only way you get wealthy
 Is do more for other people than anybody else is doing and do it consistently
 And of course if you have that much value you have value that's added to you as well
 But learning how to do that quickly
 Officially step by step. That's what this you know challenge courses about so we look forward to seeing you guys there
 Awesome. Thank you. Tony. Thank you. Everybody again. Go take the challenge.com get signed up and we'll see you guys live here in a couple days
 So thanks, Tony. I appreciate you
 Thank you, buddy
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also, Dan canning and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost 20 thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free
 Just for saying maybe you can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsledder.com
 Not only you're gonna get the 20 thousand gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsledder.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
