 What's up, Stephen? I hope you are doing amazing. I had a question/favor for you. So a church today, one of my friends,
 Jane, he's a new entrepreneur.
 Was asking some questions about entrepreneurship. I asked him to box me his main questions and he sent to me and they're really cool.
 He was asking basically
 things about like as an entrepreneur, how do you how do you pick which idea, right?
 He's passionate about what's the idea and the second off?
 How do you stick with one and see it through to the end? And
 that was a really good question. I was going to respond back to him through box. I thought, you know, what would be more fun is
 instead what if you need new tag team to back and forth and that way you can hear both different perspectives and
 number two, I can take all the audio smart boxer messages and I can upload them as marketing seekers podcast that way.
 It doesn't just help him. It doesn't just help me or you, but it helps like the entire
 Federal hacker community as a whole. So my question for you is do you want to tag team this answer with me and turn something into a podcast?
 If the answer is yes message back, let me know yes, and then you got cute the marketing seekers theme song and then after I'll send you the message and
 we can start tag teaming it and help Jamie out with this question and hopefully help a bunch of other federal hackers out as well.
 So let me know your thoughts and we'll go up there.
 Hey, sounds good man. Sweet idea and looking forward to it. Heck yeah, I mean, it's not a really question.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers.
 All right, everybody.
 This is going to be a once in a lifetime opportunity to hear behind the scenes in live boxer coaching for me and Stephen and me tag team Jamie.
 It's going to be a ton of fun and I'm excited to take you guys behind the scenes. That said, I'm going to forward you.
 Listen first off to Jamie's messages to me and then hear me and Stephen go back and forth.
 Hope you enjoy it and that will talk to you as well.
 Hey, man, I guess I'll just get rid of the chase.
 Just looking for advice and world of entrepreneurship.
 My first thing that I've been wrestling with a lot lately is I have a ton of passion and a ton of things that intrigued me and that excite me.
 And the horse thing that the horse thing to do has been like sit down and pick one thing and stick with it and to focus completely and solely on that.
 And yet I still don't know exactly what to do or what to pick or where to start. I feel stuck and kind of like paralyzed.
 All the things that do interest me and I started on one path. I feel like I get stuck and then I don't continue onward.
 That in itself is probably the biggest thing that I'm doing with right now. So I appreciate it before you hear from you and we'll talk to you soon.
 Hey man, great to hear from you.
 Yes, I do have to know that feeling very, very well.
 Before I tell you the answer though, explain to me two to three of the businesses you've worked on the past.
 I spent hearing doors. I explained settle. Tell me a lot.
 All right. Let me know.
 We'll come back.
 And then so the first thing that I guess I've been working on for a while now is I have an outdoor clothing brand called re-explore peril.
 And it's at re-explore peril.com.
 I'm super into the outdoor super into like outdoor living and like cycling, running, hiking, camping, and all that stuff.
 And so I'm also like a big fan of like North Face and Patagonia and like already I and those kind of brands.
 And so I always just wanted to create a clothing brand that kind of, you know, cater to that lifestyle.
 And so I started that a little over a year and a half ago.
 And we got a pretty, you know, we got our launch was actually pretty decent.
 We got over a hundred followers on Instagram in like one day, which I know was in a time.
 But I don't know how to like launch anything at the time.
 So I have a buddy on the start of that and it kind of just fell flat.
 It's kind of hard to explain. So that's the first thing.
 So I'm doing a clothing brand that I deal with a buddy of mine.
 And then I've had several different podcasts over the years.
 I have, you know, created and founded and been on.
 And I currently have one podcast that the one funnel away challenge inspired.
 And so I'm doing that when I feel really confident in it.
 I feel really good about it.
 And so I'm working on that, but I've had a losing the past.
 I've had, you know, three or four that kind of fell through as well.
 And then the last thing was I actually had a buddy when I was living in Virginia.
 We were in college and we worked on a bunch of different business projects together.
 We like had like a moving company.
 We worked on in Virginia that did fairly well for a little bit, but it really take off.
 And then we worked on an internet cafe thing in Virginia in my like little
 college town near SVU.
 So just that kind of stuff.
 And like I wasn't really like super passionate about like the moving thing or like internet cafe.
 I just wanted to start something and do something.
 And so that's what we kind of worked on that.
 So that's kind of like three ideas or three business businesses that I've worked on in the past.
 But I have like a million other business ideas.
 I just don't know how to like get them off of running, get them running.
 I don't know.
 I guess that's kind of like the best way to put it.
 And those are the three things I've worked on the most.
 So hey, so the first thing I would say about this whole thing is that you got to realize
 that the number of opportunities that you have on your plate has nothing to do with how
 success you're going to be.
 And it sounds super simple to say that, but there was a time when I had,
 I mean, I had like a dozen people on a waiting list for funnels and I was like,
 I'm so successful, right?
 And like, but nothing was getting done.
 So the first thing I would tell Jamie on this is that like,
 you got to get it saying no.
 And it's one of the hardest skills of any entrepreneur.
 It's super rough to do it.
 So that's a skill set.
 I feel like we'll just always get better, better, better.
 But truly, I actually think he might be starting at the wrong question.
 Instead of what do I sell?
 What do I sell?
 What do I sell?
 Which is kind of the question I just beat myself up with for probably four,
 five years.
 Instead of starting with the question of what do I sell?
 What do I sell?
 What do I sell?
 And being so product focused, that's like question number three or four.
 I feel like question number one, I feel like should be who do I want to sell?
 And I think if he went back and started focusing instead on what his dream customer looks like,
 it's really easy to be just solving their problems and they tell you what products they want you to go
 build for him.
 And the game gets way easier.
 One of the things I'd probably tell him too is that the products, a product plan is never complete
 without your campaign on how you're going to launch it.
 And so if you're like, hey, I got this idea, I got this idea, I got this idea.
 Ideas are great, but ideas are nothing.
 They're just ideas.
 So I would tell him, hey, you've got to sit back and think through not just what your idea is,
 now that you know what your dream customer is, now that you have more of an idea of what products
 they want, because you're not the one that buys the product.
 So he cares what you think.
 Right.
 I think that no product plan is complete without a campaign that launches it.
 So like, I have an idea for products that has to include the way you're actually
 bringing it to the market.
 So all these ideas, like you're just making products, not actual, you know,
 how you're actually going to bring it to the marketplace.
 And that's just as an important step as the product itself.
 Yes, yes, yes.
 If you notice my message back to initially, my first question I asked him was like,
 tell me about your business and then I'll tell you the answer.
 And I wanted to hear how we explained it.
 So Jamie, for listening, it's like what's interesting is when you explained it,
 you talked about yourself, you talked about your ideas, you talked about what you wanted to do,
 and you want to create clothing and stuff like that.
 And I was waiting to hear you say, like, I'm obsessed with people who like to go camping,
 or I'm obsessed with it.
 You know, I love whatever.
 It's the customer part that he missed he was talking about.
 And I think that's what most entrepreneurs I first started to do is they're looking at,
 okay, what's the opportunity?
 What's the product?
 What's the service?
 What's the thing on the cell?
 That's supposed to like exactly what you just nailed on the head is it's the opposite.
 It's the initial, it's like, okay, who am I going to serve?
 Like, who gets me pumped?
 And so, you know, he talked about in there, obviously camping and outdoor clothing and
 stuff like that.
 And so I think it's shifting it from like selling that type of merchandise to like,
 okay, these are the type of people I want to serve, people that this is what they do,
 and this is what they do for fun.
 And like, that's the question is who not, not what am I selling?
 It's who am I selling, right?
 That's the first thing.
 And then it's looking at, okay, now that we know who they are, then it's like,
 you know, where, like, what's going to be the easiest way for me to access to those people?
 Like, I remember when I was in London, I was speaking an event out in London,
 and afterwards the guy, you know, in the presentation I showed five or six of the
 industries we had built funnels in, hadn't made a bunch of money, and he asked me afterwards,
 he was like, how do you know, like, what market to pick?
 And I said, you know what, most people never asked me that, they always asked me,
 you know, other things we don't ever ask me that.
 And I said, you know what's interesting is that we, the reason why every funnel I've had in the
 last eight, I don't know, last time I had failed the funnel, it's been a little while, right?
 I've had something to do not as good as others, obviously, but last time I had a bomb,
 it was like seven or eight years ago.
 And it's because that was about the point of the writer.
 So look, I'm not going to build a funnel until I know where the traffic is first, right?
 So I know that, like, let's just say I wanted, let's say I love survival stuff.
 I'd be, okay, the survival market, that's what I want to be at, right?
 So where do I get survival traffic?
 And then I'd be the question, like, where are those who's that?
 Where can I find them at?
 Like, where I got to find those people, right?
 And so I'd be looking, okay, what email is kind of what Facebook had?
 What are the groups?
 What are the forms?
 What are the, like, can I find like how easy is it going to be for me to get access to those people?
 Like we built the NERSEL supplement.
 I didn't know anything about NERSEL other than I knew that people who were going to buy
 were diabetics who had neuropathy.
 And so my first thing was like, can I find neuropathy email list?
 Can I find neuropathy forms?
 Can I find neuropathy groups?
 And targeting them on Facebook?
 Like, what does that all look like?
 And so I, before I ever even dreamt about how to make the supplement or even name the supplement,
 I was like trying to figure out where are those people.
 And as soon as I was saying, they're right here, here, here, here,
 I was able to circle them on a map, say, there they are.
 Now I'm going to go create a product and go get access to those people, right?
 So the first question is just, is who are they and where are they at?
 Like finding that out first, right?
 And then just like going into those worlds and becoming obsessed.
 Like, what else is already being sold to them?
 So if we're nervous, I want to everyone on these email lists,
 like all the conservative Republican newsletter lists,
 all of the health newsletters, all the ones that my dream clients were on already,
 I started subscribing and looking at what were the offers being sent out to them, right?
 You're Jamie, you initially said something, I'm not forgetting right now,
 but you talked about having like a clothing line and stuff like that.
 And stuff, because I think a lot of us have dreamed of having a clothing line.
 And it's funny I look at ClickFunnels, we have 90,000 customers.
 We've tried to launch our swag store like 10 times.
 I still can't make it possible.
 Maybe that's my most recently failed funnel was the swag stuff.
 We tried so many times and it's like, it's hard because swag,
 it's like you have to create a head of time that's like, what size have you got?
 Small, medium, large, like do I do more and large or small?
 Like the upfront cost, any kind of physical product is really, really high, right?
 And so for me, like, I'm going to market like I'm not going to typically do that as like the first
 pass. My first pass is like, what's going to be something that's easy that can cut my teeth on.
 So I'd be looking at like, okay, let's say it's the, say it's the outdoor recreational space.
 Okay, like what, what physical product time you'd be affiliate for at first,
 going to find out what my people are going to buy.
 So I joined four or five affiliate programs and potentially what I might want to sell in the future.
 Maybe it's clothing line, maybe it's tents, maybe it's a camper, maybe it's RVs, maybe it's,
 you know, whatever, that my dream people are going to buy and become an affiliate for those
 things before I risk any money, like buying inventory and product.
 Because that's just an upfront cost that you don't want to eat ahead of time, right?
 So let's figure that out and say, okay, now how can I build a list of
 customers like then go and send over there, right?
 And so for me, like there's a reason why I'm so obsessed with info products,
 because info product funnel is the best and easiest and cheapest way to get
 leads and customers in the door, right? So I might do like a summit of like, okay,
 I'm going to find top 10 coolest, or yeah, I'm going to do an online summit with 10 cool
 camping gurus. I don't even know if they have camping gurus, they probably do, right?
 Like one's going to be some of who's great at Dutch M cooking.
 One's going to be someone who's awesome at like RVing, one's going to be something
 awesome or whatever. And I would try to find people who already have a phone, right?
 Like who on YouTube's got the biggest like RV channel?
 Who's on who, which podcast has got the biggest like we talk about camping all day
 following and like I would try to get those people, the hosts of those shows,
 because in the dream world they promote it. But worst case scenario, I want to get their
 face on the thing so I can promote to their people and I'll do something like that initially
 and then watch that. Now it's like now you're interviewing these people you look up to
 anyway, which is going to give you energy and energy is the key that keeps you moving through
 a project, right? You get a project with a little energy. That's where it makes us fall out, right?
 You start having success, you lose energy and that's why you move on to the next project because
 the energy is not there anymore. So now you're interviewing people in that market that are the
 best in the world and light you up and have fun doing it anyway and you're building lists of
 subscribers and getting, you know, you know, they promote it or whatever. And Stephen, I'm going to
 pass back to you here a second about the campaign related to something like that. But you still
 might that it gets a big following and then from there you say, okay, I'm going to sell this
 clothing line over here and you promote your new customer, your clothing line. Let's say you do
 that and like nobody buys clothing. I'm like, my people don't like clothing. I'm not going to
 invest in clothing line. And then you're like, well, let's promote this RV thing over here. So you
 promote the RV timeshare, right? Or whatever Airbnb RVs, which is actually a thing when my
 friends built that company and sold it for a crap ton of money. Anyway, I digress. So that could
 be another one, right? Then you go out there and push that out there and boom, you sign up like 12
 people and like, oh my gosh, this is the thing. And then maybe it's, you know, another one made
 four or five promotions as an affiliate. This is where you're finding like, what is your audience
 actually want? Right? A lot of people think it's, they got, they've got a website therefore, it must
 be super profitable. It's not always the case. It's like, let's test things in affiliate, find
 out what my audience is buying on. And then we find out, okay, oh, they're buying this kind of
 thing. Now I can go deep and say, okay, I'm going to go and build an RV club or I'm going to go and
 build a clothing line. I'm going to go sell Dutch ovens because holy crap, everyone wants to buy a
 Dutch oven, right? And that's where you figure out the product you're going to go. So that's kind of
 some of my initial brain thoughts. I'm going to pass it back to you, Stephen, because my question for
 you, especially if someone doesn't have a list right now, and let's say, do you want to go this
 route of like, let's interview cool people in the market. We want to dream about going, how would
 you create the campaign to get like that taken off the ground and to blow it up? Yeah, I'll say
 that that's one of the biggest misconceptions that I find frequently inside the one funnel way challenge
 or anywhere, any new entrepreneur, they always think like, hey, I need to go create something that's
 completely brand new. Something that's completely prolific. Something is no one's ever seen before
 and it's just not true. Like 80% of the security and entrepreneurship comes from selling something
 that they're already asking for and already buying something similar to. So you're not going in
 being like a me too thing, but it's neat to see like, oh man, I can go in and I can still be a
 creative. I can still have the fun innovations, but based off of what they're already purchasing.
 And then it gets way more secure. As far as campaigns that I like the most,
 launching something with no list, even I've each said that several times, I think one of the biggest
 things that I like from the from this side of it is if I can go in and identify who's already
 publishing like this is one of the biggest hacks to the game, in my opinion. Like let's say let's
 say James is going to go in and let's say he's going to sell t-shirts or whatever. And it's going
 to be around camping. I would go in and do exactly what you just said. I would go, there's two
 criteria that I would look for. They would help me launch and I don't have a list. And the first would
 be number one, who's big, right? Who's already selling? Who has a giant list of customers who's
 already actively purchasing from them? And I'll just make a big list from them similar to what you
 just said. The second thing though is I actually look to see who in there is actually publishing
 somehow, whether it's an actual book that they wrote, they're actively publishing on a podcast
 or something like that. What I want to do is I want to find somebody who like I said, number one is big
 but also has trained their audience to consume their content. And what's nice about that is you get
 all these pre-groomed potential buyers that you didn't search out. You know, you just go find it.
 So it's really easy. Just go on iTunes or on YouTube and start looking like who's big in camping,
 you know? And you start seeing, whoa, look how many followers that person has and that person,
 those are the kinds of people that I go and I try to grab. And I know I say it a lot but honestly
 what I would do is I would start publishing. I would do the summit like you just said. I would do
 a seed launch. I would do, and for those, you know, someone's listening, they don't know what
 those things are. Like what's neat is that it does exactly what I'm saying. You just go in and just
 leverage the followings of other people that they spent tons of time and money and to create,
 you know, takes a lot of momentum to launch something. So what I would go do is go grab
 the followings of people who are already primed for the pump. You get all the cards stacked in
 your favor. One of my absolute favorite methods of launching a product when I have no list is,
 it's done twice now and it's worked well. And what I did, Russell's, I took your perfect webinar script
 and then I wrote a webinar but there's five parts of the webinar that you talk about.
 So then that became five episodes of a podcast or a blog or, you know, YouTube or whatever channel
 someone chooses to do. But I said something a little while ago and it might rush some feathers
 up a little here a little bit but it's true. We're no longer just in the information age. We're
 in the attention age where the loudest is likely to get paid and not the person who's just the best.
 And that's made some people mad as I said that but it's so true how many amazing products are out
 there that are sitting on shelves and will never be bought. So you got to be able to create some noise
 and that's part of the product. It's not separate from it. So anyways, when I'm creating a launch,
 when I don't have a list, that is one of my absolute favorite ways to go do it and say like, hey,
 let's go see all the people who are used to listening to someone publish and who's already
 following someone who's already big. And then I'll just feature that guy on my show and a huge
 portion of their audience will come follow me and I'll start literally my episodes out being
 kind of like a dripped out sideways webinar that actually is your perfect webinar script.
 So that's exactly what I like to do it. Hey man, that's awesome. Okay, the last thing I'm going
 to add for Jamie and then if you have any final thoughts you can add here as well. The last thing
 I want to recommend because he's asking about you know moving from thing to thing. And what I found
 with the entrepreneur, not entrepreneurship but anything. It's like the energy is what keeps you
 going, right? And so what normally happens with the business is we get into something and we get
 excited, we start and we do all this stuff. And then if we don't start getting some wins really
 quickly, then our energy starts lowering and then gets worse and worse eventually you know a month
 later, two months later, six months of 10, how long your attention span is. Most Muslims interest
 and they move on to the next thing. And so the biggest thing I say is like to keep the interest
 long and excited is really it's funny because I think most entrepreneurs get into business
 because they want to make money themselves right. That's the first thing I'm looking towards how
 to make money for myself. But really quickly especially after starts working you find out
 almost instantly that like that does almost nothing. Like I remember the first time I made
 a thousand and 10,000, 100,000, then I kept like oh this will be the thing and then like it happened
 you're like oh that was not as cool as I thought. And it wasn't until I shifted from that mentality
 of like how to make money to like let me find people I can serve. And then the difference in like
 making your first million dollars or having somebody else have success with whatever it is
 you're doing, it's like night day. Like someone launches their first funnel and makes a thousand
 bucks. That does more for my energy and my excitement than you know me making an extra million
 dollars. Like it's insane. And you know I'm saying that in my space I would say if you look at Caitlyn
 Poland in the weight loss space it's like when she has the women's success story like I lost 30
 pounds in the last you know two months because if I'll okay and sing like that's what gives you
 the energy to keep going. And so it's like the quicker you get that the better. And so the best
 way to do that is again to start focusing we're talking about on the customer like who am I serving
 and getting obsessed with them going and you know joining all the people's email lists that are
 publishing listening to the podcast listening to the interviewers listening to it just all the
 different stuff because you can start hearing the pain points over and over and over again and
 start listening to that and then I can solve it. I can solve that one and you start getting into
 there and then when you solve something that's probably come back to you like that's the fire.
 Like that's it because I tell you what like there is no financial reason for me to keep coming in
 to click fun every single day. Like literally everything I own is completely paid off. The money
 keeps coming in. It's just like I don't know what to do with this. Like it's it gets ridiculous at
 a point but like every time I get hit up on Facebook or tagged on a thing and it's like it's like oh
 my gosh like I finally clicked on him and tried and funneled him for a year. It finally rusted to
 something in the challenge or the book or whatever that clicked for me and now I get it. I get this
 thing and boom there's no result. Like that's what that's what gets us to keep publishing and
 moving and waking up in the morning and coming in here and dedicating time and energy and effort
 is the stories and so the faster you can get to that the better because it's it's lonely entrepreneurship
 is a lonely lonely lonely path. You know and I know, Jim, you've got great support from your wife.
 You know most people don't even have that but even with that like it's it's it's a lonely
 it's a lonely job and especially with the ups and the downs and so the quickest way is to start
 building your own tribe, your own community where you're serving them and their wins are what fuels
 you and I'm not here for selling physical products, e-commerce, clothing like whatever it is. It doesn't
 matter that building the tribe and the tribe will give you the energy to move forward because
 soon you ship it from being about you to being out them then you'll never leave it. Like I'll
 never leave entrepreneurs. If I still click fun tomorrow for a billion dollars I'd still be doing
 events the next day because like that's that's the juice that gets me moving and and going. So
 there's my final thoughts Jamie ma'am. I appreciate you voxing over the question. Stephen, any final
 thoughts before we we make this and dig into a podcast? Yeah, you know, I think it was actually
 you that said to me, hey the definition of an entrepreneur is somebody who takes on a problem
 that they don't need to take on and if I remember I was actually talking with you too about this a
 few few months ago, I was like man, I'm making more than I've ever made ever seen in my entire life
 and I'm like, oh excited. I'm like, oh this is so cool, so cool, so cool. And then like a week later,
 not that much, seriously like seven days later, I was like kind of getting depressed and I remember
 thinking like this is really backwards, it's really weird and I was like, I almost need to
 throw a bigger party this time. You know, then you go and you start trying to do these things
 that you assume having more cash means and find out really quickly that it gets really
 unfulfilling very quickly. So I think for me, the game entrepreneurship is really there's two
 major things that comes down to feeling a sense of fulfillment. Zatoni Robbins, you know, says
 there's the science of achievement and the art of fulfillment. For me, the art of fulfillment
 entrepreneurship has really come in two ways and one might sound selfish but you know,
 Jamie's listened to this and like you're probably seeing this in yourself
 all like just a row of what you might consider failures. When you step back and start thinking
 to yourself, how have I grown, how have I developed, how have I changed, you know, you start realizing
 that the level of opportunity that your personal capacity can now match is way higher than what it
 was on your failure number one. You know, talking with what is sitting with Russell when I first
 started with him, you know, like man, I'm sitting like the you of right now, you're totally different
 than you were like three years ago when I first sat down next to you, you know what I mean? And
 you even said several times like there's no way the me of three years ago could handle the click
 funnels of today and what you've built now. And so there's a coin I keep on my desk and when
 it comes down to like the personal fulfillment side, it's like I almost welcome the crap now
 that comes with this stuff, the obstacle is the way, right? And every single time anything happens,
 you start to realize really quickly, holy crap, like yesterday's failure actually qualified me for
 tomorrow's opportunities and success. And so from like a selfish standpoint, it might seem selfish,
 but like the fulfillment of entrepreneurship has come to me by looking forward to kind of some of
 the garbage, not that I'm looking to make it happen, it'll happen on its own. But I'm like,
 man, let's go watch the next thing. I can't wait to grow again. And so selfishly, I'm like,
 the fulfillment has come from the growth, not the money. Second thing though, it just really
 helps me in the fulfillment side of this energy start to see exactly, you know, I mean, the rest
 of you're saying, you know, it's all about serving the people when you start thinking like,
 "Why should I go so next? Why should I go so next? Why should I go so next?" And you start taking the
 focus from those you serve back to how can I just make more money? You'll find very quickly that it's
 just not, I don't know, they actually won't serve them as much. You probably won't sell as much,
 you get a little more antsy, wondering why people are so stuck up they won't buy your thing.
 It's really interesting the way it happens. So if you just focus on their, your cause is their
 problem. And entrepreneurship is taking on their problem, which you don't need to take. And in my
 mind, this is like, it's almost, I've almost treated this as kind of a sacred path, you know,
 I believe the adjustments and changes in the world is going to come from this sector,
 not government, not, you know, it's going to be from those who care who really don't need to.
 So welcome to the entrepreneurship brotherhood, sisterhood, the hood, I should say. Anyway,
 I really enjoyed doing this back and forth and hopefully it's helpful.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
