 Hey everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I hope you guys are doing amazing today
 I've got an exciting show that I want to share with you about the difference in being a consumer versus a producer
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so I'm really really actually super excited for this episode for a couple reasons so
 You know how like when you learn something and you're like, oh, it's cool and then like
 Three or four weeks later like it comes back up and all since like oh like the angels are singing from heaven
 It's like yes, this is something you need right now. This is it totally happened
 So let me rewind back to the Puerto Rico the Puerto Rico mastermind
 All the friends who moved there always the same Puerto Rico. They'll say Puerto Rico. So maybe that's how you supposed to say it anyway
 so we're down there with Brendan Bouchard and how much are the cool people and
 There's one of the guys who is with us in the group and he has a really good business, but he's not doing social media
 like kind of against like I don't do social media and
 And so during the during his session we were doing the little hot seat on him
 You know we're asking about that. He's like, oh, I just don't have time
 There's you know so much stuff happening better and then Brendan dropped this gold nugget that I like
 I thought was cool at the time, but then became cooler last night
 So he dropped this gold mug and he said he said dude you have to understand he's like he's like I'm not a I'm not a consumer of social media
 Say I'm a producer. He's like so I don't get sucked in and what you spend eight hours a my phone because I'm not consuming social media
 I don't consume it. I just produce it and I was like, oh, that's going to write down consume
 Or I wrote down produce and don't consume
 so I was kind of thing then last night I was with my kids who are super amazing and
 Summer's coming soon and so for you guys to have kids hopefully this helps you as well
 It's helping me right now
 And so we're even closer and like my wife and I are dreading like hey when school ends and now home for summer
 Like where they do all they like you just like they sit there and watch TV all day
 It's like I don't want that or they watch YouTube videos of other people having fun
 while they're in our house, you know, it's like I want them doing stuff and creating and like doing stuff and so
 Our first thought is one of our friends
 They did a they did a cool thing last summer and I was like oh we should do screen free summer
 And I told my wife that and Club was kind of like well
 Then what are they gonna do all day?
 You'll be at work and then I'm gonna be here with them having to entertain them all day. I was like oh yeah that does suck
 I'm like, okay, we need another plan
 And I start thinking more and more than all of a sudden like this thought from Brendan pop back in my hand
 I was like oh my gosh
 So he sat on my kids. I said this is the deal. I said you have to understand. There's two types of people in this world
 There are there are producers and there are consumers you guys know the difference and they didn't like they had some ideas that were way off
 And I'm like no, no, so I was like right now. So look at aid and he's my little eight year old. I said right now
 I can't really I think his name is ninja. He's this he's this like youtuber who's got blue hair
 Which is why my son wants to have blue hair now which tries me nuts?
 I said that guy ninja he plays fortnight all day long like eight hours a day and he records himself
 I said he's producing content and putting it on YouTube. Okay, so he so ninja is a producer
 I said I said even what are you and he's like I don't know I said you sit there and you consume it
 You watch ninja have fun and you're consuming it. I said that's the problem right now
 It's like we don't want you guys consuming stuff all
 All summer long you're consuming. You're not like you're not creating you're sitting there being entertained
 There's nothing wrong with that right?
 There's a there's a there's a time in a place for for that to be consumers by so but it's not throughout you know
 All summer long and I said I want you guys to be producers
 So I said we're having a screen free summer where it's screen free from from being a consumer you can't consume
 You can't consume social media or YouTube videos
 Whatever, but you guys are allowed to use the screen to produce stuff because I was getting mad at me today
 Well dad you have your phone I'm like you don't you don't understand like like I'm not sitting here watching YouTube videos for 12 hours a day
 Like I'm Instagramming and vlogging and recording podcasts and like producing stuff for the world
 I am a producer so I said I said screen free summer for consumption
 But you guys can use screens to produce and they said what does that mean?
 I said okay, let's just have fun with this so what we're doing is we're creating a YouTube channel for
 Like the Brunson kids. I don't know what the names gonna be up
 We're gonna have a YouTube channel for us. I said each of you guys get your own playlist, right?
 And I said then you can create your own show like what does that mean?
 I said well Ellie for example my my daughter loves doing crafts
 I said okay, so what you you should have your own craft show and so what that means is like you should
 You know in the morning you can wake up and say hey dad
 I need to research crafts today because I'm gonna I'm gonna make a craft for my things just
 Okay cool. You can go on YouTube and like go watch a couple people doing crafts
 So you get an idea for your craft, right?
 So you're consuming but you're doing with the mindset of like I need to produce something cool
 So she washes crafts and said when you're done then go drive your bike to the grocery store and buy the things you need
 For to make that craft and come home and you'll borrow one of our little cameras or phones or something or our iPad and record yourself
 Doing the craft and I said then you can take those videos you made on the iPad
 Or ever and then put them on the computer and you're allowed to go and edit the videos and we'll have someone come and train you
 Had to edit videos and then you can post post that on YouTube
 Maybe it takes you two or three days to produce that video now you're a producer. You're not a consumer
 And they're like what we can really do that like yeah
 Like what kind of what kind of videos we just want to make and they came up with like
 Hundreds of ideas we could do this we could do this we could do this we could do a 24-hour challenge
 We could do an eating challenge like a means like we can go to McDonald's or everything on the menu and try to eat the whole thing
 It wants like that's a great idea and and I'm like now their mindset's not for my listen down
 Like watch what ninjas gonna how he's gonna play for tonight today for eight hours
 I'm like now you're waking up thinking how can I produce something cool to put out there for other people to watch and so
 I'm sharing that with you guys right now for a few reasons number one. I'm excited by it
 Number two my kids are excited by it is giving us hope for what's gonna happen this summer
 We're not gonna be sitting down and just wasting the entire summer away
 But they're gonna wake up every morning with it with an idea and like something that they're moving towards and they're gonna
 Go out and start creating and producing and like putting things out there number
 I don't know about now. I'm four or five three anyway
 Whatever now now the next one's like my kids are gonna start finding their voices at this age
 How cool is that I've been talking to you guys forever about me
 You need to find your voice and and most years are so scared of publishing
 I'm done. Yeah, like I'm gonna start getting my kids start publishing and finding their voice now
 So they feel confident in front of a camera making videos and editing stuff and thinking about ideas and and I was told
 I'm like, you know right now
 You're not gonna have a ton of unique ideas like go find other youtubers and let's say someone makes slime
 Like let's go make some slime then the second time like let's make slime
 But let's make your own version of slime to be put glitter in your slime or skittles
 I don't know make skittle slime and now now you're taking that concept and you're developing it
 And you're like you're coming up with your own unique angles and ways to make it better now
 You're providing value to the world as opposed to just copying right and
 So they're getting excited like that we could do this with our slime
 We could do this with this craft and we could do you know all these things like yes
 Like this is how I want your brains thinking okay, and so for those of you guys who have kids
 I hope that gives you some ideas of something fun to do with them
 And and something that can every single morning wake you know wake them up and get them lit lit up like with excitement
 I'm trying to do something and create something and producing something as opposed to sitting there bored out of the mind
 Consuming something right all right and the second half of this for those who don't have kids or for any entrepreneurs
 Out there. I hope this gives you some ideas of like what you're you should be doing every day as well, right?
 I think a lot of us
 Unfortunately, we jump on Instagram every morning and I'm as guilty as all of you
 So I'll take I'm taking this awesome is less than for myself
 But how long and how many how many hours of the day do you spend on Instagram?
 Swiping and scrolling right how many how many hours they on Facebook or on YouTube or things are you sitting there in consumption mode?
 We are consuming what I would recommend all of you guys do is is you shift your focus like you're only allowed to consume when you're
 Researching ideas for what you're gonna produce, right? So for example, I follow, you know, maybe a thousand people on Instagram
 I'm long to show them a swipe swipe swipe just with the only goal of like getting ideas getting inspiration for what I'm gonna be
 Producing on my Instagram channel, right?
 So I'm scrolling I'm looking like oh, they make cool image here and a cool picture here and a cool thing here
 How's it here's like this swipe app up at I'm looking at these things just to get to brainstorm what I'm gonna create
 Okay, so if I look at you know if I swipe for five minutes, I can see a hundred different people's
 Profiles and pictures and posts and so you know for five minutes I can see a lot and that turned it off right?
 I'm doing it for researching not just to consume. I'm doing it because I'm researching as part of my production phase, right?
 I'm sending on Facebook or on Instagram or on YouTube or whatever channels you're publishing stuff on
 Okay, but make it a finite period time like I'm spending five minutes there 10 minutes
 Then starting clock and 10 minutes is done
 I'm done with my research and then just look as much stuff as you can to get ideas of like what people are doing and how they're doing it
 I'm like just getting ideas of like what you know, what's what's happening in fact?
 It's funny at the traffic secrets event. I told you know everyone's like why don't I have time to look at everybody stuff on Facebook?
 I'm like don't know if you wish to be falling on Facebook your dream 100. That's it, right?
 If only people on Instagram should be a dream 100. You should have them they should be a dream 100
 And you're looking at them to see what they're doing every single day, right?
 And I can look at my entire dream 100 like five less than five minutes and see what everyone's up to what they're doing what they're
 Publishing with putting out there and I can from based on that get my ideas, right?
 So I spend that time and then the rest of days like hey, I saw a bunch of cool ideas saying what can I create?
 Okay, I saw so-and-so who's in the fitness space did this and I'm not in the fitness space
 I'm in this space. How could I tweak that for my market?
 How could I do something similar for what I'm doing, right? And it's tweaking those ideas and changing them for yourself. So
 Anyway, I hope that I hope that kind of helps
 That's what I want you guys to understand that like
 The more you can shift away from being a consumer and the more you can move towards being a producer
 The more your income is gonna go up the more your skill sets gonna go up all these things
 All right
 If I'm able to stick through this for my kids for the next you know three months during summer
 Imagine the end of summer my kids we each got 20 YouTube videos
 They've created and produced and published and edited like how much they learned in that time
 Versus if they sat home and just watched ninja play video games
 Which would have happened had Brenda not mentioned that that you know
 The producer versus consumer thing so my challenge to you guys is to start shifting your mindset for yourself and for your kids from
 being a consumer of social media to being a producer of social media and
 I hope you'll enjoy that
 Because it's very very important and it will change your your business and probably change your life. So there you go
 I hope you guys love it. Thanks again so much for listening if you enjoyed this episode
 I recommend get your kids listed with them and get them pumped about the summer and being a producer instead of a consumer
 And let's get it all the scary kids off their butts off TVs and get them producing stuff that'll change the world
 All right guys with that said I gotta go. I got a busy day of fun things. I'm actually flying out tomorrow to go hang out with Dean
 And Tony
 So by time you get this will probably been a couple weeks ago, but I'm flying out tomorrow morning to go do to film a whole like
 Webcast webinar thing in in Arizona with with the Dean grassy 16 Tony Robbins, which is it's gonna be so much fun
 So I'm looking forward to that got a lot of work here. I've done today now in preparation for that
 So hopefully you guys have seen that whole launch if not go back and check it out because it's it's been a lot of fun
 Putting this whole thing together. All right guys. Thanks for everything and I'll talk to you all soon. Bye
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called calm
 Secrets and you get your free copy at calm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
