 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 Hey, what's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast.
 I'm doing some more Q&A's today, which I'm excited for.
 Today's question is coming from Dan Lopez.
 And Dan has a question about after your funnel's done and launched and live, then what?
 And not so much specific about how to get traffic, but how do you optimize?
 How do you test what's the process?
 How do we do it?
 With that said, let me place a question and then we will jump right in.
 Hey, Russell, thank you for this, man.
 My question is, once you have a funnel that's working all okay, I see in your book you say
 like spend money and then what do you change?
 But it's like confusion.
 Is there a place where you can get help?
 Like listen, you could do this or you can do that or you know, like just like you've got
 so much support till that point.
 But once you're funnel is built, like how do you get to the next level?
 Okay, so I think it's a good question and it's something that's like I would say in
 this game, there's like the art and the science, right?
 And so I can teach the science, right?
 The science is like, okay, page one, page two, page three, hook story offer, you know,
 emotion, logic, fear, like there's all these frameworks for the science, right?
 Because that's one of those frameworks.
 And the second part is the art.
 It's like the things we're putting out there.
 And so even within the art though, I try to create frameworks, here it's science within
 the art, right?
 That's what the expert secrets book is all about.
 Like, okay, the art is you presenting and getting people excited to buy.
 What's the science behind those sciences?
 Like, okay, you know, you know, new opportunity, secret one, two, three, stack in the clothes,
 you know, like, but still even inside that there's still the art you have to bring on
 top of it, right?
 It's the words.
 It's the lingo.
 It's the offer.
 Like all those kinds of things like that I can't just give you.
 And honestly, I think it's similar with the testing, right?
 Is the testing is like, well, what's going to outconvert the other thing?
 We don't know, right?
 This is where we get a it's and half the times I guess I'm wrong, which is frustrating, right?
 But we always are testing.
 And so a couple of different things to think about, right?
 I'm going to try to try to make this as, you know, as scientific as possible, but also
 understanding that there's this art where you're just thrown crap against the wall and trying
 to see what's going to work.
 Okay.
 So this is what happens.
 Like, let's say we build a funnel and we launch it.
 It's doing well, but I want to start testing stuff.
 The first thing we're going to test is the landing page and I'm not going to do micro
 things.
 A lot of times I see people like, oh, we changed the text on the button and increase conversion
 by blog.
 Like those are like little incremental changes and they're great over the long term, but
 they don't have like, they're not like big needle movers.
 I want a big needle movers.
 So what will typically happen is the first test is the landing page.
 I'm doing two radically different versions of the landing page.
 Okay.
 That's the first thing.
 One page where there's a headline sells video order button and second page where there's
 no headline.
 Sorry, there's always going to headline.
 There's no video.
 It's just text, right?
 I'm texting video versus text and that could be a big test, right?
 Or maybe one of it is like video with a two step order form on the side.
 The other one is video with the button underneath.
 They click on it.
 The order form pops up, right?
 But, but they're two radically different designs.
 Okay.
 Because tradition, that's going to have a bigger needle move than just tweaking a headliner
 just tweaking a thing, right?
 Like I'm doing a radical change first.
 Okay.
 And so that's usually the very, the very first thing that I'm testing, right?
 And after I find from that, hey, this one's a cover, you know, this one's beating the
 little one three times over, then it's like, now it can start going deeper.
 And so that's kind of the first initial test.
 Now what are the ideas for these tests?
 This comes back to funnel hacking, right?
 Like when I created a book funnel, I look at a hundred different book funnels before
 I create it.
 I'm looking at how the different structures are on my, okay, this person structure, this
 way, something else, this way, let's see which one's going to work, right?
 And I'm testing two different versions against each other.
 Okay.
 So let's use the first test.
 And honestly, you knew we normally set that test up before we start driving traffic initially,
 because I don't know which one's going to win, right?
 So that's the first test.
 We set it up, we launch it, and then that's kind of where we start this whole, this whole
 game starts, right?
 Number two, now we start like letting traffic go throughout the funnel and I start looking
 back at what's happening.
 So I say, okay, how much am I spending on the ads?
 That's one point that we need to test, right?
 Different ad creatives, which ad creatives are going to are going to get the cheapest
 clicks and actually convert people to highest, right?
 So we're looking there.
 So we're testing multiple creatives and trying to see which one's going to work.
 And the landing page, what percent did it convert at?
 And we've got the sales page, what percentage it convert at, what up cell one, up cell two,
 like we're going through and then just mapping out the process, right?
 And then I start looking at like what things am I happy with, right?
 If I'm getting a 15% conversion on sales page, like, that's amazing.
 Like, I'm not going to touch it.
 Like, it's probably as close to flawless as I'm going to get, right?
 But I have a point in 5% conversion and I'm like, okay, this is not working.
 Like, look at this like a pipe, right?
 Like a, and there's a clog in the pipe and nothing's getting through it.
 It's getting stuck there, right?
 So I figure like, how do I unclog that pipe?
 And maybe it's not on a sales page.
 Maybe it's on up cell number one or up cell two.
 Maybe it's like, you know, we're in 8% conversion on sales page, which is amazing.
 Up cell number one, we're getting, you know, 22% conversion, which is pretty dang good.
 Up cell number two, we're getting 1% conversion rate, right?
 It's like, oh, there's, the pipe is stuck there.
 That's where I need to look at, right?
 So I come back and the same thing, I'm looking, okay, what is it?
 It's either the hook, the story, or the offer.
 This is, I joke about this from stage a lot, but literally this is what it is.
 Like, at each step in the process, it's going to be either the hook, the story, or the offer,
 right?
 Even our initial split test, which is two radically different landing pages, after I
 test that, then what I do, I come back and ask the question, all right, is it the hook,
 the story, or the offer?
 Okay, the hook's not like good.
 Okay, let's try it.
 The split test is from headlines, right?
 Okay, this hook increased conversion by 30%.
 Sweet.
 I'm starting to unclog that pipe, right?
 And then come back here.
 Now we do the hook, it's a story.
 Like, oh, the story's good, right?
 Like, is there a better story, something more intriguing?
 Would I tell too much?
 Is it too long?
 Is it boring?
 Do I need to have it more of a, like what they call a blind offer?
 Like, right, I don't tell as much.
 I'm just kind of talking about what it's not as opposed to telling what it is.
 I do some of the things I'm thinking about on the story side of it.
 And then hook story offer, like, is the offer good?
 Like, oh, maybe no one wants this because the product sucks.
 No one actually wants this thing, right?
 Kind of change the offer.
 Okay, increases bonuses.
 Do I need to, like, those are things I'm looking at, right?
 But then this is an iterated process.
 We would over and over and over again, right?
 And we're looking at the funnel, like, okay, are the ads converting?
 Lanny Page, up so one, up so two, up so three.
 Okay, what's working?
 What's not working?
 Okay, it's a hook story offer.
 Where's the pipe stuck?
 Today, it's folks on episode number one.
 And keep tweaking that test until it's got enough throughput and now it's converting.
 Cool, let's go to the next one, the next one.
 And that's the game.
 Okay.
 I've talked about this before, like, the mantra of give yourself a raise every single day.
 We just had that at our old offices above the door.
 We had it, kind of, you know, when you're going out to football field above, and you
 walk out the tunnel and they have the thing above, it's like, I don't know, we're going
 to win.
 You have all the football players tapping on the way out.
 Like, we have something like that where it's like, give yourself a raise every day and you
 walk the door and we all tap that we're coming through.
 And that was the mantra, right?
 And the mantra is, how do we give ourselves a raise today?
 And we don't do it by launching a product, new course, whatever.
 It's like, how do we tweak this funnel so that based on, we're spending the same amount
 of money on the ads, but if we get twice as many people in a buying, like we gave
 ourselves a huge raise today, right?
 So it's coming back and just iterating on that process.
 Okay.
 So what kind of the testing thing?
 I would say that my guess is 90% of marketers never get to that first phase.
 They launch a funnel, either works or doesn't.
 And then if it doesn't, then they move on to the next thing, you know what I mean?
 And so understanding that it's like launching it, getting as good as you can, and then picking
 a piece and iterating every day, give yourself a raise, give yourself a raise.
 But those are the, those are the things we're doing to, to optimize and get it better.
 And again, it's hard because like, I don't know how you write a book or teach a course
 on that.
 It's not so much like here's the path as much as like, okay, let's throw something up against
 the wall.
 Let's try a purple background versus the white background.
 Let's try a completely different headline.
 Let's change the picture.
 Change the image.
 You know, like you're throwing all these different things out there and just trying to see which
 one's going to actually work.
 And it always blows my mind like, you know, what ends up working.
 Man, about 10 years ago, we wrote a book called 108 Split Test Winners, which we used
 to sell.
 I think there's a PDF somewhere.
 I don't even know.
 Let me see if I can find it in the next five seconds.
 Okay.
 Well, if you do, I do know, if you go to marketingsecrets.com and you go to the home page, first things
 go drop a question down there.
 It says, ask us anything, record a question and I'll move the answer it.
 Number two, if you go to free reports, I think, yeah, 108 Split Test Winners.
 So if you go to, oh yeah, if you click on there, it takes you to the link and you can
 download the book, but it's an old book we put together, but had 108 Split Test Winners
 and just like flipping through that book will give you ideas like, ooh, I could try
 this.
 Ooh, I could try that.
 I could try to pass that one and things I lost and just stimulate the ideas in your mind.
 So that's kind of game plan.
 That's how it works.
 I hope that helps then and hopefully for any of you guys who are struggling to try and
 figure this out, it'll make this game more fun for you.
 It really is a game.
 I mean, imagine you come and you tweak something in your funnel and you increase your conversions
 by 30%.
 So give yourself a 30% raise by making a little tweak.
 Like, come on.
 You have to go to college from there two years to increase your income by 30% any other
 profession.
 Here we get it by testing different headlines or different videos.
 But come on.
 It's the best game in the world.
 So have fun with it.
 Play with it.
 Hope this helps and I will see you guys all again on the next episode.
 If you have any questions, go to marketingseeker.com, post your question.
 Maybe I'll answer live here on the show.
 Thanks everyone and we'll talk to you soon.
 (gentle music)
 ♪ ♪
