 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today we're gonna be talking relationships.
 We're gonna be talking spouses and funnel building and
 a whole bunch of fun stuff.
 So this is not a Q&A show.
 We've got some really good questions coming in from our audience.
 So thank you so much for submitting them.
 If you want to submit a question and hopefully get answered live on the show,
 go to marketingsecrets.com and
 submit your audio question here.
 But today's question is actually coming from Nicholas Tellus.
 And he has a really good question about relationships and spouses,
 both in the beginning and long term.
 And so with that said, I'm listening to this question, and
 we'll come back with some answers.
 >> Hey Russell, this is Nick.
 Can you cover like the top like five, seven things that helped you and
 Collette maintain not only your marriage in the beginning, but
 even this far into your entrepreneurship journey?
 Like what would you encourage those out there who are actually on this journey
 of entrepreneurship that also want to not only get married, but
 maintain a family as well?
 I know as entrepreneurs, especially like even funnel hackers,
 it can be a lonely road, but it doesn't have to be.
 It's those you get to share that journey with.
 And I know there's ups and downs and
 not every relationship's like it's going to be rainbows and unicorns.
 But I'm just curious that if you had to share a few secrets,
 the ones that impacted you and Collette the most that we could take away as well.
 Thanks much love, love what you do, have a wonderful day.
 >> All right Nicholas, so first off, that is a great question.
 And I wish I had a book that could say here's all the answers.
 But I'm still learning it all and you can ask my wife.
 It's something I'm working on all the time.
 But there are some things that have definitely helped from the very beginning.
 So in things that help today, so I'll kind of share a couple ideas.
 These are a couple of tactics, maybe not be the overarching strategy, but
 some things will help you.
 So at least hopefully will help you.
 Again, I've been married now for over 20 years so
 I've pumped about that and hopefully married for about 1000 years.
 And so I'm trying really carefully because, and I'll step back in the new book I'm
 writing that's hopefully someday will be published, who knows.
 But in that book, one of the things I talk a lot about is values.
 And it's funny cuz I'm not a big believer, nothing I'm not a big believer.
 We just have, like inside ClickFunnels I've never had,
 when people are like, what are your core values?
 It's like here's six words, like these are my values.
 I don't, I think values like people traditionally do are shallow, right?
 But as I started looking more, it's like values might, like what do I actually value?
 You're not like courage, determination, hard work, you know, like the cliche stuff,
 but like the things I actually value.
 Like in fact at two CCX, an inner circle we went to,
 we took them all to Mexico last year and we just really
 collect or size where we had everybody write down all the, on the little stick,
 you know, it's all things that make them happy, right?
 So people wrote all these different things down.
 And they're, I've never had these sticky notes, like 100 sticky notes.
 I say, now take these sticky notes and, and I'm gonna like,
 group them together based on things, right?
 So like everything really to work or your mission or your family,
 like, so everyone grouped them together and from like their 100 things they made them happy,
 everyone had like five or six core things that they valued.
 I just actually has my kids as well, it's really cool.
 I remember down, like one of his core values was like expression,
 like how he expresses himself personally, which I didn't know it was fascinating.
 Like, I didn't realize that, but you took all the things that made him happy and
 grouped them together and wonder like, he's like, all these are related to how I
 express myself, which is interesting, right?
 And so you look and start looking at this, you start seeing your values.
 And so, you know, typically we have five, ten different core things that we really,
 really value, right?
 And what's interesting is for most of us, the thing that you value the most will
 become your God, right?
 And so, you know, if you read the scriptures, that's why, you know,
 there's so much emphasis on like love God first, like, like, because whatever you
 value the most will become your God.
 If it's music and that's when you spend your time, like, that becomes your God.
 If it's business, that becomes your God.
 If it's, you know, if it's your, you know, whatever that is.
 And so, I started looking at my values and like, God is definitely a big thing,
 but it wasn't number one.
 If not, it's like, I'm making something else.
 And so like, I'm a big believer in like, understanding that and then dumping more
 time into the thing that you need to value the highest, right?
 So, which is, for me, personally, I'm like, I'm trying to spend so much more time
 this year, reading the New Testament and diving back into Christ's life because
 I want to make, want to make sure like, that's my number one value.
 But shortly thereafter is my family, right?
 My wife and my kids are like, are the number one, the number two value in this thing, right?
 And so with that, it's like, okay, knowing that, like, I've got to, like, whatever I value,
 I've got to dump time into it or something else is going to surpass it, right?
 So like, five value, my business, the most, but all my time there, then it's going to
 surpass it eventually.
 So first is understanding that like, like, the thing you value is where you're going
 to be putting your time.
 So making sure that if you want a relationship with your spouse, you've got to value, which
 means you've got to put the energy into it or your kids, right?
 Like, so many people who get into business who, they get into business like at free time,
 so they can spend more time with their family.
 And then when push comes to shove, they push out their family and spend all the time in
 business.
 And it's hard because it's alluring, like, most of us get our needs met in business really
 easily.
 I get them easier, my needs are easier met in my business than they are in my relationships
 with my wife and my kids.
 I have to work harder on my wife and my kids to get my needs met.
 And so it's easy to default.
 So it's understanding those things inside your own mind.
 Like, I can go to the office, create a video, put it out there, I get a hundred people to
 tell me, "Oh, that was a great podcast.
 It was great, whatever."
 So my needs get met.
 I'm like, "Oh, I feel good about myself."
 Or at home, I have to go in like my teenagers.
 I love them, but man, they are hard.
 I have not get instant feedback when I try to help them and try to serve them.
 In fact, usually it's negative.
 Usually they're angry at me and they're mad or like, you know, same as a spouse.
 Like, you put in time your spouse and it doesn't always come back immediately.
 And so it's hard because like, well, as humans, you know, it's like a river coming down to
 mountain.
 Like the water will go to the easiest path.
 And so by default, we'll go to the easiest path.
 Like by doing that though, by going to ease, traditionally, that's where you lose the thing
 you actually want.
 Like the thing that we value the most when we actually sit down and like, think about
 it, is usually not going to be the easiest thing, right?
 Valuing God's not the easiest thing.
 Valuing our family is not always the easiest thing, right?
 So it's just being aware of that number one.
 Number two then is like really understanding like, like, there's so much, so much to this,
 right?
 And a lot of you know, like I'm big into personality profiling.
 But in fact, we were soon launching a new company, Understand.me.
 If you go there, you can go and sign up for free account and take all the personality profiles
 and see what you are and all these different things.
 But a big key is like understanding your spouses and your kids, like their actual personality.
 Like, what do they need?
 Right?
 For me to feel loved, I have to have physical touch.
 Like, something like, I'm touching me, putting arm around me for me to feel loved.
 You tell me like, and where's that after Mayshia's?
 My number two.
 So you tell me I'm great.
 I feel loved.
 You touch me.
 I feel even more loved.
 Or do access service, like it doesn't make sense to me, right?
 And my wife's opposite to me.
 Like, so if I come and give her a hug, she's like, I don't get it.
 Like, why are you touching me?
 But man, if I go and spend quality time with her, like, she lights up, right?
 So I have to understand like, I have to speak to her in her love language.
 I can't speak to her in my love language.
 And she's got to speak in mind that we have to have this communication.
 Like, kids, I know my kids right now.
 Like, I've had to take the profile.
 So I know which things, like my kids feel loved, which things don't.
 Like, some of my kids like Nora, it's time.
 I got to spend time with her.
 Like, I got to spend like an hour under the stairs in the dollhouse playing with Barbies
 or she doesn't feel loved, right?
 I got other kids who are physical touch.
 I give them a hug and take those back for five minutes.
 They're good to go and it's fast, right?
 But I have to understand those things.
 I have to understand like, what are the pauses I got to put into every single person
 for them to actually feel loved and understanding that and then consciously doing it?
 Because it's not subconsciously, typically, right?
 I got to consciously do it because their love language is not mine.
 If the love language is the same as mine, consciously is really easy.
 Okay, so that's one of these, understanding these dynamics, right?
 Okay, so there's the first thing.
 Now I'm going to go back in time.
 So the things that I learned back in time, like, I don't think that I would still be married
 if I didn't learn a couple of these different hacks.
 So hopefully, here's a couple that will help you.
 Number one, I would be at work having fun, like all, you know, doing the thing and getting
 all my needs met.
 She's at home with twins who are great, who are crying, who are pooping, who are doing
 all this stuff, right?
 And so I'm having the best time to do stuff and I messaged her to have a great, like, having
 so much fun, like, "Oh, I'm here late today because I'm working on a project.
 I'm so much fun."
 And I come home late and it was like, that was brutal.
 It was hard because she's doing all this work, not happy, not, you know, like struggling
 these things.
 I'm having so much fun and I'm doing and then like, I'm not coming home and I'm spending
 too much time away and that was really hard.
 And the compromise we eventually came to over who knows, months, weeks, years, I can't
 remember.
 But the thing I realized was like, if it was five o'clock at night and I told I was going
 to stay till 10 o'clock working on a project, no doubt.
 If I told her, hey, Thursday, Friday, Todd's fine to be pulling on Miders Thursday night
 Friday night, are you cool with that?
 She'd be like, "Oh, sure."
 And then she could mentally prepare for it.
 She knew it was going to happen and it was fine.
 But I couldn't tell her, like, "Oh, I'm not going to be home late tonight because whatever."
 Like, if I told her that nightmarier, if I told her Thursday and Friday I'm pulling
 on Miders, it's totally fine.
 But I had to prepare her for that.
 That was a big thing for us.
 I think I've realized when I'd go on events and trips, or I'd be going on these trips
 and having so much fun meeting people and going out to eat and having those fun things,
 I call her like, "All excited."
 And when I did that, calling her excited, she's a home buyer, self with the kids.
 And it just created this divide.
 And so I started realizing, like, I'm not going to tell her about all the insanely cool
 things I'm doing, not because she doesn't want to know, but especially in the moment
 when she's struggling, like, I got to be there for her.
 As much as I'm having, like, the phone call at night is about talking to her about her
 and her frustrations and her struggles.
 And I'll tell her when I get home about how much fun I have, but not in the moment.
 In the moment, I'm not having fun.
 She's at home being in charge of everything.
 And, like, if I'm rubbing in my excitement and fun on her when she's in the middle of
 this pain, like, it is not a positive thing.
 And so I got really good at delaying me, telling the stories of the great stuff to a
 spot where we were both happy and like, "Oh, let me tell you what happened last week.
 It was so cool and this and this.
 And we can enjoy it together."
 Versus, like, "Cool out.
 I know you're with the kids right now.
 I know I can hear them crying back.
 I'm like, "What the cool thing I just did when I just experienced."
 Right?
 Understanding when to talk about things and timing listings had a big difference on it.
 So those are some little things as we were growing as we were going through it.
 Nowadays, I think the bigger things are just understanding, again, like her priorities.
 Like, what is she looking for?
 Like, my wife's got very specific things she wants to do.
 So I got to make sure that she's able to do those things, right?
 And then by doing that, she lets me do the things I want, right?
 Like, it's not like it's like, "You can do this.
 I'm going to do this.
 It's not that way."
 It's like me understanding, like, what are things most important?
 And I'm going to move heaven and earth and make sure she can go do those things, right?
 And then by doing that, she's more cool when I'm like, "Hey, I'm going to fly across the
 country and go look at small books."
 She's like, "What?
 Why would you want to do that?"
 I'm like, "I don't know, but that's what brings me happening."
 She's like, "Cool, go do that thing."
 And then she's like, "I want to go do this thing.
 I'm going to be cool."
 And like, being okay with it, and like, just, that makes sense.
 Like, it's not a compromise.
 I'm not what I'm saying.
 It's more like understanding that she's going to do things to bring her happiness.
 And if I'm like, trying to pull her back on that, then she was like, "I'm trying to
 get happiness for myself," right?
 But if I'm like, "Yeah, go do those things.
 Let her pursue the things to bring her happiness."
 Then she's cool with me pursuing things to bring me happiness, right?
 Does that make sense?
 It's those type of things.
 If you have studies, Stacy and Paul, in relationship development, one of the biggest
 keys that I've learned is spend hard.
 This is like the hardest thing.
 I think it's drilled in humans.
 But it's this process they call demand relationship where the way that we try to get what we want
 is by demanding it, right?
 Demanding our kids do this, demanding our friends do this, demanding our spouse does this.
 And it's interesting if you study Stacy and Paul, they talk about back in the day that
 was possible, right?
 Because like, the husband and wife, he married and divorced with the illegal, so the husband
 and the wife would do these things and she had to do them because of nowhere to escape.
 As soon as the power player who's demanding stuff, as soon as the ops person has the ability
 to leave, then demand relationship breaks.
 It doesn't work anymore, right?
 Which, I don't know, whenever divorces became legal, right?
 And then the person could leave, it changed the thing, right?
 You see the same thing with kids, like where a parent will demand relationship with kids
 and force them to do all these kind of things.
 But soon the kid turns 18 and they have the ability to leave, then the person goes nuts,
 right?
 And it's hard because in our head, right, we just want to force people to do what's
 like the thing that we value the most, and we try to force them to do it, thinking that
 like by forcing them to value the thing that we value, they'll eventually start valuing
 the thing that we value, but it doesn't happen that way.
 Instead, it pushes them away and then when they have freedom, when they're able to leave,
 when they're able to escape, then they hate the thing that you value because you were
 demanding it to them, right?
 A good situation I'm sitting out like, I want to value God as number one, right?
 And I want my kids to value him as number one as well.
 And so, you know, we try to like do these things with our kids.
 And when we like introduce them to things we value and we show them why we're excited
 and we show happiness to why we value this thing, then our kids value.
 And we try to force our kids like, you have to do these things.
 You have to believe these things.
 We have to do things.
 Then it pushes them away, right?
 And they may do it while they're with you, but then they resent you as soon as they leave,
 they fall away from the thinking value.
 I think this is one of the biggest struggles we have as humans.
 And this is a tangent.
 Who knows?
 Hopefully you guys are getting some value on this, but each of us have things we value.
 The people we love, we want them to value the same things we do.
 That's why we connect people with the same values as us, right?
 It's like, oh, they value the same they had to do.
 So like, we connect really easily, but when someone's values are different than ours,
 that's where we struggle.
 Or when you and somebody have the same value in one thing, but in different values, something
 else.
 That's why they always say like, never want to meet your heroes, right?
 Because typically your heroes, you value them because of one thing, right?
 Like, I'll use Dan Kennedy's example.
 Me and Dan Kennedy have like huge value on marketing and persuasion and sales, right?
 We have very, very different, different religious values and beliefs, right?
 And so I meet Dan Kennedy, I'm like, oh my gosh, this is amazing.
 And then I meet him and I'm like, oh, we value these things differently.
 That's what most people are like, oh, I don't meet your heroes because they're going to
 disappoint you because like you value the same thing one way, but something else you
 value differently.
 And what I'm learning now is like, I can love people for the things that we value the
 same and I don't have to judge them if things we value differently because then you ruin
 these amazing relationships, right?
 Anyway, I'm going on a tangent necklace.
 Sorry about this, man.
 Hopefully you guys are all getting some value.
 I'm not going to value from this, but it's interesting.
 And I think it's understanding that like we can love somebody for the things that we value
 in common, but we don't have to hate them because we value other things differently,
 right?
 And I think that's why we have frustration with kids or with spouses where we have, you
 know, I think the more things you and your spouse value the same, the easier life is,
 right?
 But when you value something that they don't, and vice versa gets really hard or if two
 of you guys value something for a while, but then eventually those values, like someone's
 values shift or they change the things they actually value now isn't the same as it used
 to be, it causes frustration, right?
 That's what's interesting.
 Just as a side note, because this is a marketing podcast, right?
 Like the things that you value that you put into the universe, the people who have similar
 values will come to you.
 That's why Myron Golden says this, a lie, says you don't attract who you, who you want,
 you attract who you are, right?
 The values you put out there that people see, like they're going to be attracted to that
 so they're like, oh, I want these kind of people, but if you're not, if you're not that kind
 of person, you're not going to attract those kind of people.
 It's just interesting.
 So anyway, there's some deep tangent stuff that I haven't spoken publicly enough to like
 know how to clearly explain it, but that's a big part.
 So anyway, so that comes back to what we were talking about earlier with demand relationship.
 Like in any relationship where I'm trying to demand somebody to do my thing, it causes
 problems, right?
 So if I'm like, Hey, Klet, I want you to come with me to this trip to bring a little
 book.
 She doesn't have any, she doesn't value him.
 She may do it because she loves me, but it's going to be this weird thing where in the
 same thing where she's going to do something that, you know, I want to be able to give her
 the freedom and space to like pursue the things she values.
 So she'll give me freedom space to pursue the things I value.
 I don't want to give my kids the freedom space to pursue the things they value as well.
 And yes, I want them to value the same things I am.
 And so I'm going to use persuasion and influence to try like to tell stories and show the
 reason why these things that value make me happy and if they can see that they actually
 make me happy, they're more likely to value them in the future versus me forcing them to
 try to make these things.
 Does that make sense?
 Like, anyway, Ramlings with Russell, hopefully you guys got something from this.
 So anyway, I hope that helps, man.
 Again, I don't have a perfect, but it comes down to these kinds of things like thinking
 through these things like what are, what are their personalities, what are their love
 languages, what are the things that they need to actually feel happy, right?
 And what are the things they value and how do I encourage them to pursue the things that
 they value versus the things that I want them to value?
 And this is the hardest thing because we want somebody to, because we like value it so
 much, we know it's good for them, we want to force it upon them, but if they don't value
 it, then I can't force it.
 So instead, how do I help them pursue the things that they value and be excited for
 them as they're pursuing them and like legitimately excited for them, right?
 Even though sometimes they drive you crazy.
 And then by doing that, I feel like the more you allow other people to have the more
 that they're, and this isn't perfect, some people aren't, but like the more that traditionally
 they'll let you pursue the things that you value as well, which, you know, with my wife
 has the greatest things, like she knows I'm obsessed with these old books and the steps
 to marketing and business.
 And so she allows me to pursue these things with all my heart and my mind and she knows
 I love them and she loves me.
 And so therefore, you know, she doesn't understand them, it doesn't care about them.
 She allows me to pursue them because she's like, man, look how happy Russell gets because
 these things like a happy as people get on top of it, right?
 And then I got to give her the same dignity and respect though.
 Otherwise it causes the imbalance and the problems and the issues.
 So anyway, hope that helps.
 I had no idea.
 We went on a huge tangent.
 I should re-listen to your question, Nicholas, to make sure we answered it.
 But anyway, that, again, these are the things I don't have the actual answer, but these
 are the things I think through a lot that are running in my head and that I'm trying
 to like figure out for myself and for the people that I love the most, right?
 The people that I value, like how do I help them to pursue the things?
 And that's what I love about this business for me, right?
 Like I am enabling people with tools and technology and information to help them to pursue the
 things and to promote the things that they value the most.
 Not necessarily things that I value, but the things that they value.
 That brings me happiness.
 So anyway, there you go.
 Hopefully you guys got something from this.
 If you did, please show us podcasts of other people.
 If you didn't, don't tell anybody to skip the next episode.
 Anyway, I had fun answering some questions today.
 Again, if you guys have questions about me answering live on the show, go to marketingseakers.com.
 There's a blog there where you can submit audio questions and I've been going through
 and answering them.
 All of them is asking real legitimate questions.
 Half of your questions you guys are submitting are like weird, like customer support issues.
 This is not a customer support hotline.
 We've got support.
 Yeah.
 On the footer of any email or website, there's a link to our support.
 Click on it.
 My support team.
 We've got 200 plus people who man support.
 They can answer support questions.
 I'm here to answer your strategy questions.
 So if you got one for me, go to marketingseakers.com, submit it, and hopefully it'll end up on a
 future episode here at the marketing secret show.
 Thanks so much for listening and we'll see you guys all soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 (gentle music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
