 What's up, everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the marketing secret show.
 Today is another Q&A episode.
 Today we've got a really cool question from Jesse Price.
 Jesse is a freelancer and he had a question about, well, actually, I'm not even going
 to tell you.
 Let's load up the question.
 You can hear it from Jesse's mouth and then we'll jump back in and answer it.
 Hey, Russell, what's up?
 My name is Jesse Price and I actually work with Quinn Ann, one of your, uh, two-year-olds.
 I work with him and his agency as a freelancer, but I wanted to know if you had to start in
 the digital marketing space, all over again, online marketing, internet marketing, and
 let's say that provided you already had the funnel, funnel build structure figured out
 if you could already do that skill set pretty proficiently for yourself and for others,
 what would be the number one skill that you focused on outside of that?
 Would it be driving traffic?
 Would it be launch campaigns?
 Would it be offers?
 Would it be copywriting?
 Would it be, you know, video creation?
 What would be the number one skill if you were just a freelancer on your own or you
 and a super small team?
 I'm just kind of curious to say what I would be.
 I have read your books and if you cover this previously, then I missed it all the times
 that I've read through your books, but just curious.
 Appreciate it.
 Love your show.
 Love your content.
 Thanks, man.
 All right, Jesse.
 So great question.
 And I know this is a cliche answer, but the answer is it depends, right?
 It depends on your skill set.
 Like, what's the thing that you like to do the most?
 That's also cool about digital marketing and any of these businesses.
 There's all these different things, right?
 There's copywriting.
 There's traffic generation.
 There's ads.
 There's design.
 There's all these pieces.
 And so the thing is like, what's the thing that you're most obsessed with?
 The thing that gets you most excited?
 The thing that like you bring unique value to the table that nobody else has, right?
 Like, that's the question.
 Like, what is that thing for you that's different than it's better than anybody else
 can do because that's the answer, right?
 Leveraging that.
 So I'm like, I'm like, I have some of the best copywriters in the world, but they pitched
 me on funnel building services.
 I'm like, ah, right?
 I got some of the best designers on the world.
 They pitched me on copy services.
 Ah, it's like, what's the unique thing you have, right?
 When I started building relationships after ClickFunnels got launched, the unique thing
 I had was like, could build funnels, right?
 And for me, it was like, I can build a funnel.
 I can drive traffic.
 I can do all those things.
 But most of them had an email list.
 Most of them had these things, but the piece they were missing was the funnel.
 And so what I found is I found people who were authors who were launching books, who were
 launching them on Amazon or whatever, I was like, ah, don't do that.
 Okay, so good examples.
 When ClickFunnels first came out first year, that year, Dave Asprey, the guy who wrote
 the Bulletproof Diet and made up Bulletproof Coffee, all that kind of stuff, he was launching
 his cookbook.
 You know, I launched book number one, cookbook was coming out.
 I'd seen him messaging it on social.
 I also knew he used ClickFunnels.
 We saw a ClickFunnels page of his in the past.
 So I found his team and I was like, hey, I see he's launching a book.
 Do you guys need help with the book funnel?
 And they're like, what's the book funnel?
 I'm like, ah, let me tell you.
 And so I told them and then we flew out to LA or whatever the Bulletproof Cafe was at.
 We flew out there and we did the book funnel for him.
 We filmed him, filmed upsells, filmed down.
 So I took everything my team built it all out and like we built a relationship with him,
 gave him this funnel, handed over steam and they ran with it, right?
 I'm sending out Tony Robbins about the same time Tony was coming out with his new book.
 And so I'm like, hey, Tony, your book's coming out.
 See you put it on Amazon.
 You're doing this big PR thing.
 Can I have him build a book funnel?
 He's like, sure, what's the book funnel?
 And then boom, we have built a book funnel for him, help him in.
 It was, it was amazing, right?
 And so that's the, um, that's the real answer.
 Like what's the unique thing you have, right?
 And then what's your end goal?
 For me, it's like I want it, like my only end goal was like I wanted to get really cool
 people using click funnel.
 So I was just going and doing these things for free, right?
 But if you came in and you're like, I want a client, like what kind of client do you
 like?
 Who's your dream person to work with?
 You know, recently, and I can say this now because yesterday as of the time I'm recording
 this, I signed the contract, but some of you guys probably know I'm mildly obsessed with
 Napoleon Haley's, my favorite author.
 Um, and I love his stuff.
 And so I was like, I want to, I want to, I want to publish this thing on for more things
 out there.
 Like this is my skill.
 So like I want to, I want to take what he's getting, what he's creating the past and
 help blow it up.
 And so I was like, I need to build a relationship with the Napoleon Hill foundation, right?
 And so he came to them and it's like, what do they need?
 Like, how can I help them?
 Like looking at all this that they have and say, how can I help?
 And then coming in and saying, Hey, this is who I am.
 This is what you've got.
 I can do this thing, right?
 For Tony, I can build a book funnel for Dave Aster.
 I can build a book funnel for, um, for, um, for Napoleon Hill foundation is different.
 You guys will see what it is soon, but, um, it's looking at those things.
 So I don't want to say more so than like what skill sets should I focus on?
 It's like, what's the end goal?
 Like what are you trying to get to, right?
 You get at the end of my like, I want to, for me, it was like, I want to publish and
 pull in his books and I want to do more than just like republish a book or create courses
 and membership sites and like, I want to do a whole bunch of really cool things around
 that.
 And so I was like, that's the end goal.
 So now I know what that is.
 And here's the skills that I have.
 What's the gap that's happening in between here and here that I can go and fill the gap.
 I can add value.
 I can help people out, um, along the way.
 And so that my recommendation, I know it's not like this is the one thing, but the reality
 is it's not the one thing.
 It's, it's your skill set.
 And how do you bridge a gap that somebody else doesn't have?
 Right.
 It's tough.
 Like if I was to go, let's say I want to do a deal with Dean Gracias here, right?
 He has a team and he's got great funnel builders.
 So it, it, like my skill set might not work for him.
 So like, cool.
 I'm not going to go do a partnership with Dean because he already has the things that
 I'm, that I'm looking for, right?
 But over here, there's, there's an opportunity.
 There is somebody over here, um, where they have a huge gap.
 And so I'm looking for gaps.
 And um, yeah.
 So hopefully that kind of helps you, um, to think through this, but I think the most
 powerful thing that most freelancers are, are forgetting is like they're going out,
 trying to just get a gig, right?
 And I've hired a ton of freelancers in, in, you know, from copy to emails to design to
 everything.
 And I think a lot of times that, um, a lot of freelancers are so short-sighted with like,
 I'm going to do this deal for money and they just trade, you know, time for money type
 thing.
 That's like where so much of these things kind of, uh, land on as opposed to looking at the
 bigger picture.
 Like I didn't charge Dave Ashford.
 I didn't charge Dave.
 I didn't charge a pulling hill foundation.
 Like, um, but I was trying to do something bigger.
 Like what strategically like, how can I bring my skill sets into an organization into something
 where I'm not just getting paid X amount per hour, X amount per email, X amount per funnel.
 But like there's, there's synergy, right?
 Like the pulling hill foundation project, like I think over the next 12 months, like
 I might take home from that.
 It'll be at least $10 million in my pocket personal.
 And so like is it worth the time energy I do to like get that connection, build the
 relationship, do the thing and then doing all the work now.
 Yeah, but it's going to be, it's going to be super profitable for them.
 Huge win for them.
 It's also going to be hugely profitable for me as well.
 And so it's just thinking through it through that lens of just like, how does the skills
 that you have?
 How can you turn that into something, something bigger?
 You know, a lot of times it's not just, I'm going to write emails for you, but it's in
 fact, uh, who was it?
 Uh, Bob Sterling, he's a licensing guy, like has a bunch of courses on licensing.
 He wrote six emails, uh, or AD, whatever, he wrote an email sequence for a camera remark.
 I'm going to say chiropractor, it might not have been.
 And he went to this local chiropractor, ran it.
 It converted really well.
 So he took those six emails instead of just like going and writing emails for that chiropractor
 for life.
 He took the six emails and he's, he took those and he licensed them.
 So we went to another chiropractor that, Hey, I have these six emails, I can take your
 dead files, send these emails out to him.
 And from that, you're going to get X amount of clients.
 Um, all licensees to you for $1,500 or license to you for 20% of any profit that comes in
 from whenever it is, right?
 And also he took the emails here at once, licensed this chiropractor sends the emails out.
 Somebody comes in, takes the next chiropractor next when it starts like stamping the scene,
 it takes the six email sequence and now like licensed at 500 times and makes insane amounts
 of money.
 You go to Hermosey when Homerosey had gym launches the same thing.
 Like he had a process he had created to launch gyms.
 He went and he physically flew out and launched five or six different, you know, a dozen gym,
 two dozen gyms, whatever.
 They came back, licensed the process.
 So it was for $36,000 to a gym to take his process and to launch their gym, right?
 And it's crazy.
 It all was a membership site with videos, right?
 He was charged a membership site and sold it for 50 bucks a month to gym owners.
 But instead he's like, instead of selling access to the membership site for $50 a month,
 I'm going to license this con, license the emails and sequences and the ads to people
 for $36,000 a year, right?
 And just like taking the same thing but structuring it differently, right?
 And so those are the things like looking at your skillset, how do I structure this to
 increase the value of what I'm doing, you know, and especially in a different organization
 or a business from trying to try and tie yourself into, where is it that, the way you're doing
 is unique and different.
 Like they're missing that gap.
 They don't have a webinar.
 She's bringing in a building webinar form.
 They don't have a book form.
 She'll bring that in.
 Now it's like, you're this revenue generation part of the business they didn't have before,
 right?
 Or you have a team that can drive ads, right?
 I had somebody who messaged me and I get people all the time, but someone recently
 who I know is run nine figure campaigns for different people.
 And she messaged me and was like, hey, do you have any funnels you're struggling with?
 You want us to take over?
 I'm like, yes, I got like four that are amazing, but they're like not working.
 She's like, I can just take them over and we'll just do all the work for you and we'll
 send you some money every month.
 I'm like done.
 Like because again, it's like I have a pain point in this specific section and area of
 the business and they can take it and they can run with it.
 So anyway, this was not so much like here's the answer as much as here's the thought process.
 Here's the things you're not a strategic think about this differently.
 So to open up more windows, it can increase the value of what you're bringing to the table
 for a business and hopefully land you the dream partnership, dream job, dream gig.
 Yeah, so hopefully that helps.
 Anyway, if you enjoyed that, you guys, please share it so that people know about marketing
 secrets podcast.
 Jesse, if you're like that didn't answer them, please come back again to marketing seekers.com.
 We recently have a question and hopefully I answered better, but hopefully some of you
 guys got some value from this.
 And again, if you want me to answer your question live, go to marketing seekers.com.
 There's a spot, submit your question and maybe I'll answer it live all on the show.
 Thanks everybody and we'll see you guys on the next episode of the marketing seekers podcast.
 (gentle music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
