 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 I'm excited to be hanging out with you today for a lot of reasons.
 But number one is a little while ago on marketingsecrets.com,
 we put up a block that said ask Russell anything and I'll answer on the podcast.
 And so I put the block up there and I told people on a couple of podcast
 episodes to go and submit your questions and I'll answer them.
 And then I waited and I waited and I thought that nobody was sending questions in.
 And I was kind of like, well that sucks.
 I thought people had some questions.
 And then one night, one late night, I was sitting at home and
 I thought I'm going to log into the system and actually see what's happening.
 So I logged into the system and I thought it was going to email me all the things.
 And I had forgot to check the boxes and email responses to me.
 So I logged into this inbox and there are like ten pages of amazing questions from
 you guys that I hadn't even seen before.
 So I'm going to start doing these more often where I jump in here,
 answer one or two Q&As and throw them out as episodes to hopefully answer your
 guys questions.
 Specifically going to be answering questions that I think are broadly
 applicable to a lot of people.
 And so that's kind of the game plan.
 So I'm going to jump in and out and answer the very first question they came in.
 And it came in a couple months ago.
 So I apologize for my delay.
 This question came from Sagar and I'm going to play the question real quick and
 I'll come back with my answer.
 >> Hey, there's a my name is Sagar Sundam Sahu from India.
 I left my job.
 Now I'm doing my building coaching business.
 When it comes to challenge, five day challenge, three day challenge,
 people are loving the challenge.
 My secret is very high, but they are not actually upgrading to next level.
 But it's your suggestion to be had the best high converting challenge.
 But that is something I wanted to ask.
 Thank you so much, Lassal.
 >> Okay, so I think this is such a good question.
 I'm glad he asked because I want to share this with a lot of people because
 I say over the last 12 to 18 months, like one of the big hot topics is challenges,
 right?
 And rightfully so, challenges work so, so, so good.
 We've had some amazing people talking about challenges.
 I know a funnel hacking live, man, what was that?
 I don't know, four or five years ago, I had to talk to Hazel come and talk about paid challenges.
 About same time we launched the one funnel way challenge that's complete changed our
 business as a paid challenge.
 And that's what we ran that challenge twice a month now for five or six years.
 And then a couple years ago, Pedro Deo came into the scene and
 started talking about free challenges.
 And he blew up free challenges.
 And then everyone's doing free challenges last year.
 He spoke about making live.
 We trained on inside the two common club ex coaching program.
 And now everyone's doing challenges and free challenges and working great.
 And for those who saw, when we launched ClickFunnels 2.0 recently,
 we did it through a challenge.
 You can find it your first funnel challenge.com.
 It was a free challenge and it killed it for us.
 One of the most successful campaigns we've ever ran here at ClickFunnels.
 And so, challenges are big.
 They're hot and I get it.
 But one of the biggest problems people have is exactly what his problem was,
 which is, what do I actually say?
 I'm doing a challenge, right?
 Like, I, I, people jump on, we have a challenge, we go through the process.
 And then at the end, I try to get them to buy something and they don't.
 And the question is why?
 Like, what's the reason why they're not buying the product or the service that I'm
 selling, why they are sending up to the next tier of the value ladder, all those
 kinds of things.
 And so I want to, um, to address that because this is, this is really, really
 important.
 I think too many people talk about challenges and they're excited about the
 fact that that's like five days and then you pitch something at the end and
 not spending time talking about the structure.
 How do we persuade somebody?
 How do we move them?
 How do we break their faults?
 Police?
 How do we do all the things we need to do?
 So on day four, when we decide to, um, you know, open up our car from the buy
 something that they're prepared, they're ready and they're going to actually
 purchase.
 Okay.
 And so I actually want to step back and, um, ask you guys all, how do you
 have read the book, expert secrets?
 Okay.
 If not, this is the playbook for how to convert anything online, how to sell through
 email, how to sell through, uh, you know, ads, retargeting, uh, sales video,
 sales letters, webinars, but also, um, through challenges.
 Okay.
 Now this is something, if I could go back in time a decade ago, I would change.
 But when I first put together this framework, I was doing a lot of webinars.
 I speak at live events.
 I was doing webinars.
 And so I created this framework based on everything I'd learned over two
 decades of speaking from stage and closing and selling.
 So I took all that stuff and then I put it together into what I call at the
 time, the perfect webinar framework.
 Um, and it was funny because it was actually, it was right when I first launched
 my inner circle.
 Liz Benny was one of my first coaching clients ever in.
 And, um, she came in and she wanted to do a webinar.
 And so she's like, well, how to do a webinar?
 I'm like, um, let me show you.
 And I spent like three or four days looking at every webinar presentation of
 every given, all the ones are successful, all the ones that failed and mapping out.
 And I built out this framework that is now affectionately known as the perfect
 webinar.
 Um, and we gave it to Liz.
 She would use it.
 She crushed it.
 I started training people on it.
 I started selling that as a product.
 And, um, and the expert secrets book is me basically teaching everything
 behind this perfect webinar framework, right?
 Cause it is how we get people to move.
 How do we get them to break faults, believe how to get them to buy the thing
 we're going to buy it.
 And my disservice is I call it the perfect webinar.
 So people like, Oh, I'm not doing a webinar or something to challenge.
 I'm like, duh, but like it's not just the perfect webinar.
 It's the perfect challenge too.
 Like it's like it's perfect for all these things, right?
 And, uh, it's just taking the perfect webinar framework and molding it into
 something a little bit different.
 Okay.
 And so I want to understand that.
 Number one is like go back and read the expert secrets book or go to perfect
 webinar secrets.com and buy the $7 script there.
 Cause the same thing, if you look at my five day challenge, I break it down the
 exact same way that I break down my webinar.
 Okay.
 During my live webinar and during the perfect webinar, the first 15 minutes is
 telling my origin story about how I discovered this framework, right?
 And then, uh, the next 15 minutes is introducing the new opportunity.
 Okay.
 And again, I can teach a three day event on this.
 I have multiple times.
 So this is kind of the faster version.
 You've got to go deep if you really want to master this.
 But, um, again, in the first 30 minutes of the perfect webinar is origin story and
 introducing the new opportunity.
 Okay.
 Um, again, not an improvement offer, a new opportunity.
 Okay.
 That also happens to be day number one of a challenge.
 Okay.
 If you look at the funnel hacks webinar, the first 30 minutes is me telling my
 story about how I discovered this thing called funnels, right?
 And I tell the origin story and I do secret number one, which is me showing
 the opportunity, right?
 Which I'm showing them funnels.
 And so for me, it's in the webinar teaching, me teaching funnel hacking.
 Okay.
 When I did the year first funnel challenge, guess what day number one was?
 It was literally the first 30 minutes of the webinar, right?
 I got in there and I told the origin story about how I discovered funnels and
 I taught secret number one, which was funnel hacking, right?
 That was day number one of the challenge.
 Now, the only difference is because we have a little more time during a challenge.
 Um, after I got done teaching that, then I came out and I had two, um,
 success stories come and share their story about the new opportunity.
 Okay.
 So for, um, the, our challenge, day number one, I had Jamie Cross who uses webinars
 and uses funnels to sell her, um, uh, her soaps, physical products, e-commerce.
 She came and told a 20 minute story about how she used everything I talked
 about, like the new opportunity Russell introduced you to.
 That's how we blew parts are, um, our soap is an ocean company, right?
 So she spoke for 20 minutes and then, uh, Stacy and Paul Martino came and spoke
 for 20 minutes and they said, remember the new opportunity Russell has talked
 about?
 This is how we use it to launch our coaching business, right?
 And so they're strengthening it, edifying the thing that I said.
 Okay.
 So that's what's happening.
 Day number one, the challenge, okay.
 Day number two, the challenge is in the perfect webinar formula.
 It's secret number two.
 Okay.
 That's what it is, which is all about figuring out what are the internal
 thoughts beliefs, right?
 They believe the funnels are the greatest thing in the world.
 Number two is like they've got to believe that they can actually do it, right?
 So here's, I have to show them examples.
 Here's how easy is how simple is, let me show you, uh, you doing it.
 And like, I'm trying to help them visualize and see exactly how to do it, right?
 And so that's day number two, which is secret number two.
 And then again, because they've longer form and we've got, um, a challenge
 with a day that I have two people come into guests from two different
 businesses or industries or things who then come and show exactly how, how,
 what Russell just showed you actually works.
 Okay.
 Now you're, you're probably going to want to have with your guest speakers,
 you're going to want them to come and speak for, you know, 30 minutes or an
 hour and it's, it'll actually hurt you more than anything else.
 Okay.
 They're short, they're tight.
 I do 40 minutes of teaching, 20 minutes and 20 minutes.
 So the whole thing is a B and what was it?
 80 minutes.
 Um, so I end within an hour and a half during a challenge day.
 Okay.
 Um, and so that happens day one, day two, day three.
 Guess what?
 It's secret number three, which is the external false belief from perfect
 webinar script.
 Okay.
 If you're not what I'm talking about, go watch the perfect webinar training or go
 read the expert secrets, but secret number three, breaking the external false
 beliefs.
 I teach the, the framework for, uh, for 40 minutes, speaker number one,
 speaker number two, and it ends, right?
 And from their transition to day, number four, day, number four is the stack in the
 close, right?
 From the perfect webinar.
 Okay.
 Day number four is the stack in the close, right?
 Um, and so what I typically do is I lead though with a guest speaker showing how
 everything we're talking about day one, two and three is actually to work for them.
 Right.
 So some content there and I transition from there directly into my stack in my
 clothes.
 And after the stack and close, I have testimonial story person number two, they
 can re edify about the fact that they had purchased the thing, how it worked for
 them.
 Okay.
 And that's day number four, which stack in close and the date number five now is
 the logical re pitch.
 Okay.
 This is where you're coming.
 Like at a, you know, a three day live event, this is the re pitch happens on day
 number three, um, in a webinar, this is the, this is the follow up webinar that
 happens the next Monday to close down cells, right?
 It's where you're basically logically re pitching them, helping them understand
 the logic behind it, right?
 Day one, two, three and four, all about getting the emotional buyers to buy.
 Day five is about the logical buyers.
 And then the rest year sequence, five, you know, if the, if the channel was Monday
 to Friday and Saturday, Sunday, Monday, um, is all urgency and scarcity, getting
 the, the fear, uh, the third close, which is fear, getting those people to buy.
 So you have a motion day one through four, logic day five, uh, and fear, uh, which
 is urgency and scarcity day five, six and seven, uh, or at eight, whatever the,
 however it ends up ends up going, right?
 But it's basically, I'm taking the perfect webinar, I'm tipping it outside and
 I'm breaking it up over the five days for the challenge.
 You can also do that in a three day challenge.
 I don't recommend it as much, but you can't three day challenge.
 The difference is you're probably going to do origin story, secret one, and maybe
 secret two on day number one.
 Day number two then is secret number three and the stack in the close and day
 number three then is, is a logical repeat, right?
 So it's just you're, you're morphing it, but the sales process is the same.
 Okay.
 It's the perfect webinar.
 It's also the perfect email sequences, the perfect retargeting campaign.
 It's the perfect challenge.
 It's the perfect everything.
 Okay.
 It is, um, again, I hate that I call it the perfect webinar because everything is
 just the perfect webinar, but it is the perfect challenge, the perfect everything.
 Okay.
 So if you're, if your challenge are on converting, it's probably because you're
 not, um, taking them through the, the, the perfect webinar through line, which is
 the key to increase the sales at the end when you make the offer.
 Okay.
 So hopefully that helps you and anybody who is doing challenges, not having
 success with them yet.
 It's coming back to the fundamentals of this is the perfect webinar.
 I got to perfect.
 I got to use it.
 And if I do, it's going to be successful.
 So hope that helps.
 Um, if you haven't gotten the perfect webinar script yet, go to perfect webinar
 secrets.com at seven bucks.
 You can get the script there.
 Um, or if you want the expert secrets book, go to expert secrets.com and get the
 book there.
 Uh, it's free plus shipping handling.
 So I mean, for, you can get both of them for under 20 bucks, then you got
 everything I know about how to create a webinar slash stage presentation slash
 challenge training, uh, as possible.
 So hope that helps.
 Thank you so much for your question.
 And if any of you guys have questions, please go to marketing secrets.
 com, drop your question in there for me.
 And, um, and I will try to answer live on the podcast.
 Thanks so much.
 And we'll talk to you guys all soon.
 All right.
 Everybody.
 (gentle music)
