 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> What's up everybody? Good morning, good afternoon, good evening, wherever you are in the world.
 I hope you are having a great day today.
 I want to welcome you back to the Marketing Secrets podcast.
 Today's episode, we're doing another Q&A.
 Great question is coming in, by the way.
 Please keep sending them. If you go to marketingsecrets.com,
 you can submit your question and I'm trying to answer as many of these as I can.
 And I think these episodes have been really valuable.
 So if you're liking these, please let me know.
 Take screenshots of these, post them in Instagram, Facebook, TikTok,
 River, or tag me and let me know which ones you like and I'll keep doing more of these.
 And again, if you want me to answer your question, come on over to marketingsecrets.com
 and submit your question.
 Okay, and with that said, I'm going to jump in today's question from Steve.
 He had a question about my acquisition of magnetic marketing.
 >> Steve Miles, this is right after you announced you were buying Dan Kennedy's company.
 How do you evaluate these companies?
 Do you have some matrix because some of us entrepreneurs have no experience
 in buying these companies.
 And right now I've got an opportunity where I could buy a kind of a defunct company
 that's really not making any money.
 It's just got a whole bunch of assets they've built over the last four or five years
 and aren't doing anything with it.
 And previous owners have moved on.
 I know that's kind of hard to answer, but for companies that are making money,
 how are you evaluating them?
 You know, what's multiples or how are you doing it?
 Really appreciated answer. Thank you, man.
 All right, Steve, so a couple things.
 Number one is I look at businesses probably differently than like a traditional investor
 would, right?
 Traditional investors looking for the multiples and the this and that kind of stuff.
 I'm not looking for deals, looking for things that make sense, right?
 The first thing that I'm a big, big, big believer in is the only real asset you have
 inside of a business is the customer list, right?
 So that's the first question I ask is like, is there a list?
 Is it a list good? Is it big? Is it small?
 Is it buyers? Is it just subscribers?
 Like that's the first criteria point I'm looking for is that.
 Number two is like now how active are they?
 Like when was the last email sent to them?
 How many opens? How many click through rates?
 If I was buying a company, I might even have them promote something just so I can see
 the open and click through rates.
 Ideally, they promote we as an affiliate, like make some money from the transaction,
 but also see if people respond to my and to what I'm selling.
 But just to get an idea of like the health of the list because if you have a big list,
 but they haven't been emailed in six months and you start emailing them,
 I mean, your open and click through is going to be close to nothing, right?
 So it may or may not be worth it, but that's the first question I'm asking.
 And number two question is trying to see like how this fits into my business as a whole,
 right?
 Me buying my marketing was not to buy a magnetic marketing as its own entity just to have over here,
 right?
 It's part of my overall business structure.
 Like people who buy Dan Kennedy's products and services will also need click funnels,
 right?
 Click funnels is my core business.
 So the question is like, well, if I'm spending time and energy and effort over here promoting
 this product, the service, whatever, and the people come from there, like will people
 come from there into my core product?
 Will they buy click funnels later?
 Right?
 That is the most important criteria point.
 In fact, you know, I, some of you guys know I bought a green-green company and a bone broth
 company and like those are very disconnected because they're not related.
 Those are like fun side things I'm doing just to stimulate my mind in because I'm enjoying
 it, but they're not good investments as far as like they're growing my core business,
 right?
 So I would recommend for almost everybody to don't do that unless you have the ability
 to waste money and just throw it away, you know, because it's, it's, it's a hobby for
 me, not like a core business, whereas, you know, the quick funnels is my core business.
 Magnetic marketing buying, the query from Dan strategically is part of it because first
 off, they had a customer list number two.
 He had continuity.
 So he had members who were paying monthly to be part of it.
 And number three, this entire customer would potentially buy click funnels.
 Like they are a direct market to message match, right?
 The, the, the match is there.
 So even if like the company was losing money, if I, if I promoted to that list, my own product,
 click funnels, I would make money from that, right?
 So that's kind of how I, how I look at this.
 Like that's the most important thing.
 So number one is the list alive, how big is this was look like?
 Number two, well, people on the list potentially buy my core product or service.
 Okay.
 If so, that's a, that's a big thing.
 Number three then for me is I did a podcast episode called the Rembrandt in the Attics,
 right?
 And if you haven't listened now, go back and listen to him.
 I'm looking for the Rembrandt in the attic, right?
 For me, Dan Kennedy, when I bought that company, he had 40 years of intellectual property.
 There's hard drives with courses and lectures and trainings and, and all sorts of stuff that
 he's done that nobody's seen forever, right?
 I'm trying to do a deal right now with Napoleon Hill Foundation because Napoleon Hill has
 so much stuff that never got published.
 It's just sitting there that I'm like, oh, these are Rembrandts in the attic.
 I can take these things.
 I can turn them into really good friend it offers.
 I can turn these things into good continuity upsells.
 I can turn these things into other stuff, right?
 So I'm looking for these, these assets that are being, they're undervalued that I know the
 value of it.
 Nobody else might know it, right?
 There's a couple of other influencers on space who have retired who they don't have
 a list anymore.
 They don't have customers, but I do know that they're intellectual property that like the,
 I know I could sell those products and acquire customers profitably and then introduce them
 to click on those later down the line, right?
 And so with that, like, for example, Dan Kennedy's stuff like we went through it.
 I found a whole bunch of cool things and from, you know, cool things that he had offered
 in a long time and we, we plugged those into the, the, the Miffki offer.
 If you know what that, if you go to nobsletter.com, you can go and you see that, right?
 It's the offer that we give people to get them to become a subscriber of the nobs newsletter,
 right?
 Then also, one of the hard drive files I found and when we bought the company was they're
 like a seven year window of time where Dan Kennedy sent faxes to just his diamond members,
 right?
 So the 300 people who were diamond during that window got a fax every single week and no
 one else has ever seen it.
 And I was reading the faxes and they were insanely good.
 So what did I do?
 I took that, that Rembrandt in the attic.
 We took it.
 We put it into a book format.
 We published it.
 And then if you go to diamond upgrade.com, you can see it right now.
 We give away that book when somebody upgrades to the diamond level, which is going from
 ninety seven dollars a month to two hundred ninety seven dollars a month, right?
 And right now we're getting huge amounts of people upgrading that to that, right?
 So that intellectual property I found, I knew how I could leverage that somewhere else.
 So it comes back to your skillset.
 Like what is your skillset, right?
 For me, I have a skillset of taking intellectual property that's got a really cool story behind
 it.
 I can tell that story in a way that gets people to buy it.
 I can turn it into a funnel.
 I can get people, I can acquire customers profitably, right?
 So those are the other things that are important to me.
 So again, it's not really a matrix.
 Like I think a VC company would have when they're trying to build out, you know, when
 they're trying to buy a company.
 But for me, those are things.
 Do they have a customer list?
 Is the customer list still alive, right?
 Will these customers potentially buy my core products and service?
 Like make money, even if the core business over that I'm buying doesn't actually ever
 make money money, right?
 And then from there, it's looking at the other intangible or not intangible, like the
 intangible assets, like the diamonds that are rough, the Rembrandt's, the Attic, the intellectual
 property.
 Like what is there there that I'd know I could turn into money, right?
 Like with Dan Kennedy, stuff I could go through in the hard drive tonight, I could go find
 something I could put up a sales page.
 And by tomorrow I could make 100 grand just like pulling, you know, pulling this dusting
 off this intellectual property and reintroducing it to his, just to the audience to make money.
 But then I could all turn to a friend and fun like buy Facebook ads and properly get
 new customers, which then I could push into the continuity or put them in a click funnel
 or both and kind of moving on from there.
 So anyway, that's the, that's the thought.
 That's the goal.
 That's the game plan.
 So I hope that helps a little bit as you were looking at potentially acquiring.
 The one thing I would add on this is just understanding that the time we're living in
 right now acquisitions are interesting, especially for something like you talked about who they're
 on email list is kind of dead, the company's kind of dead.
 Like there's no other buyer for that, right?
 They're not going to come back and like, I knew a three X multiple like based on what?
 You have no company, you have no business like there's no one else in the world that's
 going to buy that for you, right?
 So you can write down to negotiate things for insanely cheap or have them finance it from
 the profits.
 Okay.
 What's the day and Kennedy deal?
 We got a really, really good deal on a company.
 We did the initial launch, which paid for the company.
 So within like three months of us buying the company was paid off and then everything after
 that's pure profit, right?
 So a lot of deals like that we could have structured and I didn't, but we probably could
 have structured it saying, Hey, here's the thing we're going to finance it.
 My first payment is going to come in six months or now and then I have that six months to
 go and make the money to then cover it later, right?
 When we acquired Lady Boss, it was kind of half and half.
 We paid half money at front and then we're doing the launch and then we're financing
 the rest over, I think over a year or something like that.
 But those are some of the ways that we're looking at the same.
 So anyway, I hope that helps.
 It's really exciting.
 A exciting way to grow is by looking at these acquisitions and also like it's just, you know,
 personally for me, I really enjoy it.
 I think I have more fun republishing Dan Kennedy stuff I knew my own, which is fun.
 So, you know, I hope this helps.
 And hopefully helps others you guys who are listening and thinking about as well.
 If it does, that's awesome.
 So also, if you guys have any other questions you want me to try to answer on the show,
 again, go to marketing seekers.com.
 Go submit your question and I'd love to try to answer live.
 Thanks so much, you guys, for being part of this.
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and I will talk to you soon.
 (gentle music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
