 [MUSIC]
 You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Excited to be hanging out with you guys today.
 All right, so this weekend I was actually listening to the Rachel Hollis Podcast.
 And Rachel is doing a whole bunch of Q&A with her audience.
 And I'm not gonna lie, I got jealous.
 I was like, I wanna do some Q&A.
 So we got some episodes of Q&A with me.
 Hope you guys don't mind.
 It's cool we actually set up over at marketingsecrets.com.
 I set up a widget where you can go and you can submit questions.
 And so I logged in, there's like 100 of them from you guys.
 So I'm gonna start going through a whole bunch of these for next few episodes.
 If you guys have questions you want me to answer live,
 again go to marketingsecrets.com and go submit the questions.
 A funny thing though, it's not a customer support line.
 Like how for the questions you have submitted or customer support?
 Like I can't figure out how to get support from my product.
 I'm like, literally if you go to the footer of any email or
 any website, any funnel, anything you have that there's links to support,
 you click on support and it goes directly to 200 plus people work from a
 different answer support.
 And so it's just funny sometimes people can't find the direct path.
 Like it's a really weird path to get support.
 And this is not a support line.
 This is me strategically, is that the word?
 Strategically talking about cool stuff with you guys to help you out.
 And so all right, so I'm gonna queue up the first question I'm gonna answer today.
 From a long time listeners, second or third time caller about the Dream 100.
 >> Hey there's some saga here from India once again.
 I would like to ask you three core important thing of Dream 100.
 How we should make the list.
 You talk about how you can make list owners, influencer, all those stuff.
 Do you have any updated idea or
 like something that you should build our list or
 dream one like this?
 Second thing I would ask, how do engage them?
 Because sometimes it takes time maybe for you Tony Robbins took 10,
 11 years to bring to FHL.
 So how we should nurture what are the process you should follow to hire some
 people to nurture them or how do you do it?
 Love to know more about Dream 100 because this is something I really believe which
 is a huge opportunity to grow amassively.
 Thank you so much.
 >> Okay, so that's a good question.
 So the question is, how do you create a Dream 100 and
 then do you talk with people or someone else like what's the process?
 And so the answer, number one is what I do.
 I use Trello.
 I love Trello, it's a simple process.
 And so I go in a create Trello board and if you've ever done Trello before,
 it's kind of, it's a canned band board system, right?
 So you have columns and then you have cards inside the columns.
 And so I start traditionally making a column.
 The very first column I always make is authors.
 Why do I do authors?
 Because authors have written books, usually authors who've written books have
 an email list, they've got a blog, they got a podcast, they've got something.
 Authors are my favorite people to go after initially.
 It's like the low hanging fruits, like the cheat code, right?
 So I make a column says authors and I go to Amazon or I start Googling and
 I try to find all the authors who have written a book about either the topic
 that I'm talking about or a tangential topic, right?
 Tangential means, let's say I'm writing about funnels, they're writing about traffic.
 It's like they didn't write a funnel book but they wrote a traffic book.
 So their audience would also like funnels and vice versa, right?
 So I'm trying to find who are the authors who have written stuff.
 And so I make a card for every single author.
 And for me, I usually put a picture of their face or their book or
 something in the card so I can see it and I get to, I start connecting their name
 with their face, their name with their face.
 Like I want to get to know who these people are, right?
 After I figure out, after I get all the authors in there.
 Then I start trying to find out what are those these authors have so
 that I'll go and open the card for the authors.
 Let's say the author's Robert Kiyosaki, right?
 So open Robert Kiyosaki's card, I got his face in there.
 And then what I'll do is I'll actually go and make a well,
 kind of find out about Robert Kiyosaki.
 So I'll go just have a podcast as you have blogs, you have a YouTube channel.
 I'll start finding those things.
 If I can find them, I'll add them to the card.
 It's like here's the link to his podcast, his social media, his YouTube channel,
 whatever, and I put those things there.
 I go to the second author, same thing, third author, same thing.
 I started doing this research, trying to figure out who are the authors who
 don't just have a book on Amazon, but they have these other assets.
 They've got social followings, right?
 And I'll keep notes.
 Like, on Facebook, he's got 1.3 million followers.
 But on Twitter, he's got two followers, right?
 So he's not tweeting very often, but he's on Facebook, right?
 Or he's on Instagram.
 Or I'm trying to figure out what's the platform that this person lives on the most, right?
 Because that's important.
 Like if someone's trying to do a deal with me, you can go see,
 like I've got a big Facebook following, I've got different places.
 But like, there's places that I spend my own personal time, okay?
 Maybe I'm telling too much here.
 Maybe you don't want to know this.
 But personally, like I have a big Facebook following.
 I don't personally post anything on my Facebook wall, or my Facebook fan page, right?
 I don't call them fan pages anymore.
 I could change the name, but I still call them a fan page.
 Because I'm old school.
 My Facebook fan page, I don't personally post over there.
 But guess what?
 My personal page, I do, right?
 So if you follow my personal page, I'm posting stuff all the time on my kids,
 my family, my faith, my funnels, my books, like I'm posting stuff there.
 So like, there's a spot, if I want to communicate with Russell,
 like that's where you need to be,
 because that's where I'm personally posting stuff, right?
 Not so much of my team's posting.
 So I'm looking like those kind of things.
 Also Instagram, if you go to Instagram, you'll notice my wall,
 mostly at my team posting.
 But if you look at the reels, guess what?
 I'm the one posting those things.
 And so looking here, Russell's posting, like what else is Russell talking about?
 Okay, and you probably look like, if you're following me,
 like Russell's got an Instagram channel about his success book.
 He also has an Instagram channel about his old Rare Mormon books.
 Like these are other spots I could follow Russell that he's more likely to respond
 because there's only like a thousand followers over here
 versus three and a half million over here, right?
 So trying to figure out where are the places that actually you're spending time at,
 right?
 Making notes on those kind of things like,
 "Oh my gosh, he's on TikTok a lot.
 He must love TikTok."
 Right?
 He's on TikTok with his kids.
 And I'm watching to kind of see those things, right?
 If you've read the traffic secrets book, I talk about this.
 I'm like, "Go unfollow everyone in your social following
 and just follow the people in your dream 100."
 Because you want to start seeing like, what are they posting?
 What are they doing?
 What do you mean tell the difference between like somebody's team posting something versus
 somebody personally, you know, doing an Instagram live or doing Facebook live?
 Like where are they actually posting?
 Where are they spending their time at?
 Right?
 I'm trying to figure out the social platforms.
 I'm also trying to figure out their email list.
 I'm going to subscribe to their email list.
 For me, I set up a separate email address just for my dream 100, right?
 And so I go subscribe to their email list and then make a little folder.
 So in fact, if they send an email, it goes directly to the Robert Kiyosaki folder or
 the Russell Brunson folder, the Dan Kennedy folder.
 That way I can see all the messages they're sending out to their lists, right?
 And so that's phase number one.
 Okay.
 So I do with the authors.
 Next thing I do, so my first column in trouble is authors, all the authors names, and then
 I'm going deep on all the authors trying to, again, follow them on social, subscribe
 to their email list.
 All those different places where I have access to see what they're doing in real time.
 I'm trying to figure out like what I'm trying to get my finger on the pulse of the marketplace.
 Does that make sense?
 Like I want to fill the pulse like what's happening in real time every single day?
 What are they sending out?
 What are they saying?
 Why are they saying it?
 Etcetera, et cetera.
 Okay.
 That's number one.
 I'm going to go to the bottom column.
 So specifically, so the first column is at authors.
 Second column in trouble, and I'll say Facebook or Instagram or YouTube, whatever it says,
 YouTube.
 I pick YouTube, right?
 Then I'm going to go to YouTube.
 And obviously I already found the authors who have a YouTube channel, but who are the
 other people of YouTube channels, right?
 Like for example, Mr. Beast is not an author.
 He doesn't have a book.
 If I just did the authors, I've never found Mr. Beast, right?
 But if I just focus, who are the influencers on YouTube who have my dream customers already
 following them, right?
 So I'm going to go on a credit column and start searching a new tube.
 Like searching for my keywords and my phrases and my things, I'm just finding, what are
 all the channels that have anywhere from 10,000 to a million people in my market and
 I make a card for each one.
 Okay, here's this guy's channel.
 Here's this lady's channel.
 Here's this person's channel.
 I make a channel and then same thing.
 I go and I post a picture of them so I can see what their face is.
 I subscribe to their channels, right?
 I start looking in the descriptions like do they have an email list?
 Do they have a blog?
 Like where else they have?
 I start doing all that research to figure out who they are.
 And I subscribe to their things so I can get a pulse on the market.
 What are they caring about?
 What are they interested in, right?
 Then I go and I do the same thing on podcasts.
 I create column and trello for podcasts, right?
 And I go to the podcast directory.
 I find one of the top 100 podcasts in my market.
 I find those podcasts, put them in there.
 Let's put the person's face on there.
 I subscribe to their podcast.
 I start listening to them and I figure out from the podcast descriptions, do they have
 blogs or websites or do they have an email list?
 And again, I can rinse and repeat for each platform, you know, podcasts, Instagram, TikTok,
 I don't even know the other ones.
 You know what I'm talking about, right?
 So I go on all these different things.
 And so they have a trill aboard.
 They should have well over 100 people, probably close to 300 or 400 people, right?
 And this now becomes the, this is the universe.
 This is, these people right here have 100% of my dream customers already on here, right?
 So my goal now is not to go market to find all my dream customers.
 My goal is to market to these people.
 This becomes my number one task, my number one priority, the number one money, money revenue,
 money driven thing you could possibly do doing inside your business, right?
 So the next part of your question was like, like, what do I do now?
 Am I the one?
 Should I be the one going out there?
 Like actually communicating with these people or, you know, and the answer is, yeah, right?
 Like at first for sure, if you got a message, you know, if I got a message from your assistant,
 I'm not going to look at it, right?
 If you want to get through the gatekeepers, like you've got to be the person who's got
 gatekeepers on your side, right?
 When I first got in this business, I did the same process.
 I didn't have trouble back then, but basically the same thing, I would go to live events.
 Back then, Armor Moore had the big seminar.
 Yarn Silver had the underground seminar.
 I was going to these seminars.
 I had a list of people.
 I was trying to find these people in the awkward Russell who's socially not into, you
 know, networking stuff.
 I'd go, okay, I got to find these people.
 I would find them.
 I'd go meet with them.
 I'd go talk to them.
 I'd go ask them questions.
 I was like, on a pursuit to get to know people.
 I needed to put a name to the face.
 That way when I messaged them on social, that way when something happened, they would
 know who I was, right?
 Nowadays, what I see is people do really smart is meet somebody, get a picture with them,
 and then text in the picture or send them on Instagram, the picture or something.
 That way when they see this conversation, they're like, "Oh, I'm going to get that picture
 in the hotel lobby with that person."
 There's a connection point on some random hitting you up.
 I'm trying to figure out, how do I connect with these people?
 The second thing is, when I am contacted, I got to make sure that I know what I'm messaging
 about.
 I had somebody, this is a while ago, but just a perfect example.
 Most of you now know if you follow me for any period of time.
 You know I'm Mormon.
 I'm like a hardcore Mormon.
 The beliefs are deep.
 It's not something I deviate on.
 It's something I believe to my core.
 One of the Mormon beliefs is that we don't drink coffee.
 It's a weird belief.
 I don't think it even really matters.
 I think coffee's stupid, but it's one of our beliefs.
 I never touched it.
 I've never had it.
 It was funny because there's this guy who somehow got through all my gatekeepers and
 somehow he got to me.
 He had this moment in time where he could pitch me on his thing.
 He was pitching me on this MLM he had, which was a coffee MLM.
 They had a lot of products, but their core front end product was coffee.
 His message was like, "Russell, this is a ground floor.
 It's going to be amazing."
 As you know, everybody in America drinks coffee.
 You need to have bubble, bubble, bubble.
 This is the greatest product.
 Everyone drinks it.
 I listened to it and I was smiling.
 I was like, "Dude, I know what you had to go through to get in front of me.
 Have this platform.
 Have a moment to pitch your thing."
 You didn't do your homework.
 You showed up not knowing that Mormons don't drink coffee.
 I'm a Mormon and I believe it deep in my soul and I've never touched it and never will
 touch it.
 You pitched me on the one thing that I don't do.
 You didn't do your homework.
 I've seen other times where somebody will get to my gatekeepers and they're going to
 call off me and they're asking the question, "What are you interested in?"
 I'm like, "You missed it."
 The reason why I'm subscribing to your podcast and your email list and all these different
 things is because if I'm going to have a chance, the one where opportunity, I've got
 a chance to meet Tony Robbins.
 I'm going to stand in front of him.
 I need to be prepared.
 So how do I prepare?
 I go back to my email inbox.
 I click on the Tony Robbins folder.
 I look at the last four years of emails.
 I'm looking at all this stuff that's been happening.
 I'm going to try and catch up like he did an event here.
 He did an event here.
 He did a challenge here.
 He did things.
 Then I specifically look at the last three months.
 What's he sending out?
 Does he say anything personal?
 I go to Instagram.
 I'm like, "What did he post?
 He posted pictures?
 His family.
 His kids are like, "Oh my gosh."
 Tony Robbins had a kid two years ago.
 That's crazy.
 I'm like, "I'm not going to talk to Tony.
 I show up unprepared.
 I'm going to look like an idiot."
 I'm going to show up like, "Hey, Tony, first off man, congratulations.
 It's so cool at you and Sage.
 Actually, we're going to have a kid.
 I'm so excited for you guys.
 That's the coolest thing in the world."
 Also, Tony's like, "Oh, Russell is paying attention.
 He's not someone who's trying to pitch me on something.
 He's someone who's a friend, who's a fan who is engaged in my content.
 The stuff I'm doing, my work, my life mission, they're connected.
 If I contact someone, they just launch the book.
 I'm going to buy a car.
 People are like, "Oh my gosh, I should read your book."
 It's amazing.
 My favorite thing is on chapter three, we talked about blah.
 When you start a conversation with an author like that, they sat there for a year or two
 bleeding from their fingertips to write this book.
 You message them like, "Oh, what's going on in your life?"
 You're like, "I just launched a book."
 "Oh, cool.
 What's it about?"
 They don't want to talk to you.
 You got to say, "Oh my gosh, I watched on Instagram as you were talking about your book
 and you were writing it.
 In fact, I bought a day one before you even soon went pre-release.
 I bought it and showed up the other day.
 I had a chance to read page 63 of all the stuff that was great, but page 63, you talked about
 this, that was insane.
 Where'd you come up with that?
 That conversation?
 Now I care about you.
 I know you care about me.
 I need to do it.
 I have those conversations.
 When you're like, "Can I outsource this to some of my team?"
 Sure.
 It's not going to work that well.
 If you want to do a partnership with somebody, you've got to have connection with that person.
 You're like, "100 people so many."
 Yeah, I get it.
 But how many people do you fall on social right now?
 Five or six thousand?
 I only fall on 100.
 I know what's happening in the lives.
 I mean, they're emails.
 I've seen these things.
 When I have those rare opportunities, I can message them.
 Then as someone posts them on social, I comment on it.
 When they send an email, I message them back.
 I'm in these little mini dialogues with these people over time so that when I have the big
 ask and I want to get to know them, I'm not a stranger to them.
 That's how the dream 100 works.
 I know it's one of those things like, "Ah, it seems like so much work."
 All sorts of kind of, I did it myself for a decade.
 Then for two years, I brought Brent and Co. Peters on my team with me to every event, every
 single thing started introducing people.
 I was still contacting my dream 100.
 I'm going to have Brent follow up with you.
 Over time, I got the point where Brent was able to run with things.
 When Dave Woodward came in the company, that was Dave's role.
 I started, Brent moved on to a different task and started taking Dave with me and Dave
 would travel every single day.
 I introduced Dave to people and then he got to know them.
 Eventually, he became friends with them and then they had that connection point as well.
 It didn't just happen, "Oh, I hired somebody to be my dream 100 coordinator."
 I go start contacting these people on the list.
 It doesn't traditionally work that way, at least not in a good way.
 It's like saying, "Hey, I want to find a wife.
 Do I have to go and go on all the dates and stuff?
 Do I have to message all the people in the dating apps or can I have someone?"
 You could definitely have your assistant go and message all the people.
 Now, you have a chance to go and date with that person and they've been having a conversation
 with your assistant for the last six months and all of a sudden, you're coming into this
 conversation.
 I try to catch up on six months of conversation acting like you have a connection.
 I get just not going to work as well.
 Remember, you get one dream 100.
 You get one connection that works right.
 Somebody gets through my gatekeepers and we have a chance to work together on something.
 That deal is going to be worth at least a million dollars or I'm not going to touch
 it.
 Ideally, 10, 15, 20 million dollars.
 It's like, that one relationship is worth that much.
 Did you put in the time and effort?
 Yeah, it's worth it.
 There you go.
 There's some secrets to the dream 100.
 Hopefully, it helps.
 At least get you guys started as you're thinking about things, as you're brainstorming these
 things.
 I think in future, one fun way is another training.
 I might spend more time.
 Maybe it's a whole dream 100 challenge just to go through this process because it's essential.
 It's powerful.
 It's important.
 All right.
 With that said, you guys, appreciate you all.
 If you enjoyed this episode of the Marketing Secrets Podcast, please go to marketingseekers.com.
 Let other people know about it.
 Again, there'll be probably a video version of this on the site as well.
 You can go watch the video, comment on it.
 Anyway, hope that helps.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you have any questions, again, go to marketingseekers.com.
 Submit your question and maybe I'll answer it on an upcoming show.
 Thanks, everybody.
 Bye.
 (gentle music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
