 What's up, everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today, I'm pumped to get a question from Zach Field.
 As you guys know, recently we added a little section to the Marketing Secrets homepage at
 MarketingSecrets.com where you can go and ask me a question.
 I'm trying to answer them here live on the podcast.
 So Zach is a high school senior who's wondering what would be my advice for some at his age
 who's trying to get into this marketing world.
 So first off, I'm going to cue up Zach's question and we come back.
 I will jump in and we'll have some fun.
 Hey, Russell.
 My name is Zach.
 I'm a senior in high school.
 And my question is kind of like kind of cliche, but like what's your biggest advice for someone
 my age looking to pursue a career in marketing and like what the next step should be?
 Because right now in school, you know, we're talking a lot about like applications for
 college and you know, like finding your career path and what you want to do.
 And I really want to do marketing.
 Like I think it's just such a cool career, but I want to know if you were in my shoes,
 like what your next steps would be.
 Thank you so much.
 Okay.
 So first off, Zach, dude, you are so lucky to be in high school and knowing what you already
 know and having some of this stuff.
 Like it took me, man, it took me years to discover the things that I, for you, I've tried
 to give you on a silver platter so I'm pumped for you because you're starting so far ahead
 of everyone else.
 When I got started was, you know, I was probably 22, 23 years old.
 And everyone's like, man, you're the young guy.
 Like you started so early.
 I wish I was you and I'm looking you.
 You're starting even earlier, which is so cool.
 So I would say the biggest thing is inside of this world of marketing and sales and
 funnels and everything.
 There's so many, there's so many sub things, right?
 Everyone says they want to get into marketing, but what does that mean?
 So my first question for you, Dick, what is the thing that you're most passionate about?
 Right?
 Because there's so much.
 Like even from the very beginning, it's cutting like the analytical versus the, you know,
 like left brain versus right brain.
 Like some people are like, are into the art of this game.
 Some people are into the math of this game, right?
 So a good example, John Parks and my team, he likes math, he likes Excel sheets, like
 that kind of stuff.
 So he thrives on like buying ads and like doing all this stuff over there where I'm
 more like spreadsheets or the worst thing in the world.
 They stress me out.
 I don't want to see them.
 I don't want to talk about them.
 And for me, it's like the art, like the copy and the words and the vision and the, you
 know, that kind of stuff.
 The first question is you write brain left, and then you wish side.
 And then from there, and now it's like, okay, now inside of that, what things get you most
 excited, right?
 Is it, is it ads?
 Because then ads, you got both sides, you have the creative and you got the analytical
 side, right?
 Same thing with email.
 You got the words and you also got the open rates and deliveries and stuff like that.
 There's sales funnels and inside of funnels, there's design, there's copy, but there's
 also the connection and the getting things working, the analytics and that.
 So it's kind of going, you know, first level is right brain left brain, then like what gets
 you excited and keep going deeper and deeper and deeper and find one thing, like the thing
 that's the most exciting to you and then go and like master it, right?
 And it could be as simple as like, I like books.
 I like book funnels or maybe I like webinars or I like high ticket funnels or I like driving
 Facebook ads or I like TikTok ads or like, I don't like, I don't like Facebook ads,
 but I do like the numbers or retargeting campaigns or I like email sequence or whatever day,
 but it's picking one thing, right?
 And then like going deep on that one thing.
 And initially it's then providing that as a service, right?
 So I have a good friend, Dave Miz, who when I first met Dave, he was a really good designer
 and then other things and somewhere in, you know, in his career of last 20 years, he
 decided like the thing he loved the most was email and his email analytics and delivery
 and split testing and stuff like that.
 And so first it was just him doing it.
 He got really, really good doing it for himself, right?
 And he made money to himself and then he started bringing on some clients and some other people
 and he did some work for me in the day and he only specializes in email campaigns for
 e-commerce businesses, right?
 So it's, it's, it's all those levels deep.
 He got really good at himself and they started doing it for a couple other people.
 And I tried to hire like, I literally last month, I was like, Hey, Dave, like, I kind
 of saw you full time to work for me.
 And he messes back.
 He's like, man, if you were to be at 10 years ago, it'd be amazing.
 He's like, but I have a big company now for the employees who were already email campaigns
 for thousands of e-commerce.
 It's like, holy crap, he took the one little thing.
 He became a master out of himself, right?
 Did it for himself, did it for other people, did it for more people, more people, eventually
 started training people and then it became this huge business now, right?
 So Zach, for you, I, I do the same thing.
 It's like, it's really figuring out like in this whole ecosystem, like I imagine like
 this huge, it's an ecosystem, right?
 Like, um, and inside the ecosystem is a whole bunch of things.
 There's traffic conversions, copy funnels, like all the stuff I figure out.
 Where in the ecosystem are you most excited and then going in there and figure like, what's
 the nature of the thing that you, that you want to own, you want to be most passionate
 about it?
 And, um, and then like starting there and trying to become the best in the world of that one
 thing, right?
 I mean, who knew that, that, um, email sequences for e-commerce people was going to be that
 huge thing, right?
 It's built, he's both a huge company out of that, right?
 Um, and I can tell you thousands of people have, they have specialized in TikTok, people
 specializes in challenges, people have specialized in email sequences.
 I had somebody the other day I met who, um, who they specialize in taking the perfect
 webinar format, but doing it in email sequences for, uh, uh, coaches who are doing challenges.
 Like that's, that's how small the niches, but how many authors and speakers are doing
 challenges right now that have horrible email campaigns that you could go and you could
 plug the thing into like tons, right?
 Thousands of them.
 Um, and so it's, it's coming back to that, like trying to figure those things out because
 the world is so big and you try to become an expert at all the things, you're never
 going to do it, right?
 Um, I think I was one of the big mistakes I made when I was in my twenties was I started
 learning all the stuff I loved at all and I tried to become the guy who did all the things.
 And I still remember going to an event, uh, one time and at the event there's all the
 marketing people there, you know, and like, I remember Jeff Walker was the product launch
 guy and Brad Fallon was the SEO guy and Brad Callum was also an SEO guy.
 And then there was some of the, Perry Marshall was the PPC guy and John Carlton was the copy
 guy and everyone, there was, everyone had their specialties, right?
 But I was like the young cool kid who was like in my head, I'm like, oh, I'm better
 and everyone, I know all these things, I can do all of them.
 And I remember somebody asking me out in the lobby during, you know, on the breaks, like,
 what do you do?
 I'm like, oh, I do it all.
 Like, well, what do you specialize in?
 Like, well, I can do all the things.
 And he looked at me and he's like, well, that's Jeff Walker.
 He's good product launches.
 I'm like, oh, I can do product launches.
 He's like, well, there's John Carlton.
 He's copy, I'm like, oh, I can do copy.
 And I tried, I was like, because I was skilled in all the things I was trying to do all of
 them.
 And again, I ended up walking away from me and signing up for somebody else's program because
 somebody else was a specialist, right?
 People want specialists.
 I think our ego wants us to be generalists because like, oh, all the stuff I know, the
 breath and the width of my knowledge, whereas like the reality is like people want specialists.
 So what can you specialize in?
 And for me, my company never got past, you know, a million, million, a half, two million
 dollars a year for over a decade until I decided to specialize in funnels.
 And I was going to become the best in the world at funnels.
 And then when I did that and I was planted my foot in the ground, I was like, that was
 like, I'm like, oh, this is the best thing.
 I'm like, oh, this is the best thing.
 And I was like, oh, this is the best thing I can do.
 This is the best thing I can do.
 And I was like, oh, this is the best thing I can do.
 I'm like, this is the best thing I can do.
 And I was like, I'm like, this is the best thing I can do.
 And I'm like, this is the best thing I can do.
 And I was like, this is the best thing I can do.
 And I'm like, this is the best thing I can do.
 And I'm like, this is the best thing I can do.
 And I'm like, this is the best thing I can do.
 And this is the best thing I can do.
 And if you go down the path and you find out a year from like, I actually hate email or actually hate Facebook ads or whatever, that's okay.
 You can change it.
 But the first is like just learning it.
 And then initially again, it's doing it for yourself.
 Number two, then it's starting to do it for service for other people.
 Right.
 And then from there, you have different options, building an agency or turning into info products or coaching or core, you know, like, there's different, there's different things you can do off of that.
 But the key is like, like taking your stake in the ground, going deep on it, becoming the best in the world.
 Do it for yourself, do it for other people and then decide, okay, I'm going to do this for other people as a coach consultant or as an agency and then keep running with it.
 And if you decide down the line, you'll like it, shift and change.
 There's nothing wrong with that as well.
 So hopefully that helps, man.
 I'm excited for you.
 I just can tell by the intelligence for your question that you're going to be successful with this.
 It's just kind of finding out what gets you the most fired up.
 You can spend your day becoming the best of the world at.
 If you do that, that's what's going to make it so you can really have tons of success.
 And build everyone in the long term.
 So hope that helps.
 I appreciate you.
 And for anyone else who's listening, I hope you got some value from that as well, especially those who have been struggling.
 You don't have to be a high school kid, you know, to, for that answer to apply.
 If you've been struggling at any part of this business, hopefully that'll help you guys to get, to get there.
 So thanks so much, you guys, for listening.
 And if you have questions you want me to ask or to answer, go to marketingsecrets.com, post the answer in there.
 And hope I have a chance to answer your question live on one of these upcoming shows.
 Thanks so much, you guys.
 And we'll talk to you soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 Bye, everybody.
 (gentle music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
