 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back the marketing seekers podcast. I've got a really fun special episode for you today
 Recently I had someone in our community contact us and say hey, we were on the school with you know kids
 from I don't even know how young from first grade up to sixth grade and
 I think the oldest kids about 12 years old anyway, and they said we love to have these kids come over and and
 and ask you questions about your your company about being an entrepreneur and all that kind of stuff and so
 I thought it'd be really fun so we had them come over this last week and
 They've been studying entrepreneurship and business and they were you know doing a bunch of things
 They had to like make a pitch deck to pitch to investors. They were going that night to actually go sell stuff
 And so this little cute entrepreneurial
 Clash of kids came here to click phones offices. I thought you know I'm gonna record this just in case anything cool comes out of it and
 And it turned out to be really really fun. This is an episode if you have kids you should probably put your kids in listen with with them
 You know I think you'll hear some new stories and get some ideas whether or not you have kids or not
 But this is definitely a presentation geared towards children and getting excited about entrepreneurship and kind of telling them some stories about
 You know how I built my company
 It was funny
 We had this little throw this little microphone box you could throw to them and they all were fighting over and they wanted to hear their voice
 So they're you'll hear a little bit of that. I had my brother try to edit out any of the the long pauses or the awkward things
 So hopefully hopefully it's it's listenable to listen to everything
 And it's kind of funny
 You know, I think eight or nine kids ask the exact same question
 So I had to re answer it different ways every single time
 So hopefully you guys catch that in there. You know one of the girls talked about entrepreneurship
 Ask who wants to be an entrepreneur and she's like no and I'm like why not and she's like it's kind of like a teeter totter
 Where you're off a cliff or either you fall for cliff and and you die or you don't or something like that
 I was like that is the best explanation of entrepreneurship ever heard so anyway
 This is just a fun episode. I wanted to post here for you guys
 I hope you enjoy it again if you have kids maybe have them listen in as well
 And without said I'll keep a theme song and I hope you guys enjoy this
 Q&A session
 From the kids group that came into our office the other day
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up guys, how are you doing?
 Welcome to click funnels. We're excited. Have you guys here?
 Why did what?
 Cuz I have a microphone and takes out I have a microphone here
 This is called the catch box
 We hold like this and you talk into it
 And I want to do this that way we can ask questions and make sure we hear everything because it's kind of fun
 Sometimes this room gets loud because we have the superheroes everywhere that sometimes mess things up
 So we're gonna practice this to make sure you guys can make this work case who wants to who wants to tell me their name
 My name's Garrett
 My name is Paxton. Okay, my name is Bren. My name is Jack. My name is Liam. All right, so my first question
 You guys know what my name is
 What's my name?
 Russell you're right good job. Okay, thank you hustle and I'm one of the founders of ClickFunnels, which is where you guys are at today
 So I heard you guys have been learning about entrepreneurship. Is that true?
 How many guys want to be entrepreneurs when you grow up?
 No, thanks
 How come I want to know why you don't want to keep
 The reason I don't want to be an entrepreneur is well first of all
 I'm afraid of messing up
 And I don't like the risk
 That I'm taking those who has a cool thing up in entrepreneurial here
 One cool thing is that you can be almost anything that isn't already like a corporation like you can be like a youtubers kind of an entrepreneur like
 ClickFunnels is made by entrepreneurs and it's made for entrepreneurs as well stuff like that
 Okay, so I'm gonna tell you guys my story real quick about how I became an entrepreneur and then and then let you guys ask questions
 I heard you just have some good questions. So
 So I didn't always be an entrepreneur my whole life, but when I was let's see how old are you guys?
 Who's the oldest who's the oldest years?
 How do you 12? Okay, so I was about you're I was about 12 or 13 years old and
 And I didn't know I was gonna be when I grew up
 I had no idea and I remember I was watching TV one night and late at night
 There's these things called infomercials maybe guys there's the infomercial before they tried to sell stuff and there was this guy on the infomercial
 Excuse me. He was selling this book about how to make money in the newspapers and I was like that is the coolest thing in the world
 It's but I and he was selling you had to pay $40 to buy this kit and I did not have $40
 So I begged my dad for money
 He said no said if you want to have that money after earn it
 I was like ah
 So I went out and so I mowed lawns for a whole month to earn $40
 And then I took that and I bought this kit on the TV that taught me how to make money in newspapers
 Which was kind of cool. So that's when I first started learning
 I was about your guys age when I first started learning about it. So you guys are in a good spot
 And then fast forward till when I was in college, I was going to school. I didn't know what I wanted to be
 I like to wrestle. Do you have any wrestlers in here?
 What we got a couple wrestlers. So I'm a wrestler
 So I was wrestling in high school and I loved it and I started wrestling in college
 I came to Boise State's Russell and then I met my beautiful wife and I fell in love with her
 And I wanted to marry her but guess what you have to have when you get married. You know this means
 Money and I didn't have any money. I was completely broke. I didn't have a job
 And I was like I gotta do something or else
 I'm gonna be in big trouble and my wife's not gonna have a house to live under if I'm gonna marry her
 So I tried to figure out how to make money
 But I couldn't get a job because I was wrestling so I had a different way to do this
 And so I thought you know what I could do I could quit wrestling. I loved wrestling
 I was like maybe I can become an entrepreneur and try to sell something on my own
 I didn't know what to do
 So I started trying to learn how to do how to how to make money
 I was trying to think like what my first big idea was gonna be and I tried a whole bunch of different things and guess what?
 None of them worked. I tried thinking after thing to make money and none of them worked and then one day one of my friends
 He said hey Russell. Do you want to make a potato gun?
 And I was like what's a potato gun?
 How many here knows a potato gun is?
 So this is a potato gun and I didn't even know what it was and I was like what's a potato gun
 He said well what a potato gun is he's like you make it out of sprinkler pipes
 And so you get a potato and you put it here and you jam it in so it'll be like right here
 And you get a broom and you push it down so it pushes it all the way down to right here
 And then over here
 There's like a big a big hole right and so we said you spray hairspray in here
 And you put a cap over the top of it and then guess what happens
 Inside of here there's a whole bunch of fuel and there's a potato stuck right here
 So in the in the cap and I couldn't find the cap this morning because I think somebody stole it or somebody just misplaced it
 There's a little igniter and if you click the button on the igniter makes a little spark inside of this hole right here
 And that spark lights the hairspray on fire
 There's space like oh and wants to explode but it can't and so guess what it does?
 It takes the potato right here and it goes
 And it shoots it out and it goes like a hundred yards
 Tammy is how far a hundred yards is if you're gonna do a football game before
 Hundred yards is the whole football field that shoots it all the way across the whole football field. Is that crazy?
 So he told me that my friend told me that I said that sounds like so much fun
 Let's do that so we went and we didn't know how to make it though
 So we went on Google
 We typed in how to make a potato gun and then people had different instructions like well
 This is how you cut the pipes and this is how you glue it together
 And you got to buy pipe this size and this size and this size and this and this and this and I rude at all
 instructions at how to make it and so then we went home that night and we started making it and
 We had so much fun
 It took us three or four days to build our first potato gun and when it was done
 We went out to buy the airport and we started shooting potatoes and it was so much fun, but then guess what happened?
 We were shooting potato we were shooting potatoes and all of a sudden this big huge Jeep
 They had had camouflage on it started coming towards us
 And I was like what's going on and they drove all the way up and now it came this big huge army guy the big old mustache
 He walks over to what are you guys doing?
 Like we're shooting potatoes and he's like you're on because we're behind the airport
 He said you're on government land you cannot be shooting things back here, and I thought I was gonna go to jail
 I was so scared
 I was like, oh, okay, okay. He's like how does that thing work?
 So I kind of told him he's like it doesn't go that far. I'm like no it really does is they prove it like really
 So he said yeah
 So we he started shooting guns with me this big policeman who's gonna arrest me and he shot like five or six potatoes with me
 And then he's like okay, you can't shoot back here at off put you to jail
 So go shoot him out in the forest or something and he let us go and I was like oh good
 I thought I was gonna go to jail. It's luckily I didn't so then
 We had so much fun making these they were so much fun, and then the next day I went back to school and I was yeah
 That's a good question
 So how can we do to arrest me having legal dangers? I think it's cuz he thought it was kind of cool. It could have been worse
 Anyway, luckily he didn't I don't know why but I'm super grateful he didn't arrest me
 So anyway, I went back I went back to school the next on the next Monday, and I was sitting there
 I was like what's my business be what's my business be and then all of a sudden
 Boom the light bulb went off my head you guys have had that before we have an idea
 I was like what if there's more people besides me that want to make potato gun what if I'm not the only person?
 And I thought I'm gonna see if there's more people besides me and so on the internet
 What's cool is it'll show you how many people are typing in different different searches in Google and guess how many people?
 We're looking for potato gun plans that month
 Oh, I wish
 500 100
 Five feet or five there were so rat if you look at the entire world around the whole world
 There were 18,000 people searching for how to make potato guns and nobody was selling a product how to make potato guns
 And I was like what if I made a product? I'll make potato guns I can make some money
 This would be the coolest thing in the world. I can get arrested so I had the idea
 So then I called my friend up his name is Nate
 I said Nate we're gonna make a product teaching people how to make potato guns. They said how do you do that?
 I said I don't know I've never done it before but let's figure it out
 So we borrowed a video camera from somebody and then we drove down to Home Depot
 Maybe it was Lowe's I came home depot or Lowe's and we walked to the sprinkler aisle and I said and I had all the sprinkler pipes in a recorded video
 I said okay when you buy the sprinklers, there's a secret you have to make sure that
 The psize right so you look on here it talks about the pounds per square into the thinking handle
 Anyway, some are just how much the data is and how much these are and what size and so we made a video of us buying all the
 The pite the pieces of the gun then we drove to my wife's work
 We had a little workshop and then we made a video of us record like gluing the thing together making the actual potato gun
 Then we drove and filmed us at school writing out all the different formulas and how you know all the different plans
 How to make potato guns we took all of those different things and we put it on these videos and then we made a DVD
 And this was my very first dv is called how to make a potato gun calm
 And this dvd taught people how to make a potato gun just like that
 And so this is my very first product ever made and there's the dvd inside. Do you guys even know dvds are?
 You've seen those before I know it's a pain to get scratched they have to rebuy a new one, which is good for me
 I don't think you put a bandie on dvd that is a good idea. All right, so this is my very first dvd
 I was so excited. I'm like now what do I do? How do I sell it? I didn't know how to sell it
 So I went I got this website how to make potato gun calm and then I put up a web page to sell it
 I had a little picture of the dvd. I said here's a dvd teaching people how to make potato guns
 Just like the one that I just made
 And I started buying ads when somebody would go to google and type in how to make a potato gun
 They'd see my ad and say you want to learn how to make potato gun and click here
 And they click on the ad and they come to my web page
 And a lot of them started buying this dvd for like $27 and they buy the dvd
 And that's how I got started as an arch through I started selling this dvd
 I sold a whole bunch of them for a while and that was my very first product
 Any questions about that at all?
 What was
 The hardest part about making it. Oh good question
 So hardest part about making it was I didn't know how to edit videos
 So we record them all these on this camera and then I didn't know what to do
 So I had to go like um read books that how do you get them from your video camera onto the computer
 So we got them on the computer and it's like how do you how do you turn it into a dvd?
 I don't know how to do that
 So we had to edit the thing and then we had to glue it together or put it together
 And then we had to burn on dvd so learning how to actually make the dvd is a hard thing for me
 What was the the most difficult thing about making your whole business?
 Ooh
 most difficult thing about making my whole business was probably
 Probably believing it was going to work
 So a lot of times a lot of times we have an idea but you're like how's that really going to work?
 So I do the except to do all this work
 So I do it or not
 So the hardest part is just believing that it'll actually work the very first time
 And how did you make it?
 All right who's that who else got a question?
 Um
 What was the easiest part about making your business?
 The easiest part
 Man, there's not a lot of easy parts
 There's a lot of hard parts the easiest part was probably after it started working
 Because there's a lot of hard work to get it started
 Then when it started working then guess what?
 The webpage was there my ads were there and I go to school every day
 I go to wrestling practice while I was goofing off having fun
 People were going to google they type it in they click on the ad and they would buy
 So even when I was sleeping at night people started paying me money
 So I was making money in the morning at night when I was on vacation
 And money kept coming in so that was the best part
 After all the hard work was done then it just started making money whether I was there or not
 What like how much money did you make about like every day?
 Good question
 So this probably this was my very first one so it never made me tons of money
 But it was making probably between 25 and 50 dollars a day
 But for me that was how many guys were like 50 dollars a day would be amazing
 Yeah, so it was like tons when I was going to college I was like 50 bucks a day is a lot of money for me
 It was really really cool. Good question.
 My name is Paxton
 Thanks Paxton, you're awesome
 What inspired you to make the potato gum?
 Oh good question. So when I was trying to figure out what to make I was looking around
 I saw a lot of other people selling things so I was looking at what's everyone doing?
 And I had a friend one friend who was making a product teaching people how to how to do baby sign language
 And so I said that's kind of cool because she was really good teaching baby sign language
 Another friend was teaching people how to do hair bows
 They make hair bows any girls have hair bows
 They make these really cool hair bows and they had a DVD teaching that
 So I saw three or four things I saw all these people who were really good at something they made a DVD teaching it
 And then I was like well, I'm not good at anything. What could I do?
 And I made that potato gum. I was like, oh, what if that's my thing?
 What if what if I make potato guns? And so that was the very that's why I that's how I got the inspiration
 Well, what was your biggest regret? My biggest regret
 Probably my biggest regret is I didn't start sooner
 I probably waited for like two years before I met my first product
 I was thinking about it and talking about I was scared so I didn't do it
 I wish I would start it faster because I'm like I would have started having success faster
 How much money did you make every year?
 Every year
 Well, the first year I didn't make very much money. I made probably
 maybe $10,000
 And then I started getting bigger
 And then a one year I made a million dollars in the year
 Which was so cool
 And it got bigger and then click funnels this company now so this so I'll tell you what we do in a minute
 But click funnels did over a hundred million dollars last year
 What would you guys buy with that just kidding?
 I buy this company
 You'd buy the company
 What was your favorite part?
 My favorite part
 I love um when somebody buys your product and then they use it and they have success
 That's the best
 So someone who buy it and they make a potato gun they send me a picture look at my potato gun
 I made yes, that's awesome. I helped him do it
 How many did you like sell in the first week or months of your of you releasing it?
 Good question. The first week I don't think I sold any
 First month I probably sold five or six
 And then it got the point I was selling about one a day
 So probably 30 a month one or two a days what kind of average store
 Do you have any like advice for people who like want an entrepreneur or want to get like
 What they're doing out there like if you're like streaming and stuff?
 Yes, great question. Can I tell you a story about that?
 So I have a I have a friend
 His name is Jacob Hiller and when he was born he wanted to be able to dunk a basketball
 How many of you guys here can dunk a basketball?
 In a baby, I'm just dunked on 10 foot hoop
 It's hard, right? I I still can't do it either. I'm not good enough
 But he wanted to be able to dunk that he loved basketball
 But he couldn't quite dunk and he said his arms are a little bit shorter
 So he couldn't ever dunk and so he's like he said I want to figure out he said a goal
 And my goal I'm gonna become someone who can dunk a basketball and said well, how do I do that?
 I'm I can't dunk right now
 He said I have to learn some exercises so we started reading books and started studying like how can I increase my vertical?
 That's they call your verticals how high you can jump right?
 So he started learning started watching videos and reading books
 And then that's how he started then he started learning some stuff and started helping him
 And he thought I'm gonna start a YouTube channel teaching people like what I'm learning
 So he started this YouTube channel and in the YouTube channel
 He would like learn something so he would learn
 You know if you if you do a certain exercise will make you jump higher
 So he showed people how to do the exercise and he posted a video on that
 Then he posted another video learning other other ways and creates your vertical
 And he had a whole bunch of videos
 And to start posting on YouTube because he was he was loving he was learning it and then he would share as he was learning what he was learning
 And then I said one day he ended up having about 10,000 people who were following him on YouTube
 And he was like this is so cool I have all these followers that are that are following me that I don't want to do with it
 And so he asked those guys he said what do you guys want me to like what can I what can I do?
 And so someone said I wish you put together a book that would teach me all the different ways you learned how to jump
 And he's like okay, that's kind of cool. I could do that. So he wrote he wrote an ebook. Do you guys know what an ebook is?
 Yeah, yeah, it's like a book that's online and it's really cool
 Yeah, so he wrote his first ebook and all it was was a whole bunch of different ways that he used to jump higher
 So he showed like here I tried this exercise how it didn't in this exercise
 And he showed like a hundred different ways to jump higher and he put it together and he called the book
 He called it the jump manual teaching people how to jump higher
 And so he got that all done
 So he also he started with having been up being up like excited about something
 They started talking about every single day till he got a lot of people following him
 Then he came out with his very first product which was an ebook and I think he sells the ebook for $37
 and
 He he makes
 And three or four thousand dollars a day every single day selling that book, but what's crazy?
 He did that
 He did that while he was in college
 Then he met his wife and they fell in love and they got married and they were saying the worst we moved to and he said well
 Our businesses on the internet we don't have to live anywhere
 And they said what if we just like pick somewhere really cool
 So his wife and got a globe out a big globe. He doesn't have big globes. Yeah, and they spun it like this
 They said ready go and they stopped it and it was like they said uh Kenya
 Like let's move to Kenya. So they got in a plane they packed up all their suitcase
 They didn't have a house yet and they flew to Kenya and then when in Kenya
 They said they found out that in Kenya there's these these uh these warriors called the masey mar
 Warriors have you ever heard of them before?
 No, well guess what guess you have guess what they're famous for
 Jumping they're famous for jumping they go out in the in these in the plains in the desert and they jump
 So he got to Kenya and he's like there's these guys are great jumping
 So we got his video camera. I said teach me how to jump better and these these warriors in the middle of the the um the desert
 In in africa. I just taught him how to jump higher and he filmed it all then he posted those videos online like
 I learned how to do these cool jumping tricks from these guys
 And he said if you like these you should go buy my book and more people bought his book
 And so he lived there he lived there in Kenya for three years or excuse me three months
 And uh and they the whole time they were there people were buying his book on the internet
 So they didn't have a job. He was just like living and having fun and three months later
 I said let's move and say where's from if you're like, I don't know so he got the globe out again
 They spun it like uh here and it was like the great wall of china
 Like we're moving to China so they moved and flew to china and they got to china like what should we do in china?
 They said what kind of exercises can we do on the great wall of china like well we can like I can sit against the wall
 I can do jumps on the wall so they made videos and doing all sorts of exercises on the great wall of china
 And they put those on youtube and then more people bought his book
 And then three months later they spun the globe again and they picked a new spot and they've been doing that now for like eight years
 They've not had a house for eight years every three months they pick a new place around the world
 And they fly there and they live there and their internet business
 Just people keep buying his ebook while he's traveling the world having a good time. Is that cool?
 And another question is buying ads for like your video like even worth it in your opinion?
 Definitely we spend we spend about 750,000 a month buying ads
 So we spend a lot of money because it's uh, it's uh, it's the fastest way to get to people
 There's there's three ways you can do it. It takes a lot longer. Um if you can buy ads that speeds up the process a lot
 But like for like smaller youtubers you're trying to get out there
 in like more fall away
 So
 It's good to buy ads when you have a product to sell because if you just buy an ads to grow your channel
 It's hard because you're not making any money and you're just spending money
 But if you have if you have youtube channel and you're selling something
 Um on the channel then it makes sense to buy as long as you as long as you make more money than you're spending
 That's all we're looking at. I want to make sure that if I spend if I spend a dollar or I make two dollars
 And you just kind of watch that really close good questions
 what
 was
 the
 best part
 after you made your business
 the best part
 is
 Let's see
 There's been a lot of really really cool parts. But I think my my best part
 Is um, there's this there's this group have you ever heard of operation on a ground railroad?
 So, uh, you heard of it?
 You think so? If you guys know what the underground railroad is you learn about it in school?
 What's the underground railroad?
 It's um, it's how um slaves get away from other owners
 in the get
 Yes, the underground railroad is how they how um they freeze slaves back in the back in the day
 So operation underground railroad is is an organization
 It's called the charity and they help save people who are enslaved
 You know, there's still people in slavery. They're little kids that get kidnapped that are putting slavery
 And um, they they think there's over two million kids right now that are in slavery all around the world
 It's really sad and so there's this group and they go and they try to save these little kids
 So the most exciting thing so far is um, the last two years in a row we helped raise money for
 For um for operation underground railroad and raised over two million dollars for them
 Which is enough money to save almost a thousand kids from slavery. So if everything we've done that's the thing. It's the coolest for me
 How did you get the idea of click funnels? Oh good question. That's a great question. Okay. So after I made my potato gun
 My name so I made my potato gun. We were selling this right and then what happened is I want to figure
 How do you make more money? I was just selling DVD, but I want to make more money
 And so I had a friend he said he said what you need to do is you need to add an upsell
 Do you guys know what an upsell is? No
 How many has ever been who's ever been to mcdonald's before?
 So you go to mcdonald's and if your mom or dad says hey, I want to order a big mac
 Then what does the guy say on the drive to do you know?
 Goes
 A big mac do you want a fries and drink with that? Do you hear him say that before? Yes, that's called an upsell
 Good it's bad for you. That food kills you anyway
 Um, but if you but if you go that's called an upsell so my friend said you should have upsells for this
 I said what does that even mean? He said well someone buys potato gun DVD
 What's the next thing they need?
 I said well they have to go to home depot and they have to buy all the pipes and all this stuff and the glue
 He said what if you put those together in a kit and then just sold the kit and you send the kit out of people
 I said that's a cool idea
 So I found somebody to make these kits and they make a potato gun kit had all the pipes and everything
 All the glue everything and so we did someone to buy the DVD from me and they say I want the DVD
 And then the next page just they cool you bought the DVD we're gonna send it to you
 Do you want to put one of these kits in the mail that way you don't have to buy the pipes?
 You can just glue them together
 And like out of every single person bought the DVD for every three people got the DVD one person to buy the the kit right there
 And so that's what we that's we call a funnel funnel is where you take people through a sales process
 So someone buys the DVD and then someone buys the kit and so that's kind of what a funnel is
 I know it's kind of confusing
 But that was what a funnel was and so we did it for my own business. I did for a lot of other people's businesses
 Um, and then one day I met this guy named Todd. He's my business partner and click funnels. He lives in Atlanta, Georgia though
 He has no where lanta is
 A couple of you guys so he lives in Atlanta way over there
 And he said what if we build software that makes it super easy for people
 To make to make websites and funnels the way that we the the way that you do
 And so he built the software and we decided to call it click funnels
 And uh, and so what we do is we help entrepreneurs
 And uh, we teach them about stuff like this teaching us how to store them in businesses
 And then they use click funnels to build out their web pages and their funnels
 So that's how we got the idea for for click funnels and you guys know what a funnel hacker is on your shirt
 A funnel hacker somebody uses click funnels. So you guys are all funnel hackers now
 So that means you are part of our part of our tribe
 So all of our people they say i'm a funnel hacker
 What was your most exciting part of starting your business?
 Most exciting so there's this guy
 He's six foot seven
 You're tall that is it's like this tall his head's like this big
 And he's super famous his name's tony robins and you guys ever heard tony robins before
 You guys have
 He could be
 Anyway, tony robins is cool. He was someone who I saw him in movies on tv and he was super famous
 And uh, I always thought he was awesome. And so um about 10 years ago. I got to meet him
 And then um, he had me fly out to phyg. He's where phyg is
 He do phyg is awesome. He owns a resort phyg. So I flew to phyg. I got to speak at his seminar
 And then um, and then he spoke at my seminar, which was super cool
 And then um recently became business partner
 So I got to be friends with someone who was my hero for a long time now he became friends and business partners with them
 So that's probably the most exciting you be able to hang out with with a giant. He's literally a giant. He is so cool
 What was the most expensive part of your business?
 So for click funnels, there's over 300 people to work here
 Not all of them in this office, but it costs us a few million dollars a month to pay everybody who works here
 So that's by far the most expensive is all of the people
 Okay, but they're amazing people. So we love it
 What was the most fun part?
 Ooh the most fun part
 Let's see. I think the very first time I made my very first sale that was so fun
 Because I tried to put I tried to sell stuff nobody bought it and then very first time someone gave me money. I made 20
 So I bought something on the internet for me. I made 20 dollars. I was so excited that I took my I called my wife up
 I said we made 20 dollars. She said that's not very much money
 I said I know but it's the very first time I made money on the internet
 So we went out to dinner and spent that 20 dollars on dinner in a movie and then guess what?
 The next day the person who paid the 20 dollars he asked for a refund. I had to give it back
 But it was the very first one so it's still exciting
 Can we watch your potato gun video?
 Oh
 I can give one to your teachers if they want to make a whole class on potato guns. I told you
 That's up to them not to me
 That that would be a cool class in school. I think potato gun 101
 Yes
 Like on the commercials it costs a lot of money. Have you ever like been in debt from the commercials?
 Mm-hmm. Yeah a couple times we tried to
 A couple of us do commercials and they didn't make any money and we got some debt, but we were able to pay it off
 What happens a lot of times a lot of times you'll do a lot of different commercials or ads and sometimes some of them work
 Some of them don't work
 But hopefully get more that work than don't work
 And the other thing is if you put a commercial on TV it costs a lot of money
 But you put a commercial on Facebook it doesn't cost very much money
 What made you come up with a name click funnels?
 What's the inspiration for that? Great question
 Um, so we had it we had this other company that we tried to start back in the day called click fusion
 Now I was like, that's a cool name. I don't know why we thought it was kind of cool, but guess what that business failed three times
 It kept failing and so when we started an idea for click funnels
 My uh, Todd who's my business partner as they we should call click fusion. He's like click fusion always fails. It's bad
 It's bad luck. We should call something different. Like what should we call right click click um
 Waffles
 Waffle funnels funnel ice cream funnel cake funnel
 And then also say click funnels. I was like, oh, that sounds cool. Let's see if we can buy it and nobody owned it
 Right. Yes, we bought click funnels
 What do you sell besides weapons of death by potato
 Besides weapon of death by potatoes, um, so I've written some books
 let's see so
 I've written these books. I wrote this book right here called expert secrets
 I wrote a book called dot com secrets. So I sell these books
 We also do seminars where we have entrepreneurs from all around the world. They fly
 Actually here to Boise sometimes so we actually last week we had people here from all around the whole world
 And they pay us to teach them how to build funnels
 And then um, we also sell click funnels as software
 So most of our money comes from from click funnels from the software
 But usually it's as coaching people on how to build businesses or it's the soft click funnel software
 That's when most of money comes from now
 Where were you originally from?
 I grew up in Utah
 What?
 Yep, I grew up in Utah and then um, I actually I told you I was a wrestler remember
 So I wrestled that I wrestled the BYU and the BYU dropped the wrestling program
 And so I was like where should I go to wrestle and Boise State had a program so I moved to Boise
 And I've been here ever since
 Is it hard or easy to own your company?
 Ooh good question
 Some days it's really easy because I wake up in the morning. I'm like I can do whatever I want
 I don't have to wake up, but some days it's really really hard some days you wake up and it's like
 You have 300 for me. I have 300 people to work for me
 So if we don't make money then where are they gonna get paid from?
 And sometimes then they have all their kids somebody's just kind of stressful thinking man
 There's a lot of people who rely on us
 So some days it's really nice. I go on vacation for like a week and not worry about it or a couple weeks
 But some days it's really stressful. So it's kind of that's the entrepreneurship
 There's the there's really good things that are really scary things at the same time
 Why is your logo like a tablet with gears? Oh good question. So
 Um when we started to click phones, right? We needed a logo design. So we hired this guy
 His name is Mantis kind of like praying Mantis, but he's Mantis and he lives um he lives in uh
 Over in Europe somewhere. I don't even know and so I said I want a really cool logo
 But I don't know what it looks like so he designed like 20 different logos and a whole bunch of different ones
 And that was one of the ones he designed and I was like, oh, it's kind of cool
 I like that was my favorite one and I like the gears because like we could do gears like oh my jeep
 We could have gears on it. We could jeep look gears on our t-shirts and our things like that
 And so that was just the favorite one. I liked of all the different ones that
 Did you ever get like
 When you wrestle did you ever get really like hurt really bad?
 Nothing too bad. I heard my I got hurt a little bit but I never broke a bone or anything super bad
 What was your favorite part about starting your business?
 I think my favorite part is
 My my boys now are wrestling my kids
 They've a lot of sporting things
 And it's cool because I can leave it anytime I want in the middle of the day and go and see them go see my wrestling practice
 Or I can do things like that. I kind of set my own schedule
 So that's my favorite things like I can uh set my own schedule and be able to do whatever I want
 What you nervous at all?
 Oh, yes all the time I get nervous
 Especially sometimes I get a stand-up
 So this is kind of a little stage
 And there's about I think about 50 people can fit in here
 But this this year in February I spoke at it at a at a baseball stadium with 35,000 people in it
 So I walked on this huge stage
 And there's 35,000 people and that was really scary. But it's pretty cool too
 Um
 If you don't have this restricted access, what's the next product you plan on selling if you are going to?
 Oh
 Um, it's a good question
 I
 You know, I love software the software business is fun because you create it once and people pay every single month for it
 So I think if I ever sold click funnels or if I ever got unrestricted access to whatever I probably
 I call my business part taught up. I say kids build more software. This is really really fun
 Because it's really nice some some businesses are hard because it's like you have to
 Like ship products from china or you know the supplements you have to get all the materials and mix them all
 This one's just nice because it's like the we have a bunch of programmers who make the software better every single day
 But people are just buying the software so they keep paying every single month that you keep using it
 Also, um, I'm wondering
 Where
 Like did you get your you know, you said you had that extra pack that was with all the tubes and stuff
 Where did you get those things?
 Oh to sell the kits
 There was a guy in northern Idaho who I met who he was selling potato guns online
 He didn't sell he wasn't selling very many of them. So I bought a kit from him
 I'm like these are really cool. So I called him and I said hey you're selling these kits. I'm selling DVD
 If I if I sell your kit
 Um, and I pay you for it. Will you ship it out to people? And he said yeah
 So I think I can't remember exactly I think he I'd pay like
 $50 to buy the kit from him and I'd sell for
 I'd sell for $200
 So basically someone would give me $200 and then I would send him $50 and he'd send the kit to him
 Really cool
 Would click funnels be something that small youtubers would make what would maybe beneficial to them
 Or would it be like?
 You want to be a youtuber
 No for sure in fact we have um, so do you see do you see in the bathroom hallway yet or the kitchen?
 So we have we have a we have a really cool thing that we created
 Um, it's called the two comic clubs when somebody makes a million dollars inside of a funnel
 We give him this huge gold record and there's two commas in it. Do you want to do right?
 It's called two comma club. Okay. This is why if you if you draw a million dollars, right?
 This one million dollars looks like that's a million dollars. How many commas are in a million dollars?
 Oh, so we call it the two comma club. So anytime somebody makes over a million dollars
 We send them a trophy like this and there's two commas and says you're in the two comma club
 So when you guys see we send them a big one like this big and then we put a small one in our in our office
 So when you get to a tour you'll see all these all over the place and then there's a silver one means
 They made $10 million inside of a funnel
 So, um, anyway, I was going to tell you this because we have some kids right now. There's a one kid who's I think
 What's kids kid 17 or did she turn 18?
 We have one kids like 17 18 he won a two comma club award
 We've got um a couple other kids that are teenagers that are like 15 16 year old that have almost one or two comic club award
 So there are kids that are not that much older than you that are that are doing this
 We had one girl who was here last week. She was when she was 13 years old
 She's her mom taught her about how this whole business works and she started selling scarves
 And it's 13 years old she made over $100,000 on the internet selling scarves
 That crazy and then when she turned 16
 She didn't want to get a driver's license because she had too much money
 So she just had ubers drive around everywhere. So she never got a driver's license. That's how much money she had
 That'd be crazy
 Take an uber to school every day
 If you're just selling like merchandise on your channel like like not how youtubers sell merchandise
 If you were to make merchandise would it be worth it to advertise it to your click funnels or yeah for sure
 Okay, yep for sure
 What was like the part that you kind of found most interesting
 Who was most interesting?
 Definitely is all the different people we've had a chance to meet
 So people that started using click phones first we didn't know who was going to use it
 And then we started meeting these amazing people like there's one guy
 His name is chris and chris had cancer he almost died of cancer
 And he figured out how to how to how to fight cancer and he ended up not dying
 And so he wrote a book called crispy cancer and he was trying to sell it and he started selling our click funnels
 And he's helped like tens of thousands of people to overcome to be able to fight cancer now
 From it from his book which is really really cool and that was just one person and there's so many interesting people like
 people selling all sorts of things
 And so I think that's my favorite part is just seeing all the cool people that we're helping and letting them
 Sell more of their products to help more people
 What other awarenesses do you help with?
 So the main ones the main ones that we do we do the operational ground road that helps children from sla slavery
 We go to kenya every year we build schools in kenya for kids out there
 and then
 And then we um a lot of people that work with us to do stuff like one one of these guys
 He helps gym owners to build up their gyms
 And uh last month years ago arm swar snake riz
 Yeah
 Our swar snake is like mr. limpy like 20 years they're like the strongest man ever for a while
 Yeah, he gave 100 000 to Arnold swarster to to the as a boing
 Boys and girls program or
 Yeah, boys and girls. So he got to meet Arnold swarsterger. He gave him 100 000 to help all these kids
 So a lot of people that that we help um help tons of different organizations and charities too. It's really cool
 But was it the hardest part of your job for a long time the hardest part was how to fire somebody?
 Oh, that was the worst some works for you and they're not doing a very good job to be like
 Have to fire you in fact the first time I fired someone gets it up and afterwards what I cried
 For like 10 minutes
 It was really bad. I don't fire people anymore, which is really nice. Harsening now is sometimes when click funnels has problems
 We have 89 000 people use our software. So like one time we were flying to london and when I was in the air
 Click funnels went down and everybody's websites. Everyone's funnels went down
 And when I landed people were super mad. I got thousands of messages on my phone
 Everyone who was mad that all their websites were down and that was not very much fun
 So those are the hard parts sometimes when stuff like that happens
 Um, what's the hardest part that happened to you before like in the start of your business?
 the start of my business
 Twice I almost went bankrupt twice where I started making a little money and then I lost it all
 And second that was the first time I had like probably six or seven employees
 And then I couldn't afford all and we almost lost it all
 In the second time I built up to a hundred employees. I was like this is amazing and then everything fell apart and I had to fire like 80 people in one day
 Oh, and that was really hard too. So there's a lot of ups and downs. This is this is what we
 Someone earlier you back here earlier said you don't want to be an entrepreneur because of the risk
 So the nice thing I want to be an entrepreneur
 There's there's two things right there's a lot of risks
 So there's a lot of reasons like a lot of times you can fail and if you fail you don't get paid anything
 Like when I show up at work, I don't guarantee to get money
 When you're employee you guarantee like if you get a job you always get paycheck every two weeks for me
 I didn't get a guarantee
 But the upside is that you can make unlimited money. So you got your you have unlimited
 Um, there's no ceiling on it. So we kind of have the both you can lose everything or you can make everything
 But that's the that's the scary part of it. But I still think it's worth it
 It's sort of like a teeter totter like hanging off a cliff like you either fall or
 You win
 Where's coronirus you go on it you're a scalar
 you know
 You say what?
 There you go the entrepreneur teeter totter either live or you die
 The last question make sure it's the best one ever
 What's your favorite part about your job?
 Hmm
 So all like all the people that work here at clique puddles are my best friends
 So I have my favorite thing that come in every day and I see all my best friends
 We all get hang out and talk about business and have ideas and brainstorm and it's just fun to hang out on my friends every day
 I'll give you one more final maybe tough question. All right
 As you've built this obviously you've had to venture out into different things
 Whether that's speaking or hiring people and firing people all these different things
 What would you say has been
 Um the greatest fear that you've had to face
 It's it's tough because there's a lot of fears that go into starting a business because
 The path never like there's never a path. It's always you're just kind of like
 So then you fire hire your first employer like to actually hire something having a money to hire like
 Like what's the rules? What's the laws? I don't even know but it's like I know I need help
 So it's just like I use hire them and then you're like waiting for everything to collapse and you're like
 Okay, nothing bad happened. Okay. Cool. I hired another person and
 My first time I hired eight employees before I knew how to pay taxes. I didn't even know that was the thing
 I had no idea and I found out later and it's like oh you had to pay taxes and payroll tax and like
 I didn't know that it's like
 Then you have to like go and fix all the problems that you made
 But I think a lot of times for me the scary part is I didn't know anything
 I was just kind of just stepping out and like I I was passionate about stuff
 So I was trying to create things
 And as I was creating things that's when to be able to support the the art of what we're trying to do
 Like we had to figure all the other stuff along the way
 But we're so passionate what we're doing like it made it worth it
 but just the fear of like
 And every step of it because there's there's a million books
 But you don't know like which book to read for this problem or this situation or a lot of times you read a book later
 Like all that would have been awesome to know way back way back here
 So a lot of it's just being willing to risk it all and just hope for the best and hope you figured out as you go
 I heard someone say one time it's like you're jumping out of an airplane and you're building the parachutes
 You're falling and you're like I hope I get this thing figured out before I hit the ground
 I guess what it feels like most days especially the early especially the early days
 Less nowadays we've got pretty good structure in place now
 But initially it was very a lot of that kind of stuff
 And that's why I think a lot of people don't do the entrepreneurship because that first step is really scary
 It's not like I know this is the past you know get a get a degree go to college get a job
 There's no path like that. It's like okay go create something in the the market will tell you if you're worth it or not
 That's kind of scary to put yourself out there a lot of times
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
