 Good morning, everybody. This is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today's episode, probably the next couple of episodes.
 I'm going to do some Q&A.
 The way we actually did this Q&A was kind of fun.
 Allison, Prince and I did an event last week called
 the Econ versus Expert Smackdown.
 We had some hot seats and some hot seats were
 very specific to whatever topic we were talking about.
 But some of them were things that would just help everybody.
 So I'm grabbing some of these clips of our responses
 to hopefully help you guys.
 So the very first one was a question asked by Ben Moot.
 And he's someone who used to work for ClickFunnels
 live back in the day.
 And then he's gone on to go and out there.
 And he creates products and services.
 And he's published his stuff.
 And he's been at all the events.
 And he's doing the work.
 And he asked a question about imposter syndrome.
 And I know this is one that I think everybody struggles with,
 at least at some point in your career.
 And so I thought it was powerful.
 I thought it'd be useful for all of you guys to hear as well.
 So we're in Cuba theme song.
 We come back.
 You're actually here at Brent Cole Peters on our side
 to ask the question.
 And then Alice and I will respond to it.
 And hopefully from that, you get a negative two
 that's going to help you out in your journey along the way.
 Thanks so much.
 And with that said, let's queue up the marketing secrets theme
 song.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who
 didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in out
 of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question.
 And this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson.
 And welcome to marketing secrets.
 Who's up next, Brent?
 And the question, OK, this is from our friend Ben.
 This was, again, the mindset that you guys have just touched
 based on.
 And I appreciate Ben just being really open and honest
 about this question.
 So I'll give you a little bit of context here
 and then I'll ask the question.
 My belief that things are scarce and that I don't deserve it
 are so strong that I am actively losing so much money,
 so much opportunity to give and serve close friendships
 and more.
 It's wrong, but it'd break me to break that belief.
 So it's this belief he's got.
 So the question is, what has been the most successful path
 that you've chosen to kick that negative inner voice in the mouth
 and move forward?
 Imposter syndrome, right?
 There's something that people hear all the time, like,
 I feel like I have imposter syndrome.
 I don't feel worthy.
 I don't feel ready.
 I don't think those things that happen in all of our heads.
 And I got to be completely honest with you.
 Yesterday, I couldn't sleep night before this whole event
 started.
 Why?
 I was freaked out.
 I was scared to death.
 It doesn't matter what level you're at.
 You're always nervous.
 You never feel ready.
 You never feel worthy.
 You never feel like every fun life I have in backstage.
 I'm like, oh my gosh, why are people here?
 I'm a little kid.
 I don't even know what I'm talking about.
 What if they see through me?
 They don't think like, I don't talk about it.
 And it just always seems to keep happening.
 And I have to come back to like, look, it's not about me.
 And that's the problem is that we try
 to put it all on our shoulders.
 And we realize it's not about you.
 It's like, I'm here to serve those people.
 That's when it starts shifting for you.
 And for me, when I'm backstage, but I'm
 saying yesterday before I came out,
 I had to get consciously getting this thought.
 And I do it through prayer.
 I do it through thinking through whatever it is.
 But I'm thinking, OK, I'm nervous.
 I'm anxious.
 I'm like, this is about me.
 And this is not about me.
 This is about these people who I've been called to serve.
 And if I don't sit there and don't serve those people,
 I'm like, that's not what I want either.
 And so it's trying to get out.
 And I understand because it's hard.
 And it comes back every single time.
 It's not like, oh, I kicked that 10 years ago and it's done.
 Like, no, every single time.
 Every time people like FHL, before I go out,
 I might get every presentation.
 I get nervous.
 They're like, you still get nervous?
 I'm like, every time.
 Because I put it all on my meat.
 What if I mess up?
 What if I don't like me?
 What if I talk to you fast?
 What if I slow it?
 I go, da, da, da, da, da.
 And I'm like, OK, OK.
 I'm like, it's not about me.
 Not about me.
 And I start saying prayers for myself, I pray, and I please
 help me to build service people.
 Please, like, when I'm talking, I'm saying something,
 let the right things show up so that I can deliver it.
 Because it's about their experience, not mine.
 And so for me, that's the biggest thing.
 Because it doesn't go away.
 At least it hasn't for me yet.
 I'm hoping someday it does.
 That'd be amazing.
 But it's shifting for me to them.
 And when you start shifting that,
 it takes the pressure off your shoulders.
 Because you're realizing it's not about you.
 And if it was about me, I'm not talented enough
 to actually do what I do.
 Just because you guys are all fully aware.
 I am not that talented.
 I'm not that gifted.
 I'm not a good speaker.
 I slur.
 I talk too fast.
 Even my wife last night.
 She's like, I jumped in for a little while.
 She's like, you were talking so fast.
 Can people understand you?
 I'm like, oh, crap.
 I don't even know.
 I hope they can.
 I'm not that good.
 But I just learned so much like I'm
 just-- I've been calling the show these people.
 I'm probably going to mess up like half.
 We're going to hit you by the end.
 Someone may be confused.
 But there's a group of people who are like,
 they're going to hear my voice.
 Like, that's the goal.
 And so that shifts is what gets me out of that.
 And so I think hopefully partially to help people
 comfort, like, we all feel it.
 I still feel it heavy.
 And the bigger the thing is, the heavier it is.
 That's the more.
 Number two is like personal validation for you.
 I told Stephen Larson, his first product I ever bought from
 Stephen Larson ever was the product you and him did together.
 So you're creating good stuff.
 You're making good offers.
 You're doing good.
 So like, hopefully that's validation for you as well.
 It's like, oh my gosh.
 I got Russell to go run and find his credit card on New Year's
 Eve at 2 in the freakin' morning.
 And then the order failed.
 And he kept trying, kept trying.
 Because he wanted the thing.
 He didn't want to miss out on it.
 So like, you made a really good offer.
 Like, I was up at 2 in the morning buying your stuff.
 And so like, hopefully that's some personal validation for you
 as well.
 One thing that I remember the first time Russell
 asked me to speak on stage.
 Guys, I did e-commerce for a reason.
 So I get to hide behind my computer screen, right?
 And so Russell asked me to speak.
 And I just remember all this fear that I had inside of me.
 And what Russell goes through, like, I've seen it behind.
 I see him dancing.
 We were doing pushups yesterday to get like the anciness out.
 It's a real thing and it doesn't go away.
 But one thing that I've done is I picture that fear
 like holding me down, right?
 And so I'm like, if I can figure out how to get rid of that fear,
 offload that fear, then I can step into who God needs me to be.
 And so you'll notice when I come on stage for the first time,
 like, I'll hug Russell.
 And he doesn't, you don't know that I do this.
 But in my mind, I'm like, okay, Russell, you're holding my fear for me.
 Because it's too heavy for me.
 Oh my God.
 And he walks off the stage and then I feel lighter.
 And so it's a visual thing for me.
 And then even at Final Hacking Live, my 12-year-old was on,
 because I want them around this community.
 He was there.
 Comes to me.
 He said, Mom, I got your fear.
 I'm going to hold your fear for you.
 And it was recorded and it was so sweet.
 And so that's kind of become a thing for us when our kids do
 something harder, when I'm about to go on stage or present
 on an online thing and they can see the nerves.
 They'll come to me and they'll say, Mom, let me hold your fear.
 Go step into who God needs you to be right now.
 It's not about you.
 It's about everybody else.
 And I think that has helped me tremendously, that visualization.
 So thank you so much.
 And I'll hold your fear.
 Now I know.
 I'll hold your fear for you next time.
 That's cool.
 And I wonder to Alice, maybe you can just
 talk for a minute about momentum coaches a little bit here.
 And what they do and how they're helped.
 I can't tell you how much momentum coaches have helped me,
 personally.
 And it was such a big thing for me.
 That's why I was like Russell, we have to have these for our people.
 The coaches have been trained to understand these feelings.
 And just like Camille was talking about earlier,
 some of the stuff that she's going through and the pressures
 that she's feeling, she hops on a call with a momentum coach.
 You have two a month.
 And you get to talk to them.
 It's not in a big group.
 You can talk about how you're feeling.
 You've actually had people come on and say the momentum coach
 was actually worth the entire cost of the program.
 Because it helped them with that.
 Like this limiting belief that you have,
 it is holding you back.
 This momentum coach is the one that can actually hold that fear
 for you.
 And help talk you through that so that you can step into who
 God needs you to be.
 You need it to be there for Russell.
 You need it to be there for him.
 And the momentum coaches are there
 to help you through that process.
 Help you understand why you're feeling the way that you feel
 and break that down for you.
 No, they're not psychologists or any of that stuff.
 They're life coaches.
 But they're trained in the business world.
 They're trained in the entrepreneurial world.
 They understand the higher the level--
 what do I say?
 The higher the level, the higher the devil, right?
 They understand that process.
 And they're there for us.
 I know I won't go through the program.
 My business without them.
 Russell doesn't do it.
 And so that's why we wanted to provide it for you.
 So hop on a call with that momentum coach,
 and they'll talk you through it.
 And like Russell said, it doesn't go away.
 That's why these momentum coaches don't go away.
 They show up with you time and time and time again,
 to be able to help you.
 If you understand too, the person looks like--
 when my business had grown up early,
 as soon as I started to start, build really big
 and then holding collapsed.
 And I was like, mentally, it's like, oh my gosh,
 I'm a failure.
 I messed up all these kind of things.
 And it was the first time I hired a coach.
 And it was Coach Mandy.
 And I hired her.
 She was my friend.
 It's like, I have a friend as a coach.
 I'm like, duh, but I don't do that thing.
 Like, I'm not a--
 but I hired as a coach.
 And it was like, man, so much work to get my brain
 and my mind to a spot where I could continue to move forward
 and have success.
 And so when I launched the Inner Circle,
 one of the big selling points, I was like, everyone's
 coming to Inner Circle at this time.
 It's a little marketing.
 I'm like, most people are great at marketing.
 They understand it.
 But there's something here that's keeping them
 from the next level, the next level, the next level.
 And so I hired Coach Mandy full time,
 and she works with all the Inner Circle members.
 That's who your coach was when you came in.
 The same thing, like 90% of the work
 was working with Coach Mandy to get people out of here.
 And then I'm like, oh, and then by the way,
 do this on your funnel.
 It's like, boom, they explode.
 And it's like, oh, I was in my own way this whole time.
 And so when we launched this, I feel like you live.
 That's an awesome, broad and amazing team of people
 who are coaches who are doing that now for you.
 Because it's-- like I said, I think a lot of times
 you guys are coming for marketing or for funnel.
 But that's just in the books.
 I read the book.
 It's usually like you getting belief in the process,
 in yourself.
 And the next thing they actually do that
 is the key to each level of growth.
 Thank you, guys.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Thank you, Ben.
 Appreciate everybody.
 So glad you're here with us.
 He's so sweet.
 Yeah, he's awesome.
 And that's another thing.
 Sorry.
 That's another thing.
 I feel so blessed to be able to work with people
 in the 2CCX program, really hear their stories.
 And to watch them go through this transformation,
 I feel very blessed, honestly, to be
 able to work with those that are willing to take that risk
 to change the world.
 Yeah.
 That's awesome.
 I think Russell and I appreciate that, Alison.
 I shared with you the day some of who posted on Facebook
 group about how they jumped on a hot seat with you
 a few weeks ago.
 They told their team, we're up in our prices.
 Russell says we're up in our prices.
 They went on vacation for two weeks, came back.
 And I think what they added in like $22,000 a month,
 I think, to their business just by raising a price
 from your suggestion.
 Yeah.
 One suggestion that they covered the cost of the program
 every month for the rest of their lives.
 And they'll keep going from there, because that was the beginning.
 Yeah.
 That's so good.
 Thank you.
 All right.
 We've got just time for just one or two maybe questions left.
 No.
 Can we do this all day?
 Might as well.
 We think we didn't want that.
 You guys enjoying this so far, by the way?
 Is this fun to see?
 Very cool.
 Oh, look up again.
 Everybody exploded.
 And I'm hoping, obviously, we're talking to certain people.
 But my guess, maybe I'm crazy.
 My guess is there's more than one person who feels like Ben
 does.
 There's more than one person who felt like--
 so my guess is that my hope is that all of you guys
 are getting something personal for yourself,
 like, oh my gosh, that's how I feel.
 I remember the first time I went to Tony Robbins' event,
 and Tony does all the interventions with people.
 And part of him is like, I wanted an intervention on me.
 But I'm like, part of me scared to death.
 I don't want him to, like, look into my soul
 and do his Tony thing.
 Yeah.
 But I was just doing all these other people.
 I was like, oh my gosh, he's speaking to me.
 He's speaking to me.
 And all these things were like the ahasa.
 I actually needed it.
 I was like, oh, I think heaven's on to be on the hot seat.
 But I still get the value of it.
 And so hopefully you guys are getting that as well.
 And another thing, this is actually
 what we do in the 2CCX program, is we do these hot seats.
 And they're usually a little bit smaller groups, and we can really dive in
 to help your business.
 So this is just kind of like a sampling.
 But we do it consistently over and over and over again.
 And people have multiple hot seats to help them, too.
 Because you have different sticking points
 throughout your business.
 It's not just the one dial tone that you need to get that clarity.
 You're going to need help in a month.
 That's just what business is.
 Because we can't stop.
 We have the goal post here, right?
 And then the next one and the next one.
 When you put out the 2CCOMA Club award,
 I'm like, I got to get that thing with the expert side, right?
 And then next year, we're doing the 2CCOMA Club X.
 And I'm like, I got to get that one.
 You got the 25.
 And then you had the give the million dollars away.
 And we just keep moving our goal post.
 And to be able to get to those goal posts,
 you're going to run into new challenges.
 And that's why this program is month after month after month.
 Yeah, so fun.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Thank you for listening to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 If you've loved this episode, then please
 take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook,
 Instagram, or wherever you post stuff.
 And be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode,
 and what you like to hear in the future.
 That'll help me to know what to create for you.
 Also, Dan Kinney and I would love to give you
 the most incredible free gift ever.
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time.
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000
 worth of pure money-making information
 for free just for saying maybe.
 You can get this gift from Dan and from me right now
 at nobsletter.com.
 Not only are you going to get the $20,000 gift,
 you also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 that will be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox
 each and every month, one from Dan Kennedy and one from me.
 To get this gift and your subscription,
 go to nobsletter.com right now.
 (upbeat music)
