 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to marketing seekers podcast
 Today I've got a rant and the rant is I'm gonna teach you guys the secret to not being offended
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so
 Good morning
 today started off with
 two people
 Being offended because I sent them a gift
 These people in my high-end coaching program who I sent them a gift to help them in their journey in their life
 And they were offended so offended in fact they went and they posted it online how offended they were about the gift that I sent them for free
 Okay, so that's that's how the morning started out and then
 I'm not gonna get details. There are other things in this world around us happening
 And everyone's getting offended about the stupidest things almost all the time and it is driving me nuts
 And so I wanted to teach you guys a secret. This is the secret about how to not get offended
 I don't get offended very often in fact
 It's very very rare that I do and I can tell you this the quality of my life is a
 Bajillion times better because I don't get offended at every little thing that comes across my plate
 Okay, I have people who I completely strongly strongly strongly disagree with and guess what they can post their thoughts their beliefs
 I don't get offended
 It's the weirdest thing and so I'm gonna teach you guys a secret
 You just want the secret because this will change the quality of your life
 Now some of you guys are gonna be offended. I'm even telling you about this
 Okay for those of you who are getting offended right now or will be offended momentarily
 That is a sign that you need this more than anybody else. Okay?
 And so
 Yeah, so here we go. This is the secret. It's not getting offended
 Okay, you have to assume that even if people disagree to even if what they say is not in there
 What they believe is not saying that you believe even if they say something that that you strongly like
 Like it's you hear you see you read it makes you sick to your stomach and make you upset whatever frustrated
 um
 The secret is to understand that people
 All act out of good intentions
 What there's no way this person's evil right? No people act out of good intentions. Okay, this is the big secret
 This is the big a hot multiple to understand people aren't going out. They're trying to be horrible people
 They're doing it out of good intentions. Um, the first time I had this this epiphany that's a hot
 The first time I realized this to be true
 I was actually to Tony Robbins event and Tony talked about this. He said he said um something along the lines of
 the that that people act out of good intentions even if what they're doing is evil
 Okay, and I was like, what does that even mean? And he said he was telling a story about
 UPw which is his his uh unleash the power thin event
 He said I was sitting in this event and we're talking about intentions
 He said at a workshop and people writing their notes down. He said that after you write your notes
 He shared it with your partner and apparently
 Some guy saw his partner's notes his in his notes talked about the fact that he was planning on
 killing his wife his kids and then himself
 And this guy starts freaking out he goes and finds one of the ushers like oh my uh my partner here is about to do something really bad
 Like you should do something and so they went to Tony and so Tony
 I called the guy up like hey someone's gonna come up on stage and he's like tell us what's going on
 and the guy was just like
 Well my plans are after this event i'm gonna go home and i'm gonna kill my wife my kids and myself and everyone the eyes is like
 Super offended like this person's evil this person's the most like the most horrible person on this planet like all these things right
 Um and that would be like most of our like our gut instinct right
 um is this like oh
 And uh and Tony starts working the guy and starts talking through things with them and so they're like well
 Why are you doing this like what's the purpose like why like you're not just doing it to like be a horrible person
 Why and when it came down to the guy started the guy came back and was like, you know
 um my father left when I was young and it was um
 It ruined my life like these are all things happened because my father left me and he said I am miserable
 And I want to I want to leave I want to leave this this earth
 But I know if I leave the search that's gonna destroy the life of my wife my kids and I love them so much
 I don't want them to go through the pain that I went through and so because of that um
 This is why i'm gonna do the thing
 And
 Obviously, yes, it is messed up. It's like that there there's a lot of psychological help
 Needs to happen there. I'm not downplaying that at all
 But the person was acting like intentions. I weren't going trying to be this horrible person. They were trying to act out of good intentions
 and um
 And it's interesting like
 When I see people post something right
 Uh that I don't agree with
 Um, I don't try to get the the initial visceral response like oh that person's evil. I'm offended
 Let me tell them why they're evil in the comments down below
 Um instead I look at it. I'm like man. I don't agree with that but
 Like what's their intentions like is it good?
 And I think about it and I'm like, huh
 I I strongly disagree with what they're saying and why they're saying it
 But typically almost every time I've tried to do this exercise
 I'm like
 Man, the the reason why they're doing that is actually out of good intentions
 They're doing it because they believe this they're doing it because of this, right?
 And it's and it's interesting as I step back and I stop and say what are their intentions like
 Is there any possible way they can have good intentions with this thing that they're posting
 Uh this thing that they're saying this thing that they're that they did the thing they experienced the thing the gift that they sent me in the mail
 Um, then I start thinking for a second like is there any possible way that this person had again tensions
 And what would that look like? Well, what's the lens? I'd have to look that look through from me to post that
 And I can look at and say man, I completely disagree with that person. I think that they're wrong
 I don't agree with anything, but I can see the reason why they did is because of this
 This is their intentions and their tensions were pure. Um, and I believe maybe I'm just my naive
 I don't know maybe I am but I think that all humans who run this planet here, they act out of good intentions
 Okay, and sometimes intentions are messed up sometimes they're psychological damage from there
 Like there's all sorts of things that that happen, but I think that um all the decisions that all of us make
 They're good intentions
 And so because of that I can look at somebody who does something and not be offended
 I can look at somebody who who believes differently me and I can love them
 I can look at somebody who who I think is insane because of their beliefs their thoughts the
 Their posts their their gifts there
 There whatever and I can still love them because I'm like man. They're acting on good intentions. This is what they think is best
 And that's why they're doing it. Um, and so that's the secret you guys
 That's the secret to not being offended and I promise you if you start looking at that lens differently
 Um, you're gonna start loving people that you see people who you know, you taught Christ talked about
 Uh, you should love your enemies like this is how you do it, right?
 You understand like man, this person may be my enemy, but they're doing it because they think this is right
 They have good intentions. They're trying to help people in in a way that I completely disagree with
 Yeah, I can still love them because they're doing out of good intentions. Um,
 There's a quote I posted today on facebook my facebook wall my personal wall said
 Is from bringing me. I get says he who takes offense when offense is not intended is a fool
 But he who takes offense when offense is intended is a greater fool
 And so what you guys remember that like don't take offense
 First off if someone does something and they're not trying to offend you and you take offense to that
 You're a fool you're an idiot like that's on you not on them
 And then if they do if they're trying to offend you and you take offense then you're a greater fool
 So, uh, I thought that was really powerful. So anyway, I want to share with you guys today because um, there's too much
 This in the world today like everyone's getting offended and it's ridiculous
 Especially when somebody sends you a gift in the mail or especially when somebody posts something about their beliefs because they're trying to help people
 In the way that they think is right. Okay. I don't care if you hate them if you disagree with them
 If you think what they're doing is evil wrong bad, we need to love them
 They're doing it out of good intentions. Okay, so instead try to help them to line their intentions
 If they what can you do?
 Like instead of like
 Going in the comments and try and destroy this person and cancel them because they did something that you disagree with
 What if he came back and say man, how can I actually help serve this person?
 They're in good attention, but I think that they're there they're there. They're steered
 the wrong direction, right
 And this intervention that Tony went through he didn't go and like give the guy locked up as like man
 I should help this person to rely on their their um understanding if I can shift their intention to something more positive
 Maybe this outcome won't be as bad as they think, right?
 And you do that not by trying to force somebody not by trying to make them to change you do it through
 Inspiration who are you becoming? Okay? Um, I just went to Stacy and Paul Martinez event
 They talk a lot about this concept. They call it um
 Uh transformation through inspiration
 We need to be if you want to move somebody being offended and trying to cancel them will not get them to move
 It'll just make them hate you more
 Instead leave your life in a way that inspires people that transforms people to make them want to think
 Like you think that's the key. That's the big secret
 Okay, um you think about like uh the greatest teacher of all jesus christ when he came to serve
 He was not coming down trying to force people to follow him
 No, he said i'm gonna set an example
 And if you love me keep my commandments and this is what i'm gonna do. He showed these different things
 And man we looked at him and said and this guy
 um
 I love him. I respect him. I'm gonna change my beliefs
 Because um, i'm inspired by him and what he did
 Okay, and that's the key inspiration through transformation. So um instead of trying to be offended
 Um, leave your life in a way that gets people inspired
 So that when they're struggling and they're realizing man this blueprint this thing that i've that i believe this
 My intentions are wrong. Who do i trust? Why listen to it's like oh the person that was like yelling in the comments
 I'm gonna trust their opinion. No, no, that's not what they do. They step back and say hum
 Well that person that Russell was really cool with me all the time even when he disagreed with me
 Maybe like man he's got something to figure out. Maybe i'll listen to him
 Maybe i'll what does he believe? What's he doing? And that's how you get people. That's how you cause change not the other way around
 So quit being offended is number one. Okay, number two the secret to not being offended
 Is understanding that people are all acting out of good intentions. I honestly believe that
 Um, number three
 Um, if you take offense when offense is not intended you're a fool
 If you take offense when offense is attended you're even greater fool and number four
 Um, if you want to change people's lives literally it's a transformation through inspiration
 Not by being offended and trying to cancel them in young in the comments
 So there you go you guys if I ever send you a gift even if you hate it, just throw it away
 It's cool. I was trying to do something cool. I thought I was I thought I was helping you
 Um, and if you're offended somehow like that's on you not on me. So that's it. I appreciate you guys. Hope you're all enjoying the day
 Go out there. Love somebody you disagree with
 Um
 Live life in a way that transforms inspires people
 Um
 And uh be good to people that said appreciate all and I'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 I
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now i'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering questions
 Um through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing
 Pull your phone out and actually text me a message. Okay. Now the phone over in your text is 208
 231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's going to happen is what I do to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where i'm going to be giving you out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 I'll let you know about book signings about times i'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
