 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and this is an emergency impromptu
 Podcast with angry Stephen behind me
 So I have to do this right now
 I have the software secrets webinar starting less than an hour and I should be doing slides
 But like something just made me angry and so I wanted to jump on and you're kind of angry too actually kind of this is me
 Off it's a recurring thing all right, so this is a coaching call for everybody and oh we're gonna cue the marketing secrets intro
 And then we'll come back to what we got to do
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, welcome back, so now that we're still angry. Hopefully intro guy pumped. I want to talk to you about difference between
 coaching
 College and a daycare okay, this is very important to understand because some of you guys for some reason
 Think that we're in a daycare here and we know so right here actually if you're watching the video version if you look out
 The window here. This is our office click funnels right there's the daycare so try to start this little playground right there
 You guys can see it. That's the that's the daycare so
 So the daycare it's really cool way it works as you show up there and then someone takes care of you the entire day
 Like when you're hungry they give you food when you're thirsty to give you water when you poop yourself
 They wipe your butt. It's really really nice. It's like what 50 bucks a month hundred bucks
 I don't know how much that's a daycare. It's not a care's work
 And so that's one option how you can get better at life you can go to a daycare
 Opt number two you go to school now think about school it's cost a bunch of money
 They don't care about you all you show up and then you do your assignments
 You don't know what care and they give you a BC or D or D or D F right or if you're in England
 I found out they also have a E we don't have use in America
 but apparently English is ease but ABCD or an F and then as long as you get a C
 They don't like see's good enough to get a degree in fact my motto in college was C's get degrees
 That's how I passed school as long as I can get a C
 I could wrestle so I literally had a 2.1 GPA and complete C's all the way through except for I got a B in
 Like I think it was a something it was like semester one of the year one
 So as long time remember what but I got C's I got a degree and yay
 I got a degree and I leave with a piece of paper that's completely useless okay now that's something I got daycare
 We've got school and the third option now is coaching. So how's coaching work?
 So I'm a wrestler and every single day I show up wrestling practice my coach was there
 My coach was really good
 He knew what he was doing and I show up and all the rest of the rest of the show up
 And we sit there and I watch the coach and he teaches moves right. Oh cool. That's a good move and guess what?
 Some of the kids they watch the coach and they try to move and they didn't do it right
 And then they just sat there on their butts and did nothing and then guess what they sucked at wrestling and coach didn't give them a
 B or C or it didn't matter because they were gonna put him out on the map and they're gonna get the crap kicked out in front of everybody
 Like that was the reality like you don't get A be your seats like hey
 You're about to go fight someone. This is your preparation if you want to just
 Crap it away. Congratulations. You did that and you're gonna be up in front of everybody
 Okay, then there are people like me who's like I listen to coach
 I watch my train to ask them questions
 I keep doing that train of practice when he would leave my dad would come over with my dad afterwards when he would leave
 Then we'd go out to the house
 We'd dinner to my friends come my house
 We'd a wrestling out on my back porch. We'd rustle on the back porch and guess what?
 I became a state champ. I became an all-American
 I got college scholarship like because I did more my dad you should always tell me so that a coach can take somebody to this level
 Okay, and coach has got a whole bunch of people
 He's coaching that entire restroom is all there and everyone's getting there and coach and get all everybody to this level right here
 So it made difference between someone who's gonna be coach and someone's gonna be a champion is that the coach gets you here
 It's that extra effort. That's what makes you a champion. Okay, so what's cool about marketing and sells like first off
 We're not a daycare. I'm not gonna wipe your butt. I don't freaking care if you succeed or not
 That's not on top of me. Okay, number two. This is not college. I'm not gonna be like oh, yeah, congratulations
 Here's a C
 You can go get a degree because guess what you've got to go out there on your webinar or with your pride or whatever
 And you got to step out in front of everybody and you're gonna get the crap kicked out of you
 And if you get a C you're gonna get destroyed. I'm not giving out seats. It's not a college. It's not a university
 I actually care about your success. So what we're gonna do is we're gonna do a coaching program
 But we run the coaching program just like wrestling like we're coaching a whole bunch of people the best we know how we know what works
 But guess what everyone's sitting in rooms and hearing the exact same thing and difference between champion and someone whose average is
 Who's gonna take that extra effort? Who's gonna ask the coach other questions? Who's gonna follow up?
 Who's gonna practice who's gonna get better who's gonna stuff on their own who's gonna go home and I after they dinner for the third
 Practice of the day because they want to be a winner those are the people who win and those people we coach
 Okay, so right now you're a coaching program
 So many of you guys who are in our coaching program
 This is specifically towards one person who I'm yelling at but this is an important lesson for everyone
 Okay, first off
 We're not a day care if you want someone to wipe your butt. It's like a hundred bucks across the street from ClickFunnels across
 Like it's like over the fence right there. Okay, they will wipe your butt and you'll feel really good because I got a clean
 But okay number two you can go to college Boise State's like another like I don't know four or five miles down the road
 They'll give you season. You'll feel really good. You can put on your wall
 I'm like I got a degree and you're so awesome
 But you're gonna get out in the real world and get the crap kicked out of you or number three you can become a champion
 Show up every single day work your butt off work hard and then go and do the extra effort you need to do to be successful
 The last two nights in a row guess how late I was here at the freaking office working on my slides two o'clock both nights in a row
 But Russell you're super successful. Why are you still working hard? Okay?
 Because champions go the extra effort. Okay, I could have gone home. I could have not done this
 I could have just slept on you know and we got people who are like oh Russell. I worked really hard
 I was up till like a lot of snow like dude you guys aren't even there yet
 You should be going back to at least two or three or four in the morning until you freak and get this thing figured out
 Like if you want to be a champion the coaches get you to this level, okay my coaching Stephen's coaching
 We will get you to this level that's level everyone's that and guess what if you're at that level everyone's that you're not gonna be successful
 Champions go the extra effort champions do a practice afterwards champions go home
 They do another practice champions are thinking about dreaming about working on trying to perfect the art so they can become a champion
 If you want to be successful in business you got to do that because this is not something where you give you a scene
 Now you're gonna make money doesn't work that way you're gonna go out there into the real world to the marketplace
 The marketplace is gonna kick the crap out of you if you haven't been prepared
 Okay, if you show up and you're like hey marketplace here
 I did my first webinar and nobody showed up because you're stuff boring because you just did the baseline and you quit I
 Did the webinar five people showed nobody bought okay first off because you did the baseline
 Like if you want to be a champion you have to put in the extra effort from here to here
 That is the extra effort yet to be a champion okay, so to recap today number one if you want your butt wiped
 Go sign up for the daycare is really cheap
 Okay, and they wipe your butt it feels so good number two if you want to feel good about yourself feel happy and like
 Coombai on all the crap go to school. They'll give you degrees
 These get degrees, but they will not make you any money and then number three if you want to be coached be coachable
 Come to the coaching program listen to what they say and then do it. No complain. I can't do it
 Like dude, there's a thing called Google you can find the answer to everything like you have to go that extra effort
 You have to freakin do it okay, and you have to do it
 And you have to do it and you have to do it and you can get beat up a lot during this practice period of time
 But guess what if you do that and you get beat up
 That's how when you step out on the real mat against really good people
 That's how you win and we're creating winners here, and that's what we want
 So if you're wondering like man this stuff doesn't work for me, it's like actually if you're watching the video
 I'm gonna show you this stuff works really good. Okay, I'll show you come on come down the hall
 No, this is how well it works okay for those are the champions those who take the actual effort there from here to here
 We have them immortalized on our wall
 There's a lot of them and all these guys here to come with the work to do do do do do do do all these people
 These are the champions okay, they didn't just go through print the coaching program and I stopped like oh
 Stephen wasn't as clear on how to do it at like they freaking googled it and they asked other questions
 They asked the community and they worked hard and they tried and they tested and they figured things out
 And they rewarded with a gold platinum record here with two commas okay, and there's tons of them boom
 I was showing Instagram last night if you guys haven't seen this yet this month alone this month the first guy came
 Or we filled this wall here
 We filled this wall completely up and right now if you look at this there's one two three four five six seven eight nine ten
 Twelve fifteen new ones that came in it's like four five a week
 Yeah, that's fifteen that came in this month so far then checks out I came in last night and look at this
 We have a whole other stack of another one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven more
 So eleven plus fifteen twenty six we've had twenty six people to come come in the last thirty days
 So what does that mean for you guys? That's one millionaire days being made so if you are hitting it
 You're just stopping right here. You're doing that last little bit from there to there that is important to do so
 There you go. Yeah, you gotta stand awake Russell and I don't hold the key to your success. That's not at all how this works
 It's cool. It's funny to watch like people who come in and do different coaching and such
 It's always easy to see like that extra little bit that extra little that I mean that's what keeps going
 If you're looking for external things to motivate you it's the wrong question already
 You know one needs to motivate you to do your thing no one cares about your thing as much as you do
 And so you got to be the one who's all fiery and out there doing the thing being a pioneer to some extent for your own
 Success with it because honestly you're the only one who's gonna care enough to do it
 So like Russell shows the the framework will show how to do it
 We'll help you you know kind of do things long ways you get stuck or whatever it is
 But it's it's totally up to you your whole success everything is it's gonna be right on your back
 Ever said if you really want success
 You don't want to rip your butt go to daycare if you're not one success
 You just want to feel good and get a degree in the wall go to freakin college
 If you want to make money change your life be successful get a coach
 You already got a you know if it's not me get somebody else get a coach
 If we can do everything they say and then stop and then do more
 Like that's it
 Champions my dad used on that all the time so the coach can take some of this level champions are made right there
 So all right ran over I get back slides. Okay. All right guys appreciate you all. Thanks so much
 I know I'm preaching acquired for a lot of you guys
 But for the ones if that's stung a little bit talking to you. So thanks guys talk soon. Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
