 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I hope you guys are excited for today
 I'm excited and I got something really important. I want to share with you for some of you guys this may be
 One of the things that's kind of hard to hear but if you listen and you pay attention and you internalize it
 I think something can change life forever
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so I am about to start day number three of two comma club live which I am extremely excited for
 this is the second time we do the two comma club live event and something I want to start doing probably once a quarter and
 Just kind of some background context for this is
 When we when coronavirus hit
 We decided we wanted to do a live event to virtual event
 And so we made this to conquer live and I thought well
 How do we do this the most amazing way possible like I can stay in teach for three days
 But I was like what would be better is like what if you like
 strategically like what is the step-by-step process someone needs to come through to have the best experience cyclic funnels and start mapping out
 Okay, first thing they have to understand that they understand
 Frameworks and from there they have to understand four levels of value and from there
 They have to understand the value ladder in the yellow brick road and then from there and I mapped out like here's all the core concepts and principles
 People need to understand in the right order to do it, right?
 And I looked at that so okay based on that these are the the eight or nine different presentations
 I need to create so I made these new presentations
 I'm really really proud of right and then inside that I was like well, you know
 A funnel hacking live three years ago Stacy Martino gave this presentation on the on the yellow brick road
 Which complimented value ladder is one of the best presentations ever so instead of me just teaching the value ladder
 Let me teach my part of the value ladder. I'm gonna grab Stacy Martino's presentation will plug it in here, right? And then
 Summit funnel track I could go talk about some of funnels like instead two two funnel hacking lives ago
 Bailey Richard gave the most amazing presentation on some of the funnels ever
 So I'm like instead of me just reteaching let me grab that presentation
 I'll plug it in and I kind of mapped it out, right?
 And so what happened is we created orchestrated and choreographed this three-day event that is literally insane
 I think it's one of the best things people could possibly go through right now
 Obviously for some people if you've been to all the fun hacking lives
 You've seen some of the presentations before if you've read my books, you know
 I'm teaching the same core principles and things I do I just teaching in a different way and and
 For the most part the feedback has been amazing
 But it was interesting because I'm one of those guys who like I love to see the comments
 I'm looking to Facebook group and reading people's comments and for the most part everyone is really really excited
 But there's one comment
 That like got under my skin and not because like I'm cool with saying criticism. I don't really care
 I am very confident what we do and very happy, but it's criticism
 Like I wanted to grab him and be like you missed the whole freaking point
 So the criticism this person posted was
 I've bought everything Russell's ever said about every book
 I've been to every single funnel hacking live and this is the first time I've ever been disappointed ever and they went on to say the reason
 I'm disappointed is because I've seen all these presentations before I went back my old notebooks and fun liking live and already have notes on these
 Presentations, why is he sharing them and sure why is he sharing them with me again?
 And then a lot of the stuff you are talked about in his books and
 That was a Christmas that this first time I've ever been not happy with the Russell Brunson purchase now by the way
 I want to remind you that this event is zero dollars you pay you put your credit card in and there's zero dollars and after the
 Events over if it's worth you pay 200 bucks 200 bucks
 Okay, literally almost nothing for three days with the training like nine
 Custom presentations for me and then the best presentations for my can lie put in the right strategic order, right?
 like
 Anyway, and so I was thinking about it and there are a couple things
 That I wanted to share and hopefully this human
 I don't even know who person's name was I spent reading the comment and just like all night long has kind of like just been
 working me right
 But I want like I wanted to share a couple things because I want to make sure that you get this as well
 Okay
 number one the first thing
 Repetition is the mother of learning
 Okay
 Repetition is the mother of learning and you have to learn something over and over and over again for you to internalize it, right?
 That's number one
 So just because three years you've sat an event and you have notes on this topic does not mean you know it
 Maybe you've heard it and maybe you have notes on it, but if you implement it have you like is it part of your repertoire, right?
 For you know 15 years of my life. I was a I was a wrestler and we should go wrestling camp over and over and over again
 They teach the same moves over and over and over again, right?
 You're Vincent Barty talks about the very first day of every single football practice coming with his team as a gentleman
 This is the football right these are people with the highest level of best team ever and like they're going back to the fundamentals
 Right I did a podcast two or three weeks ago about Alex Hermose
 Alex Hermose he's arguably one of if not the most successful person here inside the Clickphones community, right?
 And and I asked my what books you're reading and he's like I don't read a lot of books
 I just read one book a lot of times and he said your new expert secrets book is insane
 He's like I've literally read it eight times. He's like I started the beginning. I read it right to the end
 I've I flip it back over and I start over I read it again and again and again, right?
 And my book Alex you already read it
 You already know it plus you were at the fat event the first time I taught these plus you've been to every funnel
 I can live plus you've consumed everyone in my courses like why would you keep breathing this?
 He said every single time I get something new so I read the book I flipped over I get it over again now
 What's interesting is that Hermose
 Had never actually done a webinar
 He read the book like three times wrote his webinar pitch selling a $5,000 offer and crushed it
 Right and the guess what he did immediately after he crushed his webinar
 He flipped the back of the book back over and started the beginning and read it again
 And it's like oh my gosh. I missed this this and this and then he chipped to the webinar did again
 Boom and then guess what since webinar you did it again
 He flipped the book over read it again and did it again eight times now
 He's read this book in the last like four months every time he he does the webinar
 He rereads the book and comes back and tweaks things again
 Reases the book tweaks is again, okay now
 I want to tell you this because Hermose again is I think I think he was like a week away from winning from passing the
 Two comic-up C meaning over a hundred million dollars in sales in a market that's Jim owners, right?
 Like it's not like a huge market like it's it's anyway
 It's amazing and this new webinar that he has now based on its conversion rates his numbers will be
 An eight figure webinar at least and probably a lot more than that Kevin
 And so we understand like this is the dude at the top level the top of the top levels and guess what he's doing
 He's reviewing the things and going over it and understanding it better and understanding a deeper level
 Okay
 So for that first that person's like the reason why I'm doing this is because you need to understand it deeper
 You're missing parts of it. Okay, if you're coming to this event
 It's meaning you're not happy with where you are therefore you there's something you're missing. Okay, so that's the first thing
 I'll say number two thing. Okay, this event
 I always say there's two things you learn for me
 Number one is if you buy one of my products you learn from the product number two if you observe the sales process a lot of times
 That'll be worth more than the actual product you purchase
 Right like I was doing the launch for the traffic secrets book
 I told everyone when you go to traffic secrets calm and you buy the book buy it slowly
 Stars in motorcycle in front of me. He's so loud. Hopefully you guys can still hear me
 But I told him I said I said when you buy the traffic secrets book buy it slowly
 And Mike half of the education will come from you consuming the sales process
 Okay, that in and of itself is worth more than a ticket price of any of the products you sell right like I literally spent
 18 months thinking about brainstorming crafting funnel hacking
 probably a hundred plus different book funnels figure out the copy the tweaks the upsell the downsells the the conversion like
 everything it's like just
 like you going through and buying the traffic secrets book or the doc on secrets book expert secrets book that in a
 Self is worth more probably than you actually going through the product the product I try to make as amazing as possible
 But the sales process is the key. That's what I teach us what you actually be watching
 That's the art that I'm making every single day, right?
 if you look at the traffic secrets book funnel of you know probably
 I don't 30 40 different free plus shipping funnels that I've created in my in my day
 This one out converted all of them our average cart value was in this
 $70 per book funnel per book sold okay, which is unheard of
 I don't know anybody's got average cart values that high on a free push shipping offer, right?
 But share that because I also want to tell you the two comical live event
 Okay, the events amazing okay, I'm very very proud of it
 One of the best things I've ever produced and put together in choreographed and I'm so so so so so proud of it
 Okay, but as you understand the two comical live event is also a sales tool
 Okay, watch the funnel the first time we did the two comical live event
 We made six plus million dollars from the funnel. That's why I'm doing it once a quarter now
 Do you understand six times four is a lot of money?
 So I should do that every single quarter okay, so last minute to six million dollars
 Okay, even if you come to the entire event and you've heard every single word and you have perfectly learned and listened and executed every
 Single thing in the in the process just watching the sales process is the key
 You understand this you pick up what I'm laying down that is the key the sales process
 That is why like that is worth as much if not more than the entire event
 Okay, watch how we did everything watch the ads that got somebody to come to the web and watch the email sequences
 It got you to register for the event right? What do we do?
 How do we do it like there's very strategic every single word every single email every single ad was crafted in a certain way
 Then you come to the landing page watch the sales video
 I had someone who just sold their company for a billion dollars watch the sales video said that is the best purchase video
 I've ever seen I've been doing TV live TV for for 20 plus years and sold my company for a billion dollars
 That was the best produce a video of the most powerful script I've ever seen in my life
 Okay, did you watch it? How many times did you transcribe it if not? What are you doing?
 There's supposed to be a funnel hacker watch what I am doing right and then look at the offer how the offer work
 He was zero dollars up front and you pay $197 after the event right or you can pre-pay
 And get the replays for $147 60% of people are pre-paying like look at this business model. Look what's happening
 Why do we do it? What do we do? What was the upsell this time we end up so we didn't have last time okay the new upsell right now
 The upsell alone generated almost six figures and sales which more than covered the entire ad costs of the event plus the people that are upgrading the
 Event most of them are coming from the people who paid for the VIP package
 So like there was that did you watch that did you understand it? Did you see it like that alone?
 Was worth the price of admission or more?
 Okay, then watch the event not only was the event orchestrated in choreographed to get people the maximum out of understanding and knowledge
 In the shortest period time right the entire timeline is built out that way
 It was also structured in a way to sell our two comical by coaching program. How did we do it?
 What was the structure? I have people who paid me $50,000 for me to map out how we do our live events
 Like what's the strategy on presentation number one and two and three and what's the strategy about lunch and then after lunch and then dinner
 And then the round tail like everything you do like what is the reason?
 $50,000 people paid me for me to walk them through how we choreographed our live events
 Okay, if you were there you paid $0 a front and you're having a chance to sit through the choreographed live event to understand that
 Like people pay me $50,000 people walking through me. You can watch it. What is Russell doing?
 Why is he doing it?
 Why is this presentation first and second and then why are we watching this documentary and then what's the sales pitch like?
 I just watched the sales pitch and made $6 million. I should dissect that
 What was the offer what the offer look like? Why did it look like that?
 Why did you include this? Why did you include that?
 Okay, we're in the middle of the coronavirus what it what tweaks and changes you have to make because of the pandemic
 What it how did that work right and then afterwards? How did he do the repitch?
 What was that what that process look like how the countdown clockwork?
 How did like all the pieces like all those things are so strategic and if you're missing him then you missed him
 So for someone to come back say I've learned everything Russell said I was at all these events. Why is he replaying this?
 It's not worth my $0 you missed it on two levels number one
 Okay, think about her mo's you think about the number one money in her click phones. What's he doing?
 He finishes the booking flips it over starts over again
 Okay, it's something if I was you I would go through every quarter you have the opportunity
 Okay, go through it again go through it again because you're gonna pick up different things every single time different understanding
 You'll be in a different spot each time right throughout this event
 I go through each of the tiers of the value ladder some of you guys are past year number one you're in chair number two
 So I'm a past two and you're in chair number three. Something is last event
 We're number one now you're trying to get to number two like every single time you get something different because you're in different spot in your life
 Okay, four years ago in your fun hockey live and Stacy Martino talked about
 About the value out you might have been ready for and now maybe you are
 Okay, that's number one number two is watch the process
 We're funnel hackers
 Okay, if you knew how much time and energy and effort and stress went into
 The choreographing this event to make a virtual event make us six million dollars in the middle of the coronavirus
 Lockdown you be shocked and right now our numbers are higher than that for round two. Okay, so we're tweaking we're testing
 We're figuring things out. So watch the process see what we're doing. Okay
 So anyway, I want to show for anyone who's missing the point. Okay, I used to always sign up for every coaching program
 I paid a coaching program one of my paid a hundred thousand dollars for this coaching program
 I remember sitting through it and and some people were thinking okay
 $100,000 they need to entertain me every second of every day for the rest of my life
 And I was like no no all I need is this one idea one little idea if I got one tiny idea from this thing
 It was worth a hundred grand right?
 I just got a tons of events when I first got started this game with every single event like every single month
 I was going to some event and I sit through all of them by the way three event
 I'm like I'm just looking for one thing. I don't need any I see one little nugget like what's that nugget?
 I hear a presentation one two three four five six seven awesome
 I presentation number eight like three four sins the guy would drop something
 I was like boom that's I was looking for where he'd say so he do his clothes a certain way
 I don't learn anything from his presentation
 I watch how he closed the sale I was like that right there was with 50 grand to me a hundred hundred percent
 I'm gonna pay fifty grand to learn how he did that how we closed the sale right?
 How his body move or how he anchored the stage how he did if I you're studying all the different pieces right?
 You as a marketer the content you're buying is only half it the other half is how do they sell it?
 How do they produce it? How do they like all those things? I want to make sure you guys aren't missing it
 Okay, I think sometimes you guys get so much in the consumer phase of things you're missing the orchestration of what you're trying to do
 Okay, watch what I'm doing
 That's the most that's like literally my favorite thing about our business
 It's the fact that I get to sell you guys stuff, but then I can teach you later how I sold you stuff like that's it's so much fun for me
 But like that can be a car I could literally do course tomorrow for thousand bucks. I'll show you how we choreographed
 a six million dollar virtual event in the middle pronoun
 I sell for thousand bucks all day long or you could just watch it like just
 Consume it watch the process. See what's happening anyway?
 I've got a balance. I met my destination if you enjoyed this episode
 Please take a picture of it and tag me on social media. Thank you so much for all you do
 I love you guys. Thank you for listening
 Hopefully you enjoyed to come up live and if you have a chance to go the next one makes you do it without said
 Thanks everybody, and I will talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community, and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job
 Some of you has one funnel way getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel no matter where you are in your business
 This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand this strategy. Hope you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things
 You need to be successful here at Funnel so I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side
 You go online and go to one funnel away calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days, so go get started right now one funnel away calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
