 Hey, what's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I'm here today on a little bit of a rant
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everyone normally I do these episodes in the morning when I'm driving to the office or
 Things like that, but tonight it's late later not super late yet, but I'm just got home from wrestling practice with the kids and
 Anyway, just because of three or four things happened today. It's like top of my mind and so
 I probably won't give all the exact examples because I want to point people out
 But I want to point the concept out because it's something that I think
 You as a leader me as a leader we need to become better at
 And so
 I'm trying the best way to kind of just kind of free this
 Actually, I'm gonna step back to the book Atlas Shrugged. So hopefully you guys had a chance to listen to the Atlas Shrugged interview
 That Josh 49 did that I posted here on the podcast and hopefully for a lot of years
 I got you into the book and got you reading. I was my goal like thank you guys reading it
 That's that's more important
 But one of the one of the themes happens a lot throughout the book
 Dagnie Taggart who's the the main character in the book?
 She she basically ran the railroad and there's all these people the work for her right and all these people and and
 And not just people work for but the whole society is holy nobody wants to make a decision, right?
 Nobody wants to be the person who gets in trouble. They like they don't want to like they don't want to have their neck on the lines
 Like the train would be stuck or something and they can't get going and she comes out
 She's like why isn't moving and she's like well because no one's told us to and like we'll just do it
 Like I can't because then I'm gonna be held responsible. I don't want to get in trouble and she's like
 Like do your job like when you get this thing moving like I don't want to get in trouble and then
 And then they'd be like well
 Will you take responsibility if if I if I have a go if I you know whatever is I say yes
 I'll take responsibility. She's willing to take responsibility and then because of that
 You know the train would go but it was her coming in like taking responsibility and one of the themes throughout the book is that
 Not the big things like nobody wants to take responsibility, right?
 Like nobody will do something because they want somebody else like oh well who whose response was this goes wrong?
 We may want to point to somebody else, right?
 And so that's a big thing
 I'm not gonna get political, but you know right now we're in this weird thing, you know this whole COVID season
 Which is annoying for so many reasons
 but one of the things you know I'm one of the wrestling coaches and then my kids are wrestling and trying to like be part of that and
 There's these decisions that they're supposed to be made be made and you know and whatever the decision is I will
 Follow it and respect it and whatever, but the problem is nobody wants to make decisions
 That's the problem, right?
 Because nobody wants to be held responsible if this happens or this happens or whatever happens
 And so even like school starting here in Idaho this year, at least in the county that we're in
 It got passed like three or four times like school started two weeks later than supposed to because nobody wanted to make a decision
 I know we wanted to be on their clock like I don't want to be one gets in trouble
 I don't want to be it's like it pushing it pushing it pushing it and I've seen same things athletics like like
 You know these meetings were like they make a decision that but nobody wants to make decisions
 Which is past another day another day another person they keep nobody wants to just be like I'm gonna be the one who takes
 Take responsibility for this decision, right? And so we're seeing it. We've seen our lives. We see it in government
 We see it in school since we see everywhere, right?
 And I just want to like pass this to you guys as the leaders as the entrepreneurs as the people who are trying to be the ones standing up and like
 And helping and serving people right the reason why you are called to do the thing is because you have to be the ones to make decisions
 Okay, you have to decide you have to be willing to take responsibility
 For a choice and so many people are scared in fact. I see it so many times
 Even people that I coach and so this is for you who I coach who you're listening to me
 I'm telling you this because this is a pattern you have to become better at right instead of a lot people sign up for coaching
 They sign up for people because they want if it's gonna fail
 They want to be able to blame someone else right so like they sign let's say you sign up for my coaching program
 You're in it and you're like okay, I'm gonna do Russell says I'm gonna follow it and then they're you know
 And I have people who write all time. Hey review my funnel
 I don't want to launch like look at my funnel first I want to make sure we get your opinion
 I want to look at and make they don't want to decide their own
 They don't want to make that they take the leap themselves, right?
 They always want to have somebody else look at so that way if it fails they know Russell Russell told me it was good
 It wasn't so it's his fault not mine. It's like not that often
 That's the reason why people aren't having more success in life
 So you're trying to find somebody else to pass the blame on to you. I think that's the problem
 Like I want to make sure this is very very clear. That is the problem
 Okay, and so if you want to be successful life
 You've got to be willing to make a decision and stick with the consequences happen with it, right?
 And sometimes it's hard because sometimes the con like sometimes you make the wrong decision, okay?
 Many times in my life. I've made the wrong decision many times in my business
 I've made the wrong say many times I said click fun
 I made the wrong decision many times I have my family with my parenting. I make bad decisions sometimes, right?
 I'm not perfect, okay, but I'm willing to make the decision. That's the key
 That's what makes you a leader, right?
 Is being the one who's willing to make the decision and then you're the ones who's ultimately responsible with the consequences of that decision
 And so that's the key you have to understand, right?
 That's what makes a leader great not someone who gets the right decision right every single time
 Someone who's willing to make the decision and then be held accountable if it's you know for the other side of it
 I did an episode one time about extreme ownership that book extreme ownership, which is insanely good
 But it comes back down to that thing, right?
 Everyone wants to pass the buck and like well, this is his fault and her fault
 Like everyone else's fault like like we have to stop that we have to be willing especially us, right?
 The people who are hearing the sound of my voice you are the leaders you are the entrepreneurs
 You're the the change makers you're the people who are gonna be changing this world, right?
 You have to be ones who are willing
 To say I'm gonna make a decision and I may be wrong
 But I'm gonna make the decision right and I'm not gonna pass the buck
 I'm not gonna try to put it on somebody else and take extreme ownership
 This decision I'm gonna make these are the reasons why and then I'm gonna deal with the consequences and then go
 Right and I know it's hard. It is really really hard. I'm not perfect. I'm not saying that I am okay, but I see it
 I understand I see it so many times with people who join a coaching program or buy a product or whatever because they're trying to be
 able to figure out like who can I pass the buck that who can I pass the blame on if this thing fails and
 Say no, no, no, no, it's all on you. Like you have to understand what all said done is all on you a hundred percent of the time
 Okay, so you can call extreme ownership. You can call it
 You know making just like well, I don't care what it is
 But you have to understand that it's on you and as soon as you're willing to take that on that's me starving success
 I look at the people in our community who are the most successful. They're the ones who are not like looking
 You know, they're not the ones who they like they seek after coaching right there
 They're in like there are people who have been in my inner circle. They've been in coaching programs
 They've been in they've been in things. They're seeking that thing not so they can like
 You know if it fails I have someone else to blame which is why a lot of people do it, right?
 They're the opposite it's like I want to come and give me a self-better and better better so I can make the correct decisions
 But ultimately the decision is mine. It's not Russell's on somebody else's right
 It's my decision and so you have to be the one and so like it's good if you're stepping into these these things
 Coaching or whatever else to be able to become a better, you know better
 Making decisions but understanding the lay of land better understanding the strategy the tactics you can make the correct decision
 But ultimately it is your decision and tell you the one willing to risk that and say that and do it
 You are going to struggle
 Okay, and so what I just want to put that out there because man, I wish I could go and talk to
 You know the leaders the government the school system always kind of things I don't I don't have their voice that like they're not my people
 You're my people and so while I'm angry and frustrated at other things like I want to bring this back to you
 Okay, the same thing and I see this inside the company inside companies my own company
 I see in other people's companies right where there's this
 This thing where they try to get by and by committee, right?
 So they come in and they have an idea and they get all their team together like this is my idea
 What do you think?
 Give me some feedback?
 I want to know and like they try to get feedback by committee. Oh and I hate that it drives me nuts
 Okay, you as the leader should have the vision you're not coming in like getting feedback on a vision
 Okay, this vision is yours. You are ultimately responsible for it. You come to your team not with like hey
 I think I have a vision. What do you think? Do you like this or not? No, you come and say this is the vision
 This is what I have decided and everyone can line up and like help me figure out how to make this better and how to execute it correctly
 But you're not having them figure out the the vision for you. That is your job. That is your calling that is your responsibility
 You understand that?
 Okay, and that's why I'm not a big believer in marketing by committee drives me nuts
 Every time someone's like hey, let's get on a call and look at you know, let's map out the strategy to get a traffic
 I'm saying no no like you have the strategy come to me, right?
 I want to see your vision and I'll give you tweets or changes things like that
 But but this is not like vision by committee, right marketing by committee product design by committee like no no no
 Okay, that's not how it can work or how it should work. Okay, it's coming down to you as the leader
 Setting the vision and yeah, don't you know, you can take direction you can learn it
 You can you can ask for feedback and get all the the things you need to build make them the correct decision the best decision possible
 Okay, if there's a leader you're not coming in like
 By committee trying to get everybody to decide on the vision or the direction or the the marketing thing like you've got to be a leader
 Flat out and so this is my calling to you leaders. It's time to step up and leave
 It's time to stop trying to outsource your decision making to a committee or to a coach or to
 Or to whatever right or just hiding from the commitment trying to move it on and it's or like people inside
 Atlas tried just sitting there waiting for a daggie waiting for somebody's willing to to take the heat if it goes wrong
 Okay, you've got to be willing to take that heat. We're also nothing's gonna change
 Okay, sometimes it's gonna happen. You're gonna make a stupid decision happens made so many stupid decisions
 I can walk you through them all one day. We will okay, but I'm still here
 Why because I was willing to take the personal responsibility that was my mess up. I'm a stupid. I mess up
 I'm done
 Okay, I get it but I learn from it and I figure out I kept going forward
 Okay, it's not like out of fear of like God we're gonna trouble and we yell at it
 I don't want this I don't want this and like who can I blame I gotta make someone else make decisions this or that or whatever like
 That's what most people want to do. That's not what we can or we should be doing and so that was a message for tonight
 Like I said, I've just a little mini rant
 I was kind of thinking about tonight and getting frustrated and it's like I gotta I gotta vent somewhere
 So you are my people so you're the ones who understand what I'm talking about and I think you can implement this and apply it for yourself for your team for your people
 It's time for the leaders to step up and become deciders to make decisions
 So this is my calling to you
 No longer are you allowed to push blame on anybody else except for yourself?
 Okay, don't don't try to position the way where you're able to don't try to blame it on anything else
 It's always your fault. Okay, and that's the that's the key and be willing to do that and if you are that's
 You're gonna be able to make the changes in your own life and the people's lives you can call this serve
 So that said thank you guys. I appreciate you. Thanks for listening. You got a value
 Just please take a screenshot on your phone right now
 Of the app as you're listening to us. I can see which episode you are
 And go on Facebook Instagram wherever you're at tag me. I see all those
 I love it. It's fun for me to see you what you guys biggest takeaways were and hopefully this one resonated with you
 For those of you guys who this episode was offensive for some reason I'm guaranteed
 There's always a percentage that what I say off ends
 There's a scripture that says the guilty take it the truth to be hard because it cuts them to the very center
 So when you said if you this triggered you for some reason it's probably because you're passing the blame on other people
 That's it
 Okay, so the guilty take the truth period listen that day. Come on
 Maybe like this is this was hard for me. Maybe this is where I'm struggling
 If I need to step back and figure this out for myself
 Okay
 Be coachable. It's a hard skill set to learn but sit back and be coachable
 If this it this felt weird for you if you didn't enjoy it if you felt
 Whatever I would I would recommend pausing for second sitting back and being coachable look at yourself and like man
 Am I doing this that was that why I bothered him? He's that why I'm kind of struggling with this and so
 Look at yourself and maybe maybe I'm wrong, which is totally totally possible
 But from my experiences I understand what I've done what I've experienced in my life
 This is why I believe it's true. Therefore, I will share it with you and hopefully it'll resonate and serve you
 So that said appreciate you all thanks for listening and I'll talk to you as all soon
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay, and the phone over you text is
 208-231-3797 once again
 It's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting communities where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code
 208-231-3797 one more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
