 What's up everyone, this is Russell.
 Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast.
 I'm back with Josh today.
 And do I tell them what today's episode is?
 This is a really fun one.
 - Yeah, today guys, we're doing rapid fire.
 We went to the community.
 We asked a bunch of different questions.
 And by the way, we have like so many more to go over.
 So like, yeah, you just keep coming in, which is awesome.
 But it's a rapid fire Q&A with Russell
 to kind of bring out a side of Russell
 that maybe, maybe we don't get to see as much
 by asking just a bunch of rapid fire questions.
 - There's some cool questions there.
 I think you guys enjoy it.
 I think it was something for everybody.
 So listen, take notes.
 And next time we ask you for some questions,
 make sure you submit them, maybe we get answers live
 and call that.
 We call that some people, yeah.
 - It's true.
 Maybe you got to call that, you should pay attention.
 Anyway, thanks Josh.
 This was a fun episode.
 That said, this is Cube Team Song.
 And we'll get right back with some Q&A's.
 - So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe
 are going out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 - All right, so this one I want to do a little bit different.
 It kind of phase three here as we kind of go through this
 is I went and asked community a bunch of different questions.
 And there's so many different ones.
 I've got screenshots on screenshots of,
 on Facebook, on Instagram and kind of things like that.
 And so I thought it would be cool to kind of go through
 and do kind of like a rapid fire style
 where we just kind of like hit you
 with a bunch of different questions, right?
 And there's a lot of similarities,
 like underlying actual questions at what it is.
 But a lot of it is people,
 like they want to understand your thought process.
 They want to understand like how you run certain things
 or how you do certain things or like whatever.
 And so what I thought would be cool is I have enough questions
 to where we could literally do one a minute
 for the next like couple hours, right?
 So take as much time as you want or need to go through this.
 But I think if we just kind of went through
 and did like a rapid fire of like, all right, start here
 and then go through and do this,
 like I think that would be super beneficial.
 And I think it'd be kind of a unique creative thing
 that we could try and see how people like it.
 So I'm good.
 - That'd be fun. Let's do it.
 - All right. So the first question is,
 and I think this kind of, it's interesting.
 I think that this ties into both of our previous topics
 like that we kind of covered and talked about,
 whether it be podcasting and like finding your voice there
 or like funnels and kind of figuring that all out
 is like the question got asked by three or four different times,
 some variation of like, what do you do
 when you don't know what you want to do yet?
 Like when you haven't found that voice, right?
 And you're like, 'cause I think, you know, for me,
 it's interesting.
 I actually found my voice before I found my product, right?
 And I think a lot of people figure out what they are going to sell
 before they find their voice, right?
 And so for me, it was a little bit easier
 because like I had all these followers
 before I was ever selling anything and I was super broke.
 And then I found out come secrets.
 And it was like, oh my God, this is amazing.
 I literally went from making like $25,000 a year
 to like $250,000 a year in like, you know, one year, right?
 It was amazing because I just added it too, right?
 But a lot of people, they really struggle with like, okay, cool.
 I get all these things conceptually, right?
 Like, I know I need a funnel and I know I need a value adder.
 I know you can create a community and a following
 and raising fans like, I get all the things,
 but like, I don't know mine yet.
 Like I don't know the thing.
 And so when you're doing that, like what's the thing
 that you do or like what advice would you give people
 to fix that problem of, or what things should they be focused on
 when they haven't found their voice yet?
 - Yeah, I'd say there's two directions on this.
 And both of them are correct.
 It's just spending on who you are.
 Number one, if you are like a visionary,
 if you just profile your high eye,
 you want to be the person that's like there.
 The biggest key is not to wait.
 If I would wait for click funnels and funnels,
 I never would have got here, right?
 I just started creating stuff that were bad,
 like potato guns, zip-brand or foreign fortunes,
 like all these like things that didn't work
 or I made very little money that no one's ever heard of
 by the 150 funnels before I was ever like,
 I'm a funnel guy, I'm gonna do fun.
 I wanna teach, I started getting into funnels
 and we don't funnel software, but it was, man, 14 years
 and 150 funnels before I figured that out.
 But if I wouldn't have been in motion,
 I never would have found that.
 So if you are a creator and you know like that's your calling,
 like you just start moving forward
 and find out what you're passionate about.
 Like if I started today, I would be into biohacking,
 I'd be into nutrition, I'd be into like those things
 I'm really geeking about now in my life,
 I'd be running that direction, right?
 I don't know what the option is gonna be,
 but I'm gonna do something and I'm gonna do nothing.
 And then eventually I feel like God,
 as we start moving in a direction, like consciously,
 I'm moving this direction trying to figure this out,
 he will give us little ideas,
 he'll give us impressions and ideas.
 And he's trying to see like,
 if I give Russell's idea,
 is he gonna be a good steward this idea or not?
 If I take it and I implement it,
 he's like, oh, he's a good steward of a little thing,
 let me give him some more, let me give him some more.
 And then 14 years later, he's like, okay, now I know
 he's worthy of this, let me give him the big idea.
 But he's checking it.
 And if you get the idea, you're like,
 ah, I'm scared, I get fearful of whatever,
 and you don't do it, he's not gonna give you the next one.
 And my guy's not a good steward of ideas,
 and he's a good idea to somebody else.
 That's why how many times you're like,
 I had an idea for that, but so and so did it,
 'cause I didn't want to just do it,
 I didn't want to show it up.
 So that's the one thing it's like moving forward.
 The second thing is that some of you guys,
 you're not the visionary person, and that's okay, right?
 There's 450 people who work at ClickFunnels
 who aren't the visionary person,
 and if it wasn't for all of them, I'd be screwed, right?
 There are people that are my number twos,
 that are my psychics, that are helping me to support it.
 And they combine to my vision.
 In fact, I remember Leon who designs all my slides for me.
 He's like one of the most amazing people in the world,
 and he was out here in Boise one day.
 He's a quiet guy, just kind of more reserved,
 and he's out to leave for the airport,
 and he pulled me a slide, and I was like,
 I was like, yeah, what's going on?
 And he said, he's like, I've decided that my mission in life
 is to help you to get your word out to the world.
 And I was like, I got chills, I was like, oh my gosh,
 like, thank you, it was such a cool thing.
 And I was like, and I got it, he's got this skill set.
 He's not even on stage doing the things
 and doing podcasts and stuff,
 and without him, I couldn't do what I'm doing.
 So being a supporting role is huge.
 So find a vision you do believe in.
 Like, if you're like, I think Dave Ashby
 and the Bulletproof Movement is the thing,
 go get a job from, go work from, go like, do I go work for free?
 Whatever, you can be close to that person,
 and help bolster it.
 It's like, I'm hoping that everyone believes in something.
 Fear out something you believe in, you're passionate about,
 and go be a supporter of that.
 Like, your vision is not to be something you created.
 It's just something you're supporting,
 and you're helping to move forward.
 And so that'd be my two advice, depending on which
 side you kind of fall on.
 If you're not sure, just start running.
 I think it happens.
 Love it.
 That's awesome.
 And I think that's really, really cool.
 My current assistant, I've cycled through a couple of assistants now,
 and I finally have one, and she's amazing,
 and she's just like, I came into your company thinking
 that this is what you needed.
 And I was like, yeah, because that's what I told you I needed,
 but I had no idea what I needed.
 And she's like, but you actually needed this.
 And I'm like, tell me what I need.
 Right?
 And I was like, are you going to leave me now?
 She's like, no, I believe in you,
 and I believe in your vision.
 Like, I know what you're trying to accomplish.
 Like, you didn't realize this is what you needed,
 but like, I believe in you.
 And I'm like, oh, that is like a relief, right?
 Like, so if that is your part, like,
 if you can find that person, that's lucky.
 OK, next thing kind of goes along with this another rapid bar one
 is as you're going through and you are figuring out
 like all these different things and like testing through your things,
 how do you make it so where you're not confusing your audience
 and to where like they don't feel like you're just a mess that's
 everything is everywhere, right?
 Like you're trying all these different things,
 you're throwing things at the wall.
 Like, is that just something like people are just going to leave
 and just be upset just because?
 Or is there ways to kind of minimize that and communicate
 to your community that you don't know what you're doing,
 but like this is the vision, like this is what we're going on,
 it's trying a bunch of different things.
 Like, is there a way to like do that well?
 Yeah, I think a couple of things.
 Number one is understanding that, you know,
 until you really dial that in, it's going to be hard to get
 a huge following anyway.
 Like the other day, I was searching my name
 with someone else's name that I did a deal with like 20 years ago
 and it pulled up the Google results.
 And there was like, oh, I was so embarrassed.
 Like anyway, it was bad.
 But guess what?
 Those people are all gone now, they left.
 They're not even aware what happened.
 They're like, bro, Southern Falls is the beginning.
 Ever since you guys launched Fun Lacking Live,
 I was like, oh, I was in business 15 years
 before the first Fun Lacking Live.
 I bought all the back from micro continuity.
 I was like, that was a long time ago,
 I was in business nine years before micro continuity.
 Like most of you just understanding like,
 like the people are going to be like,
 when you figure out the thing,
 like it's going to be a whole new group of people, right?
 And so it's not stressing too much about that.
 But at the same time, it's like,
 it's helping people understand like,
 like I'm experimenting, I call it like marketing experiments
 or like I used to call mine a dot com secrets labs
 before I wrote the book and anything.
 It's like, it's like, I'm practicing this principle.
 So like, I would like study SEO and talk about like,
 oh, and I'd sell SEO courses from other people
 because I'm like, I'm learning this person to understand SEO.
 I'm over here and like,
 I'm in a laboratory testing these things out.
 This is what I'm actually doing.
 And there's a lot of value in that
 because you're becoming like,
 in proxy the person and sometimes you can cut through stuff
 that's working, you're not working,
 you can direct access to people that they can.
 So just helping them understand like,
 my end goals, I want to be,
 again, if I was going to bio hacking world right now,
 like my end goals, I want to be healthier.
 So like, for example,
 this is my live mushroom GTS root beer.
 It's my, I alluded my favorite thing,
 I have to get twice a day.
 It's from Whole Foods, it's got Reese's Chaga
 and Turkey Tail, the actual fruiting bodies of the mushrooms
 in here blended into this root beer
 that tastes like my grandma used to make.
 I love it, I'm obsessed with it.
 So I could be like, this thing is amazing.
 I'm excited about it.
 And this is why I did the study and this is why I'm doing it.
 I could probably sell a crap ton of these right now, right?
 And then I could find out some things.
 Like Anthony Camin, he's got this thing.
 And I'm like, I can be excited on testing out about his newsletter,
 about his membership site.
 I'm like, so it's just like you is the,
 I'm gonna make a reporter who's testing these things out
 in the beginning until you figure out what your thing is
 and you can really dial it in.
 And I become the mushroom dude who sells mushroom root beer.
 I don't know, but anyway.
 - Please do good funnels.
 - We need you in that land more.
 - Is it good?
 All right.
 - Cool. All right.
 Next question we got here is,
 do you ever struggle with scarcity and like being in scarcity mode,
 even after you've made, you know,
 had all the success and as much money as you've made,
 like do you still struggle with being in scarcity mode
 or have you kind of evolved past that?
 - Yeah, I don't struggle with scarcity.
 I have a lot of my own issues for sure.
 But it's funny because like every time someone launches
 like the next ClickFunnels killer, I get a noise me.
 But then I'm like, you know what?
 First off, they're not gonna, you know,
 they're not gonna, what I'm willing to do,
 I'm willing to outwork all of them.
 And so I'm not worried that way.
 Number two, competition drives me, which is really, really good.
 And number three, actually, Annie Grace messaged me this
 a little while ago.
 She was talking about her business
 and all these people who were competing.
 And she's like, they were leading her people astray.
 And I was like, I get that.
 And I said, the thing that's the most comforting to me
 is actually a Bible scripture where Jesus Christ said,
 my sheep will hear my voice, they will follow me.
 And that's not direct translation.
 But basically that's just like my sheep will hear my voice.
 And I believe that's something that was true for him,
 but I think it's true for all of us.
 Like it's a universal principle.
 And so I understand it's like, I'm gonna go out there,
 I'm gonna be rustled, the best rustle I can be.
 And a lot of people are not gonna follow me.
 They're gonna be, they're gonna understand, you know,
 that person better, or whatever.
 'Cause I'm gonna probably better,
 but my sheep are gonna hear my voice,
 they're gonna follow me, right?
 I'm gonna track the right people.
 They're gonna come back and lie.
 They're gonna use my platform.
 They're gonna be exciting.
 And like, those are the people I haven't called to serve.
 I am not called to serve the people who are gonna go
 and go somewhere else, right?
 They don't resonate my message with me or whatever.
 I gotta be okay with that because my sheep will hear my voice.
 And that's my belief that helps me to not be scared
 or scared to see, 'cause like, I don't want those people
 anyway, I want my sheep to follow me
 and I'm gonna help them to serve them.
 'Cause that's what I've been called to serve.
 - That's awesome.
 That's super cool.
 - All right, next one here is actually from Parker Woodward.
 Shout out, Parker.
 He says, "How do you know what positions
 to put members of your team in so they personally thrive?"
 - Mm.
 Man, I cannot tell you, just you know, Parker,
 this is a constant thing.
 So if you read the book, "Good to Great,"
 one thing talks about is like finding the right people
 and then putting them on the right seats on the bus.
 And those are two different activities.
 And sometimes you nail it.
 You're like, "Got the right person?
 They're on the right seat on the bus, and it's awesome."
 So many times I come to find someone who's amazing
 and we put them in a thing, it's like,
 "Oh, they don't fit there."
 They don't fit anything.
 You move around four or five times,
 like this person sucks at their job, they're horrible.
 And it's not actually true, it's horrible.
 What's the problem is like,
 you're the right person in the wrong seat on the bus.
 You get them the right seat and then they thrive.
 And so it's understanding that and really defining it
 of like, what are the seats?
 Initially, I think that's, you know,
 you have this for your system, like,
 I don't really know what seat is,
 but I just know I need help and I'm drowning.
 But if you or someone around you understands,
 like, this is where I'm hurting, this is where I'm struggling
 and they can define the seat,
 then it's easy to find the right person.
 Or you find someone that I know it's the right person
 and it happens to like, working with them, being okay.
 Like, we may have to try a couple of seats
 when we figure out I know you're the right cultural fit,
 I know the right person, right?
 Or a Catholic, but I don't know what the skill set is yet.
 Maybe they don't know yet either.
 And as soon as you're able to figure out
 what their unique ability is,
 then you put it in the right spot
 and then they can thrive.
 And so it's kind of a two-step process.
 - Interesting.
 All right, this one's from Braden.
 He says, "What are the biggest beliefs fundamentally
 that you had to shift early on in your life or career
 that you believe are required to get to $100 million
 and beyond?"
 - It's funny, you think it's like belief
 that some marketing principles.
 So I found out every tier, so if me to get to $1 million,
 I should get $1 million in the calendar year,
 it took me three years and I missed it by like 20 grand,
 three years in a row, I couldn't do it.
 And it's totally like a mental block,
 I didn't believe that I could do it for some reason.
 And after I did the first time, I was like,
 oh, then it was easy.
 And then 10 million is my next mental block.
 I missed it first year, second year we got.
 And then, so it's like, there's these mental blocks
 where I don't know if it's like, we don't believe in ourselves,
 we don't believe in like the word,
 I don't believe the word they have
 or the way the abilities of it or whatever,
 but the first thing is I believe in yourself.
 And that just comes with a lot of like,
 you doing things, again, it comes back,
 we talked about earlier, like God gives you an idea,
 like you're gonna be a good steward of this idea.
 And the more often you like take it in,
 you run with it, even if you fail,
 like the more times you do that,
 the more you start trusting yourself.
 And so that's a big part of it, right now,
 like I can walk into a room where there's like,
 things are on fire and there's pure chaos,
 I have no idea what I'm gonna go into it.
 I walk in knowing that like,
 the right idea is gonna show up when I need it
 because I've done it so many times over and over and over
 and over and over again, I just know that it's gonna happen
 and I have belief in myself.
 So that's the first thing.
 I honestly believe that the second thing
 that this comes back to the spiritual side of things
 is that there's a purpose behind it.
 - Mm.
 - Like I struggled growing click funnels
 'cause I thought that it was for Russell and Todd
 and our friends to make money.
 I thought that's what the business was
 for probably the first three or four years.
 And it wasn't so I hired this coach
 who helped me see the connection between things.
 And she's just excited.
 I was like, there's business and there's spiritual things
 and God doesn't care right as my business, 'cause whatever.
 And she helped me bridge the gap,
 like do you see what's actually happening because it's business?
 And she's people's lives are changing,
 all these kind of things.
 And she was the first person to say,
 that's like, she's like,
 this is literally a calling that God gave you to do this.
 And as soon as I heard that and I felt it
 and I believed it, it could change everything for me.
 I was like, this isn't just like something else
 that does as a hobby on the side
 to keep me busy till I die.
 Like this is what I was made for.
 I was made to inspire entrepreneurs to change the world
 because each entrepreneur can do that.
 And like when I heard that and I believed it,
 then it changed everything.
 It gave me permission to be like,
 okay, well then it's all my donkey con.
 I'm going like when I publish, I'm gonna create them
 and write books and then do software.
 I'm gonna do things because it wasn't just like
 money for money's sake.
 It was because this is a mission.
 This is a calling.
 I need to do it.
 And so it changed everything for me.
 So I think for you guys, that'd be the next thing.
 It's like, you gotta be connected.
 Like, is this actually what God wants me doing?
 And if you believe that,
 you believe it's not just some side hobby.
 Man, it gives you the feel you need to grow
 because now it's bigger than just like you making money.
 Making money is so uninspiring.
 Changing the world because you were called to,
 at least for me changed everything.
 - That's super, super interesting.
 And so obviously, you know,
 I've worked with Katie Richardson and, you know,
 tremendous mindset shifting things in there.
 And one of the things that I've learned just about mindset,
 what you said there is your brain, like by default,
 just runs.
 And so it will run with whatever program,
 like 90% of your life is basically autopilot.
 You don't even realize that you're making the decision
 you're making, right?
 So it's like, whatever program is there,
 that's how your life operates, right?
 And how you change that is not by, you know,
 changing this or, you know, all these different things.
 It's like literally reprogramming is changing belief, right?
 And so if you can actually just shift the belief,
 that's actually shifting the program.
 And so I think, you know, for me,
 when I first got started entrepreneurship,
 it was, how do I hustle my way to success, right?
 It was like, fricking, you know,
 I was at Gary Vaynerchuk working 18 hours a day,
 let's go, right?
 Yeah, right.
 And so I was like, that's what I'm gonna do.
 And it was like, Katie came in and was like, cool.
 Like, that's the belief that you have
 and it's only gonna get you so far, right?
 And then once you can replace that belief,
 that it's like, oh, you don't have to do that anymore.
 Like, this is the way to do it.
 It was like a really, it was like identity crisis, right?
 It was like, but like, wait, no, I'm like a hustler.
 I'm up till four in the morning, every single morning.
 Like, you can't take that away from me.
 But then like once the belief shifted,
 then it was like, oh, everything else in life shifted.
 It was like, okay, cool.
 Now I operate this way, right?
 And so that's super, super interesting that you say that
 because I feel like--
 - I feel like what I believe my only role is
 inside of ClickFunnels literally is for me
 to stand on stage, write books, do podcasts,
 everything so I can get our customers
 to believe this will work for them.
 That's it.
 I know it works for them.
 Like, but if I get in the tool,
 I don't believe it's gonna work for them,
 it will not work for them.
 I get in the way to believe like this works.
 Like I'm the head belief cheerleader.
 Like, that's all I'm actually doing is trying to like,
 take my, 'cause whoever has most certainty
 of any circumstance, any situation always wins, right?
 So when I come into something,
 I've got to come with more certainty than them.
 And I've got to prove to them that I believe it can work
 and it can work for them.
 And if I can get them to believe it, then it'll happen.
 But that's the hardest thing.
 It's just the mental thing inside people's heads.
 As soon as they believe it, you see it.
 'Cause it's like, oh, the struggle is struggling
 and also something happens and I believe it'll work for them.
 And Holy cow, next thing they know,
 they're two comic club.
 It's just this weird, it's weird.
 'Cause it makes sense.
 You're like, no, it's just a process.
 Like, no, it's a process, but your belief is your fuel.
 And how you're tactizing one way or the other,
 100% depends on if you believe it's gonna work.
 If I believe that if I write a book,
 I'm really people are gonna buy it.
 I can go write a book.
 If I'm like, I don't think it's gonna buy it.
 Like, what if they don't like it?
 What if what if what if what if it would have,
 I'll spend 25 years writing this book is never gonna get done.
 The belief is everything.
 - Yeah.
 - And then when I talk, you can talk about that with Warrior Way,
 he's like, we tell people this isn't the only way,
 this is a way, right?
 And I was talking with my students the other day,
 I was like, hey guys,
 how many different ways are there to grow your business?
 And they're like, I don't know, thousands of them.
 I'm like, sweet, what's the way you grow their business?
 And they're like, funnels?
 - Like without even thinking about it, right?
 And it was like, see what Russell did there?
 (laughs)
 - And that took me seven years of preaching consistently
 to get the market and get people to believe that,
 but it wasn't that way, yeah.
 - It's interesting.
 - Yeah.
 - So, all right, the next question here, and this comes up,
 I mean, this probably came up probably more
 than anything outside of funnels was,
 how do you manage the relationship with your family
 and the balance between work and family?
 Because this is something, you know,
 I think a lot of people struggle with,
 I didn't even realize that this was a thing
 until I got married.
 And then I got married and I was like,
 oh, I'm experiencing a little bit of this.
 And I'm like, I can't imagine like, then kids
 and then being around, like, so how do you balance
 your work and your family and overwhelm and burnout?
 And like, 'cause there's, I mean, there's limits at amounts.
 And it seems like you can do everything else.
 So like, I'll show everything over there, right?
 So like, how do you balance that with your family
 and the work-life balance of that?
 - Yeah.
 It's a great question.
 I should, I get asked a lot, which is interesting.
 Like, I think a lot of people,
 well, I think the big problem is like,
 most people who are doing what I do, they have, yeah.
 The area of life, the entrepreneurship, the killing it,
 and then the rest of life's a wreck.
 It's like, or they just don't talk about the rest of life
 and no one knows.
 And so anyway, a couple of things is number one.
 Sharf and Hadda Stu, like a time study before you,
 or did that before?
 - Yeah, it was the worst.
 - I hated it so much. - Oh yeah,
 if I had three minutes, I was like, I wanna die.
 But you basically sit down and start like,
 you start like every 15 minutes, you're like,
 write down what you're doing during the day
 and really quick your eyes,
 oh, I'm only actually working two hours a day.
 I think like the average employee
 is that two hours and eight hour a day
 is the actual production.
 - Yeah, something like that.
 It's super low.
 - So the first thing is just by default,
 and this comes from you being a wrestler, right?
 As a wrestler, we have two hour practice,
 we got the limited time, and I wanted to be the best.
 So I had to cram as much actual stuff
 in those small windows as humanly possible.
 And you know, like when you're an entrepreneur,
 you're going on a trip and it's like,
 my plane means that two, but now we're gonna have to work.
 In the hour and a half, you'll get more done
 than an entire day typically, right?
 And so I trick my mind that all the time.
 So like if you look at like a typical eight hour day,
 like I'm coming in from, usually from nine 30 to five,
 it's like my window that I'm here at the office.
 When I'm here, I'm super present.
 But what I do in that window of time
 is what most people do in a week.
 Because I don't, like people always ask me,
 hey Russell, can I take you to lunch?
 I'm like, you have the luxury of lunch?
 I'm not eating lunch in, I don't know,
 decade and a half.
 Like I'm working, I quick Uber Eats,
 I keep working, it shows up, I'm eating it,
 and I keep going, right?
 Like I don't waste time for that crap.
 Like I don't, like I'm just, I'm in the zone,
 and I'm working, and I'm not doodling,
 and texting, and a million different things.
 I'm like, when I'm doing something, I'm doing the thing.
 Like I was up this morning from 5.30 till 7.
 I was writing copy for the new offer,
 and I'm like, that's what I did by myself.
 Cranked it out, you know, seven o'clock.
 Boom, I hear Nora talking, I hear the kids getting up,
 and then I break, I break my presence at the thing,
 and I leave, and from 7 till like 8.30 ish,
 I got my dad.
 And so I take the high school kids in school,
 I come back, and I pick up Nora,
 and I play with her a little bit,
 and then I get her fed, and then,
 class getting her dressed, and stuff,
 and I go wake up, and then I mean,
 and then I'm talking about the day,
 and then, then, Klet takes LA to school.
 Aidan's there, I get in the shower,
 I get dressed, and by 9 o'clock, I'm ready to go,
 and I jump in my car, I come here,
 and then boom, I'm in Russell,
 like I'm entrepreneur mode,
 and from 9.30 years till 5, like I'm here,
 I'm cranking my days blocked out,
 I know everything I gotta do during the day,
 I gotta just do this, I gotta schedule
 everything's blocked out,
 like I knew from 9 till 10.30, mean you're here,
 and I'm present, I'm not looking at a thousand,
 like we're here, doing the thing, it's gonna be done,
 and then at 10.30, I know exactly what I'm doing.
 Like, as soon as we're done, I'm not sitting around,
 like for 30 minutes, like what should I do next?
 Like, I know what's gonna be happening,
 and I'm going, I'm doing the thing,
 and so my days are like that, so boom, boom,
 so by the time I get there in the day, it's like,
 oh, I got a lot of done today, this is amazing,
 and then I go home, and when I walk through the door
 from my car in the garage to the door,
 I stand, like before I walk through the door,
 I stop, and I'm like, okay, I literally stop for a second,
 I'm like, I'm getting in dad mode,
 I'm getting in husband mode, and I get done,
 and I walk through the door, and I'm now a dad and a husband,
 I'm not an entrepreneur, and I go,
 I literally go to everyone in my kids in the house,
 my love language is physical touch, I go give me a hug,
 I go give my wife a hug, and then I'm there,
 and for that time, I'm dad from till nine,
 and then from nine to 11, I'm husband,
 and 11 o'clock I'm in bed waiting for next day,
 and so it's just, I'm really good at chunking time,
 and I'm not perfect, some days I'll get depressed,
 or I'll get tired, or burned out, or whatever,
 and I don't hit it, but the most part,
 I would say I'm pretty consistent
 in like getting a lot of stuff done in the windows that I got.
 - Mm, that's super, super interesting.
 - Yeah, being present, and being present at work,
 being present at home, like that balance,
 once again, something came, you talked about a lot,
 it's just like be fully present with where you are,
 and then set boundaries, right, having those clear for that.
 - I'm not, you know, you guys, my wife too,
 I'm not perfect at it, but I try to find things
 bleed from thing to thing.
 I try that when I walk through the garage door,
 and I thought I'm done with work, and I'm home,
 and then, you know what I mean?
 And I think that's what I want to do,
 is like it all just mushes together,
 where they're doing everything,
 so everything becomes done inefficiently.
 - Yeah.
 - I was listening to Dan Kennedy, actually,
 I was like, would you hire a doctor
 who is gonna do surgery on you,
 and while he's doing surgery, he's watching YouTube video,
 and he's eating something on the sides,
 like no, you want presents if you're gonna hire someone,
 same thing like, you want to build a funnel,
 like you need your designer,
 and your pro, like everyone who's doing this
 to have like laser focus,
 you don't want them doing these other things,
 'cause you need their full attention to presents.
 - That's awesome.
 This one's from Paul van Blume, he says,
 and I'm kind of paraphrased this here,
 because, but how do you modify your behavior,
 which is, you know, like, maybe you've got this thing
 that you, I don't know, scroll Facebook too much,
 and you just can't seem to quit, right?
 Or I'm not sure that's not a problem for you,
 but like, but like, how do you go through
 and actually change or modify behavior,
 and it sounds like a lot of your life is routine,
 is that true, right?
 Like, you kind of like figure out the process that works,
 and then you'd go until it needs to change,
 and then it's just like, pick the next process.
 It's like, how do you go through
 and modify behavior that you want to be able to change?
 - Yeah, that's a big section of the new book
 that's coming out someday in the future,
 but so this is a reality,
 is that the shorter versions of "Run Close On Time"
 is like, understanding that we do things that meet our needs,
 and so we have to figure out, like,
 how are our needs being met?
 I talked about "Spinal Hacking Live" a little bit
 with Tony Robbins, "Six Huminese," right?
 Like, if any, I don't actually get on this for like two hours,
 maybe this would be like the first topic for next time
 we do this. - Yeah, I was gonna say,
 maybe we do that, yeah. - It'd be fun,
 but there's like six Huminese,
 and there's four needs in the body, right?
 And anytime three of the four needs in the body are met,
 it creates a physical addiction inside you.
 So if you're scrolling Facebook all day long,
 it's because it's meeting a need.
 Like, you're getting certainty from it,
 you're getting significance from it,
 and you're probably getting love and connection from it, right?
 So three of your four needs are being met.
 And right, you're gonna, like, all four of your needs
 are being met by scrolling Facebook.
 So it's created physical addiction.
 So for you to break that physical addiction,
 it's not gonna be easy,
 unless you replace it with another physical addiction
 that you enjoy more, right?
 So it's like, like, I have to replace things.
 I can't just like, just willpower it out,
 you've got this thing out and be gone.
 It's like, I'm trying to get my needs met somewhere.
 And so they're getting met there, like, I'm good.
 So I need to get met somewhere else to replace it.
 It's like, you know, a lot of people get their needs met
 by eating, and so they keep eating,
 and they want to lose weight, and they can't lose weight,
 because like, all their needs are met there.
 And so until they replace those needs somewhere else,
 like they're gonna keep defaulting to that, right?
 Yeah, to get a good eat count on it for one time.
 But that's the core root of it,
 is it fulfills your needs,
 and tell you those needs met somewhere else,
 you're gonna keep falling back to it over and over again.
 All right, last two super rapid fire questions.
 Number one, what is the top, the number one,
 or I'll give you top three,
 'cause if number one's impossible.
 Top three books outside of your own,
 that someone must read.
 Outside of your own, 'cause obviously it's Doc on
 the right side, so I'm in the middle of this
 and you can probably heal like a deep dive.
 Can I give you my three best and pulling hillbooks?
 There you go.
 Oh, I got it by the question.
 Three best and pulling hillbooks.
 Everything else seems like a distraction.
 So for me, out winning the devil is the best thing he's ever in.
 It is insanely good and very, very practical.
 Thinking girl rich, I've been revisiting and like,
 "Oh, it's so good."
 And then the Law of Success is not a book,
 it's a book series, which I now own,
 oh my gosh, I don't know if I haven't told you this yet.
 I think I started a quick picture, but--
 You showed me a video, yeah.
 The Law of Success was published in 1928.
 I have the, his version that he wrote in 1925
 before he sent it to the editors or publishers,
 first edition signed that he printed at a schoolhouse
 here in my possession.
 It's insane.
 I can't wait to visit your library, bro.
 Oh my gosh, it's crazy.
 But those are the three, I was sorry, I was sorry.
 I'm in the devil 'cause I'll make you fall in love
 with the pulling hill of bingo, thinking girl rich.
 And if you love that, then go into Law of Success
 as it's like a longer form version of stuff,
 but it's, ah, he's my favorite right now.
 All right, last question for you.
 And we all know the answer to this,
 but I thought it was a great last question to end on,
 just to make sure in business, in marketing,
 in success, for all of success,
 what's the number one skill set that someone must learn?
 Oh, persuasion.
 Persuasion.
 Yeah, it's learning how to tell a story
 in a way that gets people to move.
 'Cause everything else, I can outsource all the rest of it.
 But like I said, we're talking about creating the offer
 for the New Magdant Market, it gets that,
 it's the story of persuasion,
 the thing that's gonna get people to move.
 And that, 'cause that weaves into your funnel,
 weaves into your emails, like weaves into
 how you get your team to move it,
 how you get your community, like all the stuff comes down
 for like that skill set of learning how to persuade people.
 Awesome.
 Well, Russell, I think that wraps it up.
 We'll see what the audience says, but this is a fun run.
 That was really fun, man.
 I appreciate that.
 This has been a good day.
 I woke up some morning working, I've done energy.
 This has been a lot of fun energy.
 Like I appreciate you appreciate it.
 And if you guys like these episodes like this,
 let us know and we'll do it again.
 This was kind of a test for us.
 No, guys.
 We did it and I had a lot of fun, so hopefully we did.
 Yeah, man, for sure.
 Let's get chatting with you.
 And everybody go buy Russell stuff and click funnels
 and all the things because it will make you tons
 and tons of money and that's it.
 That's the end of it.
 That's the one.
 That was a really good idea.
 I wanted you to pitch the stuff so I didn't have
 to awkwardly tell people to buy it.
 Thank you so much.
 Okay, everybody, go buy stuff right now.
 It gets amazing.
 That's a pitch.
 Yeah, the first thing you're gonna get
 is you're gonna get a change of belief.
 The second thing you're gonna get
 is you're gonna get, I don't know what it is.
 A step-by-step process of the marketing bible
 and the third thing you're gonna get is
 increase the status because Russell will like you.
 Boom, there's the pitch.
 One more to our life.
 Come on now.
 Yeah, can you imagine?
 All right, Russell, thank you so much, man.
 I appreciate your time and we'll talk to you soon.
 Awesome, thank you too.
 (upbeat music)
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere
 between 10 and 30 minutes every single day,
 answering questions through text message
 to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing,
 pull your phone out and actually text me a message, okay?
 Now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 and then it'll send you back a message
 where you can add me to your phone
 and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community,
 so I'm gonna be giving you out free swag,
 giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings,
 about times I'm coming to your local area
 and a whole bunch more.
 So I wanna make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day,
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes,
 my favorite frameworks and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is
 pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
