 What's up everybody this is Russell and welcome you guys to marketing secrets
 I'm finally giving you a chance here behind the scenes what happened with the viral video launch the bubble soccer party
 Everything is happening on today's episode of marketing secrets
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody welcome back hope you guys have been doing amazing this whole week
 I've been in a circle meetings, so I've been dropping some cool stuff in the podcast
 Hope you've been enjoying it if you watch the audio version listening to audio version. I gave you guys a really cool
 Call for Frank Kern, which was awesome since you part of my presentation
 But I went from zero to hundred million dollars without taking on any outside capital
 Which was cool hopefully like that and and now I'm finally having a chance to tell you guys behind the scenes, so
 It's been it's been a fun week afterwards, you know whenever somebody's happens
 We have no idea what to expect or what you know
 I mean it's like what happens if we launch this video gets 500 million views if you launch it it gets 10 views
 And you have kind of no idea what's gonna happen
 and so for me it's always like
 I think sometimes people get so
 Invest in the outcome that they they miss the the fun and the joy what you're doing, right?
 I know that I've had times my life when I do as well
 And so consciously with this as well as any launch
 You know I said big goals and big dreams stuff by that
 But I say it closer and closer and closer. I start caring I start
 I don't know about words like I I delete the the outcome goal in my head like I just like I don't know what it's gonna
 be and if I if I set one and I don't hit it I'm gonna be sad if I
 If I set one and I surpass I'll be happy
 But I don't want that like I did the work no matter what and I want to be able to celebrate and enjoy it
 So I try to like just get rid of the the outcome in my head. So like going into it. I didn't have an outcome
 Really and so again, I was looking at things like what's the worst case scenario?
 So for us and click phones worst case scenario a lot of you guys know we spent a lot of money
 Homeroaters charged about half a million dollars for a video plus we threw a big party we hired influencers to come like
 You know all said and done
 I haven't looked at the numbers yet. It's been a whirlwind week
 But I would say probably all in in this whole party promotion. We were probably in closer a million dollars, which is kind of crazy
 Um, I think I told you as before it's the first time I've ever like just kind of put everything on black and or everything on red
 Or how do you say that? I'm not a terminology the gambling thing
 But just kind of rolling it typically with any kind of marketing. I'm very
 We're very direct response driven. Whereas like we test small but dollar rating it two hours back out and then if that works then we scale right
 That's how we've grown a company. That's how
 Everything I believe is based on that. So this is the biggest thing we're like we're putting a lot in without
 Knowing ahead of time, but it's okay because you know, we're looking at what's the worst case scenario worst case scenario
 average click phones member
 By the time of averaging that's like 1200 bucks or something like that. Maybe higher actually. I'm sure it's higher
 We just have only been in business in fact tomorrow's our three-year birthday
 So
 We have a lot of people about three years so that number keeps growing over time
 But as far as we know now it's over 1200 bucks a person
 So like worst case scenario if this video brings us an extra thousand customers
 um like it broke even which is awesome. So um
 That's really good. But the the bigger win on my side
 Well, there's a couple a couple big wins one of it is we knew that when this video went done like when it went live we needed to
 Simplify our process right the sign up process the onboarding like all sorts of stuff like that
 It's because of that. I don't know if you guys logged in click funnels recently. There's a bunch of new stuff
 There's a click funnels game. There's new onboarding
 There's these things we call show me how's there little walk-throughs that have video and written out explanation on how to do every single thing
 We set up a way to get custom domains we click a button and you get a custom domain
 We um, if I give everybody the first custom domain for free like we had to figure out all these things to simplify the onboarding process
 um, so when this new onslaught of people came they'd be prepared for it and
 So one of the biggest things is like that's something we've known we need to do for probably two years
 We just have to have the time or energy to do it and this forced us to spend that time and energy
 a lot of times we focus on stuff that's
 Urgent but not important
 Um, well this something's like super important, but it was never urgent
 We never got it done. So by doing this and like calling our shot and making this big video like it forced us to focus on the important
 That's not urgent and we became urgent for us
 And so we as a team killed ourselves as you probably saw the week prior we were here um, uh, all night last week
 Um our whole tech team and dev team design team and everyone was here just killing ourselves to get prepared for it
 And um, you know, there's a lot of valuations if we everyone in selk click funnels in the future
 One of the big things to look at is is churn rate and so we do our churn numbers are at and you know for us
 It's like if we if we could lower our churn by 2 percent like that alone would be worth
 Oh man tens if not in the future hundreds of millions of dollars
 Um, but tens like with like within the next 12 months
 And so um, that was our goal to try to lower it reduced churn by two points. So we were um, as a week ago today
 The viral video went live and so we're about a week about a week. So obviously stats aren't perfect now
 We don't know the numbers but based on like the first like hey, it's been live a week. What's what's what's trending towards?
 Um, I don't know if it's gonna hold I don't want to like tie an outcome to it yet, but based on like the first seven days
 Um our our churn in the in the window and everything has dropped by more than 2 percent
 Which is amazing
 Especially yeah, it's more than 2 percent
 So I'm hoping that over the next 30 days 60 days 90 days that sticks but if it does like that alone is worth
 more money than I could ever have dreamt of so
 Excuse me. So that's that's in fact that the thing is like right now
 I could talk less for a long time to explain it all but basically we're right now
 Um as we've grown we just passed 50,000 members last week. Um, actually a week ago yesterday
 Um 50,000 members, but as soon as we get to about 60,000 members the new members we bring in
 Uh, and people we lose each day become about the same so it gets really hard to scale past about 60,000
 Members if we drop our churn by 2 percentage points our next peak is at 100
 So almost instantly we get to about 100,000 members
 Um, so so that alone is like a big a big reason another big reason
 um why we did the viral video is
 Is unification if that's right word connection
 Try building bringing people within the culture closer together and and building that bond
 I mean we had hundreds of people throwing viral video launch parties at their homes
 We had Julia's doing
 In the launch party and invited the whole internet and she had people driving four or five hours to her house come watch it with her
 We had a whole bunch of things and like it just brought our tribe as a whole together
 We streamed live presentations for me from the harmer brothers and uh Gary Vaynerchuk last minute
 It's like I guess I stream myself to you so we streamed his and we had like 20,000 people live between youtube and facebook
 They watched this whole event go down. I think how that does for like community tribe culture building within our with our audience
 Which was amazing. So that was another big thing. It's like how does this become a bigger win for us as community
 Second is how does this how does make click fun? It's even more fun like you more we're we're a software product
 We're competing with all these boring software products. They're faceless nameless and boring
 We're now it's like we are interesting to talk about this video something people can talk about they can share they can show their friends
 Their family and people come there. It's like oh, that's kind of what click funnels does
 Give us the the ability the timeliness to rebuild our sales funnel
 Um, which was kind of typically I don't like to say here's a brand new funnel
 But we kind of had to so it gave us a chance to sit back and really kind of retweet things and
 Built things really differently. Um, you've probably seen some of it
 Um, and again, it's only weekend. So I don't know super good conversion numbers
 But as a whole conversion and EPCs and dollars in um are up dramatically
 So like doing this thing wasn't just like how many times have the video been shared? How much fire like is it actually working like?
 Um, but it's all these other pieces that um are more important to us
 That it forced us to do and so I want to put it out there. It was funny guys watching people's facebook the next day
 I think we had like 300,000 views the first day and people are like oh, this didn't go viral click
 From us burning their money and all these things. I'm just like on my side laughing. So like you guys don't get it like you're missing
 ah
 Like people see what they understand, but they're missing the rest of it
 So that's my goal to podcast always is to like let you see the magicians hands like what are we doing?
 Why are we doing it? Like why was that important? Why was I willing to gamble and risk that much money?
 Um on something that that was that big of a risk is because it was because it forced us to take the important
 And make it urgent. Um, which is most businesses don't ever do that and that's why they they die
 Kind of like you're coming my wife's business
 You just seen the video. Anyway, sorry
 Um, I bear it next to my first wife's business and my first wife
 Yeah, watch the video go to quick ones.com watch the video that the way that joke make more sense long-than-new squirrels and everything else
 Um other good things did for us internally it's um
 Um, we've always struggled to be recruited talent people know click funnels
 Um, which is the majority of our team come in but like developers and things that that's hard
 We're now it's like they see the video and it's like oh cool. That's the company. That's the culture
 That's what I want to be part of is it's helping us already a recruit talent
 And the other side, um, it's bringing customers at an incredible rate
 So prior to this launch, um, depending on the ad set and the landing page stuff like that
 First to give you a click for us member on the low end was probably $60 higher end
 You know 120 $130 to get a free trial. That's kind of in the window we played with and it goes up and down and bounces all around
 That's kind of in the window. Um, right now, um, the videos is getting, uh, new customers at under $40 a piece
 On the paid side
 But don't forget there's also the free side that's just bringing tons of free people
 So if you take the free and the paid and mooks them together, um, our costs to acquire customer right now from the videos probably
 I don't know again. This is pulling out top of my head. I say probably 15 to 20 bucks
 Um, which is insane insane most asses in our world at like 120 250 bucks
 Um, so yeah, so there's kind of cool things. Um, we also as of today we actually I check it. Um, we were almost at a million views
 so
 A million people have seen ourselves video
 And now are aware click funnels, which is crazy
 Um
 Pulling up the actual thing to see
 We were we were thinking today we made past a million views, but it's gonna be it's gonna be tight one
 I don't think we're done by now, but by tonight. Hopefully we will we will have done that
 Um
 Yeah, we are at
 927 000 views so we're getting close to a million and this thing will continue to drive leads drive traffic drive sells today
 It's more for forever. Um, we knew with launching this it wasn't going to be like a pooperary or squatty party viral this right like
 Like to explain what click phones just takes more in fact
 They were kind of stressed out first like this is the longest video we've done because it gets yeah four minutes and
 It's almost five minutes long and I was like, yeah, but it's okay because
 I don't have less people but the people who watch understand we are and then they come in and they actually become customers and they stick so
 Um, it was funny because people that it's just funny to be I see all the trolls that are in
 Uh, comment like oh like videos too long. You know, that's why it's not going viral. I'm like dude
 I don't need it to go viral like that. That was the campaign we did to unite the community get people excited so people cared when this came out
 um
 All the other things is why we did it and why it's
 Already I get paid for itself within the first like 30 hours like it's like that part was done
 And now it's like this tool is acid that's that's becoming huge for us. Okay. So that's why I want people to understand like
 Um, in case they don't because I know a lot people don't quite get all the pieces. So hopefully this um, hopefully this kind of helps
 Excuse me. Um, uh
 Sorry watching the video getting so fun. Um, all right. So
 What else what else I wasn't sure if you guys so that's some of the the core things that you can a lot of people want to ask me about it and like
 That the last one we talked about is it gave us the ability to throw a party. The why do they come on parties?
 Um because we're marketers and we should make an event out of everything
 Um, we had an inner circle last week at james malanchak who if you know james are if you google, uh secret millionaire
 He was um, he was on secret millionaire and this is like seven or eight years ago
 And remember he's no secret millionaire like most people like you're on tv. It's like hey
 I'm on tv and that's it but james really strategic about it
 And he actually threw a big party his house
 He invited me and a bunch of other people out to the house and and then did a whole launch around and he had
 um
 Uh what's his name from lifestyles the rich and famous robin leech come to it
 And he had like all he threw a big event around it
 And it made a fun for people like me to come and come to it and talk to it and share it and like and and made me become friends with james
 And connect with him and like care about him and his mission because he threw this big event around it
 That's what we did this as well as like it gave us the ability to throw it an event
 um the people whether they could come to boys you're not could watch it stream you live and see me and see gary and see all these people just
 um
 so many cool so many cool
 Again try building culture building things that came from it. So um
 Anyway, throw an event like I tell people if you're like launching facebook ad like
 Like throwing a vent around it like if it's gonna be good like, um, you know, invite 10 other influencers for kemri
 House launch the event together launch the ad set together whatever it is and like make a party out of it
 And how it's like they have vested interest in your success. They're gonna watch they're gonna talk
 You know all those amazing things kind of come from it. So
 Every my office is out clapping. We got some weird
 People over there anyway, sorry. I hope everyone was happening out there. So
 Anyway, so
 I hope that helps you guys because everyone keeps asking like what happened has been good for you and I just want to kind of give you a recap
 It's been freaking amazing for us. Um, again, it forced it forced the important to become urgent
 Um, it's reduced our churn. It's increased our
 It's dropped our costs to acquire a customer increase our conversions increase our average car itself
 Um
 So many good things to come from it built some amazing relationships
 Um, people who would never know what click funnels were sat in the room for five hours with us and played the bubble soccer with us
 We wanted to get us book a world record
 Playing bubble soccer. We built connection community
 Relationships like so many good things came from this thing
 Um, and it's it's been amazing. So yes, it was good financially as well as all the other things
 And it keeps continuing to grow. I don't know how many software companies have a sales video that has been seen a million times in the first seven days
 That's rare. Um
 And it was a sales video that pitched the product really really hard. So, you know, I mean like sometimes they have these ones are like fancy
 Because like, uh, like I don't know if you were a grasshopper. They had a really cool viral video about mean entrepreneurs
 Big entrepreneurial thing the real asking is like grasshopper and that that was it and like yeah
 That did that but didn't sell the product like I was like, what's grasshopper? I did a grasshopper.com like oh, it's like phone systems for entrepreneur
 No that this one is like a million people watched it
 And it's pitching our product. You know, I mean like um, we have 5397 shares 19 000
 Uh emojis tell me comments
 anyway
 Uh, 1,870 comments like it's all good from a lot of an angle
 So I hope they helped hope they give you this some some some visibility on what we did and why we did it
 Um, you know one of the bigger is why we do launches much as I hate them and the stress it goes into them is like dana forces
 Important to become urgent. So I I recommend for you to look at like what is the what are the important things you have?
 You need to do the right. I know I need to do that and how do you make it?
 Urgent like how do you tie a launch or something or like an event or something that forces the important?
 You know, you need to do to become urgent
 You know for us it's like the urgent was always launching new funnel launching the thing like driving more sell those things were urgent
 So we're always doing them, but it was like
 If I can if I can reduce churn by 2 percentage points, that's worth
 More than you know 10,000 new customers to me
 So it's like but I never did it because it wasn't urgent wasn't like in front of my face all the time, right?
 So since I made the important become urgent through this process it became urgent and it's been huge since then so
 There you guys go. It's been seven days. I said I'll probably do the recap here in 30 days or so and kind of keep giving you more stats
 They get clear numbers on things. I said I'm an inner circled last four days. So it saves my first day back
 Um and half the team's gone. So I I'll get deeper than the numbers and stuff and share more as we keep going on
 But hope it helps appreciate you all thanks again for watching the video if you haven't watched it go watch
 Go share it go comment go like have some fun
 Um because that's what we do and tomorrow by telling us what listen this is be a quick funnels third birthday
 Yes, we've only been in business three years. We passed 50,000 members
 Um, we changed the world. Thanks to you guys. So thank you for everything. Uh, hope this helped
 Appreciate you guys and we'll talk soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
