 What's up, everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson, and welcome to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world, and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson, and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right, so I'm talking to quiet.
 It's like one in the morning, and I am literally in my closet right now getting packed for a
 trip right now on tomorrow.
 My wife is asleep in the room.
 We've got sick kids.
 It's kind of a weird trip to be going on, but really excited to get away for a couple
 days, go into a wedding for something we care about, and it's going to be a lot of fun.
 So anyway, but I wanted to return and report back on just our awesome, our awesome, cool
 week.
 So I talked before about some of this new project management stuff we're doing in the
 Batman meetings and all sorts of stuff, and it's been fun to last probably three or four
 weeks, we've been getting all the pieces in place and launching the little Batman meetings.
 You need stuff happening, but this week was the first fun when we were trying to get live,
 and so it was a different process because the goal was to try to pull me out as much
 as possible.
 And so we've been recruiting people.
 In fact, a couple of you joined our team and putting it out Facebook lives into our Facebook
 group and getting, recruiting some amazing, amazing talent to start working with us and
 getting these funnels launched.
 And so, it's been really, really cool.
 So first part is we had James Frill.
 James P. Frill came in and we fired him for six months to come into our office to help
 us get this working and consistent and just keep iterating on it and making it a perfect
 so he's got the whole Trello systemized, right?
 And it's evolving and tweaking.
 So that was the first step in the process and was getting everybody on board and getting
 everybody focusing on their unique abilities and nothing else, which has been a really
 fun process.
 And so that's kind of the next phase.
 And then, like I said, to get projects kicked off, we did these Batman meetings.
 I did a podcast episode three or four back.
 I kind of talked about it that worked really, really cool.
 So we've been doing those.
 And this week, it was like, "Hey, this is a funnel we're getting live."
 It was the new Expert Secrets book funnel with some updates that we needed to make and some
 stuff like that.
 Plus a tweak that I've kind of been teasing you guys about a little bit, which is the
 new Thank You page webinar concept.
 There's awesome and cool things I wish I could share with you, but I'll share more
 after the tests are done.
 And I'll be sharing a lot of fun hockey live as well.
 But anyway, if we get it done and this week we're working on it.
 And one thing is tough is that two thirds of our team right now are remote.
 They're not hearing boys that are working on this funnel.
 So we're like, "We can't Trello and through Slack."
 It was just like, "Ah, I miss that feeling of being in the office."
 So one thing we started doing is we opened up a Zoom room and just told everyone that
 they'd jump in here and then meet yourself.
 But you can work.
 They just work in here.
 And if you have questions, just unmute yourself and ask.
 And whoever can jump on.
 And so we had, I don't know, eight or ten of us in this Zoom room for the last three or
 four days, which was super cool.
 So we just haven't muted and some of the questions they unmute themselves.
 "Hey, Russell, what do you think about this?"
 Or check this out or whatever it was.
 And it was just kind of like we were in the same office together.
 And it was cool for so many reasons.
 But one is just, especially with the remote workforce, it made everybody feel way more
 connected.
 And it gave us the ability to really move through things very, very, very rapidly, which was
 insanely cool.
 We got so much stuff done.
 And the weirdest things, we got to the launch phase where everything's getting done.
 And I had this weird feeling we're normal.
 I'm in the middle of it, pushing and pushing.
 Because of the way the system is in place, I wasn't involved hardly at all.
 And I told James until I went in our office, I just feel like I'm doing anything, which
 is actually a good thing.
 That's the goal of this whole thing, right?
 To pull me out of it because I've been so deep into everything.
 You know, prior to this, I've been focused on the email copy and the videos and the
 funnel structure.
 And I just did a lot.
 And now we've got this team of rock stars who are all taking over different pieces of
 it.
 It's really, really cool.
 So today we launched the funnel.
 So the extra secrets book Funnels Live, you probably got to tell by looking at the outside.
 If you buy the book, you'll see the process and you'll see some of the new stuff, which
 is awesome so far.
 Our average cart value in the last 12 hours is up $8 from what it used to be, which is
 huge.
 Really good.
 So that's exciting.
 And then that's not counting the Yankee Page of Webinar, which I think will increase the
 average cart value by, who knows, a lot.
 We'll find out.
 I just think there's your U of Stets.
 But that's really cool.
 So the end of it, I mean, this really cool post, I would call it a post-mortem meeting,
 which is basically everyone in the group went around, "Okay, what worked really good for
 you?"
 And then what thing's struggled in this process?
 It was cool watching James and building systems.
 They take notes and they're like, "Okay, this was awesome, but this park got stuck."
 So we lost a minimum here.
 That's far, didn't work as good.
 And he's updating the Trello cards and the checklist and the systems based on all those
 kinds of things.
 And it's cool.
 The next week, we pick the next funnels.
 The next week, we're the same thing.
 And we start Monday, we launch on Thursday, post-mortem on Friday, and then we start over
 again the next week.
 So our goal is right now, we're trying to roll out a new friend and funnel every single
 week in this team.
 And it's pretty exciting.
 Anyway, I'll report more back to you as I want to share with you because I'm getting
 excited just because we're systemizing this.
 Like I said, for us so far, it's always been, I don't know, it's like the same thing every
 time, but we focus so much more on the art of it.
 It's like we recreate it from scratch every single time.
 And this time we're trying to figure out the process we do every single time.
 There's still be room for the art, which is changing things, tweaking things, calling
 audibles at the last minute and changing stuff.
 But most of it are having a systematic thing for each funnel.
 It's kind of being pumped out.
 So it's fun, it's exciting.
 I'm really, really enjoying the process.
 So I'll keep sharing more with you guys.
 And who knows, I'll probably funnel like you guys are sharing a lot of this part, like
 the Trello process, how it ties into the funnel building and the traffic.
 It's exciting.
 I don't have a camera, I actually told you guys where you, you know, depending when you're
 jumping in and listening to this, but we basically took part of our company and it broke it
 apart and became, it started like an advertising agency where ClickFunnels is the only client
 of this agency.
 And so there's two half of it.
 There's the funnel building team and then there's the traffic team.
 And so that's the other cool thing is now that the funnel building team got us a little
 bit in line and I passed it off and then the traffic team is not taking this and there's
 this whole process that goes on the backside with the traffic team.
 That's the next fun piece that we'll be figuring out and building out.
 Oh, so exciting.
 So anyway, I'm excited.
 I said we've obviously done a lot of stuff in the last few years, but now we're building
 the processes and the people and all the things in place.
 It's going to be cool to continue to watch this thing grow.
 So anyway, I'll keep sharing with you guys.
 I just wanted to share a big one with you guys because it was really fun and exciting
 and it was a good day, good week.
 So alright guys, that's all I got.
 I'm going to go to bed.
 I'll finish back in the morning.
 I always procrastinate until the last possible second.
 So alright, thanks everybody and practice soon.
 Bye.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow
 our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 (upbeat music)
