 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marking seekers podcast today. I'm on my one will
 Drive into the office. Hopefully the wind's not too loud. I'll try to talk loud
 But forgive me if there's any sound noise
 But it takes longer to drive on the one will so maybe we get a longer episode today
 I got some cool things. I'm excited by things. I want to share with you guys
 Yep, there's a car driving by if you have been a long time listener
 You know that when I first launched this podcast it's called the marketing in your car podcast. We call today
 the
 Marketing on your one will that says keep things on be right back
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody well hopefully you can hear me the wind hits every once in a while and I'm doing my best so
 Anyway, so today's episode what I want to talk about is something fun that I'm getting out on right now
 So there's a principle there's a concept that we've taught over the last man 10 long in that long long time
 Called the bridge funnel and a bridge funnel is basically when you're trying to bridge the gap between like what?
 But somebody wants what somebody needs right? So for example like everybody in my world needs clickfunnels, right?
 Hardening hardening something hard to sell clickfunnels because I go why don't you software?
 What's a funnel? I don't even know right so I have to find like what's something that they want that I can give them right away
 And then by doing that I can then bridge them over to what they actually need
 Well some guy to survive in an original Hummer. Sorry. That was really cool. All right
 So that's what a bridge is right trying to draw a bridge between these two different things and so
 I used to share the example to kind of explain this back in the day
 back when we were doing more business opportunity stuff that I
 Talked about like if you would go to let's see if the food court at the mall, right?
 And at the food court there's you know all these people are eating this is pre-COVID
 So there's tons of people eating tons of noise and if I stood up on a chair in the food court and I yelled said
 Hey everybody look over here and they'll go to me and like hey who here wants a funnel to grow your business?
 Like of everybody in the food court what percentage of people would raise their hand and the reality is probably
 Very very few right?
 Probably nobody but if I was to stand up on the thing and say hey
 Who here wants to learn how to make money on the internet right like two-thirds of the of the room and raise their hand
 And I can say okay cool come over here
 And then I could pull people so I didn't say okay the way we make money that we make money on the internet is
 Through this thing called a funnel and I'm like who here wants funnel now now
 I can obviously you know now I can sell them the thing that they actually need and so that's the concept of a bridge is you're taking
 This thing that they need that they may not understand yet and you're bridging them through something that they do understand right?
 And so for a long time we used to do bridge funnels a lot
 But you know over the last few years has we've grown click funnels
 We've done a good job of building a brand and making the you know popular rising
 I said word pop you making popular the concept of funnels
 And so it's not like I have to go and convince people funnel because most people in
 You know my retargeting circles that we that we target on the internet at this point kind of know what it is
 And there's a million other people all teaching and talking about funnels
 So it's been really good for us right more in the ways more people talk about funnels the better better we do
 But we're always trying to
 Go beyond the boundaries and try to figure out the next step of the next the next level right and how do we how do you acquire?
 How do we get more more people?
 And so recently we started combing back through all of our data and click funnels
 We've got like a hundred different front end offers and so we got a lot of data
 And it's hard to go through it all but we now have a business intelligence team who literally goes through and just looks at all
 Our data and finds numbers and patterns and things like that for us
 And one of the interesting things that we found that recently was fascinating is that of all the front end offers we have and this is like book funnels
 opt-in funnels webinar funnels all the things like the
 The funnels where the person is most likely to join click funnels become a click funnels customer
 And the first 30 days is actually to run our ebook funnels, which is crazy
 So like the marketing seekers black book and the funnel cookbook
 So they if they opt in those things download the PDF that we give them
 They're most likely to become a click funnels member next 30 days, which is crazy
 Especially since those are two funnels I built like four or five years ago and we haven't touched them or looked at them or
 done it with him sense, you know like they're literally just like
 Like I forgot about my rosary driving traffic to him and so I was like well crap
 We should look at these again
 So we looked at him again like how do we optimize these and how do we make something truly amazing?
 And so I started looking it was interesting because people opted for them for the black box
 And we never talked about click funnels on the incubation talk about click funnels. It's like
 Sorry more cars coming. Maybe I shouldn't do marketing in the one will
 Anyway, so the more start looking funnel
 So like it's insane that they they somehow bridge that gap and they and they find the people because I'm not I'm not
 Rishing that gap for them right there these random funnels we built years ago and forgot about and they're out there
 And so I said okay, we should bring things back
 But let's strategically figure like how do we get some in our who's gonna go through his funnel and then how to get you know
 If they if they give down with the book how do we bridge them now over into click funnels right?
 And so that's kind of the next thing we we started looking at so we're going back through all of our
 webinar funnels and just especially since the last couple months when you've had all the issues with Apple and
 Facebook fighting and cookies and just all the things right all right cost is about up
 So we're looking like right now it's costing it's a new from a 20 25 bucks for a
 webinar register, which is crazy, but our opt-ins are still lower like you know three to five bucks a registry and so
 Anyway last yesterday. I built out for these yesterday with Nick on my team
 I had so much fun doing it
 But the funnels these bridge funnels are very very simple basically come to page
 It's like hey get this free book opt in right here
 So they opt in for the free book and on the incubator like sweet
 There's a video me saying sweet. I just emailed you this first first gift
 It's coming to you I
 Promise you guys the value of this episode's worth all the noise
 Anyway, so I said the first gifts coming to us in your inbox go check it out there
 So notice I didn't give them the down link on thank you page because on the incubator
 I needed them to do something more important which is register for the webinar and so they can page like
 So the first gifts in your inbox the second gift is actually more important
 It's web class and putting on called funnel hacking secrets where we're gonna show you guys how to actually
 Use the stuff we're talking about in the book the e-book that you're getting
 It's gonna be awesome, right? So go register down below and the whole page is structured in a way to get them to register for
 The web class is coming up by the way
 We tested web class webinar master class and like a dozen different variations a web class crushed all other versions of that phrase
 so start calling webinars web classes and
 Will help conversion so there's not a little little marketing secret for you. So anyway, that's what we've been building
 These little bridge funnels and again, they have not gone like this
 I don't know these access, but if they stay true
 We average five bucks a lead to give the way an e-book, right? Which?
 Which you know, that's it is what it is
 But if we get one out of five people hit thank you page 20% conversion and incubates register for the webinar
 We're actually getting the webinar leads for the same cost as we were paying before right because
 20% five people that's 20 bucks, I'm probably math run, but you're $20.00 a year per
 $25 per webinar or register but the thing is different is that when we pay 25 bucks webinar register
 We're getting one lead right here getting five leads. We're giving them value up front
 They're getting an ebook they're getting a gift. They're opening the email. They're downloading the thing
 So like it's increasing our open rates our click-through rates are which will get more email delivered for all of our lists across the board
 Right they're getting value in advance. They get this really cool ebook that I go my gosh
 This is amazing. Look at this cool thing the Russell just gave me then the registered webinar
 My thoughts I'm not sure yet, but position webinar also as bonus gift as opposed to like hey registered for webinar
 I think we'll get more people to show up and actually consume it. We'll find out
 And now it's bridging them over into into the funnel world. So anyway, we built four of these yesterday
 The ads will be starting next day or so. I'll return the report back and let you guys know how they're doing
 I have two more that came up with last night
 I'm like literally if this works any piece of content I've ever created from the beginning time till now
 I could I could use and I could put into these little bridge model things right like opt in to get my presentation
 Fun I can live the opt in cool. I just emailed it to you
 That's gift number one gift number two though gift number two is this webclashing
 You go register for right now, and then they register down below and boom now they're in the the webinar funnel, right?
 And so anyway, I'm just freaking out excited and it was so simple
 But something I've kind of forgotten about and it's coming back to these these ebook bridge funnels
 These content bridge funnels are these one-pager bridge funnels. I'm gonna do a test today
 We're gonna build one out for a one-pager. We'll say hey opt in here to get the one pager on
 How to you know my top webinar hacks they opt in boom a the one pagers in your email. I go check it out
 And then second gift is the web class right and just keep this this process happening over and over and over and over again
 So anyway, I'm hoping that it does because I think it will I think it will
 I'm gonna have six of these rolling out in the next seven days
 So if you follow my ads and hopefully you do you'll see them and I recommend going through the process funnel hacking it
 Watching slowly there's simple two-page funnels that leads to our webinar
 And then the email sequence pushes people click funnels as well as
 the webinar so
 Anyway, highly recommend watching it. I'll read our report back on how it does
 but I think it's gonna open up a whole new world of
 customers and buyers and just
 Exciting things for us. So I'm excited for it. I appreciate it for you guys listening. Hope you all are doing amazing and
 We'll talk to you soon. All right. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick. I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay. Now the phone over in your text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that
 Through this texting communities where I'm gonna be giving out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code
 208-231-3797 one more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
