 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome to a special edition
 Road trip version edition right we want to call it the marketing secrets podcast to feel like we're going to old school for
 A long time friends and followers. It's like a marketing your car
 But we've had a long drive ahead and now we're looking guys to the podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, all right everybody
 So I just started a super long road trip and to Burleigh Idaho
 It is my wife's grandma's 100th birthday
 And so we're heading down to the big birthday party crazy 100 years old which is really fun
 and
 My wife and kids actually left a day and a half ago adding some stuff done
 I'm heading down to the big party and
 basically I have like a two-hour road trip and
 Head of doors all excited and I totally unprepared I forgot my camera to record podcast
 I forgot my little hit earbuds. I forgot my sunglasses. Oh
 Well, what can you do? I got my battery charger for my phone? Oh?
 Well, I'm so excited so heading down and I got some time to talk to you guys. I want to share some cool things
 First up one thing we were working on is as you probably heard
 We're about to launch our viral video with the Harmon brothers and the guys who did squatty potty and pooperine all the other
 the other awesome things and
 What's funny if everyone's asked like oh, I want to hire them to use their stuff so awesome like how much does it cost?
 And I think people think the quotes can be like 10 or 15 grand or something
 But it's actually it's half a million dollars to hire them to do a three minute video
 It's not cheap
 so we paid a lot of money to get this video created and then
 And that's like that most people they do a video and then they launch it and it kind of just
 Your hope it goes well sometimes it really does
 I'm like if we're to launch that one's much like ooh behind it is it's humanly possible. So I was like we need to do a launch party
 so
 That was kind of the first thought and I was like well
 How do we do the launch party? I'm like out of here done one before but it's got to be just kind of a regular party
 And I was like well, maybe we should get like some cool speakers get some cool influencers and affiliates out here
 So I could be fun to have and it's like okay, we're gonna check people
 He's not speaking for hockey live, but he'd be a really cool friend fit for this
 For this event so call them up. He said yes with pain about a hundred grand
 He had become a Boise just being there like where I'm Boise is that cool enough to actually host a pet like this
 I've got a lot of cool hotels
 so
 The Boise football state and there's a big like the skybox there
 It's kind of cool holds like three or four hundred people so I could do this around the skybox and they were like
 Who's who we gonna invite like should we invite?
 Thank you make this really really cool. I think it was
 Alex Sharfen told me this might not have been him
 I think it was basically the entrepreneurs that they like to
 To create events out of everything
 To make it memorable for them and for everybody else. So I was like we make a big event
 and so
 And so anyway, it just keeps getting bigger and bigger
 So they're like we better invite our affiliates
 I'll be kind of fun
 We will buy a bunch of them like who else can we buy the can share this video?
 So we're like well, we could buy people that aren't necessarily like our feelings like it's another influencer
 So if they share the video with which are madly boosted so
 When kids will see that so we sense event I was gonna speak our brothers are gonna speak Gary's gonna speak and then
 Start reaching out the influencers. They're like we don't really care about people speaking like we want a party like
 It's gonna be kind of a fun party
 We're all fun people and I know we need a real party
 So like how do we throw a real party? So and we started this kind of brainstorming and what came out of the brainstorm was
 what if we
 rented out the actual football stadium
 And then we played it and then we like try to play bubble soccer and like that'd be kind of fun
 Like what if we said it's playing bubble soccer?
 What if they tried to play the biggest game bubble soccer ever and I was like what if we had the games
 My goal records come in anyway, so I was kind of an additional crazy thought and then Dave was like
 Yeah, I'm gonna figure how to make this work. So Dave spent the next two weeks on the phone and get us for girls records
 Then getting Boise State letters coming in on the licensing fees and like it's been this insane project
 So we got all that done. They're like we're having any influencers. We've got more. We're in this thing like a lot of money
 We have no influence to actually coming so then I was like, okay, I gotta go old school and
 Do what I practice what I preach and so the last two days I sat in this car. I recorded like almost 200
 Videos personalized videos for all these influencers
 Lot of work
 We made a page is 200 pages for 200 affiliates or influencers and now on Monday
 We're the process of contacting all of them inviting this huge party
 Anyway, it's been crazy and none of them may come hopefully they will but it's gonna be regardless of a fun party
 We're gonna set a guest book world record. We're gonna launch my old video and that's one of the many things that we're doing
 We also have 12 events in the next 43
 Days happening in Boise what I'm just got done. So an action on the 11 Monday
 We've been designed upon where we got 30 designers coming out. We're busting out hormones of new templates for the new marketplace and it's launching
 During the during the new onboarding everything is going live click funnels when the viral video hits in about a billion other things
 It's crazy. They connect 45 days. It'll probably be the most stressful craziness in my life
 But if we pull it off it's gonna be nuts. I keep saying that I did the same thing with the book launch
 I think there's something about me. I think something's wrong the wiring in my head
 We're like I always think that like after this then life will get normal again, but then I just keep stacking things on
 I think part of it's just like momentum
 It's hard to get momentum for a lot of people when you have momentum like you don't want to slow down
 You just want to keep riding the way right?
 And so like I feel like I'm like 14 minutes in my 15 minutes of fame and I'm joining the ride
 I don't want to slow down so like we just keep rolling stuff out
 We're watching a new book the funnel hacker cookbook this month
 This is crazy anyway
 Yeah, if you guys can see what's actually happened and scenes on the queue actually believe it
 Funnel hacker TV we started filming that because I want to show people but I still just a glimpse like it doesn't
 Actually happen
 It's nuts, but yeah, all right. So for you guys. I want to share
 something a lot about this
 last night as I was working super late and
 And I was like why am I here? It's been two nights in a row. I've been here till 2 30 in the morning and I'm loving it like I
 Outside of I hang out my kids. There's like nothing else. I would rather do than that and I'm like
 How do I get people to whether this passionate about what they do and their business?
 And they're selling it and I didn't podcast a little while ago talking about like the number one trade
 I found between launch fairs who are successful and those who aren't and
 The biggest trait is the the ones who are super successful. They're the ones who are extremely passionate
 Not just about their product but about the marketing of their product and they're there they start geeking out on the marketing
 That's the key those who those who obsessed with the marketing are the ones who have the most success
 Which is why like for me? It's been a big deal like strap wrote the dot-com secrets book and the expert secrets book
 Why do the events and all the stuff I do?
 Because my flight my goal is to get you guys I want to make marketing and sales fun
 like if this is something that you guys if I can make this like the entertainment
 To like study and learning geek out on the marketing that I've looked that's been my mission on this earth
 Because when I was learning the stuff like it was exciting for me
 But like honestly it was kind of boring like the people teaching and talking about marketing. Oh
 they were boring and
 And I had a way through a lot of boring crap
 And now I might try to make it exciting and I'm trying to bring my raw passion to you guys
 I hope and I hope I'm doing my job. I'm doing my best
 Because if you get pumped up and fired up about the marketing of your thing
 Then that's how you get the ability to make money to free yourself
 and give you the ability to not just make the money but now to impact more people and serve more people and
 And that's the goal and so I'm thinking like outside of me just
 Every day trying to keep you guys pumped and excited and fired up about how much fun the marketing of
 Your thing can be I was like I was thinking about the last night like how do I
 How do I just take that part of my brain out and shove it into your brain so you're fired up?
 I start thinking about it and I was like I think that the key
 For someone to be truly passionate about the marketing and the selling of their thing
 They first have to be truly passionate about their thing
 Because you think about that like I talked about a little bit in the expert singers book like initially like you don't wake up when oh
 I think I did but most people though
 And maybe that was my gift or whatever but but most people wake up excited like I'm gonna learn how to do marketing
 Like it's not the thing that pumps people up, but there's something else that happens right like there's something that you got excited about in your life
 It could be a book you ready to be audio could be video could be
 Just a weird
 Thing like I don't know whatever it is that your thing is right you hate each and everywhere else we have our thing right here
 Thing is something so your thing they got you pumped up whatever that was
 I want you to think about that because that's the key that unlocks everything the first you get excited about that thing because it's
 Exciting to you right and you go through this this this time of growth
 And so you start studying and you learn and you geek out and you start growing and growing and growing and growing and
 At first it's it's honestly it's kind of a selfish thing and there's nothing wrong with that like
 What's what's the dude from Wall Street saying greed is good like initially it is I
 Think not long term short term greed is good right like greed is what gets you?
 To like unbalance your life in in a way initially not long term initially you have to unbalance your life
 To focus on a thing. They have greatness come right like when I met my beautiful wife
 And I wanted to fall in love with her for me to be successful in that I had to be greedy
 I like I had to shift all my time and all the other stuff I was doing and other people and other things like I had to
 Unbalance my life to focus everything on that relationship so that we can fall in love and
 And get married right same thing happened with business and they happen with wrestling like when I start wrestling
 I had to be greedy about that thing I had to get so unbalanced in every other thing in my life and just focus on that thing
 Because that's what it takes to be great at anything right that raw passion
 So first the greed of like that thing if you desiring that thing is what initially starts right?
 So me as was weight loss because bio hacking someone's
 finance of you guys was
 History I mean doesn't matter. Whatever it is you geek out about right?
 And so the greed of the excitement that you feel initially for that thing is what makes us you can completely
 Unbalance your life and absorb and go into that thing right and that's that's the first key
 Because to be an expert to be able to share your message like all those things we talk about
 You actually care about the marketing of your think you've got to be
 Ridiculously passionate about the thing first otherwise you're not gonna wait into this territory
 And you're gonna go through all the pain of being an entrepreneur and getting that thing out into the world because
 Because I know that a lot of us paint this beautiful picture onto when you're shit and it is
 Eventually, but initially it's not initially it sucks initially you have to go through so much
 It's like giving birth right like like my wife has given birth
 Five kids four times one time was twins right so like giving birth is not pleasurable
 Like the initial like the thought of it
 It creates the baby like that's pleasurable. It's like your business the thought of it is like all this is exciting
 Like the real your romantic about the thought of this thing you want to create. Sorry my Jeep is super loud when I go to overdrive
 Anyway, like that's pleasurable like we all enjoy that like like I enjoyed what it took to get my wife pregnant
 That's awesome. I enjoyed what it took to create the seed of click funnels in the business, right?
 I think that part's fun and then there's after the romantic side happens then it's like
 For for pregnancy, there's nine months of like pain right for the woman like my wife
 I watched her go through this four times. She gained weight. She felt horrible. She felt sick. She was throwing up like
 Business the same way like after you go through the the romantic part now
 It's like painful like you have to work hard
 You can't sleep and you have to like deprive yourself of friends and family and like and life and
 like all the pleasures in life
 To birth this thing that you have and most people give up during the during the burning process because it sucks with a baby
 I know you know option like the babies come and whether you want it to or not
 But the the burning of a business and the being entrepreneur like it's so painful
 Most people don't make it through it. They always say like whatever one out of like a hundred businesses succeed
 But the reality is like one out of a million businesses never to get to fruition because the idea is planted
 But the burning of the thing
 never happens
 Because it's so painful and so like if you're not
 obsessively insanely passionate about your thing
 I gotta I gotta break it to you. It's gonna be hard to burn it
 Because those hard times come and it sucks
 So I think that not only do you have to be
 Compassion about the marketing sign up. I'm trying to make that part fun. So the burning process is actually fun, right?
 But maybe I'm like the equivalent of like the hypno-burdling class
 I got we my wife. I didn't hit no birdling for the last kids, which was actually really cool
 Sweeted classes and like they try to make it really really fun. So maybe that I'm like the hypno-burdling coach
 I'm trying to make this process of birth fun for you
 Even though you know it's still gonna suck, but maybe you can like have a good time along the way, right?
 What you should have been is really fun
 But I was like if you're gonna go through that birth process like you have to be so excited about the baby
 That's I think that's the key
 Right like my wife and I were so excited for the twins were so excited for the other kids
 And that's why I choose glitching to or that that pain because we're so passionate and excited about
 About the kids and so for you it starts with I
 Think that before you can be an entrepreneur before you convert this thing you have to be insanely passionate about your thing
 Okay, and then people tell you otherwise like oh no, it's math. It's like I don't know
 I think you can you can make money not without passion, but you can't you can't leave a legacy
 You can't do what's really important without it kept so my next my next phase of this
 I really have a long road trip you guys hoping to find
 But the next phase of this is then they go. Okay. Well, how do you become passionate about this thing, right?
 Like Russell I see you jumping around screaming excited all the every single day about I wake up in the morning
 I'm tired I wake up in the morning and like I don't I don't always feel that passion
 and I get that I don't want to
 Want to share some stuff. This is maybe like this is personal development according to Russell
 I got on teach personal development and probably never will
 But I have my thoughts on I have my feelings and so I do a lot of it myself
 so I'm gonna give you
 during our fun road trip together just one of my thoughts and and the personal development stuff that I had to go through and
 We have to go through and hopefully some of these things about Kevin. All right, so number one
 The first thing is all the guys
 You got a quick being so
 That's the official term for it, but all right
 My daughter spits on this little monster mask so cute and then she'll be like that's what most people are
 You guys most of you guys are doing like I shake we work on your egg
 like
 Yeah, you gotta be excited if you listen to podcasts man like quite 300 episodes ago
 I did I didn't want talking about being awesome
 People always ask you how you doing there goes. All right, I'm you're okay. Okay first of it
 You're okay means your life sucks. Okay, you need to stop it. I'm doing okay. Okay my kids
 I told them I'm like when somebody asked you how you're doing. You never say I'm doing okay. I'm doing good
 Like good is the enemy to great. Okay, so if you're doing good, that's not a good thing
 Okay, if you're gonna change the world you can't be good. It's all right
 Okay, notice this everybody will ask how you're doing and you'll always say doing good
 Okay first thing to change you are no longer doing good. You are doing awesome all the time my kids if you ask them
 How you doing awesome? You ask me how you doing awesome?
 Like you need to read your program your brain from doing like I'm doing all right
 It's being awesome. Okay, like when people ask you that now on
 This is rule number one. You have to say you're doing awesome
 Okay, it may seem like a dumb thing
 But you will see how change people around you say how you doing like doing awesome. They're like really huh?
 Nobody ever says that okay, you're saying you're doing good like
 You just did that man. Okay. You did you pulled an Ellie on a monster Ellie on you at least my daughter does that man
 Okay, so no more buzz you're doing awesome
 Okay, and if you don't feel awesome guess what the first steps are feeling awesome is saying that you're feeling awesome
 Okay, okay, that's number one number two stay control
 All right, if you ever go to Tony Robbins event, which you should if you don't you're insane
 I'm not allowed to say yet, but he may or may not be hanging out with us here at our next one
 I can live them in
 But regardless you should go to at least you Pw you can walk on fire and hopefully the chance to update with destiny as well
 If you if you really want to have a shift in your life
 Tony is the person they'll take you and shipped you that's why I don't teach personal development because Tony is the best in the world and I couldn't I
 Couldn't do better
 You've been remotely close so I'm not even gonna try if if I felt like I
 Could I probably would go and try to start that market, but Tony's the best so I'm not going to so
 I leave it to Tony and also Brendan Richard Brendan's a man. I anyway Tony Brendan those dudes will shift your
 Self-person level wise so go and study them but Tony especially
 Because walking on fires that's safely cool
 But one of the main things you learn to date with destiny is thing called state control
 So state is the thing that you are in it as you are doing something right?
 Sometimes you're in a happy state happy state, right?
 And most of us we live our lives in a bit state, right?
 And you have to learn how to change your state like this okay the coolest thing I learned from Tony was that I actually
 control the state that I'm in and
 I don't think most people understand that you control the state you're in you can change it you can be depressed
 You can be happy and you can change it that fast
 And when I learned that and I became aware of it
 It was insanely cool. I would I would have a long horrible day at the office
 I mean beat up a tired one out I come home and as most people do I could walk through the door and be like
 Be a bledad
 But I was like no, I don't want to be a bledad
 So walk in tired beat up angry sometimes frustrated like all the crappy goes there sometimes during the day
 I get to the door and I say I keep walking to be a bledad or I can change my state
 So I'm like what am I to do? I'm gonna freakin change my state and so I do what Tony Robbins talks about
 There's three things to go to the triad I make these three shifts my in my in my life my physiology my focus my meaning
 I shift those things and boom that fast I walk in and guess what?
 I'm not a bledad I'm a frickin awesome dad
 And I fun with my kids and I play with my kids and they're gonna remember that okay
 We're walking the office some days. I haven't slept more than an hour. I walk into the office
 I guess what I feel like I think I want to die sometimes. I'm so tired
 I walk in I keep like that right but guess after I walk in and I walk in and at state and I'm like
 Guess happens to all the people around me
 They will match my state because I'm the leader and I'm walking and I'm glad they will all become black right?
 And this is the official term by the way now is blood so if I walk in and blah
 They're all gonna be blah if I walk in and I'm at a frickin 10
 They are all gonna rise to my level to my state okay state controls huge
 You can't control your own state
 But the other cool thing is that you can control a state of the people that are around you people always come from our office
 And they're like is it always like this the answer is yes
 Why is it like this because I'm freaking setting the pace when I walk into the in the day
 I walk in knowing that the pace that I said is what's gonna everyone's gonna match me at that pace if I come in blood
 They're gonna be blood okay. I work
 with other companies and partners and friends and people and and what's interesting is like we will work with employees of a business owner and
 Whatever the the state of the business owner is and you know that by seeing their videos and their all their stuff
 The entire company matches that state is insane
 And so if I want to dominate the world I gotta learn to change my state so understanding state control
 It is huge and it's so much more simple than you think okay Tony Robbins talked about
 the
 Well
 Go to UPW so anyway
 There's there's three things calls to try out right so three things that involve the state control
 And I'll kind of go through these I'm probably gonna slaughter him so go study Tony worst case go
 Go to YouTube and type in Tony Robbins state control or something
 I'm sure you get some videos of teaching as well, but the triads the first thing there's three things you got changed right
 The first thing is your physiology is your body this amazing gift. They got has given us
 Functions and drives everything right you've noticed to press people they look depressed
 Right sad people what I do it looks sad their body their body matches and mirrors how they feel
 Okay, so a lot of things I'm sad. It's my body's like this my shoulder drooping this one there
 Okay, sometimes the read make because your body's drooping. That's why you're sad
 I just changing your physiology changing your state changing like how you you hold your body will actually change how you feel
 It's insane. I've talked about that there was a group of people who were clinically depressed not just on depressed
 I'm sad clinically depressed. They were in a clinic
 They were in rehab because they had such bad depression. They took this group of like 50 clinically depressed people and they took them off all their
 Depression medication which all medication really doesn't change your state
 Take your physiology honestly clock by in a minute
 But it takes them takes them off of
 It took some off all their meds and makes them stand up from a mirror for 30 minutes a day with your shoulders back smiling
 Even if it's like a fake smile or you're eating like
 But make some smile for 30 minutes, right? And guess what happened?
 Just by changing their physiology and force themselves to smile for 30 days
 Every one of the people who had clinical depression
 Were healed they were miraculously saved from their depression. Okay
 now there are times when and I have friends that members that deal with depression, so I'm not I'm not
 Not short-changing that but I promise you that by shifting your physiology you can shift
 Every everything that gets huge like I've seen I've seen people who are depressed who shift their state shift their body and they and they get
 Underpray gets it's crazy. Okay?
 So if I want to be in a happy mood
 If I want to be in a good state for my kids my wife my whatever it everyone to a meeting if I'm going to whatever like
 the state and how I hold my body has a
 Ton to do I would say 50% of how I enter a room has to deal with the outcome of what's going to happen
 And that's not scientifically proven. That's just what I'm guesstimating based on how I what happened
 So that's a big thing so figure that out. How do you control your body?
 Okay, look at what depressed people look like and if you if you hold your body in a way that depressed people hold the body
 You're gonna be depressed
 Hold your body way sad people hold it. You're gonna be sad and you hold it in a way to happy people you're gonna be happy
 Okay, look at me right now. Do I like happy? Oh
 like
 The reason why I'm doing this if you watch philosophy like why is Russell so excited because when I'm in excited mood I
 Feel better. I get more done. I get people around me. They're raised to my level of vibration and they get excited as well
 Okay, this is weird thing
 And this is scriptural for those who are the church girl going full and those who aren't it doesn't even matter
 Okay
 Light cleave at the light and dark is the cleave at the darkness, right?
 One of my coaches terrible it talks about this all time vibes vibrations like people like hi. He's got a good vibe
 She's got a good vibe. She sends the vibration, right?
 And if you think about us like tuning for it
 So say you have a tuning fork here and you and you want to like if you get to tuning force next to each other they will eventually like
 Match their vibrations. There's a high pitch one low pitch one
 They will meet in the middle because vibrations they match right likely with the light dark to dark
 And the same thing happens with you like if you come in you're tuning for your vibrations high
 You know people are gonna suck you down to their level you'll be depressed or you're gonna come in and
 Freakin just blow their mind with a level of like energy and vibration and everybody will rise to you
 Okay, if you understand that you they're gonna suck you down. You're gonna rise up
 Okay, and so that's huge. That's one part of state control is is understanding that your body
 Has so much to do with it. Okay now that you understand that
 How else can you control your body? Okay? This is why us nerdy entrepreneur biohacking people
 Talk about like they ports our body right
 Alex sharpen it the pirates code mastermind. He said it. He said for any of you entrepreneurs who aren't treating your body like
 Like a professional athlete you're insane
 Because you're doing things that professional athletes aren't you're trying to accomplish things that they can't even fathom if you're not taking care of your body
 Like you're insane, right? And it's true like what you put into your body affects your physiology
 Okay, when I eat crap guess how I feel
 Crap, okay, why don't why people has that's been rioting so my supplements different supplements?
 I take affect my physiology now. I have rules my supplements
 Most you all know I'm a Mormon therefore. I don't do a lot of things
 I don't do alcohol tobacco coffee tea any other like crazy stuff
 And so I don't do a lot of these but there's some there's some supplements
 I do take because they affect my physiology
 Okay, I do take some caffeine because caffeine affects your physiology you take it it increases
 Your energy like you your physiology changes what helps me to get into a state faster
 Okay, there's other supplements. I take a lot of I think those days on supplements
 But there are things I take because they affect my physiology
 There's things I don't eat because they because they affect my physiology, okay?
 Look at how I eat. I usually don't eat breakfast
 Okay, reason why is because breakfast typically make me feel sluggish entire my physiology goes down, okay?
 I usually want a huge meal a day
 When I'm in the office melon makes me this huge salad. It's got high fats. It's got tons of vegetables
 I eat it and there's almost no carbs outside the carbs inside vegetables because carbs make me feel sluggish and tired
 I don't want to feel tired
 So I just eat the vegetables meats and fats because that keeps my energy keeps my physiology good, okay when
 When I'm at home
 If I'm gonna eat like junk typically I eat it like at the end of the night when about to go to bed
 Because at that point I don't care about my physiology but fall asleep, right?
 But if I don't eat at dinner like I usually won't eat all the other nice stuff
 I'll go and I'll pick the veggies that mean off whatever my wife wait makes that eat that because I know the fate the rice
 I eat the carbs by that because it happens my physiology drains
 And then I'm and then I'm gonna be worse dad for my kids
 Like I know how it works
 And so if I want to stay in a peak stay for my kids I have to stay in a
 I gotta keep my physiology going so I'm very careful what I eat and now sometimes
 I'm not as I'm not as good as like a lot of my body's like sometimes I just screw up and then like if my physioli
 This is probably a bad thing
 This is the negative personal development, but if I something if I like crap I'm like well
 I feel like crap. I'm gonna feel like crap no matter what my eyes will make my taste buds feel good
 So then I go all out and I like if I have a bad day
 I have a really bad day
 Because I'm like physiology jacked anyway, that's a fun so there you go. Alright, so number one number two side of the pillar of his Tony's triad
 As it's shifting what you focus on have you noticed I like to press people focus on depressing things
 Have you noticed that happy people focus on happy things, but Russell there's so much sad things happening in the world
 I know there is but guess what I don't focus on the sad things that are happening in the world guess what I don't watch the freaking news
 Guess what I don't know why because the news folks are depressing things
 I don't want to be depressed. I also depressing things. I try folks on people and things that get me pumped up
 Podcasts people inspire me to get me excited
 I read things get me excited. I focus on stuff against me excited
 Okay in the business crappy stuff happens every single day
 And I tell you what when you go from a million dollar company to attend to a hundred the level of crappy crap that comes up every day
 exponentially increases
 Okay, they say someone told me that a day that every three months and entrepreneurs focused with a decision to see
 They make or break them. Okay, that's true when you're running a million dollar business
 You're running a hundred million dollar your business that happens a lot more often. I would say probably every three hours
 I'm not kidding. Okay, there's a lot of crap that hits me in the face every single day and if I focus on the negative I
 Would be in a state of depression right now. Okay, I'd look at it. I'm like, oh that sucks
 All right, this is the answer and I turn my back and I run from it
 I do not focus on it from one five seconds. Otherwise, I will lose my state. Okay, what are you focusing on?
 Okay, why do you guys get overwhelmed? Do you stress? Okay? I do not think I could overwhelm
 I have 12 events happening in the next 47 days. We're doing the biggest launch in the history of the freaking internet
 We're redoing the complete onboarding process. I just wrote a new book in the last 30 days
 Does not a tiny book is a freaking cookbook. It's my 500 page cookbook. We're doing an designathon tomorrow, uh, intuitive
 I if you knew how much stress I had on my plate
 I don't know like I'm pretty sure most people would crack under the pressure
 I'm shocked that I have it yet, but the reason why is because I keep moving on Dan Gable the greatest wrestler in the history of wrestling
 Well, maybe not the greatest anymore, but he is the legend, right? He is he is the Michael Jordan of wrestling
 Um, Dan Gable someone asked him one time because he he um, he uh, he went through all of college never losing a match
 It was very last match he lost
 He got so pissed off he went and charged training for the Olympics and he actually became a Olympic champion and not a single person scored on it
 But what's crazy is while he was training for the Olympics, um
 So crazy so, uh, the Russians actually said they came up publicly said
 We are going to train an athlete with the only goals to beat Dan Gable from the Americans and Dan was like, no
 I am the greatest wrestlers ever lived. Nobody is going to beat me, right? So what did Dan do? He would work seven hours a day
 Uh, work out seven hours a preparing for the Olympics then he go to bed at night and as he went to bed at night
 He laid there in bed saying
 The duty in Russia who is trying to beat me is awake and he's training right now
 And that pisses me off and freaks me out. So what did Dan Gable do?
 You woke up at midnight and you go running because he knew that his opponent was
 Was competing was training and it stressed him out knowing that this component his opponent was awake while he was sleeping and he didn't
 I like that so he got up and kept working out. Okay. Now is that obsessive? Heck yes
 Have you cracked him to pressure? No, he went in the Olympics and won not a single person scored a point on him
 Okay, that's that's day I gave him all right now someone asked I gave a hard
 I said Dan don't
 And then afterwards Dan went on to come
 The head had wrestling on Iowa Hawkeyes won like more and see a champ championships in the role that I think anybody in any sport I believe
 Um anyway insane
 And someone asked Dan gave us that said don't you don't you believe in pressure?
 And dad's like, yeah, I believe in pressure. It's everywhere. He said the difference is that
 Most people like sit underneath the pressure and they sit on and say I believe in it
 I still put myself underneath it. I step aside and I focus on what I need to get done
 And most of us is that same way like I don't know if you guys sometimes I have so much stress and so much pressure
 I'm like about your crack and then half that's like just in our heads
 That's why I'll sit down and pat a paper especially sometimes at night when I can't sleep
 I said I've had a paper all right down like what am I stressing on? I write all those things down
 I mean write down this like oh
 That's actually not as bad as I thought and then you fall asleep then you get something out of the pressure
 So sometimes we're focusing on all the pressure and the stress all stuff
 And that's why we don't succeed. They don't do that like write it all down and they're like prioritize it and they make it
 I can't control I can't control I'm gonna move forward out of the pressure go
 And sometimes I don't get trapped done. I'm sure that all the stuff I have to get done between now
 And our viral video launch
 Motion is not gonna get done a lot of it will most of it will
 But sometimes you can't affect it so you do whatever you can
 And then as you get closer and closer to deadlines
 all of the non-essential start falling away and then you just get an essentials and
 That's how the games played all right
 Whoo
 This is fun. We're 32 minutes you guys hope you have fun
 All right, I don't want to let off the case the physiology shift your physiology number two where you're focusing on and then number three
 Like what's the meaning? I think number three's meaning if not I've been teaching this wrong or thinking about wrong
 There are three's the meaning we're attaching to things like
 Lot of time something bad happens to us and we attach these weird meanings to it
 And we it's really cool. We have this this unique ability as humans
 To attach meanings to things right and what usually what happens is a subconscious like we don't know
 We're doing something right like some punches to the face and and subconsciously our body attacks just a meaning to that
 Okay, so I attached me like this person's mad at me
 And so we attached a meaning like like I need to fight this like
 Okay, sorry to be stood back some punches
 That's right our meaning maker attaches this meaning to saying that person's madness. We must fight them back
 So I'm like, uh, so I go and I try to fight someone
 Okay, or someone punches us and maybe the meaning is like, oh, um, this person's gonna kill me
 That's the meaning we attached to them. You're like we run away
 Okay, or there's all sorts of things like like every single day something's happening and we're attaching these meanings to it and then the meanings
 Um, directly where we're going with with our thoughts and the actions and everything else, right?
 But is it here where this you can actually change the meanings that are coming to you, right?
 so, um
 And actually I don't know if this is actually part of the triad it may not be
 I can't remember now go go youtube tony robins regardless. I want to talk about meaning because meaning is a big thing
 Um, when you're aware of this, it's kind of cool because now gives you the ability to shift meanings, right?
 So like when somebody
 When somebody we've had some morons
 And they are morons
 This week that have like been attacking clickfuddles and at first I like because so mad I want to kill them
 And i'm gonna fly to their house and beat them because that's like the rest of the room you write
 and then i'm like
 Because my body instantly attaches the meaning to what they're doing
 But then what's cool is 20 times you mean this technique where you stop and you're like, okay
 What if that's not the meaning they're attached with it's actually this meaning and you you shift like the meaning that maybe they're attaching
 And if you shift the meaning associated with the experience, it'll change your your perspective which changes everything
 and so we got to become good at like
 and
 Consciously picking the meaning we are attaching two themes
 Okay, if someone screws this over we can attach a meaning saying
 That person's a horror person to try and screw me over but if you attach that meaning
 Be careful because as soon as you attach that meaning to something guess what happens
 Now the situation you enter the state you enter is going to be based on that meaning and it can get really bloody
 It gave really bad and things can turn really bad
 I'm just going to increase all these other pressure and noise and all the other bad stuff, right?
 um
 But if you come in and say look that person's a total douche bag. I don't know if I'd say it on tv
 Apologize if I can't you know that person's a horrible person, but maybe they're having a bad day today
 Maybe they're struggling maybe financially there whatever and you attach a different meaning to the situation
 Then you come in your like man like that person told you he's gonna be over but
 You know, this is probably what this is probably why he did it
 Why she did it and you touch that meaning it gives you a different set of tools to to deal with the situation
 And so um what happens now in my life something happens in an instantly
 um
 A meaning is attached by my brain and what I found is that most of the times the instant meaning that's attached
 Um is is gonna leave me in a really negative path. It's weird how it works
 and so
 Too often I've run down that that negative meaning
 And I'm saying meaning not meaning meaning
 And uh and bad things happen. So I try to consciously stop
 And then I try to take the exact opposite. I remember tony um at date with destiny does this thing he says find and experience your life
 That pissed you off. Okay. So I remember for me it was something with my wife and my wife was at the then then sit separate
 So she was sitting like four rows at a meet and there's experience and she they said write down the experience
 I wrote it down and said right out write down all of the meanings that you attach to that experience
 I was like my wife
 You know, it's mad at me. She's she's uh, she doesn't love me
 She doesn't and I wrote in all these different meanings that I had attached to that situation
 Okay
 And then choice the kid write a big line down that down the side of the paper
 He says the next to each of the meanings you attach that situation. I want you to write the exact opposite of that thing
 So I was like, okay, my wife my wife
 My wife is is meaning to me or whatever. I and the other side like she actually loves me
 And then like my wife super selfish is like no, she actually so is so giving this that she struggled
 Right, so I wrote the exact opposite of each of the meanings. I had attached the situation. What was crazy is um
 After after hand writing out probably three or four of the things
 um, I started crying
 And I started crying because I realized
 Because I love my wife and I know her and I realized that
 the true meaning of what she
 What happened that situation
 Was actually the exact opposite of the meaning that I had attached to it
 And I instantly realized that I was in the wrong and she wasn't
 And I broke down crying so I was like, oh my gosh
 Like where else my life is this happening when I'm attaching these meanings subconsciously to a thing and I'm actually wrong
 and
 And I realized that that day that I have to I have to be I have to take control of my meaning maker
 The meaning I'm attaching to every single situation, right?
 So something happens now and instantly I get the negative meaning because it just happens like that's how our brains are wired for some stupid reason
 And I stop and I'm like, okay, what's the opposite of that?
 Or what's something that if I can attach a different meaning or maybe look at this person through a different
 A different angle a different lens a different light and I shift the meaning
 And it shifts everything. It's just how I how I feel about the person it shifts how I approach them. It's just my response
 and um
 And it changes everything now. I wish I say I am
 I wish I can stand perfect with this. I am not
 If you've ever been on the back end of a backlash from me
 First off, I apologize because I'm I can be a prick sometimes. I didn't realize this till the other day
 We have a I feel bad about we have a contractor
 um, he was killing himself for us, right?
 and
 I imagine it's got to be a pain in the butts being working with me sometimes because I vote on my tv. I'm on instagram
 And I'm ranting and raving and talking about everything and and
 Without thinking I just kind of shared, you know, publicly my thoughts
 And in part because like I'm a media personality, right? I if I just if I came up like
 All the time
 Nobody would listen, right?
 So I'm usually on the extremes. I'm extremely happy or extremely upset and so because that's what's interesting and so
 um, I feel bad because I published up that was that was negative towards towards that person and um
 The other day just kind of brought to my attention like wow rustling
 This person's really working his butt off for you and you're saying these things and like
 and I and it had this like this this moment again, where I kind of broke down and just like uh, I'm a bad person sometimes
 and uh
 And the meaning that I was attaching to all these situations was like
 They're lazy. They don't care. They're not working on like whatever. I have attaching all these meanings
 And I had this this fun little moment when I had sex or I was like, okay
 What's what's if I switched to the meeting like what's what's probably actually happening? And I was like
 Oh man, I'm a jerk
 And I realized that again, and so I reached out person. I apologized and
 um, I don't know if I'll make it better or not, but but I was wrong and and so
 I've had other situations this week where again, there's this person who's
 Who's it like honestly like and it's always the people we helped the most and someone who I helped a lot to have a lot of success
 And I I've been over backwards for them and now they're publicly attacking me and us and it just
 Uh, and it's funny because like the meeting even right now like the meeting that I want to attach to it keeps like
 Like once coming down, I'm like, no stop like get out of my brain because I know
 I know the reason why this person's being a douchebag. I'm gonna use that word. I apologize
 It's because he like I know the me I know the true meaning
 And it's not the one that that makes me feel better about myself
 Which sucks because that one makes me feel so much better about myself
 But it's the truth and so I've tried to attach that meaning to it even though every time I think about situation
 Like my blood spoiling slinking about it again
 Um, but I gotta go back to the meeting that that I attached on purpose
 So the more you guys aware of this more you can affect it. Um, that's a big part. So
 Yeah, there's number two first of all man. So
 Where have we gone far so we're talking about not being the type of out shifting your state in the circumstance
 I'm talking about shifting the meaning you're attaching to things
 Um, all right. So there's a couple of things. All right
 If you have to win more 40 40 minutes, but I still got an hour and a half drive
 So we're gonna keep on talking. It's like on wedding singer
 Which is one of my favorite movies of all time
 Uh, I remember when he's all depressed after his girlfriend gets married on him
 And he's he's hosting the the wedding party
 And he's told all these jokes and like
 The one guy's like hey wedding singer you're the west of course wedding singer. I've ever heard it looks at him
 He's like
 Well, I have the microphone so you will listen to every word I have to say anyways my favorite lines ever
 So that's why I feel right now. I have the microphone. So you will listen to every word I have to say anyway
 I guess you can turn me off. So
 Hopefully you won't hopefully you can hear me this car is so loud and we're driving
 I hope that this is coming through because I think there's some good stuff in here for people I hope
 Um
 All right
 Next thing
 So you talked about talked about being not that I'm talking about getting in stake talked about meaning like these are pieces
 That help you function better as a human being
 Um, I always tell people like how much of an impact 20 robins had on me is because he made me aware of these things
 And there's so many more I wish I wish we could go you know
 It go to upw go walk on fire and you can take it for like 500 to a thousand bucks
 Like if you are broken on the money go get a credit card finance if you're broken
 You're gonna become more broke who freaking cares
 I guess we was the worst he's gonna happen you're gonna go bankrupt like dude you're broke
 It doesn't matter right
 I always suppose when I feel like I don't have any money I can't invest like dude that we have nothing to lose
 Because he got a loan
 Um, because he got five loans like do whatever you like who cares the worst case scenario is you lose at all
 If you have nothing then you have nothing
 I taught the the uh the cub scouts the 12 year olds
 I did an entrepreneurship merit badge
 And one of the guys asked like how old do you think his kids should start?
 I was like they should start now. I'm like I got a dozen
 Friends who are teenagers who are making insane amounts of money
 And uh the guy it was funny the guy who asked they said yeah
 He's like he's like just see you got all your kids. No you have nothing
 If you lose at all you didn't lose anything. So who cares?
 Anyway, it always makes me laugh people like well you can risk a lot because you have money to risk
 I'm like dude
 It's way easier to risk when you're broke
 Like worst case scenario you lose everything
 When everything is like a rent on an apartment like that's not that big of a deal you guys
 Okay, when you've got 150 employees whose lives depend on you
 I promise you it is a lot scarier to risk at that point nevertheless I digress
 Where's I going?
 Hopefully there's something there value. Oh, yeah, um, okay, so, um
 So what I want to talk about here is
 Is
 You got a risk. I you gotta go in this like like you're creating this new thing. You're giving birth
 You're going at this thing, right? Oh, sorry. I remember talking about like investing in upw and talking about me bro
 Yeah, go to upw go to date with destiny like invest in these events because it'll transform you
 um, it'll help you to become super aware of
 Yourself and other people like that's what tony gave me that was so
 Important to me is the most of us live life on a autopilot and then we're just going through today bumping into things things
 Are happening in and you're not aware of like of how we work and you're aware of like how you work
 It's like man. I can affect things I can change so that can tweak things
 I can I can change my approach. I can change other people's approach and forgive it
 It's been huge understand me and people better. So so yeah, go go go to those things. It's worth it
 Yeah, so there you go
 I have a friend down in Australia his name is mal emry. I don't know why it's popped in my head
 But he says he says if you're bro. He said I don't have a problem with you if you're broke
 But I do have a problem if you stay broke like there's too many opportunities in today's world
 If you stay broke because you're not trying like you're just literally not trying
 So yeah, anyway, I don't know why I said that but it popped in my head therefore my spin important. All right
 So next time we'll talk about okay
 So if you want to be successful in life the next piece
 Outside of like not being bled and figuring out state control and catching meanings the right things
 The next thing is you have to stop dabbling
 Stop freaking dabbling
 Okay school has screwed up all of us school has taught us how to dabble okay?
 You started for college you take 20 credits
 Okay, 20 cool things that you want to learn about and then what they do is they spoon feed they force you to dabble
 Over in a semester so they give you like oh, here's a little bit of information
 Yeah in math and here and then you just been 15 minutes. You go next up
 Here's a little bit of size here's a little bit of history
 Here's a little bit as you dabble a whole bunch of little crap
 And you kind of try to remain to retain all this stuff
 And then you go back the next day you dabble how much and you dabble and you dabble and you dabble
 for like 15 years of our life
 okay
 Let there be no mistake
 There is no you will never be hyper successful if you are dabbling okay dabbling is the opposite
 Of what you need to do if you want to be successful if you want to be successful in something you have to go deep
 You have to immerse you have to be you have to be obsessed with that thing
 Okay
 I guarantee you the people i'm competing against right now in in our business
 The reason why we are kicking the crap out of all of them is because they are dabblers
 Okay, I promise you there's not one of my competitors you spent as much time in the last
 48 hours in the last week in the last five weeks studying marketing and business and growth
 And personal development as much as I have okay and for most of them already way past them. So why in the world
 like
 Why are they not? I don't know but like they're dabbling and that's why i'm able to pass past them
 Okay, when you start immersing and you go deep a couple really cool things happen first off
 Um, you will start staying connections. You cannot see when you dabble okay?
 I sucked in school because I could never see the connections
 Okay, I spent an hour in history than an hour in math and an hour in debate than an hour in logic
 I'm trying to figure out how to make the connections through deep in something you can't do it
 Okay, the reason why i've written two books
 um
 Is not like yes, I like writing books. Yes, like sharing it when I write a book
 I have to go in such deep immersion that I start seeing these connections
 That you don't you can't see when you dabble okay?
 When I start writing next for a secret book, I was doing a whole bunch of things something's consciously something subconsciously
 And as I started like focusing on this book and trying to make a really really really good book
 It forced me to read and study and seek out and immerse myself and a whole bunch of different things and from that process
 I was not dabbling. I was immersing and I don't know if it's god if it's your brain
 But when you immerse yourself, I feel like
 I feel like the reward for that is that all of these connections that you don't normally see
 All of a sudden start being open to you. Okay, Howard Burke told me um, he's a world's fastest reader
 He said when he goes into a topic he said most people read a book and I think that's like oh a
 That they formed their opinion based on one book. They read
 He goes that he'll read 30 or 40 books to get a really clear view of like oh, this is the reality of the situation
 That's what you know 30 authors said you get a very clear view of it
 And that's like a lot like immersion like when you immerse yourself and you go and you listen you study you read you like you really geek out
 And become obsessed in your thing
 Like I said, I don't know if it's your brain if it's god if it's the universe whenever you want to attribute it to you
 I know why it's repeated too, but he opens up pathways he opens up connections for you
 Unless you see a full picture and that's your reward for immersion
 and
 And so that's the next step in this you guys is you have to stop dabbling
 Okay, so first off
 The first phase in this is for you comes back to you being greedy right first phase is like figure out this thing you want to be obsessed with
 Okay, and maybe it's not the marketing yet. That's okay
 Okay, because phase one is about being greedy and about like mastering it for yourself and becoming who you need to be
 To serve the world that you're trying to serve. Okay, so go and like
 Now is the time okay
 It's the time to become unbalanced in the bible. Um, what if you this song I think it was
 Who was it time for every season? There is a time
 that
 There's time under heaven for everything right time and to see something right? This is your season to immerse in your craft
 And become the best in the frickin world at your craft, okay
 Again, there's time in a season. This is the time of the season right now for you to do that to immerse yourself
 It's not space number one and that's going to give you the ability to become who you need to be
 And you're gonna you're gonna become completely unbalanced your work life your social life your family
 That's going to become unbalanced in that period time
 But you're gonna be able to immerse yourself. You're not going to dabble you're gonna
 Unbalance and become awesome at your thing. Okay, and then there will be a transition phase
 Where you're going through and you're you're you're becoming so passionate about it
 Whether it'll be this weird time where all of a sudden
 Like I don't know what it is like you can't get filled up anymore
 For me like I was doing all this marketing for all of our businesses and our companies
 We were doing the the neuropathy product the weight loss the dating the cue part
 I always have a businesses and we're doing it and like there can't point where like I I stopped getting fulfilled by just doing the business
 And I know what it was like and I started going through this like slump
 I didn't feel the momentum and then feel the progress. I was like, oh, I just didn't feel it and um
 and uh and that transition is because
 Eventually like you can't keep growing
 In that immersion because eventually like you'll see the connections you'll see everything you need to be more than this immersion
 and then like
 Like you all I don't know I say like not you become perfect ever
 You become like more perfected in that thing where it's hard to you just squeeze a lot more oranges to get any juice out of it
 To really like fill you up
 And that's when I talk about the expert secret spoke that's when you transition from this growth
 To like the only way to keep growing is to transition to contribution
 Okay, and this is where entrepreneurship is born. This is where you realize like
 The only way for me to actually to keep sharing this and to keep like like having that that juice
 Is to start contributing
 And giving back and sharing with other people the way you will find it's insane
 As soon as you take this passion this gift this thing you've been geeking out on even immersing yourself while you become obsessed with
 You start sharing it
 Like that juice starts flowing again. It's like the next wave and it's like
 Like it's so fulfilling. That's why I'm doing an hour-long podcast instead of just focusing on the road and listening
 It's why for me right now I start listening to it
 When I start doing personal development and growth or learning and studying like as I do that I start like shaking because I'm like
 This is good. I'm getting I'm getting juice. But if I could show other people I would get 10 times what I'm getting right now
 That's why I publish so much is why I share so much is because
 I like that that contribution will fill you up more than the growth will eventually
 First you gotta fill up again. You gotta become unbalanced
 So you can become who you need to be but after you've hit that point and you'll know it because you can't get the same
 Fine, you can't get the same thing out of it. They start contributing
 And that's logically where you start shifting to contribution
 Okay, and that's when you step into like that's you start becoming obsessed with the marketing. That's when you start geeking out there
 Okay, and that's the key you guys. That's what it's like at that point
 You don't care about the money. This is what I talked about this is a podcast ago
 People who struggle and people who try to make money
 Okay, when you've been geeking out on a thing and you have like filled yourself up and now you shift to contribution
 You do not care about money. I could not care less about money at this point in my life
 Okay, it's fun. It keeps track. It's like how we know that we're doing well, but like that like
 It's such not a driving force. You can ask like I do not have vlogging to my bank accounts
 I have no idea what's in there
 Um, my account. I always thought I was like, hey, can I buy this? And he's like, yeah, my okay. Go. I have no idea
 My wife lost. I don't have access to my bank accounts personal business. I do not know what's in there
 Okay, I don't want to know it means zero to me at this point in my life
 Um
 One thing that means anything to me now is this contribution like that's what fires me up. It's so
 um
 And that that's the state like that's the state you got to enter business and entrepreneurship in
 Those are people who are successfully coming in the right this thing that I have this gift this thing
 I'm so passionate about it. I have to figure out
 how to share it with other people
 And then guess what's going to happen?
 Then it becomes easy to be obsessed with the marketing because the marketing is a means
 For you to get your message out. It's for you to get your product your service out
 And all of a sudden it becomes exciting. Okay, I think that's why I struggled in school so much you guys like I would learn
 And I would read a book and then I would go and like I didn't it didn't matter to me
 Right if you're going into marketing you're struggling like this marketing doesn't matter
 I'm learning this stuff russell. I learned about sweez page learn about traffic and convert like
 But you don't care. It's because it's like school like I study a thing. I write a paper like I don't care about this paper
 There's no point to it
 If you're if you're struggling
 You can study the marketing because there's no point to it right
 But as soon as you find your thing and you've obsessed with it and you've grown and you've filled yourself up and you shift to contribution
 Now it's like when you start studying it the marketing becomes it becomes a lie it lights up becomes it becomes alive again
 Okay, I remember
 I thought I always thought I was dumb. I hated reading. I hated studying. I hated school
 I hated all this thing because I thought I was I honestly I was a lot of stuff kid
 And I started my business. I started selling these little things
 It was crazy because I've been rushed. I was I was selling some stuff and I was like
 Not doing that well. I remember it was pretty podcast, but they said everyone used to tell us that I was back like I started
 And I would download all these teles seminars and I would listen to them
 The guys like Armin Moore and Alex Mendozaan and like those are the guys I was doing Marlon Sander
 These are the guys I was doing initially and I would listen to him
 Now my headphones I burned and burned these teles seminars on CDs and I put the CDs that I listened to a month on my wrestling trips
 And I would learn something they would say stuff. I'm like, huh
 That's so cool. I'm gonna go try it. I would try it and then the craziest thing that happened
 I would try something and then and I was making a load of money. I would try it and I would make more money
 I was like are you kidding me?
 That freaking worked
 I was like that I I got to try something out my list blood podcast. I tried something out
 I would tell Sander I would try and I would try and I would are you kidding me?
 That freaking worked. Oh another one and then I was like that guy wrote a book. I read it. I read his book
 Oh, he shared this out try it and I guess what happened I make more money and I get more my thing
 We got to more people like oh my gosh and all of a sudden like reading became alive for me studying became alive
 Remark and he became alive for me. I remember copyright. I was like someone like one of my first websites
 I set up and I didn't have a sales letter and someone's like telling us copyright and he was like
 Are you kidding me? That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard of. I'm not gonna write words
 I don't want to learn that and I was like this is like
 Oh, I remember just like being angry
 Because like I didn't want to learn copy it sounded so boring and stupid and like
 and
 Anyway, so I like I tried to hire
 Those copper car hold on
 I tried to hire a copywriter
 Right and the copywriter it was actually Michael Fort
 Was the first copy I tried to hire and his quote for me at the time was like, I don't think eight or ten grand or something
 I was like whoa
 I haven't made that much money my entire life combined at this point
 I was like, okay. Well, so then I like I tried to read a book on copy and
 You know, it was like horrible. I was like this sucks
 And I'm like I had to write my very first little cell there's kind of wrote it and then it was crazy because it made money
 I was like, huh, it's not that I started listening to some copywriters and the guys were like
 I remember Michael Fortnacks has listened his presentation to give a big seminar
 He was like if we tested this thing and we turned out that
 A red headline out converted a blue one or something so I was like, huh, so I changed my headline to red and sure
 Sure enough it out converted. I was like what
 The crap I was like, okay, what else does this guy got so he's like, oh, I remember he tested like a brown background
 I was like and it did better in his thing so I was like, okay, I'm gonna do brown brown backgrounds
 I said it bread and brown brown brown background and sure enough it out converted out
 I'm like
 Are you kidding me? And all of a sudden any started like tried headlines then his headlines swifled
 I always headline so I tried four or five headlines and one of them like dramatically together when I was like
 What I changed the headline and I doubled my income normal humans if they want to double their income guess what they got to do
 Like a doctor would have to go back to like 16 more years of medical school to specialize to double their income
 Worked on the 15 years and then maybe they would I
 Changed like 13 words on a headline and all of a sudden guess what?
 Copyrighting became alive for me. You got exciting. Also. I'm wondering every freaking copywriting book
 I could find because every copyright but they like I read through it and like most of us garbage or reef
 Rehashed stuff and then I I read one sentence. It was like oh you should you should um end each line
 It's a dot dot dot because it keeps the readers mind open and so does it close out the thought and they're more likely to keep reading
 I was like what
 So I'm at every single email every single thing I've ever written and I had a dot dot dot you probably noticed that before and guess what happened
 everything increased I was like
 Gah and I should go to marketing seminars. I'd go to a five day seminar and I listened for five days and every single speech speaker who's
 Be talking like I knew every I'm like I done that knew that I've heard that like rehashed rehashed
 And then one speaker on day six would say one thing was like oh yeah, and this one time
 um
 I added an exit pop where I gave a discount and like
 20% of the people took the exit pop I was like wait
 What?
 And so I go back to my thing and add an exit pop and my income would increase
 by like
 By like a hundred thousand dollars a month and that one little thing
 And I remember as like I sat there five days of crap and I got that one thing and it was so
 Huge for me that it made the whole thing like worthwhile where I be at an event got nothing
 But I go I go out
 To eat with everybody and I'm the Mormon dude right? Every goes to the bar and I'm like, uh, I don't want to go to the bar
 But you know, I don't think I'm drinking like I so I'd go to the bar and I'm not kidding
 I'd order milk because like I didn't want people I feel like if it were to spry people
 I think I'm drinking I'm like, I don't want to believe I'm drinking so I order milk right so I'm holding a milk
 And uh, I'm at the bar and everyone's drinking and they're like why you got a milk?
 I'm like, oh no more than Mormon's don't drink so I'm drinking milk and they're like that's weird
 and then like they're kind of drunk and the cool thing about drunk people is like
 um, drunk people don't have any filters like
 Like they lose the inhibition to like filter stuff or whatever so I'm drinking milk totally sober
 They're completely drunk. I'm like, hey, so what's like the biggest thing you figured out and they're like, oh man
 Okay, so we did this thing on our squeeze page where we did round up another eye
 What he just told me that and like I would spend four or five hours in the bar drinking milk
 Ask people questions and just like getting nugget after nugget after nugget I go back and I like add it and like sure enough
 I had this little thing and it's like man rustle you gave yourself a
 Day raise by doing this one little thing okay 3000. I said million dollar year raise
 Okay, how do how do average students get a million dollar a year raise?
 They don't they can't it's physically impossible to do that. How did I do it?
 Some dude at a bar while he's drunk off his butt told me this little thing and then I did it
 Okay, where do you think I got the perfect webinar from? Okay? I am not a genius
 Okay, but guess what I went to all these events I saw speaker after speaker after speaker after speaker pitching
 And maybe that what they said sucked
 But guess what I heard how they did a close. I heard how they did a trial that I wrote that I
 That's what they that guy said that thing
 Okay, all of the different it's funny because Stephen's always like the rustle
 He always talks about the rustles and things the rustle says that are so cool my presentations
 I didn't make most of those things up most of those that heard another speaker saying I'm like
 That's amazing. I wrote it down. Boom. That was worth everything
 So we say it would make me laugh I'd go to an event
 And I would get one or two little nuggets like that I'd come back and it would give me a two to three
 Maybe four thousand dollars your raise and I hear someone online complaining
 That event was a pitch fast. Yeah, they do the sales stuff
 I'm like you went to that event to try to learn how to sell things. Why do you hate money so bad?
 Like I saw the same thing you did. I give myself a four thousand dollar day raise
 I don't know what else to do. It's because they it's because they're looking for like it's because they haven't figured it out yet
 It's like they're going to school and they're pissed because the professor bored him to death
 It's like when you go with this different lens where you've got something you were so insanely passionate about that
 That you go like like all you care about you don't care about making money. Don't care about spending money
 All you care about is figuring like how can I get this to more people?
 And when you get one little nugget after five days of information and that one thing
 Does this usually like that's worth it?
 And here's people complaining like they want to forms like that event sucked was a pitch faster like oh, I heard that stuff before they didn't teach me anything new or
 like
 It's because they this because they're not relaunching like they haven't fallen in love with the marketing of the thing
 If you fall in love in the market, this is how you know you fall in love the market of your thing, okay
 It's when you literally stop watching tv for the shows and you watch for the commercials
 That's how you know it's when you're listening to radio and you're waiting for the songs to end so you can hopefully hear
 A really good direct response radio at okay
 It's when you're scrolling through your facebook feed looking for ads
 It's when you're liking weird crap that you know you don't care about but you're praying that they will start retargeting you with their ads
 Okay, it's when you log into your wife's facebook account
 Not because you give a crap about what she's doing or care or talking about
 But you know that she is seeing different ads than you are and you want to see what those ads look like
 Okay, that's when you know that you're passionate about marketing
 That's when you know you're so you're so obsessed with getting your message out that like it's become
 Like that's the level you got to be at okay, but I I think that I'm coming to grips now
 I think you just pissed me off people weren't obsessed about marketing
 But now I think I get it it's like I don't think you can be obsessed about marketing at first until
 you have first
 Gone through the growth phase for yourself and you've got to become
 Ridiculously obsessed initially
 with your thing
 Because that's the first phase
 Right you got to immerse yourself there and after you've done that
 Then when you start shifting to the entrepreneurship side to the growth the contours to the contribution and sharing it
 That's when you will become obsessed with the marketing. Okay, that's when copywriting became alive for me
 That's when split testing became alive. That's when all the geeky crap that I shouldn't care about none of us should care about
 That's when I started caring about it because it became alive
 Does that make sense you guys?
 That's when I can sit there for five days and watch sales pitch after sales pitch after sales pitch
 And not hear a single word about what they said would just watch their hands
 Their hand motions and how they're anchoring the stage what they're pointing to and why and when and how and be excited
 Okay, uh one of my buddies darren stevens. He literally went to
 a 20 robin's event
 And he lit he went to the entire thing and I think I don't know if you told me if you watched the recordings of it
 Or if he did it when he was there, but he watched an entire like week long 20 robin's event
 With no audio on no audio you say why would somebody do that?
 Okay, it's because darren wants to be the best person in the world at controlling the stage
 And understanding how your physiology and your stage presence and how you're anchoring the stage and what you're doing and why you're doing it
 How you're doing it?
 Like why it works? What did he do? He took the best person in the world tony robins
 And he watched it and he took out all of the audio because the audio distracts you from what he's actually doing, right?
 Okay, if you
 I can't tell you is this enough like funnel hacking is not just about like looking at the outside. It's felt it's about
 really understanding
 What people are doing and why they're doing it, right? Like like yes
 I'm selling products and services to you guys but at the same time watch how I am doing it
 Okay, so darren went and he watched 20 robins because he wanted to see tony's hand motions
 What he's doing why he's doing it how he's doing it like and he wrote this huge right up for me
 He sent me a sensei and about like all the stuff tony's doing like rid of my tony's
 Howdy his chest at times why he's going to this why he's doing the whoa, yes clap
 Why he's pointing to different directions as he's anchoring and seating in like
 All those things are not they're not accidental like they're real they're purposely done
 When i'm on stage and i'm talking about stuff when i'm walking in different parts of the stage sometimes it's accidental
 But the most part like i'm doing things on purpose i'm i'm anchoring state partner the stage i'm taking on timelines
 I'm trying to bring you back to different places so you get emotionally impacted based on things are happening
 Things happening in a webinar tell us that are not podcasts that i'm just driving and talking
 Maybe i am who knows but
 why you guys understand like
 like
 Like all of these things are there for you like i spent 14 hours yesterday 14 hours
 Going through
 Every email i had ever sent with swipe file squeeze pages templates and not every template ever had paid for design
 um and because every template design i went and i had all these people the examples i
 Like a decade of funnel hacking went through yesterday and i archived all of it into
 Trello boards based on page type based on funnel type based on all sorts of stuff
 um
 And i'll probably never use the pages again but i want to be able to see them and categorize like oh yeah that
 That page recently that page was awesome is because of this
 Okay, there's actually this one little block. There's a dude to figure it out on these squeeze pages
 I'm not going to ruin the surprise for you, but if you type in squeeze page warning
 Those who are in the know will know this but there's this dude who put it have squeeze pages of a copy of this warning block
 It has this like warning blah blah
 uh
 That increased conversions on squeeze pages by
 Insane amounts right and most people never knew about it
 And then he mentioned it one of these like i think he's in the dating market
 And i just mentioned an architect in mastermind and it does it does it people done it
 But most people have never seen it before right if you were to do it on your page right now
 It's insane and i totally forgot about that time i'm going to my swipe files and mike. Oh, yeah
 Same thing with um
 Anyway, there's so many things
 I think so many guys some people get so bogged down and like there's other stuff that they forget about that
 It's like
 Become a stretch of the marketing go through all stuff and like
 Legitally doing it's gonna make this it's gonna make it so much fun. I'll make it alive for you guys
 And I want to give you that gift
 but that's the transition
 so
 Anyway guys
 This has been a long one. I hope you got a lot out of it
 I just I just want you guys
 I know that you have something inside of you
 I know that you have the ability to change people's lives
 I believe that probably more so than you do in this period of your life, right?
 If I didn't believe that I would not be doing this stuff. Okay, I make plenty of money running a software company
 Okay, like I don't have to do all of this stuff. I don't have to talk. I'm pretty booked up to but like
 I'm gonna spot my life now. We're like my contribution is to get you off your butt so you contribute as well
 Okay, because I can't
 I'm trying my best to touch as many people's lives as possible through the things that I do
 But I just know that the the clearest path for me
 To have an impact on the world is to touch you as an entrepreneur because you
 Have the ability to affect more people
 Okay
 You may not and some of you guys know this
 Some of you guys know and we have people that literally have hundreds of thousands of not millions of people a year that they are
 Touching and affecting if I can magnify what you're doing just a little bit
 It amplifies that okay if I can show you as something that gets you to convert more people give you more money
 So that you can actually serve people to higher level
 That's huge and some of you guys at the beginning of this journey right now and you're like, I don't have anything Russell like
 Like I'm not I'm not that passionate yet, or I don't have a voice or I'm nervous and I'm awkward like whatever like
 I promise you I
 I wish that I would have been I wish I would have been
 podcasting and blogging
 12 13 14 years when I got started okay the russly see today
 Was the most awkward nervous weird person on planet earth 14 years ago?
 I couldn't carry on a conversation with a human being let alone like with a camera for an hour and eight minutes now at this point
 um
 Like that comes with
 A lot of practice but comes with it comes with what we talked about at the beginning
 It's like unbalancing your life and becoming obsessed with
 something
 Um, and I don't care what that is for you, but you need to do it like find something that fires you up
 Okay, and right after I'm not that passionate anything like that's okay
 Find something that gives you a little spark they initially says spark
 Right like I wasn't that passionate marketing at first, but there was a spark we have a spark that's like, okay now let's throw some kindling on the fire
 There's a spark with something go find other people that are obsessed
 Okay, you have a lower vibration right now. They've got a higher vibration talked about earlier go find people that are obsessed and get around them
 Listen to their podcast read their book. They've an event
 Finance your house if you have to go to that event and plug into their vibration
 So they will bring you to the excitement level that they are at
 Okay, I am trying to do that every day in my marketing if you have not noticed okay
 Most of you guys you came in this world. You did not know about marketing. You didn't care about marketing
 You didn't care about funnels. That was not you didn't get into this world saying
 I'm gonna build funnels. You either had a spark saying I want to make money you get a spark saying I want to share something
 You gotta get us a spark
 And for some reason you've bumped into me because I'm so loud and obnoxious and annoying and everywhere
 You probably saw a youtube video you're like stop targeting me on youtube wrestle, but I'm trying
 to take your spark
 I'm trying to ignite it. I'm trying to give you as much waves of excitement and passion and vibration as I can muster up
 So that your vibration will rise to my level
 Okay, so for you, where do you have a spark find that spark and then find the people
 Around you in that market who are on fire and plug into them give them any amount of money that they need
 Okay, I'm serious about this if you're broke. It does not matter. You're gonna be more broke. It doesn't
 I don't know how to get that like people
 I was at grant cardones event
 Uh, I think there was like 2,500 people in the small room and you were seated based on how much money you spent
 So people in the front spent like 15 15 grand to be there in the back
 They spent like 500 bucks. So the further back you got the less money you spent, right?
 What was crazy to me is when I pitched my product the people in the front ran to the side of them
 But and the further back you went the less and less people ran to the back
 Okay, and you may say well Russell it's because those people in the back didn't have as much money
 Therefore they did not run to the side and I would argue with you that you are wrong
 Okay, the people in the front have money because they have invested money
 Okay, they're used to spending money investing and then they have more success
 Okay, the people in the back are broke because they've never invested in themselves
 That's it
 Okay, like that's honestly it they're already
 Like grant cardone said this man the backstage. She's like he's like don't people in the back understand like if you're already broke
 It doesn't hurt you to be more broke
 Like it doesn't
 Okay
 I don't know if that's financially irresponsible, but I did I did a whole podcast on this called entrepreneur scars scars
 Okay, our founding fathers who I believe were inspired from god who created the constitution of the united states
 Okay, they gave this this this thing
 Okay, because in this country
 We needed to give the
 We needed to give entrepreneurs the ability to risk everything and be okay with that
 Because if if entrepreneurs didn't have that ability this country would have stagnated and died
 Like I I'm a huge believer in that right capitalism. Wanna want like
 If entrepreneurs don't have the the ability to risk everything
 Everything stops growing. Okay, but if entrepreneurs have have have an out
 Then guess what?
 They can risk everything. Okay, and so it's scary at first
 But I promise you it's a lot less scary to risk everything now
 Then uh, it is when you have a whole bunch of stuff
 And so now is the time for you guys to risk everything because you don't have that much
 I don't want to be a jerk, but it's true
 Like now is the time to risk things. It gets harder and scary when you have people and money always kind of things, right?
 Um, I always tell people like if you
 um
 Like for you you have to be able to look at the like get figured like what is the worst case scenario?
 If you fail and you have to be able to look at that thing straight in the eyes
 Say, I'm okay with that
 That that is the key to be to be able to risk this stuff, right?
 Um, a lot of times the fear of like, oh, oh, there's worst case scenario
 Some bads gonna happen that I can't be successful and so you got to stop and like at you right now
 Like I said for you for you right now
 What is if you were to fail if you were to go and get a bunch of credit cards and blow it on?
 Mastering your craft and getting around the best people in the world and like raising your vibration everything
 What's the worst case scenario?
 Worst case scenario you go bankrupt, right? You go bankrupt. What happens?
 You can't get a credit card for like a day or two. Maybe?
 I don't know. You can't get a home loan. Okay. Well, you're gonna have to rent
 You're rent? I don't know. Hopefully
 There's programs the country
 I know I've rented to people who I can
 There there are things right?
 Anyway, maybe maybe it's financially responsible. I'm not a financial planner. Don't listen to me
 I'm just saying that if I was in that same situation I was starting all over again
 Um, I wouldn't worry about that would not worry about that
 Um, I have I have built and lost everything twice now
 I guess what it was all right
 Uh
 Yeah, it's
 It's it's okay
 But the biggest thing is if if you don't build something if you don't try something if you don't go deep on something
 Then you never know you'll never know
 so
 Yeah, anyway, make sure to close your spouse first to get there by and I'm just saying
 um
 Those people in the back of the room
 Hey grand card owners event if they had a rent to the back and invested
 Thing of a song is $2,000
 It's not that much. Okay. If they would invest $2,000
 They would have got the exact same thing that Brandon and Kaitlyn got
 Um, those who would listen to podcast you for me talking about them. So Brandon and Kaitlyn, they were down
 To their last money
 Uh, the the network market company were in the kind of falling apart. They stepped away from it
 They had $0 left in their account. They had a credit card a couple of other things and uh, they saw my pitch for funnel hacks
 It was a thousand dollars
 And they they watched it and we have to buy it went to buy it. We don't have a thousand bucks
 They're freaking out
 And uh finally decided okay, we're gonna buy it. I wish they were on right now to this story because it's awesome
 So they were saying they're gonna buy it and so then Brandon was gonna buy it and he was gonna buy it
 And then he was telling he's like, I'm not gonna do it
 So he didn't buy instead he went to clickfannels.com and just paid $100 for clickfannels
 And with that can said I didn't do it. I just bought the $100 thing and she's like, we said we were gonna buy it
 He's like, I know we don't have any money. She's like, it doesn't matter. We don't have any money anyway, like who cares if we buy something like we don't have any money. So
 what's
 like zero and
 Zero and negative a thousand is pretty much the same thing like
 It's you know, it's not changing the quality of your life
 And so doing back and it buying the thousand our thing and she was pissed because now she's like now we were a thousand
 $1,100 and dad is supposed to 100 and they guess what they did
 They had they had something on her passion now. She had lost like, I don't know 60 pounds
 She was weight like she's already passionate about something. She had already gone through the growth
 She had already filled that and now she was transitioning. They were transitioning to like
 We need to share this with other people. It's what do they do?
 They did similar what I did
 They well for them they did a little different. This is what I reckon a few years though
 They bought the fun locks training
 And then they watched video number one and they started watching it and so they got into them
 They paused it and they did that thing
 They put play again. They said they're doing they did that thing they implemented what said they paused it
 Did they push play pause play pause if like two or three months or weeks? I came around along with
 All they did is they put it all in place and then when it was done
 they launched their business and
 Their initial launch they were driving it gave us Thanksgiving or Christmas
 They were driving to uh their families and they were they they told me they said
 Landed up my gas money to get there but no gas money to get back
 So they filled their gas in the car. They started driving and uh,
 They got down to their family's house. They're staying in a room and they started going through and they like they launched this thing
 And luckily for them they rolled it out and they made like $20,000
 That's me for gas money to get back
 And then they started geeking out. They started plugging in they started doing what I did
 Okay, again, I didn't want to learn copywriting
 But when I found out that you changed a headline you changed 13 words and you give yourself a
 $1,000 day raise
 Suddenly becomes really interesting and so they plugged in the podcast and I watched these guys over the next year
 For the next two years and it was crazy because they would like I would do something
 I remember I did a podcast where I was on a webinar Jason flattleman
 Who was like one of the best webinar presenters ever born on his planet and at the end of the webinar Jason did this weird thing for 90 minutes
 I was so pissed in because I thought he was going to kill webinars cells turns out he doubled our webinars cells
 And I drive home. I was like the podcast is like holy crap flattleman pulled this thing out of his butt
 He did this thing. I didn't ever even heard of it doubled like literally two x star cells
 Okay, the podcast went live the next day Brandon came and listened to the podcast
 They said are you kidding they told me these things they freaking Russell Brunson, which is the same thing I used to say
 where I'd be like freaking Dan Kennedy
 freaking
 Michael Fortin freaking John Carl. Thank all the guys I studied
 They'd say some some little nugget and I would try it in a vh
 So they said that they went back. They had the same things with their end of their webinar
 Um, and they mess in back. They said freaking Russell Brunson. We did this for our webinar doubled sales
 I was like are you kidding me and every single thing like they listen to my podcast
 They tell me every time they say something they take it that I try they try it
 He Brandon said he said like a week behind your implementation you do it
 We implement a week later and we're just doing it. We're doing it
 And we're doing it and I want you guys to understand the like
 That's that's that's when this game becomes fun
 It's when you realize the man
 Listening to Russell Rant about the stupid thing if I add this one little piece all of a sudden I go from helping a hundred people
 They do 120 people a day
 That's pretty cool
 And my bank account goes from
 You know
 You know $1,200 a day to $1,300 a day. He gave us a $100 day raised today. You kidding me?
 People don't do that
 We just have a big mantra in our old office. We always say like we come in like how can we give ourselves a race thing
 How can we give ourselves a race today?
 And it was like looking for that gold nugget looking for that little thing for that headline
 Split test that tweak that I did that little nugget like what can we do this different?
 That's how the 108 split test book was born
 I was able to do a lot more split testing before Todd dikerson
 By my partner and cry with click funnels
 We used to build the best sales funnel we could we get it out there live pretty click funnels as a pain in the butt
 Uh, we build the whole thing out and get it live and then Todd will log in
 He'd use a visual website optimized was our split test until time
 He'd school up like a thousand for tests and try to beat my control
 And he always did pretty much every time and that was the goal is like, okay
 I'm at the best version we can Todd. See if you can beat it. He would test test test test test
 And he'd like beat it beat it beat it beat it beat it again beat it again beat it again
 And it was like every day how do we give ourselves a race today?
 That was the game we played and that's how the 108 split test book was born
 It's how half of like what I know about funnels was born during that time because we were just testing every funnel variation
 I did landing page template. I did like everything we can dream of like a two and a half three-year period of time
 And it's how I became who I am today
 So I became the dude who probably knows more about funnels than any human being on earth because I hacked more funnels
 I tested more funnels we did more than anybody and you're not time of growth like that was like the growth time for us
 We were doing it on 12 companies. We own we were doing it for a whole other thing
 Which by the way, yeah, that's the story for other podcast don't do 12 companies at once
 But that's what we're doing. That's how we mastered this craft
 That's how I know more about funnels psychology than I believe anyone on earth's because I did it
 I did more of it. We tested so many things. I was like, holy crap
 I thought for sure this would have won but no this one and this didn't win and this one
 But this one you know this helped on page one but it made page three the conversion goes down and like like
 I got my gift because of like
 The insane amounts of work that Todd and I did during that time time by my entire team by the way that did
 Okay, and we didn't have a nice like you guys have nowadays
 I went on a little round some of my team the other day like we get people now come to ClickFunnels and it just
 like
 Yeah, first off. They don't use ClickFunnels weights made
 Flusius wrapping bugs
 I want to I want to let you wish because if you have bugs because you're trying to do crap
 The ClickFunnels is not made to do
 You see you're hacking the things you're doing stuff like if you use ClickFunnels way it works
 There's not bugs like I don't have bugs in my funnels. I don't know every study bugs
 Because you're trying to do things that that you think you're going to be better and they're not
 Okay, it's because you've been listening to the Confucian soft screws explaining why you need 55,000 different variations of funnels
 If you just learn how to sell all that crap would go away, okay
 Like every time I people tell you there's always bugs in ClickFunnels
 I'm like, I'm not seeing them because I build funnels on it every single frickin day and I'm not seeing the bugs
 Okay, there are little things here and there when we fix them as they pop up
 But for the most part the bugs are like you are creating bugs by trying to do stuff that does not matter
 There's number one number two
 You're paying a hundred between hundred and three hundred dollars a month for the software
 We had a really really bad competitor come out which we've had
 I said probably at least 30 to 40 clickfunnels killers who have come out in the last
 Three years since we launched ClickFunnels they all come and go they always try to undercut us on pricing and it's just like
 And I always get all these people like oh so so come here you got you know
 And I'm like, you know, maybe someday we'll have a big competitor. I mean who knows and I'm excited for that day
 I actually enjoy competitions. Let me pay probably have noticed
 I got no problems with that when I was wrestling all I tried to do was fly around the country to find the best of the world
 So I can learn how to beat him so I'm game. So anyone wants to step up legitimately like please do
 Um, but please don't come in to disguise like we're gonna be in a buy under cutting their price and like like everyone's coming like
 Oh, you're losing your customers because they're under cutting your pricing
 I'm like are you kidding me the people who complain about spending a hundred dollars a month to run their entire company
 I don't want them as customers. In fact, um, we're honestly thinking about like doubling or tripling our prices
 Just to show like to give the virtual finger to like everyone's trying to undercut us like we don't want those customers
 You can go there if you can't spend a hundred dollars to run your company
 You should not be running a business at this point in time like like honestly, that's how I feel
 I want to walk you through a walk down memory lane now
 How we used to build funnels because this is this is the reality of how it used to work. Okay, we would have an idea
 I would then have to go funnel hack
 Dozens of people to see like what would be the best thing so I probably spend I don't know fourth
 Uh, essentially right two or three thousand dollars funnel hacking bunch of people think because I didn't have a way to mock up templates
 So I felt like I'd take tons of screenshots of all these templates of all these different pages
 And then I had to go to a design one of my designers and I had a bunch of three years some, you know a bunch of I'd show them like
 Okay
 This is the the process. I think is gonna be best
 I think I want like a landing page here in this this thing that I like I want this one this guy's funnel
 But I think this one I want this from here
 So I map out kind of like the funnel process I wanted to test
 Okay, and then but I want this guy's design
 But this over here and it's like it was a nightmare
 So our designers would go and they try to create a page and I'm like, no, but this and then like
 It would literally be I don't know six to eight weeks
 I was going back and forth just getting the design and the funnel structure right?
 Okay
 And they have to hand code everything so we get all the HTML done
 Then we have to go and after we got all the pages done so we work good
 And then we have to go back to um to our developers and say okay now here's a lot of pages
 Here's the order forms and everything now you got to actually make this
 Work
 And so they'd have to go and I custom then go into the PHP and the coding the sequel databases to build up
 So the order forms actually worked actually went to a database they had to make sent to security certificates that set up
 Um all the api is to go to all like the 20 or 30 different things that we would think and it would take the developers an average another
 Probably 30 days to hook up all of those things okay
 It's my cost just in like salaries at that point in time and we're probably at
 15 maybe maybe 20 grand in salaries just to get all these things done at that point
 Then we started right the copy which eventually I started like the copies so I did a lot more than myself
 But but prior like I started having a lot of copywriters
 Um, I would I would spend on hours between 10 and 15 grand for every sales letter
 We write if there was somebody else or it would be my own time
 Which would take me probably six weeks or so to write all the copy for a funnel okay
 We would then plug all those things in
 And we'd be you know three three months
 Conservatively three months and usually a little more than that and then you know conservatively about 30 grand per funnel in
 before we could test it
 Before we could test it okay
 So for you guys are just a hundred dollars and I can only build 30 funnels and
 And then I slept to get an SMTP mailer to send my emails out. I have no
 I have no like empathy for that non-zero
 I want you to leave us and go to your competitors. Please for the love leave us go for the 37 dollar option
 I want you to be there nightmare clients. I do not want you to be easily click funnels
 I don't have any empathy zero not one iota of empathy for you
 You cannot pay a hundred even 300 if you can't pay 300 dollars to run your company
 You are not an entrepreneur. You should leave this business
 Honestly, you should just stay as an artist and go to the beach and do your thing and have a hat out there and get tips
 like that is your level of being an entrepreneur like
 I don't know what else to tell you
 Like I please leave you can go you have my permission. I do not want nor need your money
 Okay, but if you were trying to freaking change the world and sell stuff and make a business
 That's what we've given you okay now if you want to super insane complex stuff
 You may have outgrown click funnels, okay
 That's fine if you if you've got real click funnels go hire people the custom codes. I'm okay with that
 Okay, you're gonna be like oh your softwares bug
 It's like you're trying to customize crap that you should be spending 20 to 30 grand. I'm like we used to you can do that go for it
 You have my permission to leave. I do not need your 297 dollars that bad
 Okay, I promise you that like
 the
 Headaches to go to some people who are trying to who are complaining to me about
 The bug they find when they try to add the 47th upsell on the 13th email signals that somebody clicks yes versus no
 Twice instead of once like that's not what we're made to do
 Okay
 And the reason why is because after freaking testing a million things when you go back when you do the way that I had to do it
 Okay, those three months and that 30 grand was for our initial test
 Okay, then taught up to go split tests a whole bunch of things then guess what we found out how
 Times we could the pages to convert but the funnel that wasn't profitable
 So then that come back so okay this entire funnel didn't work so we had to rebuild the upsell down sell sequence sequence
 She's I had to go back to the drawing board and it's not me spending 15 minutes and click funnels like cloning the page and doing his split test
 No
 Okay, it was me hiring another copywriter and a new version of the video sales letter
 It was me figuring out new layouts and designs and functionality and trying to read custom freaking code all that crap from the ground up
 Then it's to go rebuild the entire funnel then we have to relaunch the drive new traffic
 Okay, we're not like a tunnel didn't work. We're not have 10 to 15 grand in for the second test
 Okay
 How am I $300 cost so much I can only do 400 split tests at once I got no mercy for you, okay
 All right, sorry for the rant, but this is freaking important. Okay, so
 All right
 Okay
 So the reason why my funnels are simple and I want you guys to understand this
 Because your funnels need to be simple
 Okay, I learned this I learned this well
 I learned this from half and custom coast if I made these complex freaking funnels that everyone thinks are so cool nowadays because
 Because of confusion stops and others they draw these little diagrams and they try to like
 Impress their clients by how complex their funnels can be like that's not going to serve you
 At all, okay. I want you to understand this this will not serve you
 Um
 It'll screw you up and you're gonna be finding bugs and clickfunnels to this not built to do what you're trying to do
 Okay, um with the design hackathon happening next week. We are building out 30 types of funnels
 Okay, these are the funnel structure you should use you should work to plug the crap you are selling into these funnel structures
 Not the other way around you should not try to say I got this good idea
 I'm gonna do 14 up sales and and then I'm having mini survey on upsell number two and then I'll sell them this or like no
 Just plug the crap you have into the existing stuff
 Okay, the tiny potential maybe incremental sales you could get by tweaking this thing is not worth
 I promise you
 If you put the same effort
 In the same time and energy money into like hiring a better copywriter or mastering your you know like
 Like there's a dude who I pay a hundred dollars to write each headline for me
 So like when we have an offer I'll give him a thousand bucks. They write me 10 headlines
 Like that's a better investment of your time than trying to have like 16 different upsells because having a different headline can change your
 Like that will do more for you than the complexity that you're trying to do like
 I know it
 anyway
 My rant is over
 I think it's over should it be over? I just want you guys to understand that like like
 Click funnels is built for customers like me. Okay
 Who want to get a message out quickly?
 You want to take the best proven practices and then they want to focus on the stuff they can control
 Okay
 If you want a cheaper option because you feel like a hundred dollars is too much to invest in the entire background of infrastructure of your business
 You have my permission to go
 And I hope you enjoy it and when
 Your business makes enough money that you can switch we will gladly
 um
 Welcome you back or you can do what the wise man did and built his foundation on a rock. Okay
 I don't know if you had never that song from Sunday school, but the wise man built his house upon the rock
 And the foolish man built his house upon the sand and when the rains came tumbling down
 The rains came town and the floods came up
 The rains came down and the floods came up
 The rains came down and the floods came up and the man
 on the sand washed away
 And the man on the rocks it's still
 It's like primary songs one-on-one you guys
 So if you want to build your house on the sand and you want to go to cheap option you should
 You definitely should
 Um, yeah, and when you want if and when you want to get super complex
 If there's reasons those use cases that the click funnels wasn't built for like
 Don't feel bad you guys like i'm okay with that you can now grow us
 Okay, click funnels is a company that's built for company for businesses in this in a certain range and I understand that and I respect that
 That's what we want to serve
 If we try to serve everybody
 We will not we will not succeed either. Okay, so a lot of times if you guys come to us you're like, oh, this is the bug
 This is the bug
 And all the times we look at it. It's not a bug. It's it's it's the limitation that we have have put on our software because
 That's not something that we want our users doing because we open that to everybody then it adds a whole not a level of complexity like
 The tones is already complex. I do not want to add more complexity. I want to make more simplicity
 I honestly
 If I wouldn't have upro rings and rights in the streets right now, I would take away some of our features
 I would pull things out
 I would simplify a lot of stuff
 And you will notice over the next year. So we have a bunch of new UI people the teams coming in and our goal is simplification
 And try to make things simpler and easier not more complex like Russell what's the new features coming to click fun
 I was like there are some cool things coming out, but at the same time a lot of it's simplification
 If I'm not gonna live we all put a back genetics and I had someone messaged me the day and like
 You know, yeah, like in you had this cool feature in action edicts
 It was like it was the best thing you had and then you guys pulled away two weeks later
 I'm like he's like why did you guys do that like two reasons number one
 What people were doing is they were they were making smart lists. They had like literally 800 different like
 Things in there and like oh yeah, I need to be all the segment and like
 I understand like you just want to be segmented, but I promise you
 That's that level segmentation it hurts you more than it'll ever help you like
 In number two, like destroys our database like it's it's not good like we don't if you want to kind of love like complexity
 like please go and like build that on your own, but like
 this is for
 Clickphones built for entrepreneurs to move quickly
 Okay, the opportunity like you being launched to funnels instead of one
 It's the difference like I don't know like it's that's that's the goal of it. So
 All right, we've been going for a long time. You guys. I don't even know where I'm at. I hope I haven't passed
 Where I'm going
 Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed this podcast. It's been a lot of fun
 I hope you guys actually listened to the whole thing. There are a lot of a lot of really cool stuff that I really want to share with you guys in here
 And I hope you a lot of value out of it and yeah
 So to recap
 Don't be a bad
 Build your empire become unbalanced and focus on becoming who you need to be
 And then after you've done that and you're ready to transition the contribution then shift your balance and be obsessed with the marketing of it
 Have fun with it
 This game is fun you guys like every day I wake up and I'm like, I can't believe I can do this
 I can't believe
 I had a two-hour drive-time. I can't believe I hang out with you guys and share and talk and like
 and
 I mean based on my stats
 I mean between youtube and
 And our podcast we will have between 15 to 20,000 people you guys can listen to this whole entire thing
 It's crazy. We're thousand people and if each of you has got one little nugget out of that thing and gave 20 to 20,000
 You guys have no idea to affect an extra 10 people 200,000 people affected
 And if you're able to get an extra 100 people plus 2 million people as able to affect
 If you get another thousand it's 20 million people. I get it's insane the ripple effect
 And I hope that I didn't waste any of your time. I hope you has got something one or two or three little nuggets
 But look at these things that way like go into this you guys go into everything go into your study time
 go into your podcast feel like
 Like I'm putting a lot of content. Okay, and I'm hopefully making it entertaining and fun for you guys
 But you're always looking at one little thing like oh, that's how Russell
 I had probably a dozen people messaged me when they saw how I do my product one of the fun on TV episodes
 I had my um expert secrets board and I finished the expert secrets book and I closed the board
 And they saw that like that's how you manage your projects like now
 I see you guys are some stuff done everything's compartmentalized you have your teams in projects and trolls the way you do it like
 Like that little thing was just like huge for people is one little nugget
 And you know you never know where they're gonna be picked up never aware and gold can be dropped
 You can grab it so plug in immerse yourself and the stuff you guys my goals to get your vibration up to mind
 So you can be as passionate as I am
 Because if you are
 That's how you're gonna change the world and that's how I'm gonna change the world
 And I can't do without you
 So uh, I need you guys there. So step in plug in have fun. Enjoy the process simplify your funnels
 and uh
 Build your build your house build your company up on a rock
 And uh, that said you guys appreciate you all and I will see you guys soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets.com
 And book number two is called dot com secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-view
 VC back sass startup company in the world
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
