 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast.
 I hope you enjoyed the last episode for my keynote presentation at Christopher Voss's
 ROR symposium. You know, so far in the episode number one, I had a chance to kind of talk
 you guys through some of the history and the background and how we started building our business.
 And I'm excited this next episode is going to be the second half of my keynote presentation.
 I hope you enjoy. And then afterwards, the third episode, we're actually going to,
 I opened up some Q&A and we had a really good time doing some of that as well. So,
 that'll be the third episode. So, this episode will be the last half of my keynote presentation.
 I hope you enjoy it. Again, if you want to go deeper with Christopher Voss, make sure you go to
 roruniversity.com and get on his list, read his stuff. Listening to what he's doing because he is
 helping a lot of people to build businesses by using relationships and really understanding how to
 how to do the stuff we talk about. I talk about Dream 100 and the traffic seekers book.
 This is what he's talking about at a much deeper, much more powerful level. So, with that said,
 I'm a cute thing song. We come back. I have a chance to listen to the second half of my keynote from
 the ROR simposium. So, the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and
 take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets? How do we mark it in a way that
 lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 and yet still remain profitable? That was the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Okay, now I'll tell a side story because it popped my head right now and that's what I do, right?
 So, about the time it was after Joe Vitaly promoted me, I had a list with a certain size.
 Remember I got a phone call from a guy named Telman Knitson. Anyone here know who Telman is?
 Telman used to be big at our space. He was shifted over to more like hypnosis, personal development
 space. But Telman messaged me on the phone. He said, "Hey Russell, I had this idea. I'm interviewing
 all these people and I can't remember. I'm an interview for an hour about a topic and I'm going
 to put it behind a squeeze page and then everyone's going to promote the squeeze page. People are
 going to join my list and they'll get your interview in all the other interviews." And I was like,
 "Okay, I think that's the worst idea ever." He's like, "What do you mean?" I'm like,
 "I don't get to email my list to your squeeze page so they can opt in and join your list to get
 my free interview. All this, given my free interview, why would I do that? Does it make any logical
 sense? Is it, "Well, everyone's going to promote it." And that way everybody's list,
 people on the list will see you as well and this can be this huge thing for you. I was like,
 "Dude, that's the stupidest idea ever. No." Like, "No." I told him, "No, flat out." I was like,
 "This is never going to work but good luck in your future." And I hung up. I was nice because I
 just profiled my high ass. I can't mean to people. So I was like, "Okay, well sorry." And anyway,
 so that happens. And then fast forward like three months later, all of a sudden, in one day,
 I give emails from everybody. Like, Joe Vitaly, like the nitro marketing guys, like, all the people
 who are the biggest at the time, right? Emails from everybody and open up and it's like,
 "There's this guy named Tomah Knudson in the interview. He's on List Bill. You should go check
 it out." And I clicked on it and went to, it was called listcursade.com. Was this site? When
 the listcase sai.com showed up, there's an opt in for them. Like, opt in to get all these interviews.
 And they opted in and it's all people's interviews. And I was like, "What? How do you pull it off?
 You've got the biggest names in the world to go and do this." And I was like, just perplexed. Like,
 I'm like, "This is the dumbest idea ever. Like, I should have done it if it worked. Like, this is
 crazy." And so I found his number. I messed him. I'm like, "Can you tell me, can I have a, I'm so
 confused. Can I ask you a question?" And so he definitely called me. I was like, "Okay." So I just
 saw yesterday, like, 50 people all promote your squeeze page. He's like, "Yeah, I've added 120,000,
 130,000 people on my list in the last, like, 48 hours." And I was like, "How did you do that?"
 And it was so fascinating. He said, "You know what Russell is like?" I called 49 people. And I got
 49 nows in a row. First one said, "No, no, no, no. You said no." Everyone said no. And he's like,
 "But guess what? The 50th person." He said, "It was Kevin and Matt from nitro. He was like,
 "Call Kevin and Matt." And for some reason, they said yes. And after they said yes, it's like,
 "Cool. Do you know what else would be good fit?" And then Kevin and Matt were like,
 "Oh, yeah, you should get so-and-so-and-so." And then they emailed the intro, like,
 "Hey, you should meet so-and-so-and-so." They jumped over there. Those people said yes as well.
 And he's like, "The next like 37 people in a row all said yes." Oh, even that J. I mean,
 a J Abraham on the list. Anyway, he said, "The next 37 people all said yes." And, and here we are.
 And I was like, "Oh my gosh. How many of us, including me, would have said, like, stopped after the
 first note or the second or the third, right?" But it's like, as soon as he got one cool kid to think he
 was cool, he was in. Okay? And so you start thinking about this. It's actually, this is probably more
 for the women. This is embarrassing women's. "Have you guys ever seen the movie, Never Been Kissed?"
 Drew Barrymore. Okay. McCall, can you act this out while I, while I explain it to your skin? Okay, so,
 so here's the story from Never Been Kissed. So, Drew Barrymore in the movie, she's never been
 kissed. She graduates high school. And now she's like a columnist at a, at a newspaper, right?
 She's a big columnist. And her brother was like the cool kid. Like he was like the jock and the
 cool kid. And he graduated. Now he's like this loser because he's graduated from high school, right?
 And so, anyways, she's, she's in her day job. And as a columnist, like we want article
 from like, what are the high school kids doing? So we need you to go undercover back to high school,
 find out what, yeah, about the cool parties and all the cool stuff, right? So, Josie,
 Drew Barrymore's character goes back to high school. And within like five seconds,
 she slides back into the nerd group, right? Which they're like doing chess club and all these
 kind of things. And she's writing articles about chess club and her editors like, no, we don't
 want these articles. Like I want the cool kids, like the drugs and the like all this stuff. Like
 what's happening? Like we got the underground dirt of like that's the article we're looking for.
 And so she tries to get in and she's like no one like, you know, the cool kids club will not let her
 in. And so she's home, she's frustrated. And then her brother's there and her brother's played by
 David R. Kep. And so David R. Kep's like jealous. Like I want to go back to high school. I was the
 coolest kid in high school. And, and Josie's like, there's no way like you understand like it's
 harder. It's not the same thing. You went back to school, you wouldn't be cool. And it gives
 his idea for him. He's like, no, I'm going back to school. So he somehow, and Tammy says it on
 Netflix, I'm sure it's on Netflix. Anyway, this is your homework. Everyone go watch it. So Drew
 Barrymore or so David R. Kep's character goes back and gets in high school somehow. And she sees
 them the whole way. She's like, you can't do this. Like, you're like, it's not gonna be like, you're
 gonna be cool. Like you were before he's like, watch this. And so he goes, he goes into the luncher.
 And it's like the greatest scene of all of all film. He's in the luncher room. He's standing up on the
 table. And he's got this huge bucket of coleslaw. And he's like trying to eat the entire thing,
 chef in his mouth. And the whole high school's not cheering him on. Like, oh, and he's like eating
 the stuff and he slams the thing down. He's like, ah, and that fast. He's the coolest kid in high
 school. Everybody loves him. And he's a man. Right. And then like the next day, he's like, okay,
 I'm gonna show you Josie. I'm gonna make you cool. And so he goes with Josie's sister. And you know,
 one of the cool kids sees him and, and it's like, oh, why are you hanging out with her? He's like,
 her like, she's the coolest girl. Like she actually broke up with me. Like, and she's so cool. All
 stuff. Like just talking about cool. She is. And also, and everyone's like, oh, and then also the
 cool kids like, oh, she's cool. And awesome. Boom. She gets sucked in. And then one kid of cool,
 kid thinks she's cool. The next next eventually with that fast, she's cool. Okay. So there's a very
 long story to tell you that like the secret is like, as soon as one kid thinks you're cool,
 this is one cool kid thinks you're cool. Like you're in. Right. And so tell him, can do some like
 same thing. He was going back here. No, like, no, no, no, no. And he got one cool kid, Kevin and Matt
 from Nitro. We thought he was cool. And then open up everything else. Right. So if you guys know,
 it's our thing again, a couple, a couple of things that I was hoping to get through to you guys like,
 number one, like, we're shooting for the stars. That'd be amazing. But don't start there because
 it's going to be really hard to get in, right? Build your thing, find people who are around you,
 who are doing the same in the same business, the ministry and start building for there and start
 growing. As you do that, it's going to start opening more doors for you, right? Like someone's
 going to shoot somebody else, somebody else introduced you and you start building this network of people,
 right? And you should do that. Like you're collectively, like, if you do it collectively, all,
 all, let's say, high, high, high tide rises all boats, right? So I come to collect and getting
 bigger and bigger and bigger. And eventually it gets easier up to the next door, the next door.
 All right. Eventually what happens is I had this group of people, right? Mike Phil saying,
 Gary Ambrose, Brad Carroll and Brad Foul. All these people are like all my friends at the time,
 Frank Kern, all of us through this level. And eventually that point, we're at the level of all
 these other people, right? Guess what? There's always next level. And there was this guy that like,
 ah, like, I looked up this guy crazy. He's a giant. He's got big whole teeth. Anyone guess who it is?
 Tony Robbins, right? Tony's the next level up here. Tony's up there and we're all down here.
 And one day somehow one of my cool kid friends got into Tony. I don't know how or who or was or
 anything, but somehow one of them got into Tony, right? And had him eat with Tony and like blue
 Tony's mine. And then my friend, actually knew it was, it was, ah, my kenigs. My king's got a Tony
 somehow blew his mind. And then, ah, so one cool guy and cool Tony. And then my kenigs introduced
 like, Hey, you should make me a wrestler. He's just so and so. And suddenly Tony gets like, I get a,
 and this is the craziest experience ever. Saturday morning with my kids getting ready and the phone
 rings, I pick it up and it's Tony Robbins assistant. Hey, Tony Robbins wants to see if you can, if you
 can meet him today. I'm like, okay, who is this? Like, I thought it was my friend's messing with me.
 And they're like, no, this is my name is Jay Gary. I'm Tony Robbins assistant. He's in Salt Lake
 saying once to me with you, I'm like, well, I live in Boise. And like, yeah, well, he knows who you
 are. And he wants to meet with you. Can you get in, can you get Salt Lake? And I'm like, well,
 it's like a five hour drive. I can jump in my car. He's like, Oh, we're flying out in three hours.
 Because they have a next week. Can you meet Tony in Toronto? He's your new P.W. You can show up,
 go through the event, walk on fire, and then have a private meeting with you. I was like,
 what's your name again? Like, is this like a real person? Like, Oh my heck, yes. I'll be in
 Toronto next week. And so like next week, I'm flying to Toronto. Again, I've never been to Tony
 Robbins events. I show up by backpack my computer. I'm gonna sit back and take notes like the
 internet nerd that I am. And I walk in and people are jumping and screaming and we're sitting there
 dancing and rubbing in chival shoulders. And I'm so confused like what's even happening.
 And then I walk on fire. And the first time I met Tony actually was the fire. He had me like a
 VIP section. So the imagine was 2000 people in the event and then right next to the stage,
 he has these two VIP sections and actually she's next to Chuck Liddell. I didn't know who Chuck
 Liddell was the time. I'm like, that guy looks scary. Big old mustache and big old muscles. And
 I was like, but he was there anyway. I saw him into my UFC like, that was my partner. You P.W.
 Like, I know everything is messed up in his life. This is so weird. Anyway, you probably offended
 I had no idea who he actually was. Anyway, like we're in this little group and so we have a chance
 to go back. And so the first time that Tony is after everyone leaves the firewalk, we walk through
 the front thing and open the curtain and Tony standing there is like, Russell, I've heard so
 much about you using this huge hug. And then we walk with him and I did the firewalk with Tony.
 And like, that's my first impression. But check it out. Like, it wasn't because like,
 I emailed Tony and tried to get to know him. Like, I probably emailed him a lot. I just
 it never made it to the gatekeepers. But it's because one cool kid got in there and told him I was cool.
 And after that, it was open. Doors are open. Right. And so this is like, in my mind,
 I guess, thinking through, I sometimes like dream 100, you're a return to relationship. We're
 going to get a list. We're going to send them out boxes and like, that's going to be how we
 how we grow our company. Like, there's a place and a time for that. That's not how it really works.
 Right. It's like, it's, it's this organic thing where it's like building actual relationships.
 You need to know people like, you know, like finding out about them and their families and
 how can I serve them? And, you know, back here when we're all at this level, it's like me trying
 to help them like, Oh, like, I tried this in my business where you should try that. We're helping
 things back and forth and like, the ability is relationships. And then together, we all
 collectively rise up to the next level, next level, next level to eventually we are the top level,
 right? And that's when it gets more and more fun. And so that's what I was hoping to kind of
 really share with you guys, especially because I think for some of you guys, I'm sure for, you know,
 like you look at someone who like me who's been doing this now for 20 years, like, oh, it's easy
 for us. Well, anyone take this call. It's like, yeah, but it's 20 years I've been playing this game,
 20 years I've been like putting the coins in the deposit box over and over and over and over and
 over again, right? Like, when I found out who Dan Kenny was, I'm like, okay, I want to get to know
 that person, but I don't know how to get there. And I was like, well, there's two ways I can get
 into Dan Kenny's where like, I work my way and I can buy my way. And I'm like, working my way
 to take a decade or two. So I'm gonna buy my way. And so I was like, okay, join the mastermind group
 getting in there, right? And then I didn't go like I have people. Oh, people that joined my
 mastermind groups this last time around and say, you know, amazing group. But there's there's
 different set that everyone's got to remind us that right, people coming in and initially like,
 Russell, this is so cool. Can make you test them all with my video. Hey, can I get a picture like
 they're trying to like, take a take a take. I'm like, ah, when I'm in a Dan Kenny's group, guess what
 I didn't do? I didn't take from Dan. First off, I'm scared of him. Number two, I was like, all right,
 I'm gonna serve these guys because I want Dan to know who my name is. I don't want me to tell like
 to message Dan. I want people telling Dan who I am. Like if I can do that, it's gonna like, that's
 the secret, right? So I'm in Bill
 do so much stuff for so many people, they're gonna want to put me on stage. And so I get in that group,
 I'm serving that crazy. In fact, after I think it was three years in, I wanted to
 I had to fight Baltimore three times a year. And it's not just fine to Baltimore, like Bill is in
 Baltimore, like you fight Baltimore and they drive in a taxi for an hour to get the hotel to build
 it, have it at. And after three years, I was like, I can't do this anymore. So I literally,
 I messaged Bill, I'm like, Hey, I'm not going to re up the sex year. Because I just, I just can't
 give him to Baltimore. And he literally is like, this is a deal Russell. You have to be in the room.
 And so you're not at the pain anymore, but you're still coming. As I, okay. And for the next three
 years, I didn't pay back, I kept showing up because I provide so much value. He's like, you have to
 be in this room because you're facilitating all these things. And then he had him on stage,
 they amount stage again. And then eventually I remember the last event I spoke at, I spoke on
 stage four times, I was on stage longer than Dan Kennedy was. Okay, do you think Dan can you my name?
 Yes, he did, right? It's like, there's this internet nerd who keeps showing up and helping
 everybody's never asked for anything. Like, we should get to know him. And like, that's
 how I believe it's relationship with Dan and then with Bill and all these kind of things. And now,
 fast forward a couple years later, you know, the opportunity by Dan's company's there. And I'm like,
 what if he hates me? Because like, he's not going to like approve. And I literally like,
 I faxed him because you can't email Dan. He doesn't know he has no email, he has to fax him. So I had
 open an e fax account, write it on piece of paper, send it, it's this whole thing. So I fax him,
 I was like, Hey, there's an option to buy a company. But I just want to make sure that like, you don't
 hate me or like, I'm not like, like, we're gonna be working together. So I want to make sure this
 is going to be a good fit. And he faxes me back, he's like, dude, like every time I've heard about
 you, it's like you on stage talking about how good I am. You like, like, you always praise my name,
 all these kinds of things. Like, of course, I love to work with you. Because he knew who I was,
 right? He like, I've been trying to serve him for all this time. And I never asked him for something.
 And so because of that, he said, yes. Right. And now we're at this partnership. And we're like,
 30 days away from watching the new magnetic marketing. And you guys are going to die when you see
 this like the most exciting ever, they're all came off of that, right? Like,
 build these relationships of long term. If you guys haven't like on YouTube, there's a video,
 if you type in Russell Brunson, Tony Robbins dream 100, there's a video documenting my dream
 100 process of Tony, which was like over a decade and a half to do this thing, right? The very first
 time he actually promoted me, but it wasn't me coming in like Tony promote Tony from up. I would
 have done that. I had one me Tony and out of the last, right? It was a decade of me just like,
 every me Tony, like, how come help, how can help people from this company would call like, Hey,
 can you consult some thing like, yes, like how much does cost? Like for Tony, it's free. Like,
 like, I'm sure times I like will really pay you like, no, tell Tony, like, Russell,
 yeah, your money's no good with Russell, because I want the relationship, right? And fast forward
 now, I'm going to get emotional. Oh,
 this isn't a story we've publicly told, but you guys know, fellow acting live.
 Dave had his cancer and if you know the the real stories, literally the worst kind of
 cancer you have, they give them like a 6% survival rate past like eight months, 10 months, something
 like that. And so we were so scared. And at fellow acting live, when after Tony got off stage,
 went backstage with them and he was like, how can I serve you? What else like, what can I do for
 you guys? And Todd had the impression like, hey, Tony, this is our friend and partner, Dave.
 He's dying. Is there anything you can do?
 And Tony says, yes. These are the people call this person call this person. In fact,
 I'll connect you. Here's the people. Two weeks later, Dave's flying to Dallas. He's with this doctor
 who does things the opposite of what every other cancer doctor does. Dave says two weeks down
 there with him. I won't get too deep into the details, but discovers there's a root canal that
 causes the tumor, pulls his tooth out. So there's oxygen in there, oxygen is his body has a bunch of
 things. Two said, Dave goes back for his MRI, where they're supposed to tell him how long he's
 got left. So he can plant this family. They do MRI, doctors looks inside and said, there's not a bit
 of cancer inside you. What did you do the last two weeks? And because my relationship with Tony,
 I had access to this guy who saved his life. And Dave's going to be here for the next 20, 30 years,
 because I was willing to put in for a decade and a half this relationship with Tony,
 and Tony had a relationship with his other guys and man. So is it worth it? Yes, is it worth
 financially? Yes, is it worth it from so many more things? Yes, like it is. And so I'm forever
 grateful that like I didn't ask Tony to promote my thing on day one forever grateful that I didn't
 try to figure out I could take and forever grateful that when they asked for help, I just gave it because
 I love Tony. And because that opened all these doors where,
 yeah, so, whoo, not planning going there, but that's the power of stuff. So when Chris was talking
 about this, you know, he, I'm sure he's told his story, like he had a very similar situation where
 because of relationship to the relationship, like his life was saved. And so you never know, like,
 it's coming into these things not looking for something, but coming in as a servant. And as you
 have that servant's feeling and you're going into it, like it's amazing what doors open.
 And you never know what door you're gonna need or when you're gonna need it, what the thing is
 and what the, you know, I mean, like, it's, it's crazy. So, whoo. So I don't know how to wrap that up or
 how to do you need a minute. I mean, I'm gonna step in and just say, you know, take a drip of water.
 That's probably one of the most amazing stories. And I have to say that you unknowingly, maybe,
 and the reason you needed to tell that story was because we had an ongoing sort of over underbet
 on how long it takes a speaker to cry on Christopher's stage because so many people have come up and
 told stories from the depths of their heart and soul. And so I want to thank you for joining
 those of us that have joined Christopher's stage in which you have an overunder on telling an
 emotional story. So thanks for that Russell. No worries. You said a, said an environment
 where I was there. So anyway, yeah, I hope that, I hope that this was helpful for you guys.
 Again, I was like, I could go and like give you guys the foundation and step one. So two,
 so I stuff we talked about here about it. I was like, I don't want to do that. I want to
 go as possible because it's real in so many aspects of your life. And so, you know, now is the time
 and wherever you are is to start planting those seeds and start looking at who can you serve,
 who can you serve? And the more you do that, the more doors open and the more things. And,
 and it's okay eventually, because I think sometimes people are scared to ask and I would
 tease Christopher about this. Like, you know, he's been building a place with me for now. I don't
 even know three or four years. And we used to have a joke inside the office like, what's
 they gonna ask? Somebody's gonna ask something like, I don't know, maybe he's just gonna keep
 asking and ask, you know, keep serving and serving and never ask. And, and then we find
 it's like, Hey, I'm doing this thing, which would be boring. Like finally, like, thank you for asking.
 Because we know like there's always, I mean, all of a sudden, like, when I was dating my wife,
 right, I was asking her date and a date and a date and like she knows my intentions. If I had
 came to date number one, like, Hey, when we get a picture, the case, we get married, we'll have the,
 you know, like, whatever, like if I don't do these weird things along the way, it wouldn't have worked.
 But, but like everyone knows, like, we're in really like, we're in businesses, we're in things like that,
 like, like, we know what the goal is, but we're trying to fill people out to see if they're genuine
 or not, you know, it's interesting. I heard Adam Sandler talk about one time, he's like, I don't
 have very many friends. And he said, the reason why is because he's like, earlier in my career, he's
 like, I started, you know, I started having more success. Everyone would be my friend. He's like,
 I really, really quickly, they didn't want to be my friend. They wanted something from me. And
 the higher twos you get, you'll find out that happens. Like, for me, like, I don't have a whole
 bunch of friends because I don't know who my friends are a lot of times. Like, I,
 it's interesting because there was a time in my life where I thought everyone who's
 coming to me was my friend and I started giving people jobs behind. Some of these heard the story.
 I built a huge company of 100 people and I thought like they were my friends and we're here because
 of the mission and because of the vision. And when we had a hiccup and things kind of crashed,
 they all went away. And, and it was interesting because I thought that, you know, I thought that
 they were coming for that. I can't remember exactly what I was trying to go with this train of thought,
 but oh yeah. So the higher levels to understand that like their guards are up because they,
 they've been burned in the past and it's like, who's true friends? And you show up as a true
 friend where you're giving, you're serving, like, they know you want to do something with
 them eventually anyway. Like, that's in the back of their mind. But they're testing like, is this
 person, the person who's coming because they're trying to get something from me or someone who,
 who generally wants to be a friend or generally wants to help, generally wants to, to do something.
 And so it's just consistently showing up for a long time. And, you know, maybe it's not as fast
 to turn on a Facebook ad, but for the long term stability we're trying to do, it's, it's the best,
 the best thing. So anyway, I hope that helps. I hope that gave somebody something today.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again. And really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions. And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10
 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people who are on the
 podcast. And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually
 text me a message. Okay. Now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797. Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello. And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone,
 and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone. And then we start
 having conversations on top of that through this texting community. So I'm going to be giving you
 out free swag, giving away free copies of my book. I'll let you know about book signings,
 about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more. So I want to make sure you
 were on this list on top of that. Every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite
 frameworks and things. You can get for free only through my texting platform. So what you need to
 do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797. One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 and I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
