 Hey everybody, this is Russell. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. All right,
 what do you think? Do you like the keynote presentation so far? I hope you did. Hopefully
 gave you some ideas about how we grow a business using relationships and joint ventures and
 the dream 100 and give you guys some realistic expectations on how the game is played. I
 hope you guys enjoy it so far. Now at the end of the symposium, they opened up to Q&A,
 which was really fun. I had a chance to do some Q&A, answer some questions, and we kind
 of jumped all over the board. So this episode will be fun. You'll get a couple different
 perspectives on some questions. My guess is that one of the questions you're going to hear is
 a question that you're probably wondering or something maybe you should have asked and then
 you think about it. So I hope this gives you some value and you get some benefit from it.
 Once again, I want to thank Christopher Voss for allowing me to use my presentation from his
 ROR symposium for the podcast episode. If you want to follow Christopher and learn more about
 what he's doing and how to build better relationships in your business, to get more traffic, build
 more referrals and things like that, make sure you go to roruniversity.com and get on his list.
 All right, that said, I'm going to open up the third and final episode from our ROR symposium.
 We have a chance to do some Q&A with me and I hope you guys enjoy it. Thanks so much.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital
 for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson
 and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 One of my capacities today just in this hour is to be bouncer. So you all get on the velvet rope.
 I've got my clip board. I will let you go first, McCall, because I can see you on my screen.
 McCall, we got 10 or 15 minutes. So just do me a favor. People ask Russell your question
 with a certain amount of concise nature. And then he can answer it because we have one last
 thing we need to do before Russell goes and then we can wrap up this symposium. So McCall,
 go ahead and unmute yourself and ask your question.
 Hi. Okay. I don't know who's on your list next. You got to have a list of people who you are
 always trying to connect to it. I mean, I know, you've gone to Tony Robbins. Are there people
 that you're active? I mean, I know there are, but who are the people who you are actively trying to
 connect with now? Are you going to share with us? Is it a secret? Is it supposed to be a secret?
 Put out the world and then you guys can go find these people for me.
 It's interesting. And partially is kind of like where in my life, I think number one, okay,
 so partially is because I started getting obsessed with UFC during COVID. So I watch more UFC fights.
 So this will make sense in a second. Also, I'm working on my success in personal
 volume books right now so that it kind of opens up the reason why also. But the two people I really
 am looking forward to eventually is Dana White and Joe Rogan. Like those two guys are super
 fascinating to me. I don't know. And who is the first one? Dana White, who's the owner of UFC.
 Both of them, I don't agree with like, like, if you look at like our belief system, like half of
 them, like, but they fascinated me on the other half. And I have the ability to, like,
 hopefully all of us can learn is you can disagree with somebody on a lot of things and
 some other spec forms to learn from them. So for those of you, I'm really fascinated by it. And like,
 I have so many things. I'm not a very good interview, but it affects down from an hour to them. I have
 so many things I want to ask them and like, those guys fascinate me. So. Do you just do it in like
 a Kevin Bacon way where you're like, okay, the six degrees of Kevin Bacon away from Joe Rogan and
 Dana White and just like, start to eliminate? Definitely or it's like, you know, there's that
 was also like, like, is there a way I can incorporate Joe, like, how can I serve Joe Rogan? Like,
 these biggest podcasts, like my podcast is going to help him, but like, I'll put him on stage
 potentially, or there's something we could do, or what's the next like, he's going to be doing,
 like his comedy shows, like, maybe I could find out like, hey, I can help fill a show in a city
 with a new funnel and like, you know, something like that, right? Can you use my unique abilities to help
 magnify something they're doing, right? Or Dana White, like, and I don't know how it's served him yet.
 But that that would be kind of the thing in the yes, it's looking at degrees of separation. Like,
 I do know that Grand Coron had Dana White on stage. I know there's that. I know Alex Sharffman is moving
 next door to Joe Rogan. So there's those kind of things, but I'm not like, hey, Sharffman,
 do you call Joe Rogan for what's that just? So, you know, I'm not doing that because I don't want
 to be the creepy guy, but I'm like, okay, I do know, like, there's connection points and who and how
 and all those kinds of things. And then I'm also trying to pay attention to him. So like, when
 I do have a chance to meet them the very first time I can have an intelligent conversation, I
 can tell when people are prepared to meet me because they, like, today I had a guy that I'm
 intentionally interviewing for a big position. And it was in the conversation, I could do like
 little things that he asked something about wrestling. I was like, oh, how do you know what
 wrestling is like? Is that your kids wrestle? I was like, I literally just got a picture of
 Aiden on a wrestling mat last night. Like he did his homework. So we had this thing. And I was
 like, oh, he's cool. Cause you understand, like, he's paying attention. And all of a sudden, I was
 like, ah, he got me like I trust this guy now because he had that commonality. And so I'm trying
 to like pay enough attention to them what they're doing, where I can have a, nothing I have to
 agree with them, but I can like have a conversation like, Hey, I don't give this. What do you think? And
 like now we have a fact, I always sometimes agreeing with people don't create the connection
 points. Like the disagreement, we can, you can have a discussion, like that gets more fascinating.
 You can get closer to that and you ever could like, Oh, you're so cool. You know, like,
 people don't want to feel like they're being worshiped. They want to feel like an equal. So it's like,
 you get a mentally stimulating conversation with somebody that you disagree with. Sometimes that's
 the best connection. It's like, I really enjoyed, I don't have the same opinion that person. That
 was a fascinating view to look at it through, you know, and so just kind of do my homework there.
 And you know, yeah, stuff like that. Cool. Thanks, man.
 No, okay. Next what, you know, that's how rumors get started. Did you guys know that Russell's
 getting into UFC? He's gonna be using me the ultimate champion for it. Let's go. Let's go.
 All right, Daniel, you're right. I think if I was to have just retired from wrestling right
 now in my life, I 100% be like going towards UFC now I'm an old man, I can't, but I didn't
 understand fighting back. Like, did he get done competing? But if I was like, if I was graduating
 from competition right now, I had 100% meeting or trying for the UFC for sure.
 And I had no idea that you were such a pop culture reference person. I've seen you do it on stage
 a few times, but you did it in this small group. And I'm like, thank God, Russell and I have this
 in common because my immediate thought when you talked about it was you can be like the guy from
 friends when John Favre tries to be the ultimate fighting champion. He's just, he's passed his
 prime there. And he has to give up the dream. But anyway, Daniel, go ahead with your question.
 All right, first up. Thank you so much, Russell. You have been such a, it's such an honor to be
 here in the same room as you. It's because of you, you know, my mindset has switched from
 the mindset of just wanting to earn more money to serving people. I'm a school big fan of you
 and your podcast. And especially marketing in your car, that two, three rocks.
 By the way, so now I know, first off, he's paid attention, but wasn't just like, oh, I bought
 your book. He's like marking your car. So my old podcast, he paid attention to, you know, so check
 that connection point. Now I'm like, this guy's a real fan. I actually trust him even more. So very
 good for you. That was awesome. I love you, Russell. I love you so much. So your latest podcast where
 you mentioned, you know, about the reasons for entry versus the reasons to stay from Dan Candy.
 So I believe that we can also use that same framework for our dream 100 to, if yes, could you
 expand a little bit more on that for me, please? Yeah, for sure. Those who don't know the reference,
 yeah, I did a podcast about this fact right here. I'll just say this thing. Anyway, the
 general incentives are back. So there's facts that we got, which is like the facts he sent to
 the guy who bought it before me about like how the other company destroyed his brand and his name.
 And there's a whole bunch of these little nuggets. So like I shared one nugget, which was
 the difference between like why people come into your business and why they stay in your business.
 Like they're different, right? And so like, for example, like in our mastermind, people come
 like, Oh, I want to be in Russell's mastermind and they get there and they're like, Russell's not that
 cool, but all the people here are amazing. They stick because of the community of people, right?
 So it's like, I'm the hook to get him in. But it's like, this is what you're actually paying for,
 is this this amazing community, right? And Dan was talking about because for them, it's like,
 people come in because they want like the money making secret of whatever, but they stay for the
 community and the newsletter and like Dan and his thoughts and like, you know, and it's understanding
 that they come and they stick for different reasons. And so dream 100 is very similar, you know, I think
 a good practical example is like when we when we launched ClickFunnels, I was trying to find
 people that we could build funnel for free, right? So I called a bunch of like bigger name people,
 like Tony was one Dave Asprey, a bunch of people who I look up to and I was like, Hey, can I build
 you a funnel for your new book launch or for your thing or for, you know, it's like the cakes I
 wanted to like serve them like do a thing like that. But then that's how I got to know them, right?
 I had a chance to go to Boltproof Cafe and film Dave Asprey and get to know them and
 become personal within and like build a relationship. And so the hook was what got him got him to say
 yes to the meeting and to me spending half a day with him, right? But then after that,
 the relationship stuck because of the other things, that makes sense. So it's kind of the same
 things like how do I search them? That's the hook to get them in. So you have time to build
 relationships. That's the hardest thing like, you know, right now it's hard because like my
 time is so busy. It's like, how am I going to have, you know, how am I going to have time to meet
 everybody, right? So it's like, what's the hook like what's something like, you're also like
 I'm bringing this to value to you. It's like, okay, I got 30 minutes, let's figure this out. And then
 if you're in that window, if you build a relationship now, they stick for that. And so
 I think that's a lot of ways times the way you open the doors through like how can I serve you?
 For me, it's like, I don't have any talents, but funnels is one of them. So I built funnels for
 a lot of people. And nowadays, there's other people want to get ahold of, I don't necessarily
 build a funnel, but I'm like, hey, we want to migrate you over. I got team amazing people to help
 you do your thing and build it out. And that way, you know, again, we're serving them, getting it
 like, hey, now your thing's on Clickphone's platform. And then now, you know, the relationship is built.
 So I think it's probably just look at it from an affiliate standpoint.
 So you're just like going all out to serve them and just having that hollow service. And from
 the end, you build a recipe and that's how you cut the 100 relationship. Thank you so much,
 Russell. Really appreciate you. One more example. Dave, that was somebody. We were at this thing
 and we'd ask this guy, we knew it was he's like, a friend of mine, I go here at Best Buddies, you know,
 and we clicked on it was when Clickphone's first came out, we asked him three or four times,
 like, hey, you want to help us pray? And he was just like, no, no. And then Dave found out that he,
 he lives in Australia, he was flying back to Australia and he wanted this surfboard. So they
 went and bought the surfboard and then tried to give him the miss the thing. So they didn't jump in
 a car and drive make three hours to the airport to get it to him and all the stuff. And then he
 flew back to Australia, he called me, he's like, he's like, man, Dave, Dave literally like bought the
 thing I was looking for drove it to me got to me for a time. Like, now I have it here. He's like,
 I have to throw a ClickFunnels now. So Dave was the hook and I was like, Oh, like, you guys serve
 at a level that nobody else does. Like, yes, okay, now I'll do the thing and, you know, back one of
 our early promoters way back in the day. So anyway, just always looking at that. Like,
 how do you help the people out first? Amazing, amazing. Thank you so much,
 Justin. Thank you.
 Thank you. Great question,
 Janelle. And thanks for being like a real life example of what we're supposed to be doing, man.
 Russell was able to point out like three things you did right right there.
 It was amazing. All right, Jim, your next buddy, Mr. Show, go ahead and unmute yourself and ask
 Russell your question and try not to get in trouble.
 That's harsh. I'm like, cut them off. I'm just giving we, Jim and I have had a really great
 relationship. He's been helping out and he's going to, he's going to help me out with something
 a little bit. Very good.
 Yes. So I focus on live streaming because I'm addicted to it. I think that Twitch is like
 the future and I'm just trying to bring it here a little faster and to entrepreneurs in particular.
 And I love the relationships that come from it. I had a game show called Exes knows game show
 that formed amazing relationships, but it was very tight knit, small family kind of a thing.
 So like, I want to give that to the audience too. And I wanted to know if you with like you
 have the marketing secrets show and when you did that YouTube video, like I got giddy. You were
 like, you need a show. I was like, yeah, but I just want to know if you had any recommendations
 for how to make it that personal feel of being on the show, how can I give that to the audience?
 So I know what Twitch is because my kids watch video games on and stuff.
 So can you explain so I understand like you in Twitch shows, but like more like business type
 stuff or how are you? Yeah, if you go under just chatting for Twitch, they have actual shows
 and shows like talk shows, interviews, game shows, you know, like what I ended up doing.
 They have round tables and all sorts of things that are not game centric. And the audiences are
 just loving it. They're adoring it. You know, and they have things like Patreon, where you can
 take that step closer. They had exclusive content and things. So I was thinking of doing something
 more like that, but I'm not a big fan of like Patreon. I just want to give that to them anyway.
 Yeah, it's funny. We talked again, this is one thing that I don't understand how the whole platform
 works. We talked about like we should do a Twitch show where people are just building funnels all
 day long. My kids watch video games and like we talked about it a couple times. So it's interesting.
 You know, I don't, again, I haven't done it on the platform. So I don't know exactly how it would
 work. But I think conceptually the way you build communities, a couple of things, right? Number one
 is like people have to feel like they're part of something. So it's not just like a bunch of randos
 coming to an event. It's like for a fun like, what's your funnel hackers coming to an event? Like
 they're coming and it's not like they're showing up just randomness. Like this is my people. I'm
 part of this like it's a tribe. It's a community. It's like, like they're part of it, right?
 She's like family union go back and it's like all my family comes together because like we're
 family and you can talk forever. Like we've come in to family because we're family. And so we
 always try to create that. But it comes with like people identifying with the thing you're doing,
 right? Expert Secret talks a lot about this. But it's like those kind of things like how do you
 get people to self-identify? So they feel like they're part of the thing as opposed I'm going to
 watch a show. Like I'm part of this, right? When we go ClickFunnels specifically, I was like if
 people think it's Russell's company, they're not going to like it'll be a if I be successful,
 but it's not going to stop. I was like, I want people to feel like ClickFunnels is our software.
 This is our company together, right? And so you look at my language and you talk through things.
 I'm never like my company ClickFunnels. I'm like, yeah, it's a community. Like this is
 this is ClickFunnels with this community. And like, like I'm trying to make it our company,
 not my company. Because no one cares if my company succeeds or not. They care if our company,
 if our movement, if our culture, if our thing is different, right? And so it's like, how do we
 make it we instead of just you? And I think that's one reason why we've had so much success
 inside of our industries. I look at everybody else and everybody else doesn't do that. Everyone
 else is like them and about them and about the thing. And it's like we try to be us and try to make
 people feel tighter. And then you don't have to necessarily monetize on Patreon or whatever. It
 could be just like swag. Like for example, we had Daryl Eaves came and spoke at our last
 inner circle meeting and he, if you guys know the chosen, but they've done $29 million in T-shirt
 sales on the back of the chosen. So the content's completely free. Everything's free out there.
 But because the community and people want it like, like just in T-shirt sales, right? And they've
 done a lot more and other stuff. But like you think about that, it's like the entire every all
 content is completely free. But it's the community. And like, and so it's looking at like how it's
 going to monetize it. Maybe it's not a paid thing or a Patreon or whatever. But like what do you have
 swag? Is it for me? It's software, right? Like I whole goal is to get people into software eventually,
 you know, Dan Kennedy was all about newsletters like physical news is there a thing that they
 monetize. And so it's just looking at like what monetization vehicle like is exciting for you.
 And then making that the thing that you plug people into. It could be anything. It could be
 again, software supplements, it could be all of us drink the same drink supplement drink. Well,
 you know, whatever the thing is, but there's this commonality thing that ties everybody together
 with it's unique experience. In fact, like prove it's a network marketing company I've done a lot
 of work with in the past. But you know, everyone's drinking ketones and like to keep they gluteed
 the drink of their drinking is what ties this community together. And I'll ketone shirts and
 like all these things. But that's the glue that ties all the people together with all doing the
 same things for me, it's software, other people's supplements, some people's new, like whatever the
 thing is that glues the glue that tribe together. Awesome. Thank you so much. I really appreciate
 the time. Someday if I'm wrong, if I'm ever on Twitch doing the funnel hacker funnel building
 show off that foot with check out just chatting, man. It's a really, really fun. Yeah, very cool.
 Awesome. Thank you so much, Jim. That's a great question. Russell, we have three more hands raised
 than I've kind of cut it off and said that we're not gonna have any more time. So if we could just
 take the last few questions and then we'll wrap things up. Tammy, you're next. Could you please
 unmute and ask your question? Hey, Russell. I am so excited to have the opportunity. Thank you
 very much. And you had it, you mentioned something that was kind of a segue as to what I wanted to
 ask you. Had I ever got the opportunity to ask you and here it is, tell me a little bit about
 the funnel hacker t-shirt. And the reason I ask is because this is what I do. I help
 clients make connections with their clients and customers and love on them and kind of work their
 way through building these amazing relationships. And I use the funnel hacker t-shirt as an example,
 all of the time. Like, it's crazy. I don't even know if you know, do you know you can't even go on
 eBay and buy a funnel hacker t-shirt? Like, occasionally you can find one. But most generally,
 you just can't, man. I mean, you just can't find it. And so it is a coveted item that defines your
 community. It gives them a jumping off point, not because it has your logo on it. I don't even
 think that's the brilliant part of this. The reason is because you have either intentionally or not
 intentionally, you have connected with the end product of what you're delivering and people self
 identify with that to the point of they want to be what it is that you offer. And I think people
 miss that so much in the branding. I see that in my business and things that I do. People want to
 slap their logo on it. They're the first things like let's put a logo on it. And it's not about you.
 Can you speak to that just a little bit? Because 100%. So I remember going to TNC
 before we launched Proaculog. And I remember like they gave swag out and it was like, it was weird
 things like, like, one was a tuxedo and the things. I remember I got home and I had cat
 them and I just kind of threw them away and I didn't do anything with it. I remember when we
 were building swag, I didn't, I definitely didn't do this intentionally. But then after it happened,
 I realized it and then we doubled down on that. And so what we realized is that,
 100% of you said, so yes, everything you said has my mark of approval. They have to identify. So
 if they can't say I am a blank, they're not going to connect with it. So I am a funnel hacker. I am
 a bio hacker. I am a lady boss. I am a funnel builder. I am a, you can say I am a and then the
 word, that's how it is because I put it on like I'm a funnel hacker. Just a funnel hacker, but
 they have to be able to say that I am a whatever. That's why I like, expert secrets be a horrible
 t-shirt. I am an expert secrets. No, I am a click funnel. No, like, it's not going to work.
 Like it's not going to create a movement. It's like, I'm like, there, right here, Dan,
 right? I am die hard. I'm a die hard funnel hacker. Like, that's the amplification of it,
 right? Like, you wear that because that's who you are. I am a boom. And so that's what self
 identifies. And you weren't a tuxedo thing was weird. I came into the one I had. I remember
 specifically because I was like right after like a year later, something I remember thinking
 like I want swag that people would would wear. And what's crazy now is I get texts probably
 two or three times a week from friends. Like I'm in Malaysia on a little, those little
 things, little carts. And then driving down the street, there's this dude and they send pictures
 that I take you pictures like this dude in like the middle of nowhere is wearing your shirt. And
 like I get texts all it's like the craziest thing like someone that I was like, I'm in an airport
 in Singapore. I'm in Australia. I'm in New Zealand. Like all these things and they're sending
 these random shirts. Yeah, I see a bunch of guys wear them. And it's just like the coolest thing.
 And it's been spread through. So like, if you notice nowadays, like not all of them,
 sometimes they're different reasons, but almost all of our core shirts that we give away or do
 things with always like the test for me is like, can I say I am a blank if we can, sweet, if not,
 it's not going to like maybe it's something that's like a cool whatever, but it's not like a,
 it's not like a movement making something that someone who wears. And so yes, 100% agree. And
 that's why we do it. And again, I don't think I did upfront. In fact, I think it was actually
 Kaelan Poland, because we had lady or we had, we had Lady Boss, we had Funnel Hacker. And she
 didn't want her swag stuff and like a bunch of them didn't work. And then one just said,
 lady boss on it, she came back and remember in our inner circle meeting, that's what she said.
 She's like, she's like, I realized that they can't say I am a whatever. They don't self identify.
 She's like, we may have sell it, but first to sell a lot, it's like the self identification
 gets people to actually buy, wear it, you know, all that kind of stuff. So very cool.
 Thank you. Awesome. Great question. Okay, Larry, and then we've got the last two. So Larry,
 go ahead and unmute and ask your question. Thank you. Thank you. Rasso for this wonderful
 speech. I'm really excited because I started my journey three years ago with your secrets books.
 And I have read them dozens times and all the books also. So I very well know your concepts of
 dream 100 and making moments. I just want to ask you, I'm starting to make movement. It's a really,
 really small group of fearless live will get us via, they are fighting the fear of going lives and
 starting using those lives in the business. So what's your recommendation for me? I have
 finally a month and a half ago started to get some traction. I joined one comma club.
 So how to make that movement? So your people are going live like on Facebook?
 Is that what you're talking about? Yes. Yes. Inside of the group, we are practicing later.
 They are starting using that in their business. Okay. And then what type of people are you trading?
 Entrepreneurs and marketeers. Do they follow a certain like subcategory and read that?
 Well, yes. There are people who actually haven't done those lives at all, but can realize very fast
 the power of it and have to overcome that fear. I'm also introverted just like you and I have
 done 160 lives in a row just to persuade myself. And during that period, I have persuaded so
 many people. So eventually the movement gets up. That's awesome. Well, I'd be looking at like,
 you know, if I was you, it'd be like, what are these people identify as, right?
 You know, I'm called in charisma hackers. I just funnel hackers. But like, what do you people
 consider themselves? Like are they creators? Like, you know, whole creator economy is a big thing.
 Like, I'm a creator. I'm a go live creator. I'm a, you know, as a creator, they do in physical
 production, they expert. So they, you know, I look at like how they would identify themselves. In fact,
 I would even ask them like, like, hey, there's a lot of different people in this group, like,
 how do you self identify yourself and do a little quiz or survey and have them like,
 and see what the words that they're using? Because like, I didn't come up with funnel hacker,
 by the way, it's interesting. I had a webinar called the funnel hacks webinar, and we saw the
 course called funnel hacking secrets or something like that or funnel hacks, anyway, whatever it
 was. And it was someone in our forum who posted like, good morning funnel hackers, blah, blah,
 blah, blah. And I was like, that's so cool. They called themselves funnel hackers. And they're
 like, oh, and then like, we need it. And that started the whole thing. It wasn't something I came
 up with. It was like, they self, like they said it. Someone said it. I wish I knew who said it.
 Cause I'd like give them an award or something. But I had someone said it in our, in our little
 Facebook group of maybe two or three thousand people a ton. And I was just like, that's the
 coolest thing. I remember like literally calling Dylan and Todd, I was like, it is the coolest
 thing. Someone just called themselves a funnel hacker like, Oh, so I would like maybe ask
 your people and like, how would you identify yourself? Like, what are you? What would you call
 yourself? Like, even tell Mike, we're building a tribe here. Like, what should we, what should
 we call ourselves? We need a cool name and like see what the, you know, the people in the group,
 kind of what they come up with as well. So we are, we are fearless live goal getters. But
 that they like that name. But maybe, maybe I should read the read. Yeah, first,
 like, to their first, I'd go getters. So like, we're people who do funnels, like, what would be like,
 so are we go getters? Are we, are we livers? Are we a something something?
 So very cool. Congrats, man. That's awesome. In the one comic club, that's the one comic club is
 the hardest, two comic clubs, the hardest. By the way, for me does is after you get like,
 pass the two comic club, then like, it gets, there's at least for me, there's a mental block for three
 years to break that after I got it, like the next, the rest of business got really easy. But
 that's like the hardest one of that first two comic clubs. One comic club is huge. Anyway,
 you get it. It's awesome. Thank you. Thank you. You're fantastic.
 Love it. Awesome. Okay. So, we have Michael Vale, Michael, you're not on camera, but I'm sure
 you're there. Yep. Okay, I'm here. Good. I'm actually, I'm actually hiding in work. So I can't
 put the camera on. Yeah. Yeah. That's a little different question for you, Russell. I love the way
 that you include your family. And I got to meet your two kids and your wife at the whole hacking
 you'll have. And how, and I know you're trying to get your boy fed up just, just be a little bit, but
 how does this play into the relationship world? It's kind of a odd question, but, you know,
 how does it get so how does it have? Well, I mean, is that, I mean, it, I mean, I'm just one of your
 hacker, how everybody to see that and to hear your faith bring for me validity, you know, when you're
 making a static person and how does that build relationships out in the community?
 So, I think my own golden studies, like you don't track who you want, you track who you are. And so,
 initially, I used to try to, you know, get, I don't know, I've tried to get whoever into my world,
 and I would kind of hide who I was more so. And, and I got people I actually didn't like very much.
 If you've really entered the doc on Secret Book, I talk about how, like, one day I woke up and I
 hated all my customers because I wasn't being like, and I hate the cliche, like, you need to be more
 authentic. But it was literally, I was like, all right, well, I'm going to start sharing everything
 in my life. And I remember, and I started talking about my wrestling, I started talking about my
 kids, you know, back then we just had our twins. I told that story and I started my wife. And I
 just, it was crazy that I talked about these things. People who liked me started, started coming to my
 world. And I was like, Oh my gosh, I actually like these people I'm serving now, because we tracked
 who we like. And there's people who, and it was years before I was willing to talk about God and my
 beliefs there. And like, I was like, scared, like, oh, and I started doing it. It was crazy. Because
 one thing's happening, they didn't believe in God. And like, I don't care, Russell's cool for this.
 Or they were like, Oh, I'm offended because he talked about that in the left. And I was like,
 sweet, that's great that they're gone. Like, you know what I mean? And, and it's just interesting
 because the more, the more I've done it, the more like the people who we attract, I like them
 more. And it's more exciting. It's just, and so I think it's just, I don't know. And I get a question
 a lot. It's like, well, like, you scared your kids Instagram, be scared. And like, yes, it's scary.
 At the same time, it's like, this is the world we live in today. Like, it's not, you know, I mean,
 there's like, there comes a point where you gotta train your kids, you gotta do stuff, you gotta
 pray that things are gonna be safe and then hope for the best. And, you know what I mean? And so,
 I don't know, it's just, it's, it's being willing to share those things that are scary. And,
 and I'm not vulnerable to the point where I'm sharing everything about my life, but definitely,
 like, introduce people so they know who I am and where I stand and my values because
 the end of the day, like, I want more of a few around me. And I can, there's people who come into
 our world who don't have my values, but a lot of times, like, we transition, right? They come
 in, so I make money, make money, and then they keep them, we talk about this and eventually, like,
 you start thinking about things differently. It's like, and so it's just being willing and
 open to share those kind of things. And if you do it, then, you know, it'll, it'll track the right
 people. So, yeah, I think, I think for everybody, just be, be okay with that. Like, you know, like,
 and I'm gonna, Don's a great example of this, right? Don, I've seen a transformation in
 him over the last year. And I love him. I love him. However he wants to be, I don't care. And,
 my respect to me is a great friend. Like, so it doesn't matter to me. And, and it's the same
 thing, right? And some people, I'm sure you've lost friends. I'm sure you've gained friends. And
 like, who cares? Like, as long as like, this way, the people I want are gonna be around me. And that's
 amazing. And the people who are not okay with that, they're gone. And that's amazing too. Like,
 makes life so much better. And he's like, all of us is be who we want to be in. And, and
 thank you. Thank you. Awesome. Hey, can we do can we actually, um, I see Luke, Luke over here. Can we
 do one more question? Dude, you don't worry. Don't worry. He's here. I just very quickly, I just want
 to say thank you for also for that, by the way. It's my turn to cry. I made it through three days
 without crying, which is not easy for me. Losing people in my life like you was my biggest
 fear, not because of who you are, because of the stories I told myself. So thank you for letting me
 love live unapologetically and, and love myself unconditionally. I appreciate it.
 No worries, man. Hey, Luke. So, um, what you don't know about Luke yet, maybe Russell is Luke is,
 12, just turned 13 spoke on this symposium as one of the 35 amazing speakers. And did it on his
 birthday. And he courageously has raised his hand to ask the Russell Brunson a question. Luke,
 let's go buddy. Hey, Russell. I'm a super big fan. I have, I have dot com secrets. It's like
 completely stain everything because I've carried her everywhere around with me. And, uh, my brother,
 he created my kids don't think I'm cool. So if you could let him know that'd be awesome.
 My brother, he, he's a huge fan. He created his own landing page promoting your book at the age
 of seven. And so he loves, he loves you too. My question for you is how do you get credibility
 at a young age in an adult world? Oh, that's, that's a great question. Um, so I would say first off,
 you're doing it. Like the bigger thing is like in people's minds, I'm same way, like, we always
 have our minds like, I can't be successful because of blah, right? Because I'm too young. I'm too old.
 I've got like, everyone's got an excuse of why they can't do it. Um, but what's crazy is like,
 um, when I got started, like, I, as I started doing stuff, people were like, Oh my gosh,
 you're so young. This is cool. Right. And then you see, people are older. They got like,
 I think more of it's a mental thing. Like the fact you were here, like there's a whole bunch
 of speakers on here. And like, I kept seeing your face. I was like, I don't know, I want to talk
 to that guy. I want to talk to that guy the most like everyone else like all of our boring
 adults, like they're like, who cares? Like I want to talk to you. I got to fight college at the end.
 So I think it's actually like a superpower, right? Usually the things that we are afraid of or we
 think are going to be that are limiting things end up becoming our superpowers, right? And I
 think it's just leaning into it and being okay with it. Um, because most of that is just in our head,
 like thinking like, I can't do it because of blah, blah, blah, blah. I can't do it. And everyone's
 got an excuse that I got, I still, my, this day have tons of excuses. Like I can't do it because
 I talk too fast or, you know, I'm not as cool as somebody else or blah, blah, blah, you know,
 we all have these same things. I think it's just like understanding that like that's actually a
 superpower. The fact that you're young and you haven't success and you're doing these things
 is going to attract more people to you. More people going to want to have you speaking at their
 events, more people going to, you know, no lens. I don't know if you know, no or yet. But he was,
 I think, I think he was like 11 or 12 when he somehow figured out my voxer ID and hacked into my
 voxer ID and started messaging me. Um, and at first, you know, like, anyway, I was just like,
 there's this young kid messaging me and I didn't, I don't know. I was scared. Like, if I started,
 I respond back or not because of my open somewhere conversation. And then like, he's, I should show
 you the message is so funny because he's like, Hey, Russell, I found an error on your funnel.
 Here's the fix. Send it to your tech guy and send to me. I was like, what? What 11 year old kid,
 like founded era or anything in the sense of me, right? And then the next day, he's like, Hey,
 Russell, you talked about the things that built an entire funnel that you could use to give your
 audience just as a gift. Here's the share funnel link. If you want to use it, if not, that's really
 cool as well. And then something else he's like, Hey, I took your sales page. I think I got a
 better hooks. I rebuilt it. Feel free to a B split test and he got the same of these things and
 eventually I'm like, who are you? And we started talking and he's a young kid, same kind of thing.
 And then like, his story was so cool. And he enters, I didn't do so much people and he enters
 himself. And like, he spoke one of our events and just all these doors got open because he was young,
 right? If he was, if he would have been a 35 year old dude, I would have, I was able to block
 everything, you know, because he was young, I was curious and it opened up all these things. And so
 I would just lean into it and realize that what you have is youth is a superpower. It's not a
 negative thing at all. And people are going to see you and just be like blown away by what you're
 doing and just keep doing it. And anyway, so hope that helps. I really appreciate it. Thank you so
 much, Russell. No worries. Thank you. So Luke, I don't know if you know, but Russell has this
 really awesome event. I know personally that he said a number of times that behind Funnel Hacking
 Live, it's his favorite. If not a dead heat for his favorite, it's called unlock the secrets and
 it's a family driven event. And if you were able to go to the one that happened in I think Denver
 in 2019, but is there a rumor that you're going to do another one, Russell? Is that
 we have one coming up? So Luke, if you want to message my team, I won't invite you and your
 family. Yes, can come to it. It's awesome. It's going to be in Arizona. Where are you from?
 I'm in Canada. Canada. Okay. Well, if you can break out of Canada, it's in Arizona, I think in June
 of this year. So message Chris or someone who you can connect you with that with my assistant and
 we'll give you your family tickets if you want to come to it. Yeah, it's a family. We did it. We had,
 I think we had three or 400 like teenagers there and it was like the coolest experience ever and
 this year's going to be even cooler. So Russell, do you have time for me to tell one quick anecdote
 before we do something for Chris? Yeah. The anecdote is about a lot of the secrets. And number one,
 I'm a huge family person. And so I love the fact that during that event, you light up in a different
 way and taking pictures of you, you make different faces, you act a little differently just because
 you're nurturing what you love about life in children. And it's so fun to watch two things.
 I watched a person, a young man sitting at the corner of one of the edge of the rose. And he was
 furiously typing and doing stuff. And I kind of looked at his mom and she goes, yeah, and she kind
 of did this thing. And I was like, what? And she goes, he's building another funnel. And I'm like,
 Oh, another funnel. And I was like, and I have a picture, he turned it around. And he had his
 click funnels page open and he scrolled it for me. He had dozens and dozens and dozens of funnels
 that this like 11 year old had had designed himself. And then Noah, my interaction with him was when
 I was photographing him on stage, you allowed people to ask some questions of the panel. And they said,
 Hey, I'm just curious, what do you charge to build a funnel? You remember this?
 This is the best you want to tell everybody? Yeah, he's like, actually, I don't charge people
 for funnels anymore. I only trade for equity. Uh huh. He's like, I don't charge hourly. I only do
 it for equity. And I was literally like, this kid is my idol now. He's not he like, he's not even
 in high school. And he doesn't do it for hourly wage. He only does it for equity. So Luke, if I
 have the honor and pleasure of seeing you and unlock the secrets, I can't wait to see your funnel.
 And you can tell me that you're you want equity in my company to help me with something.
 I'm super excited. I love how much you appreciate you. My kids actually told me this this morning.
 I drive into school and Ellie's like, Dad, you were at least a year. You're the least mature adult
 that we know or something like that. I think that's amazing. It's the Peter Pan quote, right?
 We have to get older, but we never have to grow up. That's all there is to it. Hey, Christopher,
 as we wrap up, I'm sure you're gonna have words for Russell. I'm gonna have a few myself,
 but I need to find you in my list. There you are.
 I'm tired. Just give him a break.
 He is. He's probably sleeping. Hey, buddy. How you doing?
 Doing blown away, blown away. Christopher, do me a favor. I'm sure Russell has very busy and
 important things to do. He's graced us with 90 minutes of his time. Now that we were able to
 surprise you with this, thank Russell for his time. And thank you. What do you have to say to Russell
 before he goes and we wrap things up. Thank you. Thanks for being here. And this is a
 dream come true. This is not the last symposium for return relationship. This is a, I call this a
 movement, not just an event. And it just means the world to me, Russell, to have your support.
 And to have everyone support, everyone that came out to speak and all of you came out to attend.
 I want people to think differently about how they build relationships. I think
 this is something that's a need. And I can't wait for all of you to go away from here and take
 everything that you've learned and apply it and change your lives. And Russell, you mentioned it.
 When you told the story about Dave, what a great, what great news that we got about Dave.
 He's an incredible individual. I look up to him about as much as I look up to you. And
 I already thank you publicly, but yeah, relationships saved my life. I'm here
 putting on the symposium because I met you and I never would have what Matt Wallace Nelson,
 if it wasn't for meeting you and relationships, the foundation for everything in your life. And
 just thank you, Russell, for being here and supporting me in my first symposium. It means the
 world to me. Thank you and all of you. Thank you.
 Where's Matt proud of you for doing it. It takes a lot to put some of his together and to
 have the vision and everything. So proud of you, man, for doing it. And it's just the beginning,
 not the end. This is the beginning of, I think, your business, your movement and everything. So
 proud of you and love you, man. Love you, too. Everybody wave at Russell. Thank Russell. Russell,
 thank you, man, for being here. We appreciate you so much. We'll see you again soon. Thanks,
 everyone. Thanks, Russell.
 Hey, everybody. This is Russell again. And really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions. And right now, I'm spending anywhere between 10
 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people who are on the
 podcast. And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually
 text me a message. Okay. Now, the phone over in your text is 208-231-379-7. Once again, it's 208-231-379-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello. And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone.
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone. And then we start
 having conversations. On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving
 out free swag, giving away free copies of my book. I'll let you know about book signings,
 about times I'm coming to your local area, and a whole bunch more. Just want to make sure you
 are on this list. On top of that, every single day, I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite
 frameworks and things. You can get for free only through my texting platform. So, what you need to
 do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797. One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 and I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
