 What's up everybody this is Russell again, so
 Weird and some fun stuff and there's a lot of cool places we're producing
 Interviews and just other cool stuff that some of you guys who are hardcore podcasts listeners probably never have a chance to hear and so
 because you know this summer I have a lot of vacations and things I'm leaving to and times are gonna be gone
 I may have a chance to record podcast interviews and I want to try to get at least three episodes a week to you guys
 I'm gonna start finding some really cool things that have been published in different spots and bring them to you here on the interview
 And should be kind of fun and should keep you guys engaged on special on my way on my long trips in fact
 I'm thinking about later this summer. I'm gonna be gone for two weeks is actually giving you guys access to a product that we've been selling for years
 It's six interviews. I did with a guy who made a hundred million dollars in 23 months selling
 Supplements through direct mail and it's one of the most fascinating interviews in my life
 I'm thinking about putting that as an episode and a bunch of other things
 So that's kind of game plan for those who are hardcore listeners. I'm gonna keep giving you guys good stuff in between all the regular
 Podcasts episodes now these things will only be found through the podcast. They won't be on YouTube or any other places
 So that's why it's essential for you guys to be listening to the actual podcast. So that said the episode today
 I wanted to share with you guys. This is actually the end of my book launch and
 Those of you who have ever launched a book especially the way we did it know it's a lot of work
 It was months of prep work on top that we had four event five
 No, one two three five five events that happened during the book launch
 So we had the actual book launch then we did the virtual book tour and it was a lot of stuff and the very end of it all
 It was kind of ending and Jim Edwards who does funnel Fridays with me every Friday asked me want to do funnel Fridays
 I was like no man
 I'm too tired and he's like well can I just get on and just I say I just I have some questions
 I want to ask you and he's like
 So if you're in a typical funnel Friday kind of jump on we just do Q&A and I just ask you some questions
 I think be valuable for everyone and I'm so tired
 But I was like yeah, let's do it'll be kind of fun
 And it was it was one of my favorite interviews I've ever done
 It was about 30 minutes long and
 He talked about a lot of things like one of them one of the main questions was like why why is getting my message out so important?
 Why like why Russell you killing yourself you have enough money?
 You have enough things like why are you doing this?
 He also talked about like how I'm able to ask me questions about having able to get so much done in a single day
 What keeps my how do I keep my energy up and just a bunch of other really cool things?
 So I thought this was really valuable and for those who didn't have a chance to watch it on funnel Fridays
 I thought it'd be it'd be really cool up so if you guys to hear some of those questions
 That were asked to me by a close friend in kind of unique situation and in circumstance and so I'm gonna share
 After the intro after the marketing secrets intro here. I'm gonna let you guys listen in on
 This 30-minute interview with Jim Edwards and I talking about some of the cool stuff that I think will have a big impact on you
 So with that said
 Hope you enjoyed this episode
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Because we're live we're totally live. What's up, man? Hey, I'm getting ready for the new despicable me three movie
 They casted you and grew this time they did they did I wanted to be his his brother
 But they just said I could be grew
 Enough of that
 Welcome to photo Friday, man. How you doing? I'm doing great. This is our for those of you keeping track at home. This is the
 30th that's three zero or
 Yeah, whatever. I don't know whether I'm forward or backwards. This is our 30th episode of funnel Friday
 So we decided to do something a little different
 And so we decided to do a Facebook live and come on in kids
 We're gonna talk a little bit about just kind of what's going on in life
 And then I've been totally amazed by Russell's launch
 of expert secrets which I'm working very hard and turning into scripts to go into funnel scripts and so I
 Thought and we thought sorry not just me
 But we thought that it'd be cool to get an update on how things are going because Russell's been going nuts with doing all of his live
 I was gonna say preaching his life teaching. I've had everything that's going on
 That's right. Here you go. Here's how it works. Okay, and turn the page
 I keep telling everybody that that's funny though
 We get on here and now I've taken to start giving people page numbers when we're talking about funnel scripts and stuff
 You know on page 73
 Yeah
 This is actually the fifth of the hooks that you need to know so I mean even on funnel scripts
 I'm starting to put the
 I'm starting to put page numbers where they can read all the background to go with the script and people are digging it
 So how's it how's it going with the book launch? I know that the you know the affiliate things ending on Sunday and
 So you've been going nuts. You look like you could leave use about three weeks worth of sleep. So what's happening?
 It's been great
 first off, thank you everyone for like hanging out participating and being part of it and it's been it's been insanely fun
 And it's been very tired the exhausting is as we just talked about
 But it's been super rewarding and feeling it's fulfilling. I mean it's been interesting like
 And just off camera before you start Jim asked me like why he is going so hard
 And it's been interesting because like I was gonna count like this is January
 It's been insane with January the end of January the certification meant for sure by partners
 Then we had the next week on our first ever funnel hack fun event for in circle members two weeks later
 We had fun hacking live then we had a couple of their circle and another circle and the next for seekers launch and then
 last week we did the whole
 this week we did the whole like
 extra seekers nastier class next we have another fan event and
 It's just like it's been a lot and I'm tired but like it's been it's been there's something about momentum and and
 The I don't know like I feel like you like you launched to give us momentum that dies
 It's like I kind of want to keep right because because I've got a message
 I'm trying to get out to the world and I don't want it to stop and I know that is that what is that message?
 my message for entrepreneurs that we can and you can like
 literally change the world
 to what you do and
 I feel like the momentum
 I don't want to stop and I'm very I remember here with Tim Ferris one time talking to how he's 14 minutes
 And he was 15 minutes of fame and how much he's enjoying it
 I kind of feel that same way like I get that and I'm a but while the iron taught
 I want to want to affect so many people's we can't believe in what I'm doing and but we're all doing and so it's
 It's been fun. I hope you guys are all enjoying it
 I'm definitely today. I'm a lot less meetings than in a passout on the floor at home or somewhere here in the little bit
 Just kind of kind of catch up
 But I wanted to hang out and do our 30 episode of final Fridays and hang out a little bit just catch them
 It'll be this episode be a little different rock gonna be in click photos of funnel scripts
 Just because we're on be live with some issues with Google hangouts this morning
 So we can't show anything but do you met a cool idea for a fun show today?
 We've got a lot of you guys watching in so we should have anyway, I'm excited man. So
 That's kind of what's happening. So what's the status of the of the books of the of the where are you as far as?
 Sales and and all that good stuff just curious. I just try to refresh the page and the stats keep crashing
 So
 Three days ago we passed 50,000 I think we're around 52,000 books. I think is kind of where I believe we're at which is crazy like
 Yeah, it took us it took us over a year to sell that many of the dot-com seekers book with like consistently pushing for a year
 And if you guys watch the live show I've been all last week the coolest thing for me was like the
 the virtual book tour we did we're like three and a half million people have watched a video of us talking about
 the book throughout this virtual book tour, which is like it's not like
 And the thing is that is so far beyond what?
 You know like a best-selling author like you think about like a New York Times best-selling author
 They sell depending on the time of year between what five and ten thousand books
 That's that's how you become a New York Times bestseller. So you have done like ten times that
 what it takes to be a New York Times best-selling author and all the things that you just blown it out of
 Just totally blown it out of the water yet. Just like Rodney Dangerfield you get no respect from the New York
 How do you feel about that
 It's like the last the first book we launched dot-com seekers I try to get a New York Times list
 I try to play the game
 There's a whole algorithm and stuff and we sold I think we've doubled made books as we needed to sell
 We didn't get it and I was like you know what?
 I started realizing like what was my purpose in wanting that and like the only real purpose was vanity
 So I can be like I'm a New York Times best-selling author, which is pretty cool like it
 This one says that I'm like oh, that's so cool. Yeah, but it doesn't I don't think it helps serve more people
 It's this time around I was like we could go and try to do it again
 Or we could just try so much of books and get in people's hands
 Which is more important and like the real purpose behind it and so I've had
 To abandon you, which I'm not gonna lie like I really wanted that title of I'm just gonna put on the shelf
 We're gonna focus on this and and that's the goal
 That's the way that you think about this though the whole reason why anybody wants to be a New York Times best-selling author is so that then they can go
 Speak they can build up coaching and consulting clients and they can use it to promote their business
 You've already speaking everywhere
 You've already got like a waiting list of people that want to pay you 25 grand a year to have you coach and consult with them
 And you've got a huge business. So
 Man, I think you're really past that
 Really want to know
 Yeah, we should just go to New York Times
 Or to go to New York and sell biceps and a New York best-selling author then like people will think they'll just stand out time
 Outside the New York New York Times building
 Picture-taking you know like this like when everybody everybody who goes to pizza in Italy
 Things that they're the only person when they're on their way
 They're like when I see the leaning tower pizza take a picture of me like this and then you walk up like oh watch me
 I'm gonna drop it and there's like 300 people with 25 different languages going ah take my pizza right now
 And then you're like okay do it anyway, just don't get any of them in my picture
 Exactly
 Now I think I think it's amazing what what you guys have done with this book
 And I want to talk to you about how you're able to do this kind of stuff
 That was the second part of what I wanted to talk to us about on funnel Fridays because we can talk about pimp my funnel
 Or help my funnel sucks or we can build a funnel in 30 minutes
 But I thought after 30 episodes would be cool for people to kind of understand more about you know
 What motivates you and gets you going?
 And somebody just made a really good comment. What's your local newspaper in Boise?
 Know it is here
 Totally destroyed it, you know, whatever the the newspaper is in Boise
 I want you to go down there and have them give you an award, you know the Boise Beacon bestseller
 So Bronson Boise Beacon bestseller and you know what you could do is just take out a one-page ad if you don't know
 The paper, I mean just pay him a thousand bucks to run a full-page ad that you're the Boise Beacon bestseller. There you go
 I totally lost oh, I know what I wanted to say. Okay, so what I want to let everybody know as far as from funnel scripts
 We've got three cool things in the works with funnel scripts aside from turning
 Expert secrets into funnel scripts which they should be available by the end of June
 We have added
 Two new features with a third feature on the way
 This is super cool and I'm geeking out of it
 And if I'm the only one that's excited well, then I'm excited
 But to make it easier for people to use funnel scripts on their tablets or even on their phones
 Like if you're sitting somewhere and you're using funnel scripts on your tablet this will work on your computer, too
 but
 It was kind of hard to save the output
 So what we've done now is we have the ability for you to email yourself the output of any one of the
 funnel scripts and
 You can email yourself the project file for each funnel script now
 So that if you're using on your tablet you can email yourself the project file and it's in there now you can go play with it
 I'll make a video on it
 Soon to show you what to do
 But you can email yourself the project file that way you could load you could play with it on your tablet or your phone
 Then when you get home to your computer you could load the project file in and
 Do whatever you want on your PC or whatever?
 It's just two really neat little usability things and then the third thing that we're gonna be adding and this is what's gonna
 Be super cool because everybody says in funnel scripts one of the things that helps them is effective examples
 This was brought home to me in the recent survey that we did in the last training
 We're gonna add a feature where at the top of each one of the funnels
 There's going to be excuse me each one of the funnel scripts
 We're gonna have example funnels in various different
 Categories and you'll be able to click them and it will auto load into the funnel script
 So that you can not only see the example
 But whack the button you can adapt the example if you've got something similar
 But you can actually see it in action see the outputs see the questions actually filled out
 So it'll make it easier for you to model the copy and get the best out of that
 so it's not just looking at some example it's actually being able to load an example into the script and play with it and
 Adapt it
 Which I think is going to be massively cool and useful for people so yeah
 Yeah, it's funny when we first started this project you told me right I'm gonna keep making this better and better and like
 And I thought you met by you and had five or six new scripts
 You think you had like 500, but then like just all the technology side of the keys getting better metters
 Well, which is super cool. So we're committed to making this thing awesome
 Yeah, and we're using it and having fun. It's it's really cool
 So y'all get in there and play with it and if you're not a member of funnel scripts yet available at funnel scripts comm
 It's be only because you hate money or you've never heard of funnel scripts before now
 You've heard of funnel scripts
 So you need to go to fun scripts comm and join and if you're a member of funnel scripts
 You need to log in and use the tool because otherwise you what Russell you hate money you hate money. That's right
 Okay, so that's our little update for funnel scripts. It's really cool
 I mean we're obviously working for you, but now I want to I want to take like I don't know ten minutes
 And I want to ask you Russell because you are you are doing this
 How do you?
 Juggle being a father of five right you got five kids right cool kids ever your wife seems to still like you
 Your employees are always smiling when I see you
 You're doing if you look at that board back there guys right behind Russell's head
 That dude does more in a week
 Then most people do all year this year
 He is gonna do more than most people do in their entire
 careers think about that
 Launching a book launching a new business doing all these events
 The things that you're doing in a week are the things that people lead up to for an entire year
 Okay, what how just mentally?
 Okay, first question. How do you actually have energy to do that?
 How can can you get up in the morning and and just keep trucking all day without the use of illegal substances?
 Maybe are you legal?
 Wow
 So
 So from the energy side
 It's kind of a couple things because even it's funny like like energy is like
 Toya Robbins talk about our event like some people think it's like food is energy and it's part of that like part of just like
 It's mental. It's like your excitement
 It's like how to get into state and if you have been to my problems
 But one of the biggest things to teach you like how to get in the state. It's like
 Most of us including me like I woke up this morning and at 545 my long enough
 I was just like I'm so tired like like the last thing the world one who was like get out of bed and actually do something
 But then like I got amazed me like Dave Woodward
 I looked my phone and he already messaged me like I'm on the way now. It's so excited to work out this morning
 I was like I gotta wake up so it's like okay. I get up so I get up and then I come out there
 He's excited. It's like I'm excited. So it's like like I don't have energy at 6 in the morning
 I we shouldn't it's not normal, but like you create it's like so it's like learning how to get in state
 So it's like we got there create music up like try to get excited and it's like
 Okay, now you're in a state where you can actually do it and I think that
 One of the biggest other from 20 Robbins was just state control
 So it's like when I do something I try like get into a state because like half time to do stuff that sucks
 Like we don't always do the fun things
 But it's like you have to control you're like you have to learn how to master that and it's not that hard when you like
 If you if you're 20 Robbins, but it's like calls the triad like there's three things
 It's your it's your physiology. Take your body like how you're moving like if I was like this like hey Jim
 Because I feel like I feel like this right now. Just so everyone knows like I feel like this if I came like this
 We all be like yeah, that's like first step is physiology
 I put my shoulders back and I smile I look up and I like just like if I move like you can't help but like feel better
 I'm like just like such a little physiology number two is like what you're focusing on so folks
 I'm like I don't know time this sucks versus like we've got hundred ninety three people listening to us right now Jim
 What would people give that one hundred eighty people listen like I look at that number I say a comment and like I
 Think I'm focusing on 500 bucks for a course on how to do it. I'm just playing
 We think like it's so excited like this morning that I was like seeing a bed still
 I'm sure I see the thing from Marlin Sanders
 He's like someone I look up to like crazy and he was posted like if you see the last nine hours
 And he's like going off get excited. I was like he's excited
 I'm excited about focusing on exciting things which makes more excited and then the last thing is meaning like
 That's the third step in trying to the meeting you attached to the thing that you're trying to do
 It's like what's the meaning like why am I doing this and there's no meaning then you're right?
 Like it's hard to like if you know, there's not a purpose. It's hard to have it so Tony taught me that
 Six seven years known since first events like those three things and he's like and if you own a Tony event
 Like they're long you start in the morning you go to like four o'clock in the morning like all day all night
 No bathroom rates don't drink breaks. No nothing. It's like it's four in the morning three days in you wash your voice
 You have a shit and swims he's not you jumping around and you're like how many three days?
 How do I still feel good? It's like you understand that it has nothing to do with that
 It has to do with those three things and so I try like when I'm attacking something to like remember that day
 Okay
 Here's just this task that sucks. I can get
 Or I can be like okay. My body is safe in my mind
 I've got what am I focusing on what am I you go three things and then like when you tack that thing?
 It's it's more it makes it fun and it's easier and then like it just goes faster right at home at night
 Like I don't I don't work more hours than most people
 I don't think like I'm working nine to five like that's kind of a normal thing and when I go home
 I try to like okay like last night
 My it was my daughter's last soccer practice and so we're all gonna go play soccer
 So like the last soccer practice like the parents versus the kids and I was like I'm so tired
 Like I don't want to play soccer but I get home and I was like I see her and little cleats and she's super excited
 I was like alright
 So I was like how do I get to stay for this experience because if I'm not I'm gonna miss it and it's gonna be depressing and like and
 I'm gonna be a bad dad and then I'm gonna be more depressed and like this whole cycle so I'm like okay
 I've done hours go play soccer with my kids. I gotta like be a state and so like I just
 Got in the state of excitement and then when we played and it was amazing with so much fun
 And it was like the cool thing now like that nine went to bed like with that cool memory as opposed to like the depression of like I can do it
 right, you know
 so that's a big part is just like I think like learning how to control the state of the thing right before you attack it and
 Then and that's part of it
 The next piece is like said like we all have to sing on hours the day. I just
 During those hours I'd hear like I'm trying to just go crazy
 So you're making a conscious choices to how you're gonna use the resource of time
 And you've got something in that bottle. What's in the bottle?
 This is blue so I
 Did I feel back because my whole life I was very anti caffeine and then we launched clickfunnels
 We pull these like all nighters every every night for like two months or like two weeks to tie with Todd and Dylan and they were drinking caffeine and
 They were tired. I always was it's a one day I had like
 It was like a pre-workout because I don't drink coffee or near that so I had pre-workout. I was like, I'm not tired
 They have a mild caffeine addiction which helps everyone smile so this is
 One of my friends has a company called Rhino rush. This is
 These little things he has that tastes like candy and make you wake up. So this helps too
 That's cool. So how do you how do you stay balanced as far as?
 I'm gonna ask this the this may not come out right so because we're just kind of talking
 but I've seen in the past a lot of guys and
 Gals who haven't been nearly as successful as you
 That turn into complete jackasses once they get really success. No, no, you we've seen these people
 It's like you you see him, you know when you first meet him and they're on their way up
 They're everybody's friend and and they'll talk to you at seminars and stuff and then five years later
 They're you say hey, what's up? And they look at you like
 You know get away, but you're you're nicer now than you were back then so
 But I mean, how do you how do you stay grounded with being Russell Bronson?
 So funny here from Jim Edwards. I'm like you're Jim Edwards
 I gotta go clean a chicken coop later today, dude. I don't know your job
 No, I think I think the reason why is that I am fully fully fully aware that this is not Russell Bronson like this
 This is not me. I
 Was a piece in it
 I just happen to be the one that's like the faces in front
 So I get a lot of the credit which I don't think credits always do there like there's so many people that make this happen
 It's interesting. I was I remember I thought built and crashed my company. I think three three big times all the time
 but three were like
 like I had like
 Consulted the bankruptcy lawyer luckily I never made crap, but it was like close twice anyway
 but I remember I met this guy who's built all these big companies a little while later and the first thing
 I tell me your story about like your jersey kind of holding the ups and the downs and he was like oh good
 You cycle that I might what does that mean?
 He's like he's like you failed in you both of us and you crash that call cycling and he told me
 He's like I won't work in entrepreneur an entrepreneur. Let's say cycle at least once and first time I was like
 That sounds way better than failure. I like that so I cycled twice and then but he made a good point. He's like he's like a lot of times like
 Entrepreneurs especially the first time you do it like this whole thing's happening
 and you think that you were like God's gift to the world
 You're the greatest thing in the world and then the first time you cycle you realize that like there are so many conditions that make things
 Possible and like anything amazing happens. It's not because you are amazing
 It has to hard work and hustle all kind of stuff, but it's like there's so many
 There's so many things that aren't in your control and it's like
 those things will be taken away so fast and right um, you know I look at I look at just
 What's happened in the last two and a half years for us like it was like 10 years me trying a bunch of stuff
 Meeting some amazing people along the way and then became this perfect storm of like
 Todd Dickerson having the ability to be able to build clickfunnels Dylan Jones having the ability to build the editor
 Me having the ability to build the market and then even with that said like it was the tiny thing
 We are so blessed on the timing
 We started building click funnels when the word funnels wasn't sexy and I look at just the history of like everything like that
 January in the middle building clickfunnels Ryan dice and Perry Belcher did this traffic conversion so much 2,500 people
 They talked about funnels the entire thing and funnels became the sexy byword and everyone was became fun
 We were so consultants and for the next like six months like funnels became the sexy thing in the world while we're building quick funnels
 and Todd and Dylan I like
 like this is becoming like a cool thing and then all of a sudden like like timing was like so perfect
 I was like it came out and like holy crap this thing was perfect and
 Even if there's time to this involved there's all sorts of things there's but I know every single day
 I've been through business cycles where everything's going good and like I'm fully clear that tomorrow strike could shut down my accounts and this
 Like I could be in a whole world of hurt. You know last
 Early this week everything's going good Instagram shut me down like and then luckily they brought it back
 You know and then like but like we're so much at the mercy of so many different things
 And so I try to have diversity everything so I've learned that you know nothing else
 but it's like say you got like you've gone tomorrow and like
 It has nothing how smart I am like it has nothing with me. It's not me. It's well
 I think you're a good
 I
 think that you are an excellent
 example though because it's
 the human it's a combination of the humility and the experience to
 Because you wouldn't have recognized that opportunity if you couldn't get out of your own way and then you've you've had enough
 experience to be able to see how
 Todd and
 And everybody else could come together to create something that would that would
 Fill that market need
 But when you start believe and you're the only one with the ideas and you're the one that has to make it happen
 Then that's when nothing happens and you have the quick and fast crash and burn
 So that's really to be commended. So last question
 What I share one quote this is my favorite I probably
 And it kind of because I think I mean I I put in my dues for ten years before like this opportunity was ready
 And I'm not the first person trying to build a click funnels
 I tried to build it three times and fail like they can't write like I don't have people try like it's not like I was like
 I've had some
 Some guy was telling us people that he was going to give me the idea for quick funnels
 I'm like dude like I tried to build click phones three times
 One person is called click calm calm sick times called click fusion calm their time is called click phones calm
 Mike this was my third time. I'm trying to spike seven years, right?
 And you know what like no one gave me that year for click like it wasn't like my idea
 It was everybody's idea. Just we happen to have been the ones that executed on correctly, but so church Winston Churchill
 He said to each other comes in a lifetime that spoke special moment
 They're figuratively capped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing
 You need to them and finish their talents what a tragedy at that moment finds them unprepared and unqualified for that
 Which could have been their finest hour?
 And I also feel like you know those ten years of me preparing and trying and learning and failing all the all stuff
 And then like it was because I had prepared that also is like hey, here's this really cool opportunity. You're ready for it and
 I'm so grateful for like I wake up every morning. I can't believe that this is like
 This is the thing I get to do like
 Anyway, it's just it's the closing the world. That's awesome and you know you think about how you and I kind of came to create
 Funnel scripts was just a series of little teeny events
 That seemed totally unrelated that that it just blossomed into this tool that thousands of people are using now to go along with
 Clickfunnels. I mean
 We met ten years ago had lunch kind of sort of talked we were both not real
 But it's hard to believe guys, but we're also we're we're each not really like hyper social. We're super
 The same thing
 So we saw each other on the marketers crews and didn't even talk
 And then and then I got his book and I read his book and I got it
 So I got it somewhere. It's like right here. I keep holding it up whenever we do. Oh, here it is
 So I mean it's all marked up and stuff and I and I said Russell
 This thing's awesome man
 I mean I sent him a message on Facebook and so that just kind of happened and and he had had the idea and I had the idea
 At the same time, but I knew how to put it together and he didn't have time
 So that's where click funnels or funnel scripts came from. Hey, I'm trying to take credit for clickfunnels
 I'm gonna tell you that this book is better and the reason it's better is because it's it's almost like this book should have come before this book
 Because once you go through this book then this book makes more sense if that makes sense and it's not a cut
 It just is but I'm telling you if you want to become an expert
 And you want to have I mean I was I spent a good friend of mine who whom you know who I will not say his name on here
 Just because I don't want to embarrass him, but I spent 20 minutes this morning
 Explaining to him why he needed to read this book and this is somebody who's been in business online for 15 years because he's all scattered
 And it's it's what is going to bring you success
 Going forward online and offline. Okay is not being a jack of all trades
 It's being the best person you can be
 Who is known for what you are known for and you carve out your own blue ocean
 And maybe i'm answering the question i'm leading up to asking you
 But but why for somebody who's you know got the book and then they haven't read it or or they're just they're
 Hesitanted they're feeling you know who am I to be an expert who am I to hold myself out there because you lay out the whole blueprint
 on how to become the expert in your own
 World and carve it out, but but why should people do this now russell?
 Why can't they just go be an affiliate market or i'll go, you know, just throw up funnels to sell, you know oil for
 for mechanical chickens that I buy in in giant
 Lots from jina. Um, you know, why is this so important for everybody to to execute what's in this book?
 Yeah, I you know, I think these things I've been in a lot of businesses a lot and I try to a lot of stuff and it's like
 I think I mentioned yesterday in life since i was like after you make like first million bucks
 Like for me i was like if i make a million bucks and like you make it and you're like wow
 I still gotta go to work tomorrow. Well me. Yeah, you're like your wife just wants to take the garbage out
 Like your friend's doesn't care your parents are still like oh nice. So what you know
 You find out really quick that it doesn't matter but the one nice thing that money does is it gives you the ability
 You're on to act out of fear because it's like you have these base needs met
 um, and I don't have to believe like they people ask like what it like
 Rough what's your mission and it's funny because like i'm teaching entrepreneurship and business and things like that
 But like that's not my real mission my mission is that if i get you guys
 everybody to spot where they're stable and like
 They're doing that
 My real mission is the expert secret stuff because then when you're not fear like fearful
 It's kind of like the whole mass of hierarchy needs right like like he's
 You know like first you have to have food and then you have food you have to have water and then you have to have shelter
 And then when those needs are met then it's like oh cool now we can like do cool stuff
 And it's like when you're at this financial needs are met
 You know stress set on the next paycheck and things like that
 Then like you can shift your focus to like other people
 And like the faster you can get to that point the better
 So like I the tool the vehicle that I use it and here's complete transparency
 The vehicle i'm using to influence you guys is business because I think it's the fastest way to get a stable ground
 I don't really care about your businesses that much. I care about the impact that you can have in other people
 Um, and that's like honestly why I do what I do because when you're a stable ground and you're stressed out about finances
 And now you're looking around and thinking like how can I help people so you guys it's like
 Like this Kenya thing that we do right like there's a reason why we go to Kenya and help these little kids like
 Some of you has financially can help there some guys maybe that financials not can make sense
 But it's like you can create a course helping whatever like I got a call from someone that's um yesterday that I
 Insane amounts respect for that that came to me and asked why I'd be helping if I would be more than help with this project that's
 um helping uh free
 Children that uh that are caught in sex slavery and uh, and I was up all night last night like looking at studying like how can I help this
 Organization help free these kids. It's just like
 like you can do so many like these talents these tools and things that we're doing like they're cool, but like
 but like
 They they're means to an end it means to get you guys all above ground like head above water so you can go and serve people and like that's
 That's honestly not like all I really care about that's why this book is so cool because
 It's gonna get you like here's the platform here's everything you need to get your your needs met
 But then it's like now like your message is what really matters like that's that's gonna have the impact on the world that I care about and that
 You guys really care about and this business entrepreneurship and vehicle that gets you guys to be able to do that
 So that's that's really why I do what I do
 That's awesome and that's why
 Is
 Help people to hand support yourself in the process. I mean that's a cool thing
 You can live your purpose if you get Russell's book
 And I'm assuming that you all have it already, but if they don't have it yet Russell, where can they get it?
 You like did you like that transition? Oh
 There you go
 Uh, yeah, yeah loud. I hope you get a book like it's it's
 And you mentioned like expert secrets should come first and it didn't because like I wasn't ready for it
 I could like keep I feel like
 Anyone read the book like it took me 10 years to be prepared to write the accident
 Doc on seekers book took me an additional to be able to understand
 To be able to do the the expert secrets book and it's like I put my heart and my soul and my life into it
 Um, and it's the goal was to be tool for you guys. So I hope that you guys look into that way take it and um
 And that's that's my that's my role goal for everybody. So use it
 You can get influenced by other people and um, it's it's exciting. So
 Yeah, I would say that this was a very successful 30th episode of funnel Fridays
 And I'm glad that we did it this way because this you know, we can always pimp somebody's funnel or or do something like that
 But I think this is really cool people getting to know more about about you and and this whole
 Wonderful machine that you're setting up to make difference in people's lives. So that's incredible good for you
 Thanks. Thanks for
 Ideas like for thinking that was fun. I appreciate that was I made my weekend so i'm gonna pick a nap and
 That was uh, that was really cool. So I appreciate that Jim makes for letting me do that
 Awesome. Everybody have a great have a great day. Have a great weekend. Enjoy this spring weather. Hopefully you're having spring weather where you are
 We are next year today. Yeah
 We're good
 Cool. Great job Russell. Thanks ever for hanging out today. I appreciate you all see you guys log in next week probably on photofridays
 Bye-bye
 Bye
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called dot com secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
