 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast.
 Today I want to share with you guys a really really fun video. This is a presentation I did last year at Dean Grosjiosi's office.
 It was during the big mastermind dot called product launch and I had a chance to speak for 20 or 30 minutes.
 I'm just about my experience in this industry. So the information products and courses and things like that.
 And in this presentation I showed some video clips of when I first got started in the business.
 It's something like that. You won't be able to see them obviously be able to hear how bad they are and how bad I was.
 But anyway, I had a lot of fun with this presentation and afterwards I had three or four people tell me it was the best they'd ever seen me present.
 And so I thought hey, I should let you guys listen in and hopefully get some ideas and some inspiration and those of you guys who are struggling or have been trying to get this business for a long time and haven't had success yet.
 Maybe this will be the key that gets you motivated and pumped up to move forward and have some fun.
 So with that said, I hope you guys enjoy this exciting episode from the mastermind dot com launch.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Sit This.
 Right now we have another guest. I think you already know who it is.
 But again, I'm going to go into the same friend heart, but it's true. This next guy, Russell Brunson,
 has sold just about everything. He's going to tell the story. So I don't want to rob his
 thunder of where he started and I can look. There's a whole other list of credentials. He built an amazing company called ClickFunnels.
 Some of you might know it, might use it. It is absolutely insane. He bootstrapped that, started with nothing. Him and some dear partners and friends and built something magical to help change the world.
 To help empower entrepreneurs. To help give people the tools to go faster because he wishes he had him.
 He's got a heart to serve. He's down here with his twin boys. I know his wife, Collette, who's amazing. I hope she's watching. What's up, Collette?
 He has a beautiful family. He's a good human. He's always been a dear friend to me on anything I need. I hope I serve him at the highest level. His credentials are huge, but here's what you need to know.
 It's a guy that started with a dream. Started scared. No one in his family did it. Failed miserably on different opportunities.
 But he didn't give up. He entered this knowledge industry, the self-education industry.
 And now he's one of the leaders with one of the top companies valued at some insane number if he ever wanted to sell it, if he decides to do a number like what Jamie's doing.
 But that's not where he's at right now. He's a humble guy here on his own dime, flew down here on his own time, here to serve.
 So could we please light up the chat for Mr. Russell Russell.
 I'm so excited to be here with you guys today. Like Dean said, I love enough. I flew out here with my twin boys last night.
 And so they're in the other room. This is like bringing your kids to work day. So I'm excited to have them here and hopefully learning and paying attention to some of this stuff.
 But I'm excited to be here today. You guys, how many of you who are out there right now, this is kind of your first introduction to this whole knowledge industry?
 Like this is the first time you're like, wait, what? People are making money to this kind of thing. And it's like brand new to you, right?
 As I was on the flight coming over, I started thinking, I'm like, man, you know, there's, I think that almost a million people who registered for this challenge, which is insane in and of itself, right?
 That's more people to live in than live in like my entire state. So it's kind of crazy, like how many people involved?
 But I remember thinking back, I was like, what was it like the very first time that I ever heard about this?
 Like my first part, my first time coming into this journey. And I'm trying, I was trying to put myself back in that in that state.
 And it was really cool because I was in college when I was learning about the stuff.
 And that was probably 18, 19 years ago now. I know I look like I'm 11 years old, but it was about about about long ago.
 And I was in, I was in college and I started trying to figure out how to start a business. I needed to make money.
 I just met my beautiful wife. We got engaged and I was like, now I have to be like, I have to be a man.
 I have to get a job or start something. And at the time I was wrestling at my university and I didn't want to quit wrestling.
 So I was like, I have to figure out a way to make some money. But I didn't know what else to do.
 And so the internet was kind of new at the time and I was jumping on and I was going to Google type in how to make money on the internet, right?
 The things that a lot of us do. And I'm searching for these different things. And eventually over two or three months journey, something popped up.
 And I heard somebody talking about selling information. And it was the first time that I ever crossed my mind.
 I was thinking like, I'm going to go buy things at the thrift store and sell them on eBay. I was going to go, you're trying to create things in China and ship them out here.
 And I had all these different ideas of what I thought was going to be the thing. And then again, somebody mentioned that you could sell information.
 And at first it didn't make sense to me. Like, why would someone pay me for information? Like, what do I even have?
 Like, I'm a 20 year old kid. I have no talents. I have no skills. I have no hobbies. I don't even know what I could do.
 I mean, it gets to feel like that. Like, that's what you're like, that sounds amazing. But I got no idea what I got nothing, right?
 Okay, I have perfect empathy for you. I remember that. And so I remember sitting there for weeks and weeks and thinking like, well, what can I sell?
 What can I sell? It's got to be something like, I got to have some talent. I have something, right?
 I've been on this earth for 20 years at this point. Like, what do I have to offer? And I couldn't think of anything.
 And I remember being frustrated because I just got, I don't know what to do. I wanted to do it. I felt like that feeling of like, this is exciting.
 I think I could do this, but I don't know what to do. And so I kind of started this journey. And I remember fast forward about six or seven months later, it was spring break.
 And again, I was on the wrestling team at Boise State. And so all the other wrestlers were all single guys.
 And they went down to Vegas for spring break. They're hanging out. And me and my buddy were the only two married guys on the wrestling team.
 So we were married and our wives had to actually work. And so we didn't feel like we should leave them and go hang out in Vegas.
 So we stayed at home. And me and him were goofing around while our wives were going to work supporting us. And while we were doing that, one day he was like, hey, have you ever made a potato gun before?
 I was like, no, what's a potato gun? He's like, oh, dude, they're the greatest thing you make them.
 And you glue together these pipes and we shoot potatoes like a hundred yards. It's so much fun.
 And I was like, we had nothing else to do this week. Let's make a potato gun. So we drove to home. First, we went on Google typed in how to make a potato gun.
 And we found some plans. We drove to Home Depot. We started buying the pipes and cutting them. And we spent the entire spring break making up.
 Anyone here who made a potato gun before? I'm curious. Oh, there's a couple of you guys. All right. We got some potato gun experts. All right. That's good to know.
 But I'd never made it before there. If you've seen them about this tall, big thing, a PVC pipe, you jam a potato in it.
 And then you spray hairspray in the back, you click a button and it shoots this potato. They're really, really fun.
 We spent the entire week building out three or four potato guns. When the weekend came, we took our wives.
 We drove out to the middle of nowhere. We started shooting these potatoes and had so much fun shooting them everywhere.
 And I was like, this is, this is, this is like the greatest weekend of my life. We had so much fun.
 And then the next Monday I had to go back to school. I'm a college kid. I'm a freshman. I'm trying to figure out to make money.
 I'm shooting potato guns. I'm back in class. And like, all my momentum just stopped, right? I'm sitting in class.
 And all of a sudden, I'm sitting there. I had this idea. I was like, wait a minute.
 I know, I now know how to make a potato gun. Like, is there anybody else on this planet besides me that can make a potato gun?
 Like, I don't know. I wonder if anybody else besides me was actually looking for information about how to make potato guns.
 And so remember, I snuck out of my classroom. I ran into the computer lab and there's different places on my, you can go.
 They'll show you how many people are searching for things. So I typed in potato guns.
 And it was crazy. At the time, there are 18,000 people per month searching the keyword, how to make a potato gun.
 And I was like, this is my thing. This is the opportunity. I know how to make a potato gun.
 And people want to know how to do it. And no one else was selling a product how to do it. Like, this could be my thing.
 I was like, this is the great. I was, some of you guys are going to have that moment.
 We're all sitting like, I know my thing now. This could be the thing. And so I went, I went to my buddy.
 I called him up and said, hey, I want to make a potato gun. But this time I want to film it.
 He said, do you have a video camera? I was like, no. He's like, well, we can try to borrow one.
 So we found some of the video camera. We got it and we drove to Home Depot and we had the video camera.
 We walked down the pipe, the aisle with all the pipes. We filmed ourselves looking at the pipes.
 And so, okay, this is the pipe you get. This is the size. Then we drove back to my wife's work and they had a little shop there.
 We filmed us cutting the pipes and the right thing. And then we glued them together. We filmed this entire thing.
 And what was done, we burned it on a DVD. We burned it all with DVD burner back in the day.
 We put it together. And I made my very first information product, which I brought one here today.
 This is actually the last one I was able to find. It's still in a shrink wrap.
 But this is my very first information product ever. I don't know if you can see with the glare.
 There you go. It was called How to Make a Potato Gun. Like literally my very first product.
 In fact, look on the back. There's a picture of me. My bald head back here holding back the potatoes and my buddy Nate,
 the two guys who were married on the wrestling team. Like this was my very first product.
 I was like, I did it. I took something out of my head. I turned it into a product.
 Like this is like the most exciting feeling in the world. And then all the fears started coming.
 Like, how do I sell this? Like are people going to actually buy this? What if they judge me? What if they make fun of me?
 What if somebody has a potato and a gun and it blows up in their hands? Like all the fears started coming, right?
 And I promise you, you're all going to feel that as well. So you just start taking steps forward.
 All the fears and come flooding. You're like, ah, you're freak out.
 And that's what's happening to me. All the fears started coming. Finally, it's like I have to figure this out.
 I got to figure it out. So I spent the time and back then it was hard. It was really hard to get a website up and get a web page
 and put it on an order button and all the things I spent weeks and weeks putting it all together.
 But I finally had something to sell my very first information product.
 I remember one online, I started trying to drive traffic to it and I started making my first sell.
 And then my second sell and my third sell.
 And for those of you that experienced that yet, when you take something you created and somebody gives you money for it,
 it's one of the best feelings in the world. I was just like on cloud nine, someone was actually buying my product.
 And so for me, that's where this whole journey began.
 Now, obviously the potato gun market is not this huge market. I'm trying to make it bigger. If any of you guys want to be in the market,
 let me know we can sell potato gun skin. But it's not a huge market. I was making some money, but it wasn't this huge thing.
 And I felt called for more. I was like, I want to do more of this. Like, what else can I do?
 And I didn't know what it was. I still didn't know like, what's my mission? What's my calling? What am I supposed to be doing?
 And my guess is for most of you, I don't know that yet either. And that's okay.
 There's something magical when you start going into momentum, you start moving forward.
 All of a sudden, ideas and opportunities start coming towards you. So I was like, okay, I'm going to move.
 I tried to sell this. I made some money. What's the next thing? What can I do?
 And when I found when I was trying to make money with my potato gun, is that the thing I kept getting stuck on is
 I didn't know how to get people to come to my website. Like, how do I get traffic? I didn't know how to do that piece of it.
 And a lot of people were selling these really expensive masterminds and courses and things I couldn't afford at the time.
 And I was like, I wonder if I could interview other people about how they did it.
 Like, that'd be kind of cool. Like, how do people get traffic from SEO and paper click in Google and this is before Facebook, but
 how do I get from my space to all these things. And so that was kind of my initial things. I'm going to interview other people.
 And so I'm going to throw up a slide here you guys to see. So this is Russell, a fleeing spec slide here.
 This is me back when I was doing this potato gun game. You notice I'm wearing a white shirt and tie because I thought that business people had to wear white shirts and ties.
 So I'm wearing a white shirt and tie. And I was like, okay, I need to learn how to drive traffic. So I started interviewing these people.
 So these are the people I interviewed. This guy's in Carl Gleddy. Then Mike's still same. And then Gary Ambrose and Brad Callan and Brad Fallon and
 Ian Chia and Roslyn Gardner, Jack Humphreys and Keith Baxter, these people I saw who were driving all this traffic. So I got on a phone call and I started interviewing them because they were experts. I wasn't yet. But they were.
 I was like, this is so cool. I'm going to get their opinion if you got how they're doing it. So I interviewed everyone, these people and then let me record the calls.
 So I was recording all these calls. It was awesome. It was done. I had all these recordings of people who were doing what I was trying to do.
 I remember going back to him saying, I've got, I have a product now. Like I have interviews and me interviewing all these amazing people about how they did something like this is an information product, right?
 This is the, wasn't my knowledge. I didn't know how to do it. But I found other people who did. I interviewed them. And all of a sudden I had now what was called a product. What was the product, right?
 And some of you guys are thinking it's funny because every time I tell someone this story about this, like, well, of course, you know, people let you interview because you're Russell Brunson.
 I was like, just so you know, I wasn't always Russell Brunson, whatever that means, right? This is me, the picture. This is me when I was asking people to interview me.
 And I want to show you a couple of, I'm going to show you some video clips today. My goal is to show you how bad I was to give any of you guys who were like, I can't do this because I'm filling the blank.
 I'm awkward. I'm introverted. I'm scared. I'm really bad on camera. Like all those things. I want to destroy those befalls, beliefs for you right now because I promise you, I was worse when I started than any of you will be today.
 Guarantee it. If you've ever done like an Instagram story or selfie or anything, you're better than I was.
 So I'm going to show you my very first video clip here. This is how I was trying to initially sell these interviews.
 So you can pull up the video quick. This is video number one.
 Hi, I'm Russell Brunson. Welcome to the second tier.com. I'm here to help you get in.
 Okay. Hi, I'm Russell Brunson. Welcome to the second tier.com. I'm here. Do you have any advice to that? I'm here to introduce you.
 What did you say? Hi, I'm Russell Brunson. Welcome to the second tier.com. I want to help you get started with your affiliate training today.
 The first thing you need to do is click on the link above me and download our affiliate.
 That was really cool. The Flushing Toilet in the background.
 All right. So there's how I started. Literally there's a film in the videos that you guys are flushing.
 The twists in the background, like so embarrassing, right? But that was me. That was my very first shot.
 That was the very first video I ever made. I was so scared that you could probably tell. But that was it.
 That was the beginning of this journey. I'm trying to convince these people who are these big, huge, big name famous gurus and things, authors and people.
 I was like, I need them to interview them. I was so scared. What did they say no to me? But almost all of them said yes.
 They saw something like me who was hungry, who was trying and said, "Yes, I'll let you interview me."
 So let me interview them. I recorded it. Now I had this product. I can go and sell it. It was the coolest thing.
 So for any of you guys who are at that spot, we're like, "I don't have a thing yet." What are you interested in?
 You've got to be interested in something, right? Find something you're interested in. Who are the authors, the speakers, the people who have already done the thing you want to do?
 You can interview them and start figuring out exactly who they are.
 Even if you're in a spot where you're like, "I have no known who I am. I'm not famous. I don't have these things." Neither did I have them.
 I got started. That's what's so powerful about this. Just your desire, your excitement about wanting to learn will give them the ability to want to share with you back.
 It's really magical. That's the first thing.
 The next thing is after I started sharing this message, sharing my mission, and I started doing this and started selling something product, but I got excited.
 I was like, "This is really, really fun. How many of you have ever felt this before? You start sharing your ideas and you want to do it more, right?
 It gets exciting. People always ask me, " how do you find your passion?"
 The reality is the way you find your passion is it starts with a spark. It gets you excited. You have some interest in it.
 I didn't know I was going to be a marketing guy, but I was interested in how do I get traffic to my potato gun DVD.
 That was the question I was asking. I started asking all these other people. I started interviewing them.
 I started interviewing these people. That spark turned into a fire. It got more and more exciting.
 The more I started learning, the more I wanted to learn, the more I wanted to talk about, the more I wanted to share about it.
 That's the thing that happened for you. The first question for you is, "What are you interested in?
 Where are there a spark of interest that you would love to go deeper on? You could interview other people.
 You could ask some questions if you don't have something that could be your own yet.
 If you have that spark, the fastest way to take a spark and turn into a fire is what?
 Let's say I have a match and I like to match and it's there and it's kind of sparking and dwindling.
 The wood's about to burn out. If I walk over to a fire that's already on fire and I throw that match on the fire, boom, it gets big.
 The same thing's true for all of you guys. You're here today because you've got that spark.
 This is exciting. This is interesting. There's this business I didn't even know about.
 I can take my knowledge. I can turn it into products. I can sell it. I can make money.
 You've got that spark and now you're coming around me and Dean and Tony and Jen and all these people.
 We're on fire. We've been doing this now for decades. We're so excited and we're so passionate.
 You're coming around us. We're taking that spark. We're baking it big. We're igniting it on fire.
 For you and you're, whatever business you're in, you've got to take that spark and figure out who are the people that are already doing what you're doing.
 That already have that fire. For me as I started interviewing these different people, my spark became a fire.
 I became obsessed with this. I love business. I love marketing. I love learning how to drive traffic.
 I got so excited that I wanted to do more of that. I remember about that time in my journey as I was interviewing these people and I was getting excited.
 Somebody asked me if I would come speak to their vent. Again, I came today to speak here and I love this.
 This is my favorite thing now. Those who don't know me, I'm very introverted.
 So face to face, I get really awkward and shy. But sitting in a room with a whole bunch of people or sitting on stage, I feel comfortable there.
 I get really awkward. A lot of times I feel like I'm an introvert and an extrovert is calling.
 How many of my introverts out there can relate to that? Yeah, it's scary. I don't want to be on TV. I don't want to be on cameras. I get that.
 I'm still like, people see me in the side room before we get started. That guy's really weird. He seems so awkward.
 I get nervous talking to people face to face, but I realize that I believe in my mission.
 So in this kind of setting, I can thrive. For those who are introverted, don't stress out. That's okay.
 This was built for the introverts because you don't have to be talking face to face.
 When you create something amazing and you can share it with the world, which is really, really cool.
 So I got asked to speak of this event and I was like, I've never spoken at event before.
 That sounds insanely scary. I don't know how to do that.
 But I was like, I'll say I'm scared. I can't just walk away from it.
 Like if I want to be successful in life, when these scary things come in, I'm like, I'm going to be brave and I've got to go through the fear, right?
 Some of you guys are feeling that right now. You have that fear, right?
 In fact, it's interesting. In every story, every movie from the beginning of time till now, it follows the same, we call it the hero's journey, right?
 The journey is the same. It's interesting. If you look at every movie, the hero in every movie always has this call to adventure, right?
 They're called to go do something, right? Frodo has to go to Mordor and destroy the ring.
 He's going to leave the Shire and go do this thing, right?
 You've got Luke Skywalker had to go on a journey. Every movie, Lightning McQueen had to go to win the piston cup.
 Every hero has to leave. But if you look at every storyline, after the hero hears the call to adventure,
 the first thing that always happens is they have what they call the refusal of the call.
 The hero always in every single movie, every single time comes back and says, I'm not ready. I'm not worthy.
 I can't do this. Who am I to do that? It happens that every single hero in every single movie is going to happen to you too.
 And you guys who hurt Dean today give you guys an amazing offer. I can say he's like, oh, I'm going to give you a course for a thousand bucks plus event tickets plus this plus this.
 He gave like $10,000 for things for a thousand bucks. And most of you guys probably got excited. Like, this is it. This is my calling. I'm going to do it.
 And then what happened? The refusal of the call. But I can't though, because I'm introverted. I'm scared. I'm blah, blah, blah.
 And all these things start coming, right? I know that I've been there multiple times in my life. Okay? I feel that with you guys.
 Okay? And so you hear that refusal of the call, but they have success. Okay? The hero refuses the call. The movie ends really, really quick, right?
 It's going to be boring. So what happens? The hero has to overcome that fear and take that step and take that leap of faith.
 Right? And so for me, that's what happened. I had this calling like, hey, I want you to come speak at this event. And I was like, I don't want to speak at an event.
 I'm scared of people. That sounds horrible. Like I've never done it before. No. And then the person's like, you want to do it? And I'm like, yes.
 Oh, my gosh, now I have to do it. And I started freaking out. Like, what do I wear? I've never spoken at an event. Like, what's the business event?
 I mean, business people that I need to show it and to tie and like, I started freaking out. So I'm going to show you guys the second video clip here because the second video is the very first time I ever spoke at an event.
 At an event with people. Okay. And again, I'm showing you this because so many of you guys are like, oh, I'm never going to be like Dean or Tony or Russell or who ever, right?
 Because like, I'm like, I can't speak like them. And I want you to show the beginnings because if you see how bad I was, it should give you all hope of like, oh, my gosh, if that nerd can do it, I think I got a shot.
 So here's the very first time I ever spoke at an actual event and feel free to laugh at me. I'm cool with that if you want to. Here we go.
 But what I wanted to talk about tonight is kind of a broad overview better, hopefully help you to better to get better information out of the whole internet marketing business.
 This is a lot bigger group than I had planned on.
 Do you see how scared I was? But I had my shirt and tie on because that's what business people do.
 And I was laughing because like, I was looking at the microphones hooked to my tie and then the wires like all out the sides of the entire event.
 I was so scared. I wish someone asked me to say if I could go talk to my future self or my past self, who would I talk to you? And I would go back to that dude right there and be like, I know you're scared to death.
 I know that like, this doesn't make any sense. I know that this pains you. But if you stay on this path, you can have the ability to change hundreds of thousands of people's lives.
 Like, just keep doing it. Don't stop. And I would say, same thing to you guys right now who are in this moment. If I could come back to you, you've 20 years now come back and be like, look, this is scary.
 I get it. Look how awkward you look on stage right now. But man, in 20 years from now, you're going to have a chance of speaking from hundreds of thousands of people and actually change their lives. But you got to keep going.
 You have to stop stopping and start going, start moving forward. That's what I tell myself then. So that was the thing I went and I spoke. I started teaching these people about the stuff I was learning about business and driving traffic.
 And it was so much fun. It was so fulfilling, scared as I was when I took that leap of faith, right? When I went on the call of the adventure, started this journey, I was like, this is amazing.
 I feel like this has become a calling for me. I mean, I thought that before we're like, this feels like something different. This isn't just like, I'm going to get a job. Like, this is like a calling.
 Okay, I'm a huge believer now. Like, I believe that every single one of you guys who are here, that you're here for a reason, right? I don't think that it's coincidental. I think that if you're here today, it's because you felt something.
 And that's why you showed up. It's why you're on day three. You've gone through this training, right? And every single day you watch it. There's a million people sign up, right?
 500,000 watch a day, number one, it's going to get smaller and smaller and smaller. And the people who stick through are the ones that have to be successful. And so for you guys, the fact that you're here, you've already made it past like two thirds of them, right?
 More and more people drop out of the game every single day. This game gets easier and easier because a lot of people will go to the finish line. So the fact that you're here today, day three into it, still paying attention is huge. Okay?
 So that was the second thing. Then Dean talked about earlier today, like, you've got to be good at selling. But I don't sell, like, I'm not a salesperson.
 Like, I'm literally the worst salesperson in the world. If you put him on a phone to try to sell somebody something, I would talk about buying it. Right? Like, I never sold before. I was scared to death. But I had this thing. I had this product. I believe it was good. Right?
 I was like, I have to sell this people like, I don't know how to do that. I kind of, I have to learn the skill, but I didn't know what the skill was. So I have one more video clip from that same event.
 And this was the very first time I tried to sell something. And I want you to see the pain and the fear and the nervousness in my eyes and my voice and my entire physiology because you'll see what it's like the very first time I sold.
 Now, hopefully this gives you comfort because a lot of you guys, this will be the first time you sold something. It's going to be something from your own mind, which is even scarier.
 Right? You create something and now you're taking this art and you're putting it out in the world like, what if they reject you? What if they hate it? What if they don't like it?
 It's scary. Right? Creating a product, creating something is very much an internal thing to do with your, with your, by yourself, your thought and your mind. Right?
 And if it out there to the world and it's like, what if they reject it? There's going to be fear.
 And what I should say is the very first time I tried to sell something and just so you can see how bad it is. And again, hopefully it'll give you hope. So let's watch video number three right now.
 Okay, I've got, am I getting close on time? If you, if you do join the, the affiliate bootcamp, it'll give you lifelong training. It's a, it's a $47 month value. Get it for free. Who would like a piece of that?
 Here's my irresistible offer. And hopefully you guys learned a lot from this presentation.
 I'm a standing ovation. He did a great job. Now a single person stand. He's holding him, stay away. And you guys like my clothes. Like for this day, I get teased by my kids all the time. Who wants a piece of that? Dad. Like, so embarrassing.
 But I did it because I believe in what I was selling. Okay. Now what's going to happen is the very first time you guys do this. It's going to be probably not as bad as mine, but it's going to be a train wreck.
 Like this doesn't work. Okay. But that's okay. You got to keep doing it. And you do the second time and you get better. You do the third time and you get a little better. You do the fourth time and keep getting better and keep getting better. Okay. And that's the key to this business. Okay.
 For all of you guys who heard the call, you're here. You're like, this is something I want to do. This one to be part of it. Her Dean and Tony and Jenna and Trent and all these amazing people talk about it. They've showed it.
 Now it's your shot. Right. You guys, you're the hero of this journey. You just heard your call to adventure. Right. The refusal of the call is coming like crazy. You're hearing it from a million different spots. But now it's your time to like, you know what?
 I'm not ready. I don't feel like I'm worthy yet. I don't know how to do this. I'm scared to death, but I feel called.
 When you hear that, you feel that that's when you take that step and you move forward. Okay. I'm such a big believer that every single person who's here today, right?
 I believe that all of you guys were called. Okay. And I don't want to get emotional or spiritual or anything, but I definitely believe that for each of us, God puts us here on the planet and says, look, you're in charge of serving this group of people.
 And we hear calling, right? And so you got to serve those people. And you're like, but I'm not ready. I'm not worthy. I don't know how to do it. It scares me to death. It doesn't matter.
 Okay. Many are called, but few are chosen. Why are they not chosen? Because they have to do the things. They have to do the steps. So if you hear, you've been called. You've been called to serve a group of people. You don't know who they are yet.
 I thought it was people who want to make potato guns, right? And sure, I helped a couple of people make potato gun. That was amazing. But I started on the journey and I said, what's the next thing? What's the next thing?
 Now, I fast forward 18 years later. I've had a chance to write three books. We build a company that has over 120,000 entrepreneurs use our platform to sell their products and their services. And I've seen the fact that I went on this mission, that I went on this journey, I started sharing my thoughts and my ideas. I've had the chance to touch now a little bit of millions of people's lives.
 And that's what's so powerful. So for each of you guys, I know it doesn't make sense right now. Okay? You don't feel ready. You don't feel worthy. You're scared to death. I get those things.
 But if you start on this path and this process, you start moving forward and you keep doing it, there is a group of people you've been called to serve. And if you will step up to that call and you will change their life forever. Okay? And there'll be a day, someday in the future, 10 years, 150 years, 100 years in the future from now, when them and their kids will be like, man, my life was better because of so and so. Because somebody else stepped up and they decided to make a change. Okay? I look at almost everything great in my life happened because somebody, some entrepreneur, some crazy person said, you know what? This doesn't make any sense, but I'm going to go do this. I'm going to start this business. I'm going to write this book.
 I'm going to create this thing and make a course. I'm going to get this thing out of my head. I'm going to interview people. I'm going to get out of my comfort zone.
 I'm going to do that thing because I'm going to call to serve a group of people and I got to change their life. And if you do that, I promise you the rewards on the other side are amazing.
 It's something that you'll be grateful for your entire life. So I want to thank you guys for letting me spend time with you guys today.
 I hope that this helped give some of you guys a kick in the tush that gets you guys moving if you're waiting. Okay? Your call is here. You've heard it.
 And I know the refusal of the call is coming. It happens every single one of us. You don't feel ready. You don't feel worthy. That's okay. Okay?
 That's why the training is here. That's why everything Dean and Tony and all of us are doing is because we know the way. We know the path.
 Okay? The next thing that heroes journey is always a guide. We're your guide. You come through this process. You take that path and the guide there. Yoda's there to guide you on the path.
 Right? And we're your guides on this journey to help make sure you're successful. So with that said, thank you guys for being here with me. I can't wait to see you guys as we continue on this program together.
 And thanks Dean for having me here. So thanks you guys.
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast. If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook, Instagram, or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future.
 That'll help me to know what to create for you. Also, Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time.
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe. You can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at nobsletter.com.
 Not only you're going to get the $20,000 gift, you also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters that will be hand delivered by the Millman to your mailbox each and every month. One from Dan Kennedy and one from me.
 To get this gift and your subscription, go to nobsletter.com right now.
 (upbeat music)
