 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunston and welcome back to Marketing Secrets.
 Now I got another special bonus interview.
 So far I got some really good feedback from you guys on the Q&A show.
 So for the time of year I'm going to keep putting those in.
 If you decide you don't like them, let me know.
 But they've been really fun to do.
 If you want to ask questions, please come over to Instagram and drop me a video and
 I'll be answering those throughout the week.
 And we're just going to kind of put those together here and let you guys listen in on
 the Q&A.
 So this is another Q&A show coming at you.
 I hope you enjoy it and don't forget when you're done, if you love this podcast, half
 as much as I do, all you got to do is go to iTunes and please rate it and review it.
 We switched our feed from a couple years ago and I lost five or six hundred reviews.
 So we're down to 250, 300 reviews and I need you guys to come and review.
 We're on the top five podcast and business right now, which is exciting.
 But of the top 10 we have the least reviews because I haven't asked you guys for reviews.
 So if you could take 30 seconds out of your busy day and go and give us a review, that
 would be huge for me.
 I really appreciate it.
 Even if your review is like, "Man, Russell talks way too fast."
 It's totally cool.
 Just let me know.
 I'll be reading those and looking at them and it'll be huge for me.
 So thank you.
 Take a few minutes today.
 Review it.
 And if you do that, I'll keep making some cool stuff.
 Thanks everybody and I hope you enjoy this Q&A show.
 My name is Russell Brunson and I'm on a journey to help entrepreneurs get unstuck so that
 they can get back to changing the world.
 In the past 10 years, I've built a following of all our million entrepreneurs who like
 you.
 So hundreds of thousands of copies of my books popularized the concept of sales funnels and
 co-founded a software company called ClickFunnels that helps tens of thousands of entrepreneurs
 to quickly get their message out to the marketplace.
 If you've got questions, I've got answers.
 Here's how it works.
 Step number one, go to Instagram and create a video asking me your number one question.
 Step number two, tag me @rustle Brunson so that I can see your question.
 Step number three, use #AskRussellAnything so my team is notified.
 And then each week, I'll pick the top 10 questions and answer them on Instagram live.
 For each question, I'll drop the mic.
 But for the best question each week, we'll ship you out your own drop mic.
 Now make sure you follow me on Instagram to see if I answer your questions live.
 Ask me your questions so that you can get them stuff and get back to changing the world.
 Yeah!
 Alright, so that's the Drop the Mic Show and thank you guys for your questions this week.
 We have some fun.
 So we got 10, by the way, she has no.
 We're starting to wear all the same clothes.
 So if you notice, I've got the same show and all these guys here, which is kind of creepy.
 But Fridays is our confusion stuff.
 Fridays and Thursdays are, it's a cold, wait Thursday?
 Wave Live Thursday?
 So if you haven't seen this yet, those who are fun hacking live got these shirts.
 So if you weren't fun hacking live, you missed out.
 You're not all in.
 So it's a cold, no wait, it's a wave of life.
 Alright.
 That guy over there did wear.
 It's cold Thursday?
 Yes, cold cheer Thursday's.
 Cold cheer.
 Alright.
 Let's get this party.
 So, alright, who we got first?
 What's...
 Is Linda's first?
 This is actually a cool question.
 Wait, wait, Linda's gonna tell us a question, right?
 Yes, it's watching.
 Alright, so here's Linda's question.
 Alright, so here's Linda's question.
 Well, this is Linda from Sydney, Australia.
 I'm a naturopath that specializes in constipation.
 So yes, I hope to unlock the econcipation block on my society.
 And I do this through my constipation online program as well as my natural tea, which
 is an elaxative, doesn't cause dependency and tastes amazing and loads of people are
 getting great relief from it so far.
 So my question to you is, how do I make this more scalable online?
 You see, the problem with working with constipated folk is that they're offering you embarrassed
 and ashamed to talk about it.
 So to get people to share the love and to spread the news about what I do is not easy.
 So I would love your help because I would love to help so many more people, bent up people
 and then a part of working better.
 So I would love to hear your thoughts.
 Alright so that's Linda, right?
 Kay Linda, so first off, that's awesome, I love it.
 And you may be surprised, but I actually have a lot of experience in this realm.
 One of our inner circle members is a specialist in this, so that's kind of fun.
 And then I had a chance to recently work with the Harmon Brothers, who happened to do the
 Poop-Rique ad and also the Squatty-Potty ad and they kind of have the same thing, like
 people don't like to talk about poop, right?
 And so it's kind of a scary thing.
 And so if you notice, if you go to HarmonBrothers.com, first off, they're amazing.
 Watch all their videos, especially the one they're launching in like a month and a half
 from now, because it might be ours.
 But go and watch their stuff because for them to get people to share poop, it had to
 be like a funny and exciting, interesting thing, right?
 And sometimes we're trying to be too stuffy with our messages and because that's not
 shareable.
 And those of you guys who are in the Fill Your Funnel training, we had Adam Lyons out here
 who is, he does a lot of stuff actually.
 But what he was here for us, with us, is he was basically teaching us how to make viral
 videos.
 And I kind of asked him a similar question.
 I'm like, my videos, people watch them, they weren't getting shared.
 I'm like, why not?
 And he said, you have to think about the psychology people that are sharing stuff, right?
 And for me, my problem is similar to yours.
 It's a little different, but similar like the answer is the same for both mine and for
 mine.
 So with mine, some watches your video, they don't want to share it because building a
 business is their thing and sharing it and then their friends are going to do it and
 it's not as cool for them.
 They want to do it, they want to keep that to themselves so they don't share it.
 He, Adam is in the pick up chicks market.
 He's the same thing, you have a video how to pick up chicks.
 People don't want to share that because then it's like, okay, I'm desperate, I want
 to pick up chicks.
 So you have to look at it from a different angle.
 So what Adam did is he made a video that was really cool.
 It was a video.
 He has a, how old was his son?
 He was three years old, four years old, three year old son who went and so he videotaped,
 he taught his son like three or four pick up lines and took him and had him go pick up
 three or four girls and videotaped the whole thing and posted it online.
 And it was like three year old pick up artists and the video ended up getting like 20 million
 views on Facebook, hundreds of thousands in other places and it grew because it was
 a different angle because people want to share that, right?
 So if I was to make videos and maybe I will be soon showing kids making funnels or puppy
 dogs, I don't know something different but it's something that's shareable that doesn't
 take away from themselves that they share, right?
 Somebody shares a funny squatty potty pooping commercial like, and obviously you need to
 have a budget and have a puppet and stuff like that but it's something that people will
 share, it doesn't necessarily reflect on them.
 So something interesting, funny, exciting, that's shareable, that's what I'd be looking
 to try to create.
 So I don't know the answer to that but that's the, that's what you're going to start thinking
 through exactly how would I do that?
 What would it be?
 You know, it's something that would be interesting people to share.
 They're not necessarily saying like, oh I have this problem, you guys should also look
 into it too because you're right, that's uncomfortable people to share but if you can
 figure out a way to create videos and content that are interesting and intriguing that people
 want to share and it's not so much telling on them that they're doing it, right?
 So that's what you guys start thinking through.
 So every business is going to be different, hopefully that works for years.
 Is that good?
 I dropped the mic.
 I'm having a drop in the mic.
 We forgot our purple mattress say, so say these click funnels blankets.
 So there you go.
 Alright, that's question number one.
 Question number two, who we got next?
 Question number two, we got Jerram Atkinson.
 Hey Russell, Jerram Atkinson here.
 Hey, I just wanted to thank you so much for all the awesome content that you put out there
 in social media and in click funnels.
 Thank you so much for all that you do.
 A quick question I had for you is when you are doing a funnel hackathon, how do you get
 in state?
 How do you get in zone for that hackathon?
 Is it a nap beforehand so that you're ready to go for hours through the night?
 You know, caffeine, what's your dream of choice?
 What are all the things you're doing to get in the zone and in state for a really successful
 hackathon?
 Thanks so much Russell and I hope you'll show my question.
 Thank you.
 Alright Jerram, thank you man.
 Ken, so his question was how do you get into state to do hackathons?
 Hackathons typically are like, at least for us, all night binges of building funnels,
 which is really fun.
 So how do you get in state?
 I did a podcast on this back when it was marketing your car.
 If you're marketing secrets and they scroll back through and there's an episode called
 NZT Time.
 If you listen to that episode, it'll talk about this a little bit.
 So NZT, if you guys have ever watched the movie Limitless, one of the best movies of
 all time.
 So first off, watch that.
 Then after that, then go watch the TV series.
 I don't think they only had one season and I think they got canceled.
 Is it on Netflix?
 The first season?
 Okay.
 The season Limitless, which is like my favorite show ever and I personally want to fund it
 just to make season two because it was so good.
 But in the TV series, so they basically, there's a guy who gets NZT, he takes a pill and he
 becomes the smartest man ever for like eight hours.
 And so what happens is like the government had like, the government gave him how much
 NZT was allowed to have.
 So neither is brain.
 They didn't want to become a junkie and like destroy his life on it.
 So what happened is he would come in and he'd be like the dumbest guy in the world and
 then he'd give him this pill for eight hours.
 He was amazing.
 So like he had this NZT time where he was like amazing.
 So he like weighed everything ready and then took the pill.
 So he had all the time just prepped for that, right?
 So for me, it's kind of the same kind of thing between hackathon or if I just need to get
 focused to get a project done or whatever it is, I think about NZT time.
 So I come in and I don't necessarily take a nap ahead of time, but I do know like I need
 to like physically change my state to be able to do that.
 So that might be music, right?
 So music changes state.
 So for me, my song is Seven Nations Army and I crank it up because he's got a talking
 to loose in that song here.
 So we crank up Seven Nations Army, which gets me into state because of the blood pumping.
 Please jump around, like whatever, we get excited.
 And even we'll scream the top as long as I can.
 Just like that, which gets me excited.
 And then if you do, if you do, you know, I never drank caffeine until like two and a
 half years ago and now I kind of like it.
 So like right now I'm drinking rhino rush.
 It's really good.
 I like keto OS, the caffeine time, but something because like it gets you good in physical
 response.
 I'm trying to like change my state so I can like focus because if you just come in and
 you work and you do stuff, it's not the same, right?
 So I want to NZT time.
 So I'm trying to like focus.
 If you want to, it doesn't have to be caffeine.
 You could drink water, you could drink Kool-Aid or you could, whatever it is for you, like
 something just like all to your state.
 So you know you're in a different environment, right?
 Like if you're always in the same environment, you're in the same results.
 Like there's reasons why like when I want to sell somebody something, I try to pull them
 to different environments.
 I take them to an event or I get them on a webinar or a phone call or it's like we're
 shifting environments because like a state control, right?
 It's all about state control, how you control yourself.
 And so like for me, it's like if I want to get in a zone where I know you're going to
 pull eight, 10, 12, 24, 36, 48 hours without sleeping, I got to shift my state.
 I'm going to be able to attack that and dominate it.
 And so that is kind of what we do.
 So do I miss anything?
 It's kind of it.
 It's exciting.
 So go back to marketing seekers.com, subscribe on iTunes and scroll back to the episodes
 called NZT Time and listen to that one.
 And I kind of break through in a lot more detail exactly what I do and why I do it.
 And it's really fun.
 So there you go you guys.
 Here you go, Jairm.
 We're going to drop the mic.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Question number three, who we got?
 Marcos.
 All right, Marcos, you are up.
 What's up, Russell?
 So I've seen your stopper in that video.
 I've read your books.
 I have click files.
 So I wanted to ask, you know, because what were your successes you've had?
 What do you do for what do you do mindset wise to prepare yourself, commission yourself
 to have success just because you know recently I've been having a little difficulty getting
 clients from my digital agency to run ads for them or not.
 And I wanted to ask, you know, just because you reached this high level of success, old
 like to know what you do.
 For me right now, I'm using affirmations, incantations, a lot of 20 Robbins, a lot of
 Jim Rome.
 So I would love to know what it is that you do.
 Because we very much thank you very much.
 All right.
 Okay, Marcos.
 So good question.
 So how is that like personal velvet day today?
 All right.
 was watching cool man okay so the question is how do you get yourselves
 upon the element of the right how to get ourselves have to be yourself's
 success mindset
 and conditions and staff mindset cool so less will robin's big incantations i've
 never
 he taught me that i was okay and never actually done that was not consistently
 so
 for me it's not so much that um...
 you know for me
 you know it's it's um...
 call i think that the biggest thing for me is just like
 like i believe so much in what i'm doing that like
 i just get so excited like i wake up in the mornings
 first off like this guy boxes every morning
 and when you were here with the boxer sounds like
 yeah
 the
 how do you not get it straight after that so find a friend and tell them to
 message you every single day and scream at you and say it's like it's my
 it's my day baby it's tuesday's
 so i get you excited and then like
 from driving here the office like i'm thinking like okay
 i think about the people were serving and i think
 for me that's what fires the most is just like
 knowing what we're doing right like
 and so for you to look at like you're doing face with us for clients and if
 you're not
 having success my guess
 and they're wrong because i've been to the suppression and i may not even
 depression you may not call that but like
 i've been to the ups and downs of motivation
 for me like the times my motivation was down
 it was
 a hundred percent tied to like the fact that wasn't in love with the clients i
 was serving if you read the dot com secrets book
 intro
 uh... we talk about the secret formula which is like chapter number one right
 uh... i think maybe to
 the city for me the secret more
 on page thirteen
 uh... there you go for the first a talk about how like
 when uh... like we build a company a hundred boys and i woke up one day and
 i'm sitting bed laying there and i was like
 i hate this i hate everything about it i i wish that i had a boss so he could
 fire me from a show today but
 on the bus
 i had to go
 crap and i i was miserable because i picked the wrong client
 and uh... i was in this one for three or four years of like
 it was hard to wake up every single morning and
 if i'm not going to talk about my my failure stories
 uh... but we're in the brink of
 bankruptcy and all these things i want to like walk away and i couldn't because of
 a lot of reasons that i couldn't
 uh... but like
 it wasn't always shifted who were serving that like
 things shifted for me
 so my guess like if you're doing face records for clients
 i think you're clients
 they get back to find a little say that but you are i think you are fired up by
 like fact that yes i can work with so so today
 if you're not like what i would do is i was fire your client said that look
 you know or maybe can't find that because they're feeding you so i think
 okay
 who is my dream client who would
 i'd be so far from the morning or i can serve that person you would just be like
 you wake up like screaming like i have held that person today like we are
 literally changing the world
 and we shifted to that
 least for me that i could morning like i know that i could serve entrepreneurs
 who are passionate who are excited to try to change the world
 there's a reason i wrote the book expert secretly why do you know this book
 there's a lot of reasons but one of them is that no the people to read that book
 are people actually want to hang out with the people who are trying to change the
 world like
 that's like the definition that person i wrote a book to track my dream clients
 in
 because that's what i want to serve right who i want to work with so for you it's like
 if you're happy the clients
 think what clients would be happy with and then create the bait or landing page or
 the option or the content or whatever to go and grab those people and bring them to
 you
 because if you're excited about your clients everything else will fall in
 place and all the incantations everything else like that are great they
 don't stop doing those
 but it's kind of like when you have something that's pulling you it's way easier than having
 something you're trying to push yourself right
 because a lot of things you can push yourself but man if you get something that gives you
 so much passion and excitement it pulls you then it's just like you're running so
 that's what i'd say is my guess and i don't know you yet personally but change
 your dream client and change everything else for you so anyway hope helps man
 alright good
 you know what happened to my
 woo alright
 who's up next
 joke
 oh joseph i love joe alright
 someone said they want the blanket
 someone said they want the blanket
 here's my question for you i run a real estate agency and have a bunch of clients and have
 the same problem happening again and again
 uh... leads come in people enter name email phone number and they don't respond or
 when the agent calls them which probably isn't always the greatest job in their part
 but when the agent calls them
 you know
 they get like all of us coming around like because they don't want to talk to a sales
 person right
 so do you have any ideas besides email and retargeting stuff like that we're already
 doing all the normal problem stuff
 any ideas on how to
 like warn those leads up so that we either answer the phone or have the conversation
 appreciate your help thanks
 hey rosen right
 k_j_ first off your awesome k
 great question and i'm going to tell you still this one from alice or mosey who
 happens to be in a circle a month this year once again or this month
 uh...
 he's amazing so you know alice yet you should everyone should just even though
 he's teaching jim's how long to still work like buying all stuff so
 uh... anyway so
 what alice of the jim owners and it's brilliant and like
 he's tested bajillion things but what was the best way for them and they he
 literally
 comes into a gym
 and in like a week and a half will give them three hundred customers like that
 and he said over and he's a hundred percent success rate and
 like forty times last three months like a hundred percent cesare no failing at all
 and was interesting what he does
 number one thing is the lead comes in
 you have like this window and people think windows like a day or like
 uh... you know few hours and it's not the windows like
 three to five minutes
 and what he does in the lead comes in the first thing second you get it he
 makes a video on itself like
 hey what's up julie you just
 submitted your use uh... describe your application for our weight loss challenge
 so excited to come in here in the gym you love it
 and i want to be a mess room to say hi
 and recall your little is really sad talk to you and then text
 the video off the phone to the person
 personally it's a personalized video text
 and
 there like free talent i want to do no one's ever done this i feel that's for
 like three minutes ago and they just texted me a video about side of the
 are
 and we call them
 that i kya so
 you're that do that this
 that just video text me like
 imagine
 just imagine what that would do as a client so
 and he has all the jim
 one is just instantly the second the app comes in
 recorded video send it out spastic and personalize the deal with their name
 their you're talking about them
 the second thing is just like when you get on the phone
 the problem of sales people right
 something like i talk about if you walk into g_n_c_ the first thing they come
 he can help you anything in your right
 uh... this awkward weird right
 most of the same thing for the phone first thing is like
 hey so uh...
 you know then going to sell speech it's like
 i can't depend so much time and lead you have but if it was me if i if i just
 text in the video
 the next thing i do is i've been on face book or linkedin looking really
 quick sphere who they are
 the right column of a
 hey uh... really quick hope you got my video
 awesome
 k_n_ i don't want a lot of time you're trying to know you're busy on but i was
 actually a huge research for a college on face we get three kids and to play
 soccer i love soccer
 all the school and first like all yeah my kids do play soccer that's kind of
 creepy or that's kind of whatever right
 now say open a door
 and that's like cool i got application in just and then now it's a sliding
 right in right
 uh...
 same if i walked into g_n_c_ the first time in the person was like hey russell uh...
 hey that's a cool shirt you have on you belong to a colton like no i own a
 colton's like what that's awesome
 and then we like
 uh... so was a cold as a cold leader like what kind of uh... supplements would
 you like and i'm like oh well my favorite supplement is
 i'm looking for protein then like the the conversation goes really really easy
 because initially always have our our do separate new army so it's right
 we're blocking it
 switch like penetrate through that's quick as you leave possible in the
 fastest ways
 a video text message like totally is pattern interrupt and then what you is
 coming to the call on this information so that like you have something to talk
 about
 on to break their pattern to nobody does that everyone goes up the other way so
 that's kind of it that help
 i'm a
 i'm right here we go
 here we go
 who can
 and that was dedicated alix because
 alix or mosey because he's one of that strategy i stole from thank you
 alix
 alright who's up next
 we got massive next
 alright met the mac
 hey Russell mac crane here got a question for you but first
 i love
 secret
 everybody should have a copy
 go get it
 it's like you
 back to my question
 what's the number one mistake that you and your team find with those using
 clickfunnels
 and how
 can you help them
 from making that mistake
 ever again
 it
 awesome and i love it alright so i would say there's a lot of things people make
 and we're trying to have a new fun hacker cookbook coming out soon to uh...
 fun on your you help make this process even easier but
 that's the point for today
 and i i feel like part of it's my fault so
 we first came out click funnels we talked about click we talked about funnels
 we built this
 book called doc on secrets talk about funnels like everyone got good at like
 funnel structure never became funnel consultants and like they structure
 funnels like a page one should be this page to you and they like structurally
 build the right funnel
 and then they plug in the person's products and they launch it and then it
 doesn't make any money
 i'd submit that to me today and they're like
 uh... you just let me know like what products in China need to buy a plug into
 funnels like a mike money on the best in your coaching
 all
 near me again
 so the biggest problem people make
 is it's not the funnel like the funnels important right
 but i think saying um...
 that's like saying
 uh...
 i know it's like saying it's like saying you have a retail store and there's a
 bunch of
 really cool banner strategically located it's a come in go to the product you
 want to come to the front desk that's cool
 but there's not like
 if there's not
 like the message like
 that that's the key to understand the market select
 um...
 if you want to be successful in this business or any business like you have
 to do your homework if you understand really really really well who your
 customers what they want with their desires are what keeps them up at night
 what their fears and they understand how to communicate to those people
 that's why ro book number two which you talked about experts secrets
 that's talking about
 like communication and and and
 presenting things like that how to how to like structure a disney way in your
 i'm making an offer for just selling a product and
 and how to how to tell stories all those kind of things
 i feel people are trying to like
 dot com secrets
 is like the science of how to build a funnel and experts secrets
 is the art a lot of people struggle is business because they're really good
 science or the really good the art
 and the reality of both it's not just as if it's just science and anybody could
 plug in any product any final make money
 if it was just art
 then anyone who's created to make money and others
 there's the two pieces the art in the science and so
 and the mistake you make is there either really artsy or the really
 scientific and they do one or the other and they fail because of that it takes
 both
 and so what i would say
 is if you're like uh... a nerdy like
 science person like partner with somebody who's the expert who can be like
 who can do the art if you really are to see far to find a funnel consultant to do
 the fun part like it's understanding art and science that we've together will
 makes this business work and what's makes fun work and what makes products
 sell
 and so that's like a left brain right brain things a lot of times it's hard to
 do both
 on some people got it but if you don't have to show is like my right brain
 my left brain
 i had one of my first mentors alixmandosian he told me
 he said that in every business is two types of people there's starters and
 there's finishes yet figure out who you are and find the other person
 and say the same thing is true with this like
 like you're going to be really creative you really analytical and uh... and so
 surround yourself with the other ones
 can really example that i'm a creative like creating stuff guess what stresses
 me out scares me more than anything on planet earth
 this thing called excel
 super bad i hate numbers and metrics and uh...
 the season's got here is a john
 so i don't know
 i'm still going to have a few love excel
 uh... it's like i'd love it i go to sleep with it and i have a
 that was awkward
 really are
 and i
 so john loves excel and numbers and that's a job
 that's what he does for us
 he was over metrics and numbers like
 ads and like
 all the kind of stuff i can't do that i can't like a lot of the face but people
 think i can rest in a different face because of the you honestly think i've
 ever logged into the ad platform
 and answers yes one time i click the button and popped up in all these numbers
 i was like
 and i closed it
 and i'm grateful for john
 to do that for me because like
 because i'm that i'm like the creative not the the the numbers and so figuring
 it out and understand who you are being okay with that
 and then don't go try like okay learn excel 'cause like
 that doesn't work
 like dot like this gary vayner check right double down on your strengths triple
 down your strengths and find people who compliment for the other pieces
 and uh...
 that is what i would say that good
 you're going to have a
 and i'm going to have it
 who alright
 we survived all right what i'm next to zap next
 time came
 we've got social penguins as a name so so smart painless social smart penguin
 alright i recognize this guy
 hey i thought it was a quick question i'm sitting at a
 all-time for a client
 activities with a lot of the confirmation page
 i have a call of action video
 uh... that prompt them to go into a free trial
 for a different product
 uh... just wondering whether i keep that
 on the confirmation page or whether i stick with a video
 of uh...
 they're not using the webinar to the default click files webinar
 video
 or can i keep both videos
 or should i just have a one call for action
 love you for a time thanks
 alright
 alright social penguin thank you for the question and here is my answer so
 we actually learned something interesting so first off
 i want to i want to preface this 'cause i want someone saying like what was this
 and then you go and do that and you just mess up the whole thing so
 rule number one we do webinars is you need to do the webinar live
 over and over and over and over again to the master message to the final
 hacks within our over seventy times live before we automated k so
 do it live over and over and over and over and over again after you have a life
 and then you want to go automated
 in fact i tell all of the circumstances of the million dollars with the idea of
 permission to make it out of it so there's a there you go
 not making automated
 couple cool things we've that we've learned in the last like two weeks which
 are insane which will be up to some click phones based on so
 we should talk about our webinars right so it's like at the top of the hour the
 auto webinar start
 actually see the step back we should be like
 pick a date and i'm like tomorrow wednesday or thursday and and they pick a
 time and
 whatever
 so we do that first and we should be added in like
 watch yesterday's replay now and then
 it felt like sixty percent sales can people chose that option so i can
 let's do something
 this is something faster to top of the hour when i hit new nor one o'clock
 whatever
 then it would start
 for the minutes of some of the register the first like forty five minutes
 at a wait forty five minutes for webinar
 so because that we put a webinar get
 told people would go get a trial
 but people came in like three minutes three three five minutes before like
 it got more confused to try to get a trial and then what are starting and
 it's just like it just messes up everything right
 so um...
 but then we test something else we're sitting at the top of the hour we
 shifted top of every fifteen minutes
 i don't know the numbers in front of me do you want to brag Stephen about
 ish
 it's pretty much it's going to stop at fifteen minutes they're great and then we
 got even more
 ambitious and we made it top of every ten minutes
 and pretty much from even just fifteen minutes to ten minutes it was like
 two x
 increase in just show up rate
 alone just showing up
 and uh... in the sales in the back also going way up and i think it's because
 most of the time on the webinars right if you get like twenty five percent of
 people actually show up after the register you just
 seriously decreasing up saying that we're going to work to start just a few
 minutes
 yes huge
 alright so
 yes the registrations went up show up a show up and
 it per day everything all ships rose with the tide so i recommend
 is on a webinar is do every the fifteen minutes every ten minutes where that
 is and we're doing ours now in fact we're launching for today we're in the
 process of it
 because i can't do one right so for our webinars were updating launch life
 they basically it's every ten minutes starts
 and after register then there's a video that's like literally ten minutes and
 then it's basically pre-framing
 this is going to be amazing is why is going to be a little and pre-framing
 excited
 uh... to read childies book recently called pre-swasion
 uh... if you have a ready to go read it because it's a really good book
 uh...
 it's about the pre-frame right what they what the frame they go to before they
 get there so there's a video there in the whole goal that is again the
 register or given to the very richard
 get them excited to get show up and pre-sell them to purchase thing on the
 expat so that's kind of the the winter winter chicken dinner so live webinars
 still put a thank you page
 uh... where someone can go get a trial or s l or whatever you want to do
 ssl since self-locutating offer
 now we make a bad cost
 but if you're not a webinars own you're trying to start it just go straight to
 webinar don't derail them
 uh... we have ours actually is our s l actually comes um... forty
 forty eight fifty hours later say day and half later
 or site all by the way watch the webinars is really cool thing so
 we delayed it there
 uh...
 so we don't so hope that helps that good you guys
 who are i will talk to my
 who
 k
 alright up next
 always a familiar face k up next is mark
 what's a mark
 russell mark lume here from the inner circle
 uh... here's my question
 i'm one year paper buyers
 uh... probably in the top ten i think about everything you've had
 thank you
 recommended
 i have
 list for a from diller
 in five camp for top round
 and i just signed up for software secrets
 i'm doing expert secrets master class
 my question is
 when you are hyperbier
 and you buy everything like you've done in the past
 how do you get focused about accomplishing
 trying to do multiple things and multiple times
 uh...
 i know probably have to focus in one thing but
 you do any different things
 so just
 would like you to uh...
 try to answer that question and uh...
 maybe i'll give you some of that
 alright mark
 i think you'll answer my question
 or two questions but i'm answering my favorite else
 in fact we have the board from last time the seven eight
 ken
 alright so first off thank you mark me hyperbier i appreciate that uh...
 but what's more important in hyperbier is being a hyperimplementer
 so
 the reason why i'm able to a lot of stuff is because i implement and launch
 before i move on to the next thing
 so i implement faster than probably any human being on planet
 there's a couple people in your circle that are pretty good to uh...
 that's the thing
 buying everything and learning everything doesn't do anything right
 so i'm going to walk into this is uh... we talk about some of the story
 which i think you're at so this is good for everyone for you especially so
 uh... basically
 here's the progression of companies right from zero to a million million to
 ten ten to a hundred ked
 so zero to a million the first thing you're trying to figure out is this is
 the what and how what are you selling
 and how are you selling it
 okay you know you figured out because you figure that out
 it's going from zero to million dollars is really really simple
 but pry time sometimes people a month six months a year five years ten years
 like a bunch of stuff is to figure out what is that what is it that i'm selling
 and what's the cells mechanism
 so what have what i'm selling
 people actually want all i want to create a subway what do people actually
 wants what's the what
 and how i'm actually some what's the process with the final what's that
 what's the way the mechanism i'm used to sell it
 you figure it out to figure out exactly what and how they want to get it
 then it blows up right to get to million bucks fast
 red expert success this is all about during that during phase number one
 you're figuring out
 who you are as the leader for your college for your new opportunity
 you're creating your opportunity um...
 all these both a stack well once we switch which is that
 and switch in fact so this is expert secrets back and read this book that
 helping figure out the what and how
 for that i've been jumps over here and jumps over here right
 so next phase of a new deep in this this this is the folks on acquisition
 ascension monetization funnels
 and then phase number three talk about
 scaling traffic
 alright so for you get a raise up where am i in this business right now like do i
 and so it is going back to be a hyper buyer like i sell a lot of stuff
 because i have people that are all different phases this doesn't mean you
 should buy well you should but for most people you shouldn't
 and skin
 uh... you have to buy everything you look at where my my business something
 dressable crates are for people here
 to get them to have to figure out what and how to sell right program products
 books that that are all folks on this
 so if that's the phasing business right there what and how i try to get
 something that makes a million bucks quickly
 by production services that help
 facilitate that and then implement them like crazy
 don't start focusing on like these things in these things
 because you have to get that piece out first right
 and then is so for me like when i make an investment decision looking
 k where my business does this thing that's coming across my desk is this the
 next logical set for me to take
 if it is not jump in if it's not that is not okay this is not for me right now
 maybe the future this makes a lot of sense but not today
 today this is the phase that i'm in my business came
 and so it's looking at things like that
 and then again
 big piece of it is like
 understanding that and then becoming not a hyper buyer but hyper implementer
 so you get the thing to stop
 and then implement it
 and do anything else like blinders on
 until it is implemented and launched and it's not just like cool
 so few mark i would say
 based on all the stuff you just bought only the idea of i was you is expert
 six masterclass other thing i do i go back to a year and a half ago
 when you're in Boise and i did your webinar live
 uh... i would watch that recording that video and i i would just copy that
 because i already gave you a webinar
 i did it for you
 uh... and then it's all you need i got to just do nothing except for that
 and just folks not one thing the launch webinar get working then after that
 works
 then guess what
 e five is a great product five fits in this phase
 of the thing right here software secrets fits
 probably in this phase maybe in this phase probably more so in this phase
 for you for what you're actually doing
 and so
 look at those things and put them in in crawl out order what makes sense don't
 try to like
 brain double learn everything's things get a headache and you're overwhelmed all
 kind of stuff
 figure out where you are and is this thing can help you get the next step in
 your journey fit is jump in if not
 blinders put it away don't worry about right now
 so
 second
 you go
 if i have to get you i'm gonna kick you if you're doing two things to show up
 next in a circle meeting your i do one
 and she wants a webinar that i read it for you a month in a year and a half ago
 so there you go
 luvik mark drop in the mic
 alright what next week
 who's this official
 trend and
 trend and then and then and then and then alright
 so we see what trends got
 my real self-trend here
 my question is about
 running in my brain agency
 while giving back to non-profits
 i know you're very passionate about my church and my relationship with the
 lord
 and i give back to causes associated with that
 so my question is
 how do you balance that in your own life and in your business
 being able to give back to those causes
 while at the same time being able to
 efficiently run your business and in my situation my practice
 you know
 what kind of
 pitfalls would you recommend looking out for any suggestions on how to manage
 your best
 that type of thing
 thanks
 cool
 awesome
 trend and awesome questions so
 uh... couple things because right a lot of you
 a lot of people get into business and
 they hear stories like the tarmes to do who like
 gives the parachutes for everyone they make and they they fall
 they could go mantic about that
 which is cool but then on top of that
 such like the romance of cool it is like they think like on the singing is
 going to be a marketing hook and we're going to be able to buy and
 all kind of stuff
 and like
 i don't know if you could just feels
 dirty to me like
 so yeah
 that's not a ton of the law people are like
 they're like hey and by the way i mean it's money to charity that way it's
 going to go viral like that's kind of dirty like
 so a couple things first off
 uh... what i say is is the most important way
 to serve through through money like
 things like that is uh...
 i believe in what we call tied right tied this tenth attempt ten percent right so
 it's like
 ten percent of anything that i make not like gross cuz
 i don't even make ten percent of the growth of the company right
 but like at the end i take all money in ten percent and i tie that and that's
 secret like i don't share that i don't feel when i'm doing it like it's
 it's given to things and it's
 i'm a big believer like if you talk about like a cause you're giving to like
 that's your reward right like i'm a big believer in that so
 ten percent of what i make disappears and it goes to what i believe
 and i never talk about that it's just it's just gone and that's
 uh... that's a big thing
 number two i think that it at i'd on your personal time
 like i put it on try to attend my time into personal projects
 not so much money but like my time into things
 where i'm helping serve causes i believe in
 uh... cuz money's one thing but time is different right such another thing
 on number three if you do decide some part of your company for example um
 we
 uh... world teacher a right at all the fun i can live in school is my world
 teacher a i'm going to be going to kenya for my third time in october with
 i think ten or nine or ten of our final hackers which is really exciting
 and so we figured out a way to tie that into the business where ever time some
 bills of fun all the goes live we give a dollar world teacher a and then our
 events raise money so we were i think we've raised on half a million dollars or
 so for a teacher build a bunch of schools
 and i talk about that
 but i also rise like
 because i'm talking about that's my blessing like i don't think the
 lords and give you any more blessings for that because i'm talking about it so
 i know that so
 and that's just kind of my personal beliefs on on the topic
 but i'm also not really like
 and i'm not against using it from marketing but it's also like it's not
 like them
 i don't feel comfortable clean that using as a marketing over to something we do
 and we talk about it because
 it's a cool thing inspires people and gets other people to want to give and
 want to serve and it's an inspiration thing so i think
 a lot of times like that's why
 tiny something that into your business is good because it helps your your company
 your your culture like your people
 to go into something
 but also don't do it at the the risk of like
 uh...
 of her near business i was listening it was a shark tank episode
 and i'm probably last year can't really who was
 but someone came in the pictures thing was like a big in a charity thing
 and everyone's all excited
 and i can't remember his cubit knows it was more unique as lori
 and i can't remember who was one of the sharks
 basically came back and said look
 i'm in your business you need to be as greedy as humanly possible
 so you can get all the money out and then you can be as charitable as you want
 to money make
 but like if you're trying to the business like businesses go under because they're
 taking money off the top to give the charity seems like that
 and i business business like if the businesses if the owners not paid the
 business at work hoping collapses yet to be greedy selfish capitalist in your
 business
 but then when you get the money out then you can be charitable outside that's and
 i can't believe in that so
 anyway i hope that helps
 that's my beliefs my thoughts and
 hope that can help show
 that good
 all right let's drop them by
 who
 can't hold my my phone battery doesn't die on this
 all right let's go into the next what question number we are
 uh... this is nine
 all right question
 straight question number nine coming from
 a russell christian here got a question for you when you're creating content
 how do you decide when to create
 record content and how do you decide when you want to use lary content like on
 instagram
 facebook or youtube
 let me know man thanks love
 alright interesting question so when do you record content versus live content
 and
 i don't know if i know the answer to that
 the real reason is like
 more so not like okay this like my strategy that this is going to be live
 this is not live
 my strategy is first off like i'm picking the channels i want to be in
 right like i want to be active instagram which is why we're doing this
 show this is our show to to serve people instagram
 i've other ones in facebook other things
 but a lot of it is like completely honest here is a role completely on
 seared
 okay it's kind of like taking a big load of crap and you throw it against the
 wall
 and then you look at it and you see what sticks on the wall and what falls off
 and some stuff sticks
 and some of the falls off and stuff that sticks you grab more of that crap and
 throw more of it on the wall right
 like that's kind of it
 so we do all sorts of stuff so we do facebook lives we do record videos you
 mean videos we do this we do that we're just throwing crap on the wall cuz i know
 it's gonna work
 i know what zuckerberg's gonna reward me for on facebook versus larry and
 serge over in youtube i don't know what they're gonna reward so we throw a
 bunch of crap out there and you see what sticks what works
 what gets traction what doesn't what doesn't what does you do more that what
 doesn't we do less of that
 and so
 that's kind of it
 and sometimes a lot of things works and nothing works and you know no
 that's why tell everybody in my inner circle and to come up coaching like
 like all of our stuff right like expert secrets like
 first you should do is doing a live
 uh... facebook live every single day and the reason why is because you know
 what's gonna stick
 came at the committee by acting secrets launch
 is to do a facebook live every single day you know one
 day one and a two and a three and a four and like nobody cared nobody listened
 but after like
 uh... this ten-th or eleventh facebook live was the one that hit
 got like four five hundred thousand views
 blue was fan page needed the next one bomb bomb bomb bomb next blue up you
 don't know
 it's just like very much a crop against the wall and see what sticks
 instead of six do more of that
 which there was a more clean
 pretty answer that's my answer
 i hope that helps i read out the mic
 who k
 my batteries down twenty percent so we're gonna go last question for this
 dies
 i question number ten is
 that's a that's a
 high-risk my name is not a and my question is
 how do i target people on social media
 and make it fun also that people
 and by products from my store
 i sell things from home decor to clothing items
 and the difficulty comes in
 when purchasing that through a funnel because i am using a white labeling
 service
 what is the best way to go about
 great
 you know how to skin okay so it's hot this question was she says the source of
 homeless stuff
 but she's a white label service of some of the dropshipping i'm guessing it's
 kind of the the answer
 so i say the biggest problem that kind of business is like your margins are
 small right to drop from someone else
 which is okay
 uh...
 fact i talked about this with a lot of people like flex watches when we work
 with them on the profit we talked about this we talked about other places like
 what is e-commerce stores are awesome but the problem with e-commerce stores is
 hard to profitly drive traffic into them right
 so i would do is i would look at it
 what is something that i can get that that like my dream client the person is
 going to buy all the rest of the stuff in my
 in my e-commerce store in the future
 what's the thing i can create that would get them exciting them to raise their
 hand
 and create separate funnel
 outside of this whole store i try to buy stuff from china or create info
 products or some kind of thing
 you can have this a front and front i believe every e-commerce store to have a
 front and funnel in fact
 shopify
 most of the years of the shopify store but shop back is an article on the site
 that says every single shopify store should have
 uh... front-end funnel so you have a front funnel with the goal of front
 and funnel is to be profitable profitable through paid ads
 so you create a front and funnel and so for this i don't know exactly
 yoga leggings maybe you find like
 a special kind of yoga leggings and you go buy them directly a profit margin in
 there
 you create a funnel it just has that right and then you go and you sell that
 if you buy that thing and then what happens is they buy the purchase to
 become a customer they join your list and now you can say hey thanks for
 buying our sweet yoga leggings deal
 by the way this is part of our store click over here and send it to the store
 they can go shop around and find all the other stuff
 okay it's just like if you look at the real world
 putting quotation marks the real world's becoming fake and the fake world's
 becoming real
 but in the real world you get a coupon in the mid in the newspaper that's like
 hey come to the grocery store we have Fred Meyer here what's the growth is that
 a friend Meyer whatever and you're
 hot dogs two for the price of one you're like hot dogs i want to go hot dogs my
 kids tonight so you go there because there's this front and funnel brings you
 in you go in the store you know where the hot dogs with the hot dogs and you find
 the hot dogs and then you look around you're like oh there's
 buns there's cash there's mustard there's barbecue sauce there's all the other
 stuff and you walk around and you find other things and like
 you walk in the store trying to get two for one hot dogs and you leave
 spending hundreds of thousands of dollars well that's a
 that's a real big party maybe a thousand it's gonna be a big party
 that's how it works and the same thing works in the world like i'm on Facebook
 strolling around and i want to see a super good funnel offer deal whatever
 that is then we see they're gonna buy that thing and now you've got them as a
 customer now you get introduced into your actual store but sending someone from
 an ad to a store very few people made that profitable
 so don't try build a friend and funnel bring people in profitably and then
 send your store on the back end that's what i recommend
 and uh hope it helps that good oh all right there we go
 we've dropped the mic okay so of our 10 questions so as you guys know the way
 we play this game is at the end whoever's got the best question we ship them out
 a drop mic so do you guys vote yeah all right so we have a vote
 who's got the answer is everyone agreement the winner
 uh this is boom man congratulations
 so Matt just wanted to drop mic um what's Matt to get it
 the DM me yep i've still learned dms um there's an other tab i found about
 recently where there's like thousand messages i've never even seen
 so if the past winners DM me and i didn't get it i'm gonna see if we can find
 that so DM me man and we will send you out your drop mic shoot for your address
 we'll send it out i must also my voice also if you
 enjoy the show every Thursday we're trying to the same time
 um hopefully ish that's the game plan and then um also if you want to see back
 episodes go to drop the mic show dot com we have all the back archives there
 we have that you can watch the entire episode or we're going down question by
 question into individual videos with the transcripts you can find the questions
 to other questions that people have been asking which is kind of cool
 in fact here it is right here you're gonna pause there quick
 and right here you can see here's the different episodes in the past if you
 click on that click on this right here it's got the full episode right here if
 you scroll down these are all the questions that we're asking click on
 one of the questions and then there's the actual video response plus
 the transcript you scroll down the whole transcript of it as well
 so that way if you guys want to see if you have questions maybe something's
 already asked them so go to drop the mic show dot com
 and you can hang out over there that's where the party's happening
 and that's all i got you guys so thanks so much for hanging out with us today
 appreciate you guys all tell them about the show make sure you show up next
 week if you have questions for me go and submit them now so you don't
 forget um and we'll go from there thanks everybody and we'll talk to you
 soon
 one more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling
 books book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy
 at expert seekers dot com and book number two is called dot com secrets
 and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com
 inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used
 to become the fastest growing non-vc back sass startup company in the world
 (applause)
 (upbeat music)
