 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast today
 I'm even going to rant it's gonna show you doesn't matter if you're selling physical products network marketing products
 If you're selling local services whatever it is you're selling this process the expert seekers process
 We've been talking about is the same if you enjoy this episode
 Please go to iTunes and rate and review us with that said let's jump into the podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 What's up everybody this Russell again and I have a little bit of a rant and I hope you guys are okay with that because it's something that
 I keep trying to get people to understand and they keep not understanding
 So no offense to everybody because I probably said a lot of places maybe didn't hear it
 So I'm telling you guys right now right here
 So you will hear anyone understand the question I keep getting from people is like well
 In fact, I got a question last night in our new to comic club X coaching program
 And and I responded to it and then it just last time I'm thinking about it today
 I'm like I need to talk about this because I want to put this to rest once and for all
 So in the future any of you guys here anybody who's an e-commerce talk about this
 Please tag them post on this link this video's podcast is gonna be all over the place
 So let them know because this is the key they need to understand
 So a lot of people come into my world into the funnel world
 They're like well
 I'm selling stuff on Amazon or Shopify some physical products and so I've got some examples of physical products
 Maybe you're selling supplements or you're selling jars or you're selling buttons or selling markers like whatever
 You're selling and they're going through this stuff
 You're like well funnels are really cool. So how's it gonna work?
 And then I tell you like go read this book expert secrets go read the book dot com secrets and the first thing is like well
 I there's no face to my company so this stuff hasn't worked for me and
 I always just want to cringe for anybody who thought expert secrets is only about selling information products
 You missed the whole point of the book. Please stop go find your copy of the book start at the very beginning and this time
 Look at it from through a lens of whatever it is that you you are selling
 Okay, if you're selling physical products info products supplements network marketing like whatever it is
 You're selling this book is the blueprint for that and if you're saying well
 This doesn't work for me because my business. I don't do this instead start thinking boy
 Wait, how should I like should I do this in my business?
 Like how can I use this in my business like that should be the the thing with your mind is how can I use this from my
 Business not oh, I can't use this from my business people always tell me over us my business is different
 No, it's not different. You're just not doing it right. Okay, start thinking how to actually implement this into my business
 Okay, for example a lot of people like Russell's works for you because you know you have a software company every other software company
 That I'm competing against does not do this
 Okay, if you'd ask me that if you ask people if I were to release this four years ago and told people to read this
 They'd like well, this doesn't work for sass. I'm not selling information products
 It's like no like you're not seeing me actually do this to sell sass to sell software as a service
 Okay works for that so it works for supplements works for everything
 Okay, so I want to kind of walk you through just a really quick quick
 Like two-minute breakdown of how this concept works with physical products
 Okay, but again, this works for anything plug-in non-profit
 We've got two I think two or three people now who have hit in the two comic club selling non-profits using all these these same principles
 We've got
 Tons almost probably a hundred plus who are selling physical products who are doing it like now internet marketing network marketing
 It works for all of them works for software works for whatever it is you're selling. Okay, it doesn't matter
 It's it's agnostic about what is your selling the principles work the same in all of them. Okay, so again the comment yesterday
 I saw was like Russell
 You know, there's no there's no face to my company. So this isn't gonna work
 My first thing was be you need to have a face to your company
 Okay, there's a reason why there's a face of clickphones because people
 Can connect with the human being if there's not a face and not a person you become a commodity and people are gonna go off price
 Go off of what feature they got this feature for this feature if you have a face of personality
 People will bond with you and they will follow you to the end of the world. Okay, I promise you that
 If you haven't if you were in the last fun hacking live you may have missed it you're seeing it happen
 Okay, I'm practicing what I preach every single day. Okay, that's number one number two
 This whole book is about how to create offers bring out what you're marketing and actually creating an actual offer
 Okay
 In fact for those of you guys who wonder if you ever in my little bios and what they're also
 There's this this and this and one the top super fillets in the world. Okay, the same concept is how I became a great affiliate
 Okay, so I'm gonna I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna go through some examples and put my chair
 Hopefully this will come out and make sense. So let's say for selling physical products
 Say for example, Organify so the Organify this is my buddy Drew's
 Self-mit it's a really good stuff. I take every single day
 There's picture of Drew on the back those who are watching the video
 Drew's funnel and I love these guys their funnel is not the best funnel in the world the copywriting is not that good
 The cells are not that good. What do they have? They've got?
 Personality a brand a person a human that people trust they like they know and they follow him through this movement
 Which is why they've done so well with Organify, okay?
 Now if I was gonna go sell organifies an affiliate first thing I look at saying okay
 They're selling a product here as you listen to me or Steven rant about this a product like
 Steven the last I lost fan of everyone stand up and raise and say I will not sell a product again
 Had everyone chanting that with them. Okay, a product is not how you win this game
 How you win this game is by creating an actual offer so the way I became a really good affiliate for people is I would go
 I find someone who's selling a product and they'd be selling is probably they're doing well with it
 I say okay, how can I make this an offer so I'd say okay, I'm here down my whiteboard
 So here is organify that say this is number one so organify their selling
 If I want to be good affiliate, I'm gonna take this product
 I'm gonna create an offer around it
 So I'll be okay if I want to sell to become their number one affiliate
 Which I could very easily and all the s could do this you pick any product do it
 So okay someone who's buying this what else do they need to be successful?
 Oh, they have organify what if they need to know how to eat or drink for that?
 So I'm gonna make I'm gonna make a book or a video course teaching like the 30-day
 juice
 Reset right boom that comes part of the offer key now
 They got they got green drink together juice reset die what else they need like maybe when they're juicing their
 trying to
 Sleep better nice. Maybe this is like the sleeping system like the greens
 Sleeping system or maybe it's like there. They want some more recipe. So it's like you like
 20 20 ways to put green drinks to make something right?
 So how would I go and try to make a whole bunch of recipes and ways to like turn these green drinks into really healthy foods and I
 Don't know whatever you do
 But I would create a whole bunch of things I put a bunch of things together and I make an offer where there's the total value
 Blank right and that would go back to all people buying organify. Hey, you buy organify and get it for
 100 bucks to sell here or you get the same offer be here
 I'm gonna give you organify plus this plus this plus this and I make an actual offer
 I'm gonna go out there and destroy every other affiliate including them selling their own product. Okay, there have been
 affiliates
 Times I've gone it and peroni somebody's product and actually sold more of the product than the actual product owner
 I do that by turning their product into an offer and make it irresistible
 Okay, so there's an idea for supplements if I'm gonna be selling a supplement. I'm gonna go out there
 I'm gonna go and create an actual offer. So not just the supplement supplements one piece of the offer
 What are the other tools and systems? They need to make an amazing irresistible offer? It's gonna make them whatever is the result
 You're promising right okay, so for econ people so let's just say you're e-commerce person. You're selling this little coffee mug thing
 I tried to find something random here today. So this is nice little coffee mug. It's awesome
 I'm selling Amazon and you're like Russell
 I don't know how expert secret stuff works for me. We're just selling little coffee cups like there's nothing to this right? I'd say in fact
 Those you guys remember from a university
 I did two I did I did bolt proof supplement funnel and I did on it supplement funnel both of them are not very good fun
 I was both had built 10 to 30 million dollar a year supplement brands because they follow the steps in this process the expert secret stuff
 Right so if I'm selling this to an Amazon make some money and I'm like scared the Amazon is gonna crush me or that
 And get a you know booted offer. I just want a diverse fire want sells for it's actually worth
 I would take this product. I would turn it into an offer. I'd be step number one right?
 So this is something that keeps coffee warm. I'm assuming so how to make this an offer
 Okay, so I'd be going back to expert secret sink. Okay, which what's market the sins the health well through relationships
 Okay, it's probably in health because people drink coffee a lot of times because it's the health reason right so it's in health inside health
 Like what is this like? What's my sub market?
 Excuse me sub market is
 Yes, the sub market then are people who are drinking coffee to become healthy
 So you have health then you got coffee for health be sub market and then what's my niche? I'm gonna create well
 I'm gonna create a niche that
 Let's just say so Dave Ashbury with bullproof rides like putting putting butter in coffee
 So let's say I'm gonna go on that tangent
 So his whole market is like teaching people that and tell people go I buy butter and put it in so my my sub niche
 Could be like I'm gonna give you guys the kit that you need to be able to to make bullproof coffee on the go
 Maybe that's my sub market. I'm gonna create right so take this this is the physical product now
 If I want to compete in a funnel I need to make this an offer
 So I say okay first thing you're gonna get what you sign up right now is you're gonna get the physical cup
 Which is really really cool the problem with that's all that this is there's probably 500 other people selling this on Amazon right?
 So because we're also in the exact same thing
 What happens is the race to the bottom everyone's getting cheaper and cheaper cheaper cheaper cheaper because whoever wins is the person who got the cheapest product
 An Amazon right so I don't want to be constrained by price if I'm constrained by price
 I'm gonna lose this game every single day. So what I'm gonna do is that instead
 I'm gonna take this out of a price constraint where people are gonna be judging me based on somebody else
 I'm trying to do a special offer where I'm the only person on earth that can actually sell is because it's my special offer
 So number one would be this cup right it's really cool cup number two would be okay
 Well, what else can I put this offer well, maybe I sell coffee or maybe it's hot chocolate or maybe it's cacao
 Or maybe it's something that actually go in there
 So that'd be the second part you're gonna get this plus you're gonna get this stuff
 You can actually make this really good then number three
 I'm looking at my office. See what else I can I can plug in this offer number three
 Let's say there's a really cool weight loss plan. I want to make with this rice
 It's like let me show you guys how to have more energy in the morning have more focus
 So you're gonna get number one you need the coffee cup number two you get the actual coffee number three you're gonna get
 The my my secret eating plan actually boost my mental performance as an entrepreneur number four
 I'm gonna get the next thing and I go through an axe create an amazing offer right now
 I can go and even though people are selling on Amazon for like, you know, I don't know how much these costs 10 bucks
 Let's say I can now go and because I bundled together a bunch of things
 This is now worth 30 or 40 dollars because it's an actually an offer now people going Amazon bank hates the same price
 It's you know, it's the fourth the price over there
 But it's actually worth four times more because we turned it into an offer
 We bundled a whole bunch of things together and now it's something that is different that people can't price go
 I go with price. I'm the only person actually has this special offer that makes sense. Okay now to take the next level
 So I'm just creating an offer now
 It's like now what like now is creating a brand a person a movement behind this right Dave Ashbury did is so good with
 Bulletproof where his whole he had a story now of like him. He was overweight. He lost a bunch of weight
 He was hiking the whole story hiking him laying mounds and these guys gave him some yak butter tea drink the yak butter tea
 He felt good his brain was lit on fire
 And he rising to put butter in his coffee and Dave started this movement right when people are putting butter in their coffee
 This is weird thing. He did okay, same thing. I'd be like this if I could here's my here's my my product
 Here's an offer. I've created goes with it
 Then what's the movement like what like what are people tapping into besides just that like who am I?
 What's my story? I need to share this right? Why did I create this? What was the reason? What was the purpose?
 Okay, if you could drew drew had a whole story about why he created it organifi?
 What was the reason what was the story behind it? Okay?
 And so for you guys like if you want to transition from selling physical products or a network marketing product or
 or e-commerce or
 If you're an affiliate selling other people's products like it doesn't matter what it is the system the process is the same
 It's taking that thing and turning it from a commodity into an offer
 Okay putting together a bunch of things that are unique to you interviewing people. Okay, like I go an interview Dave Asbury
 I could go interview someone who's a
 An expert in whatever and put that part of the offer like I make this thing amazing increase the value of it
 Okay
 And then I can go and like tell my story like why did I create this?
 What was the reason what was the purpose behind it people buying to that storyline and then from there it creates a movement?
 Now I get a whole bunch of you buying this and my offer and they know my story
 They know who I am then guess what happens in it a month from now six months now a year from now
 But I decide hey, this is really good now. I want to create my next product now
 You have the following in place now you got the people in place now
 They actually care because they're connected to you and your story and your mission and your movement, okay?
 So we guys understand that like
 So many times people come to me and they're like hey
 This isn't related to me because I sawing a different product. I'm selling a physical product
 Right, I'm a network marketing company that's separate from this
 It's like no it doesn't matter what you're selling the reason I've been successful selling everything
 I've ever sold and I've done all of my physical products. I have supplements. I've got information network marketing physical
 brick-and-mortar retail locations
 I've got chiropractors to this I got dentist students
 I've got like it doesn't matter. What is your selling the process the system is the same number one is create an irresistible offer
 I'm selling these markers. I would try to create irresistible offer with these markers, okay?
 You're picking your market that you're targeting to okay
 I wouldn't just sell these markers to everybody wants a marker because I'm gonna be competing with everybody else in the world with price
 Okay, so I would in fact if you look it
 I just got these in the mail today from JLD
 How many journals are there out there in the world a billion two billion ten billion?
 Okay, so he does he figured out what's what's the sub market and the sub niche that I want to create okay?
 So he made these journals ones a mastery journal ones a freedom journal
 These literally came in the mail today. Okay now if I was to go and competing against price on journals
 You need a journal for nine cents. You get lots of super super cheap. Okay, so instead what he did is he took this journal
 He picked a sub market that and they spoke and create something specific to them
 Then you had a really good offer behind it and if I was an affiliate I would make this offer even better
 I'd go create
 Interview me
 I go interview five people who understand mastery different levels. I interview someone mastery it physical fitness weight loss
 business
 entrepreneurship
 Athletics I interview five or six people who have mastered something in their life and I would go make this an actual off
 You get the mastery journal plus you're gonna get an interview with so-and-so
 Who's the number one guy at whatever pushing an interview so it's and I'm like I would create a really good offer
 His offer is good before I meet affiliate for that make even better offer. Okay now. I've got those kind of things
 I'd say okay. I'm gonna create a movement of people who are gonna go through this with me together
 We all want to master this stuff together. We all want to drink
 Green drinks together. We all want to drink bowl proof coffee together. We all want to
 Use markers to sketch out our funnels whenever it's like I'm making those group people on creating a movement of all this together
 They want to do something I'm gonna become the leader of that movement. I'm gonna put my flag in the ground
 Say look this is my movement. I am the leader come follow me
 Then come follow me and then all these extra principles secret principles start working now. I got a movement following that
 What's our future based movement? What's our cause? What's the new opportunity?
 I'm trying to provide for these people and when I figure those things I'm putting them together and building this following of people
 What's happening is they're all buying my physical products are my my network marketing opportunities
 They're all by my my local chiropractic care. They're all buying my teeth cleaning cyst
 Like it doesn't matter whatever it is the process is the same
 Okay, and I'm building this this community people who love me that trust me to know who I am
 They're all part of this movement and now when my second product line comes out
 I can sell exactly as you want and now boom. This is we start incrementally not incrementally
 I start growing very very rapidly your company, okay
 That's why I was to help people I take any physical product brand wrap the expert secrets model around it
 And you will hundred extra company overnight
 It's like giving us a shot of adrenaline and what you guys all understand that no matter what business you are in
 I know that a lot of you guys are a lot of types of businesses
 So instead of as you're going through this process when you're reading expert secrets and doc on secrets and listen to my podcast
 And I was kind of thing that says oh that doesn't work my business
 Instead stop and say how can I make that work for my business?
 Okay, that's it. That's the magic. That's the big secret
 It's shifting that that thought in your head from all this doesn't work my business to how can I make this work for my business?
 And if you think for five seconds for ten seconds
 I promise you this is the shot of adrenaline for any business that you are in doesn't matter what you're selling or who's product
 You're own product somebody else's product. Okay, whenever I wanted to be an affiliate whenever people ask me to fill it
 There's I don't just like
 Except Google ads and run to affiliate offers is because I want to make I want to be I want to be the top affiliate all the time
 Okay, I've won cars. I've won
 Massage chairs. I've won insane amounts of things watches
 I want my everything you can dream about an affiliate and wasn't because I was selling the same product everyone else was I was
 But no, I had made mine an offer I took their product
 I figured what else can I do to provide more value to this thing?
 And I took a you know and and I do this a lot of times back when product launches were happening all the time in my
 In my marketplace is the ones I was in I'd say okay everyone's selling this course for a thousand bucks
 So how do I make this worth ten thousand dollars?
 So if I can do that then everybody for me versus the product owner or any of the other affiliates
 And so I created an offer that was so irresistible that they had to buy through me
 I had people literally buy the product once and they buy again just because they wanted my offer
 Okay, that's the magic we're talking about here with creating really really good irresistible offers
 That's just be thinking through okay. So again if you're looking at whatever business you're in okay. I'm a network marketer
 I'm gonna I'm selling ecom. I'm doing whatever first questions. How do I turn this commodity this thing especially network marketing?
 You got you versus hundred eighty thousand distributors e-commerce you versus everyone else who comes up in the search when they type that product into Amazon
 How do I de-commodetize myself by creating an actual offer?
 Okay, that's number one thinking through that. What can I create? What are the other things?
 Okay number two that is like who might actually selling this to keep trying to sell to everybody's gonna be hard when you're
 We start creating an offer. It's really fun. This is why those who are going through the two common club ex program right now
 We're talking about like picking your market and creating your offer the magic because this right here is a cup that anybody who drinks coffee could do
 Okay, the problem is in this commodity that the price drives down by choosing the right market
 The price actually goes up on this if this is a coffee cup for biohackers or coffee cup for
 Entrepreneurs who want to drink bowl proof coffee on the go?
 Suddenly this becomes super more valuable right because I picked the right market to actually go after
 Now the price went up now that the price went up now
 I know the sub market that I'm in now I created offer that relates exactly to that market right?
 What does this market want? Okay? Well if they're drinking bowl proof coffee on the go
 They probably want more recipes are the ways to do it or they probably want interviews with people like Dave Ashbury or
 Anthony Clemeni or other biohackers
 Maybe they want interview with the coffee guys who are in the company
 I can find my favorite type of coffee coffee interview the person who discovered that who invented that product
 Maybe whatever it is and you go and create amazing offer for that sub market
 Suddenly this $8 cut becomes worth $60 or $100 or more
 Okay, now you get a whole bunch of people doing that together
 We're all part of that that of that they all took the same offer
 They're all part of the same market that you have created and now you're able to start creating your mass movement
 Does that make sense?
 Okay
 So it doesn't matter what business you're in if you ask me to consult you I would tell you the exact same thing
 Someone posted on a Facebook a day like how much do you think Russell would charge to box me back and forth for a day?
 People are posting hundred thousand dollars hundred fifty thousand and it makes me laugh because the feedback I would give you would be the same
 It doesn't matter what is you're selling the process is simple you guys
 Figure out what is your selling and then realize that's just one component of your offer then create an actual offer out of that
 Okay, you're gonna sync it to an actual sub niche that you are creating so you're going to market sub market
 Sub-nitch you create that sub-nitch then you create the offer for that sub market, right?
 And then you get people in there and I start creating your mass movement and you start going and then the the
 Audience the group the tribe your building will tell you what to sell what they want what to go from there
 And that's how you scale these things. That's why I could take any any e-commerce business off the street
 We can turn it we can 10 exit we can 100 exit very very quickly by just wrapping with these principles
 So if you learn nothing else from today go back to the expert seekers book with any product any service you're selling and this time
 When you're reading instead of saying this won't work for my business my business is different say how can I make this work?
 My business I want my business to be different. Okay, that's the magic. Okay
 One last story before I wrap this one up. That's what happened with
 Click funnels when we first launched it. I was the every other sas company out there and they were all selling their software
 I said okay, I'm gonna sell my software and for all number one was time I software gets happened boom bomb
 For number two I sold my software a bond of three so my soft four five number six was the offer that blew up
 And guess why because I was no longer selling my software. I created an offer for people
 It's the number one you get the software for free for six months number two
 You know the funnel hacks training system to teach you and doctor you and show you how to use it number three
 I know the next problem you're gonna have is you're gonna don't know right copies you get my copy your system
 Number four you're gonna get traffic and get my traffic system number five
 I'm giving you all the components you need to be successful with this product and I turned into an offer and it blew up
 You're 110 million you're 230 you're 370 and on track this year for 150 million because we created an area
 This will offer for a software company and it blows my mind all the other sas guys out there competing against me
 Haven't figured out yet. It's right in front of the plain sight. They keep on trying to sell their product
 Okay, you don't sell products is then you're fighting a commodity-based business
 You're fighting with the next you create products that this feature and you have this and their prices high and all the sorts of garbage comes out
 No, we're creating an offer it de-commoditizes you it pulls you away from everybody else
 It breaks you away
 Now price is no longer a thing you're fighting with because you are your own thing
 You are separate you're unique and now you have what you need to grow and scale a company
 Okay, and that is the magic that we're talking about you guys
 Okay, if you're doing a webinar you're you're just creating one big offer and you're selling if you're doing e-commerce
 You have a physical and you have not physical but you're selling like a funnel with like like front-end up sell down
 So each thing of those is an offer your front-end is like when I sell my book
 It's a free-plus shipping book, but I made an offer on this right you get books you get training
 You have a bunch of stuff that comes with this the upsell now is a new offer when you buy this you get this and like
 I'm making lots and lots of these offers
 Okay, the biggest thing I tell you guys if you do this over and over and over again
 It's getting good at creating and making offers for people and what's cool about is you'll find out what some things that people go crazy for
 Some things they don't respond to and you just keep making a new offer a new offer and the better more you do this
 The better to become at it and the more success you're gonna be so
 If you're in too common Quebec's program
 You know the homework I told you guys before was go in and find 10 offers that are happening
 10 successful funnels in your business funnel hacking to figure out what their offer actually is
 Okay, the ones are successful have really really good offers see what they are
 What's component number one with component number two and number three inside their offer and study those things so you can understand how you can make better
 offers for your market
 And that's it you guys hope it helps
 It's probably a long podcast in a while
 But I needed to go on a rant because I wanted everyone to understand that this is how this game is played. It's all about creating offers
 Picking the right market and you create offer for that specific market and then from there you start getting people
 You start building your tribe then you create a mass movement
 You can do all the stuff we talk about in the book and then from there then product number two product number three
 Everything else comes into play so that's the game you guys. I love this game. Hope you guys love it as well
 It's so much fun
 Once again, how can this work for your business? Keep thinking that except for me and we'll talk to you soon
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
