 Hey everyone, I'm only is listening on another Q&A show. This is a quick one did
 There's just three questions, but I thought especially question one
 I really liked a lot and thought was helpful for you guys
 I did this when I was in Bear Lake on my family vacation
 Had my cute little dot of noir there dropping the mic and it was a lot of fun
 If you watch the video version on drop the mic show calm you can see that
 But regardless there's some good questions good answers here
 I hope you guys enjoy it and if you can again take a few minutes out your busy day and go give us a rating and review
 That'd be huge for us try and boost up our reviews because as you know a couple months back
 We switched our iTunes URL and we lost all of our reviews
 So we need to get back let people know how much you love it
 I know you're listening because we're in the top five right now of all business podcasts
 I think it's up like 40 of all podcasts as a whole so thank you for that listening
 But we need more reviews and if you can take a few minutes out your busy day and do that that would be amazing
 Thanks so much and I hope you enjoy this Q&A show
 My name is Russell Brunson and I'm on a journey to help entrepreneurs get unstuck so that they can get back to changing the world
 In the past ten years
 I've built a following up over a million entrepreneurs like you
 So hundreds of thousands of copies of my books popularized the concept of sales funnels and co-founded a software company called click funnels
 It helps tens of thousands of entrepreneurs to quickly get their message out to the marketplace
 If you've got questions, I've got answers. Here's how it works step number one
 Go to Instagram and create a video asking me your number one question
 Step number two tag me at at Russell Brunson so that I can see your question
 Step number three use hashtag ask Russell anything so my team is notified and then each week
 I'll pick the top ten questions and answer them on Instagram live after each question. I'll drop the mic
 But for the best question each week will ship you out your own drop mic
 Now make sure you follow me on Instagram to see if I answer your questions live
 asking your questions so that you can get it stuck and get back to changing the world
 What's up everybody? I'm here with down and Nora
 We're about to start a vacation edition of the drop the mic show. Do I show me you can drop the mic?
 Drop it watch. Oh, she's been practicing
 So she is the drop the mic queen down you drop the mic today. So you think drop the mic. Oh, all right
 So we are gonna be doing it. It's gonna be so much fun
 Excited have you guys here and we've got three questions today. Normally we do
 Normally we do ten
 But because we are streaming off a really bad internet access and we are hoping and praying that this actually
 Is gonna work and I could actually ask the questions. It's gonna be kind of fun. So um next you want to drop the mic
 Next you can drop the mic. Oh, nor you want to drop it again. Whoever's coming on
 Nor is gonna drop it while we're preparing. Do I practice? Okay, drop the mic drop it. Yeah, you did it
 So I've got three questions from you guys we're gonna go through and we're sure that the nor is gonna drop the mic for us
 Hopefully that's our work. So I'm hopefully so work. So I got three questions here at Instagram
 I'm trying to load them up on this phone here. I've not pre-listen to pre-read these questions
 So I hope that nobody yells at me or says something awkward. Here we go question number one
 My name is Steve
 I'm a confusion soft Friday
 Thanks for taking my question. My question is about customer CPA and ltv
 I've got a relatively new business. So I don't have enough data to accurately calculate
 what my lifetime value of my customer is
 And so I'm having a hard time knowing how much I should pay
 for
 Each customer what my customer cost per acquisition is
 How would you go about doing that?
 Calculating how much to pay for a customer
 If you don't know your life to a million people using paid traffic right now
 What will I wear? It's in Facebook ads. Thanks. Have a good day
 All right, first off. I am also jealous of that beard. I cannot grow beard. Otherwise I wouldn't sister and Steve kehlen we're live on tv you guys
 All the kids we got all the kids here. So all right, so um nor do I answer this question
 Okay, so Steve that's a great question. So his question was how do you calculate lifetime value if your company's new and you don't know the lifetime value
 So lifetime value is one of those like dream metrics people want to know and they always want to talk about
 I am not a big fan of lifetime value of customer. Obviously I want to make that number bigger
 But um, I don't want to base my advertising decisions on lifetime value because
 That might be six months now a year from now five years from 10 years from now and if I make my decisions based on that
 It's hard to be profitable
 Lifetime value is a good metric if you are working with the adventure capitalists who want to give you a whole bunch of money and home into debt
 And hopefully you'll pay them off in like, you know five years from now
 Um, but that's not what we're about down. Right. We're about making money today. So what I do. I'm not looking for a lifetime value
 um, initially when I'm doing my paid ads, I'm looking for what's my
 ACV my average car value. So how much money do I make on average for a single person who buys one of my friend and products
 Okay, so for example, if someone buys the expert secrets book, I know that my cost to acquire customer right now is about
 I think it's like 11 or 12 to get some to buy the book
 But then in the funnel in that point of sale the break even funnel
 Um, it's more and break even as profitable, but we're making about 32 dollars for every single book we sell
 So that's the metric i'm looking at because now I know I can spend up to 32 dollars and still break even in the car
 So ACV average car value. That's the metric you focus on and think about while you are doing
 Um
 While you are building your your company and you're advertising around that I want to break even immediately at point of self
 My advertising if not means my funnel is not very good. Okay, or some people like to go
 You know, maybe seven days or 14 days or six
 30 days 60 days before they break even that stresses me out if my funnel doesn't break even immediately
 I stop all ads to it and I try to get my funnel better. So that's kind of my recommendation to you Steve
 That's not good. All right. No, we want to drop the mic
 Okay, nor hold the mic. Oh nice one. Okay down. Down's it up. It dropped the mic. Oh
 Question number one has been answered. Okay, so you're question number two now
 Great question, Steve. All right question number two now. Let's see
 Oops
 All right, so this is a little a little harder to do this way
 I'm bad in it. All right, this next question is coming from the lion talk motivation. He's got to say
 Oh, come on loading loading
 While waiting for his video to load nor are you're gonna sing a song just kidding. We're not really you want to sing a song
 Down's gonna sing
 Oh, come on
 Oh, come is loading. All right. Let's run
 Okay, here comes the question
 Hey, how's it going?
 Just want to do the little Benny Capell shout out to those Benny down there in
 Christchurch, New Zealand
 Uh, Russell. I know I'm probably late for the mic drop. I just wake up down here in New Zealand
 Uh, but anyways, I want to share anyway
 Um my question to you is during your clip funnel journey
 I'm I'm sure you
 You count a lot of crossroads and then you will last and you just trying to find a rich and what was your main source of
 inspiration
 That darou did you?
 Thank you
 All right, so great question nor grab in the middle. I think we got the gist is question first
 I say kapow from liz benny's. Thank you for for kapowum us for this question
 As questions as we were building click phones, how do we get the motivation to move forward and to do it?
 um
 So
 I don't know. I think there's different levels of motivation. They come to different things. Um for me, you know
 Part of my motivations. I'm a cradle of creating stuff
 And so like just knowing what we were creating like got me motivated
 I think like we're gonna create this thing and we had this vision of what we wanted to be
 I would say that without a vision the people perish a book what's that your book your first book is I one of your inspirations?
 Yeah, the books inspiration this little guy right here's my inspiration sounds my long entrepreneur, huh
 Um, but they always say that without a vision the people perish the first thing like you have a vision of what it is
 You want to create what you want to do and then I see that and I like go like I see the vision
 I know where we're going and then with with that like I'll try to make as real as possible for me
 It's like okay like when people are using this like what's it gonna mean?
 How's it gonna affect and how's it gonna change them and their lives and the people they can serve and and I think that's what drove a lot of us
 Um, obviously, you know some of the other things that that drive you know as entrepreneurs as capitalists
 We like money and the thought of what could happen like that drove me like man
 This could be something that sets us, you know par for life
 I also thought about like potential
 You know, so you start building a team like employees and jobs and it's all the other cool stuff that comes with building
 And so I think it's just finding whatever gets you passion fired up
 I know but you're too close to her. She's bugging her
 Huh, he's got a baby live. You never know how they're gonna react anyway
 It's figuring those things out and uh
 But having a vision of where you want to go and what you want to create and do and then and then going from there
 So I hope that helps that that can't we drop the mic. I know you want to drop it
 She's dropping them all day today. Now she won't drop it. Okay, dad. You want to drop it?
 You drop this bike. Oh, all right. We dropped number two. Okay. We got one last question for everybody question number three
 Here, hopefully we can get this to stream for us
 All right, so question number three looks like it's coming from oh, I know this guy. All right. Let me see. Oh, yeah
 The bike whisperers want to write your circle numbers. All right, can you flip one?
 Up Russell, um, I have a question for you. So, um, in expert secrets it talks about how you want to start building at the back end
 So build your highest value off for first and then kind of move forward to your self liquidating off or at the front end
 My question is is that always the best case? Um, it seems to me as I've been working like maybe
 It would be easier to start at the front end get a a little an offer that could be self liquidating or close to self liquidating
 So that you can then just have a bunch of people to work with and then even if it's just you're breaking even at first
 you get a lot of feedback and
 You know that that critical mass could help you develop what you need to do
 Later on or to get people through the funnel. So my question is is it better?
 Is it always better to start at the back end of your funnel or is it something that's better to start at the front end and to get a bunch of people to work with that way
 All right, so great questions was questioned
 So people will on the four wheelers going around like crazy on us too
 So the question is as a better starting the back end of the funnel or the front end and in the expert secrets
 Let's you've read it if you haven't got expert secret calm and read the book
 I'll talk about a lot of times it's better to start in the back end and um, I'm still believer starting the back end and the reason why is because
 um
 You know the reason why most entrepreneurs don't succeed is not because they don't have the vision
 It's because they have the vision they start running and then one of two things usually happens either
 They run out of time or they run out of money before they ever get to
 To the answer and so they don't have the chance and ability to change people's lives and do all things that they wanted to and they
 They need to do and so it's hard a lot of times when you spend all this time and energy effort it takes just
 Getting the face with some slime from dex
 Um, it takes just as much time if not more to create a front actually
 I think it's harder to make front end products and friends stuff
 Then it is to build back and high I take a stuff
 And so the problem is like you spent all this time and energy and effort building this front end thing with the goal that just breaking even which is good
 It's a good goal when the problem is like where do you put them to next?
 If I would say like first funnel you build you should build it and then keep tweaking it and working out until it's made you
 Leave some million bucks
 But the problem is if it's the first one's just friend and finally making million bucks
 If you're okay, even you didn't make anything and it's it's uh, it can be disheartening on entrepreneurs making million dollars and not have
 to be broke
 And so a lot of times I think it's better start at the back end because you can maybe you don't work at this as many people
 but you can work more intimately and um and you can get cash flow coming in faster
 And then now that back thing is in place and then you can bring friends to bring people into the the back end
 um
 And so that's kind of my you know, that's kind of my my personal feeling. I just know it's an entrepreneur
 Um, I don't want people running out of time running money before they have the ability to actually change people's lives
 And so that's kind of my my feelings and I think it works. What's the book again expert secrets dot com
 Uh is the book so um that that's my answer start with the back blow people's minds
 Um get results first and then from that you can build out the front end program. So, um, I hope that helps
 That's kind of what I got we think that was how we get answered. This is what I think we think air gubs
 Oh down officially drop the mic. It's been dropped
 It's been dropped. Okay, so we want to tell everybody
 Down goes Bronson out down's out. Oh Russell Bronson's out too
 Uh, anyway, you guys, uh, I hope that was fun for you guys. We'll get time to do the show
 Uh, which is pretty fun. Oh nor says hi. See? Hey guys
 Welcome drop the mic nor
 No, anyone drop the mic one more time
 No, anyone drop it. That's your scaring or anything with that. No, okay. No, it doesn't want to drop the mic
 I'm gonna drop it and we're gonna check out. We're actually packing up today and heading back home. So the mic
 My mom does not want to be honest
 So I'm dropping the mic you guys. Well, that said thanks so much for hanging out today
 I appreciate you guys amazing time if you're bored this weekend watch instagram up below
 I got actually couple shows and things that went live. I'm gonna be showing you guys all my swipe ups
 Much other fun things. Appreciate you guys all and if you want to see in the back archives of these question
 Q&A shows go to drop the mic show.com
 We can watch this drop the mic and your question may have already been answered
 Oh, and by the way, whoever's got the best question each week. We actually give out one of these drop mics too. And so
 Who should win this week?
 Good thing down first second third
 First first all right down to the first first all right, which I think is him Steve first Steve
 Congratulations, you win a drop your mike boom so we shouldn't be out of drop mic
 Just uh message me or my team and let us know your shipping address. We'll ship you out of drop the mic
 And be fun. So uh
 That's how we got nor you want to drop the mic one time everyone's saying they want nor to drop the mic we drop the mic
 Please nor's we drop the mic. Yeah, I'll give you the fish dinner. Okay. We drop the mic. Oh, she's tired. You're gonna drop it
 Okay, she's not gonna drop it
 That's awesome. So, um, I'll be doing this queen day show. I'll be back in town next week. So it'll be happening Thursday at two mountain
 I believe um if you want me to answer your questions. It's really easy. Just go to instagram down below click the plus
 Ask me a question tag me at Russell Brunson and then do hashtag ask Russell anything
 Just in the little description there and then my team will know so uh if you want me to ask your question
 You guys submit it to do it now before you forget and I'll see you guys all again soon
 Thanks everybody and see you guys soon. Bye. Say bye
 Bye boy. Bye. You're saying bye
 Down curse Brunson officially out. Boom
 Bye
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called dot com secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (audience applauding)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
