 Hey everyone, this is Russell again and so last week or two ago, I think it was we
 Uploaded the drop the mic show Q&A here on the podcast and got awesome feedback from it
 And apparently a lot of you guys who are listening the podcast aren't on Instagram
 So first off you should come to Instagram and if you go to drop the mic show calm
 You can see the past archives and things like that, but I think I'm gonna continue to put some of the audio
 So the audio
 Versions of the Q&A show here because I think they're valuable and hopefully you guys get some good ideas out of them as well
 So with that said I'm gonna queue up to drop the mic show
 My name is Russell Brunson and I'm on a journey to help entrepreneurs get unstuck so that they can get back to changing the world
 In the past ten years, I've built a following of over a million entrepreneurs like you
 So hundreds of thousands of copies of my books popularized the concept of sales funnels and co-founded a software company called click funnels
 Nelks tens of thousands of entrepreneurs to quickly get their message out to the marketplace
 If you've got questions, I've got answers. Here's how it works step number one go to Instagram and create a video asking me your number one question
 Step number two tag me at at Russell Brunson so that I can see your question
 Step number three use hashtag ask Russell anything so my team is notified and then each week
 I'll pick the top ten questions and answer them on Instagram live after each question. I'll drop the mic
 But for the best question each week will ship you out your own drop mic
 Now make sure you follow me on Instagram to see if I answer your questions live
 asking your questions so that you can get unstuck and get back to changing the world
 Everybody welcome to the drop the mic show my name is Russell Brunson you guys ready play is everybody
 Okay, so who do we have whose questions first?
 Chris is our first Chris is our first question. All right Chris
 We're gonna actually watch your video now. I've not seen this yet
 They told me that they wanted to surprise me with this video
 I think it's if there's nudity or something so nervous, but we'll find out what Chris has got to say
 Two things and I have something painful to get out my chest number one 11 months ago
 I didn't know sales funnels even exist
 I had never sold anything online
 Family I completely immersed ourselves in your content and it's been mind-blowing
 And that actually been inspired to take has been life-changing life-changing to the tune of this month will be our first month
 11 months later that we net over 20k in a month
 We're already at max bandwidth and our goal is to hit 100k in a month
 So we need a team which leads me to my question Russell
 What are the most painful?
 You
 So that would make it hurt
 Thank you for asking your question. All right, so the question basically if we recap it is how in the world did we build you guys?
 So this is part of our team here is you guys know what's their total team member now count branch total total what we got here
 We're 132 people on our team, so this is a couple things that I've learned about building a team
 Number one they say that a B player
 Excuse me an a player can get 3200 times more done than a B player
 So a lot of times we try to cheap out and get B players. They're like oh, they're super cheap
 But then they don't actually get anything done and so we try to only recruit a players
 So anyone who is here it means that they were a player which is awesome
 But literally like free to replace for you to replace an a player
 You have to hire like like five five to ten people to get like the equivalent of like one really really good person
 Number one is like is pay people really good and get good people because that's like that's like the number one biggest thing number two biggest thing
 I'm a big believer in I tell people my inner circle this all the time is get people who
 Get people who are already like your customers to work for you is a huge part of it
 I'd say my guess is probably 80 85% of our team like click funnels members first before they came and started working for us
 And a couple reasons why number one is like if they're already buying yourself
 They're part of your culture part of your your family like they know what you believe your values
 And it's so much easier to bring someone like that in and bring them into your team
 That is to like bring someone off of a local ad and try to convince them that you guys are awesome
 We had someone we hired a little while ago and it was crazy. She's not here anymore. She left
 Because and she told us you if you want to read quote what she said when she left or is it
 There were horrible people because we try to sell things and
 And it was like
 You hire someone who is on your list who's a customer already
 They know you sell stuff and they probably buy yourself and think of yourself awesome
 And then you know someone's like you're trying to sell stuff people you are evil and we found it later that she
 Political parties also should have been a warning to us. So anyway, none no offense to that. I should be careful
 I'll be careful
 I'm gonna leave right there because no one I didn't go far enough for him to know exactly what was but that's two things
 So no number one higher eight players number two email your list email your customers like I promise you
 I bet your dream clients are on your list and they would do anything to work with you and for you and to be part of the
 Mission and the cause you are trading. So that's number one is that good enough for me. Dr. Mites
 I
 Think I broke the drop mic
 We need some soft this is we have like the thing that there's concrete right underneath it in my house
 I took you about a purple cushion
 All right, we know okay
 That was question number one. All right. So question number two. Who's got who whose number some vibe?
 You know
 Lacy's got number two question all right. So we hear what she's got to say
 My name is Lacy Fowler and I am the CFO of a record
 Chronicles and Russell Brunson. I want to know how do I get a huge Facebook following like you?
 Awesome
 Okay, what's her name again? Lacy Lacy. All right, so Lacy's question was Russell Brunson. How do you get a huge Facebook following like you?
 so this is the key and
 Probably the best even a better case say than me is if you guys have have if you watched
 F atlehacker.tv he watched the biohacking secret story
 Anthony came and we kind of went through this whole process of Anthony made a whole film about it
 So you can watch it when Anthony I started I think it's Facebook following had two people like his mom and me and they're like
 How do we grow and right now a year later?
 He's got like 60 something thousand people it's completely grown and a lot of people think it's like there's some magic trick
 but the real key is like
 Is putting out really good content based ads that are self-liquidating that are profitable and by people seeing your ads
 They will then start following you for example, Anthony's like we've never spent money to build his following like give people the like and things like that
 What we did is I told to the whole Anthony like you need to do a Facebook live every single day
 And there's a lot of reasons behind this
 But one of the biggest ones is to help you find your voice and figure out like what do people actually respond to you?
 So you do a Facebook live and we put like five dollars or so and ask them behind it and just see like what would happen like people
 People like it. They not like it and if it started taking off and say cool
 We put a little bit more money behind it if it didn't we just spend five or ten bucks and then would end and next day
 It's the Anthony do another one and he did a video every single day probably for like how many months?
 For a long time. He's still doing it. I told him he's not allowed to stop till
 He's a billionaire, so he's doing Facebook lives every single day and then we run ads to those and not every time
 In fact, it's not even like the majority of time
 I say we aim one in ten maybe one twenty you get the right message that hits people the right way and it starts growing really really fast
 In fact, I remember when Anthony was starting his I was like make the weirdest videos possible because he's a bio hacking dude
 So I'm like do it with lights in your nose and lasers coming out of your ears and weird stuff like that
 And so he was doing those and those never took off and he just won
 I think it's because he was lazy that day and it was like how to bio hack your vegetables
 And he's like him and he had vegetables in a pan
 He put like a stick of butter in it and he's like this how you bio hack your vegetables
 And it was the first one that like took off it and I'm getting like on a four or five hundred thousand views and shares and stuff
 Like that and so we started putting more money behind it
 And it was working and it pushed him from the ad into a funnel
 So he actually made money on the ads for me to lose money
 But because all some four hundred thousand people saw that he got you know ten thousand people to follow him
 And then the next Facebook live bomb the next from bomb next from bomb next one hit again
 And then we got another ten thousand people to follow him
 But it all came from us organically pushing content those push people to a funnel so for all of you guys
 You know the whole like give a
 Apple a day keeps the dentist away or doctor away whatever that thing is
 Same thing is true for your baby
 You want to go Facebook following through Facebook live a day and then spend five to ten bucks kind of pushing that Facebook live out there
 And the ones that take off then put a lot of money behind it
 and
 But make sure your profit like you think it's not just a Facebook live for your health like it's pushing to a funnel
 So Anthony's if you go to bio hacking secrets is bio hacking secrets bio. What's the name of the fan page?
 bio the fan page
 So so Facebook are coming forward slash Anthony Clemane, which is really hard to just Google go to bio hack
 Yeah, anyway, find the bio hacking page and watch the anthies videos and see it
 And you'll see some got like four or five hundred views some have like a million plus views
 It's because of that consistency and all of them. There's a format
 He like introduced themselves ask people to share it and then does video training and then the enemy pushes to his book
 It's like a three to five minute video every single day like they there's the model. It's done
 It's it's perfect
 So just model it and use it for your business and if you do that if you do Facebook live a day every single day for a year
 I will promise you
 Hopefully I think but if you do that you should have anywhere from 50 to 100 thousand fans of the near if you're consistent with it
 Most of you won't be consistent with it. So do it. All right, and that's what we're on our fan page
 So what are we at now? We're about a quarter million
 Two hundred thirty five thousand and this is a cool thing John sent me how many
 What was this out on how many people have watched Facebook lives in our council far? It was kind of cool
 Million 7.8 million views
 How does it say like YouTube shows you any hours that is have watched times it show you
 So on Facebook. Yeah, so it's like it's like that much watch time plus a little bit and minutes and minutes
 Minutes
 No, like each person watches it like even anyway
 So like like when I do a video on Instagram and it shows me video sites
 It'll show me that and Facebook same thing was like you had
 480 hours have been watched at the end of the 12 second video anyway, I don't know the answer
 Yes, and we don't have fake fall so
 That was a long answer, but an apple a day Facebook live a day. We'll build your following any questions
 No, you have to ask a question the way everyone else says so is that worth it?
 I drop the mic we drop it
 Whoo, all right, okay, what do I have question number three? I'm three
 This goes that's names Obisco you are up. All right. See what you got to say
 For you
 what is the best way to
 Actually influence someone who is currently in a nine to five. Maybe a family member or friend
 That is a daughter of I am to actually that it actually works and
 Actually getting both and what's the best way to help them on their journey?
 So they actually become successful so they can quit their job
 All right, okay
 So Obisco's question was what's the best way to inspire someone who's got a nine to five job to quit and go on their own things?
 All right, okay
 So Obisco, I don't know if you were the fun hacking live event
 but
 Most of us were there and Garrett white gave a presentation his presentation
 He had he had everyone to stand up and yelled us and chant it and everything. Do you guys remember who remembers number one?
 He said I am not a
 I'm not a savior number two. I'm a what I'm a leader. I'm a leader number three is it number three?
 I'm a marketer. I was in the mark. I need to watch the video
 That's pretty good step one or two step number one is that I am not a savior step number two is I'm a leader
 What I would say is if you're trying to convince somebody to quit the nine to five job and leave
 You're trying to save them from something and my guess is they may not want to be saved
 When I first got in this business against my first thing I tried to do like I started like selling stuff and having success
 I was like
 Do this is like everyone needs to know this I started bugging my mom and my dad and my friends and my brothers and my sisters
 And every person on planet earth that I knew I was like trying to shove this thing down their throat
 I thought was the greatest thing in the world and what I blew my mind is that most people didn't care
 They're like oh cool, and then like I'm like but for me
 I was like so excited and I think that's why I'm so passionate teaching now because
 Because some people do care right and they they come to you and so if there's someone that's not naturally wanting to come to you
 Like you don't need to be a savior like they're probably happy they get security
 They get significance they all the things they want from their job, which is why they're there
 The next thing is that the second funnel hacking live
 Because if you're not coming to fun lacking live you're insane the second funnel hacking live Sean Stevenson our three-foot giant spoke at it
 and Sean's amazing and
 And he told us really cool story
 I'm a toy slaughter and mess it up, but like literally I put me in probably the most entire audience in tears
 He said that
 When when there's like a boat that capsizes in the ocean and there's all these people there and they're trying to and they're they're
 Drowning he says the helicopter will come and and we'll try to save people and he says guess who
 He said how do they decide like there's this age 50 people in the water all drowning like who who do you save and
 He asked the audience like who do you think like there's kids there's moms?
 There's the husbands there's like a lot of people like who do you save?
 He says long people you can save the ones there's something towards you
 See those ones that you save and you you take out of the water and what's interesting is a lot of times that we're out there
 We're like people are like going away. We're trying to save them trying to go after them
 It's like you can't say the people that want to be saved like the people are coming towards you like those people try to save
 So for you whatever your message is like go put your message out there to the world and like your people will hear your voice
 They will come to you and those are the people you can say you can't help you can't get the other people
 And so for you like I would say like if you're trying and trying to convince and persuade someone
 That's not the right person if they're coming to you saying look
 I want to be out of what can I do like that's the person to help and just serve and so that's kind of my advice
 So I hope that helps because things are good
 It works
 So Jeremy
 Atkinson
 I'm a marketer. I'm a closer. I'm a leader not a savior. Cool. Thank you, Jeremy
 Hopefully for that right or else just kidding. All right
 Yeah, thanks, man. All right, so who is up
 Jen is up next here we go
 Hey, it's all it's Jim here and I have another question for your job
 I might show on Thursday. We kind of answered the last one by finding some software after we did some research
 So this question is for your book any information on writing your book
 I know it to be there sometime
 I know your marketing strategies with your videos you've uploaded that we I would like some information maybe about
 Publishing how to get that pretty book out without any words in it to get people excited
 Some process maybe that goes into actually developing the book and as opposed to writing or marketing
 So if you have me tips on that that would be amazing. Thank you so much, bye. All right question
 Not the writing of the book, but the process publishing
 Process publishing okay, so the questions the process of the book so
 So a couple ways to do a book as you probably know
 Sometimes excuse me sometimes you can get a publisher sometimes you can self-publish there's a million different ways in between
 and so
 The question is like the book like how do we get the the blank book? So as those who follow this
 We're trying to launch the book. I want to give all of our potential fillets a copy of the book
 But we didn't have the book done yet
 So we just went to create space which is a free Amazon. I think it's free Amazon service
 Maybe it's I don't know and create space lets you do print on or that should you do books and print them and stuff like that?
 For free or close to free. So we've had a designer design the craft the graphic or the image
 Up let the create space and then we put in a whole bunch of blank pages and then we were able to order them
 So that's we did went to upload on their went to create space and ordered
 I don't know hundred or two hundred and have them shipped here and they start shipping them out
 And so that's kind of how we did that one and as far as the publishing depends like you work with a publisher
 They'll do a lot of those things for you like they'll take it
 They've got he's people typically who do the the formatting and design and things like that. So I kept
 So this book we had a publisher so they like we give them the manuscript and they go through
 They have they have an internal designer design all those kind of things and put it into the book and make all the formatting stuff work
 But like these books right here like hundred eight split tests and three core funnels like these ones
 We do all in house like these are all self-published and so
 Same thing we have designer design this I then wrote the book had all the images like they were from either in a word document
 And then with some of my team who's really good at InDesign, which is a program
 I assume I don't really know that it's a software program
 And then she took all this all this stuff in InDesign and then design the actual pages to put it like this
 And then I don't know if you can do this this style book in create space
 I have no idea
 And then if it's great space you upload them and then they print a mr
 Mount if not for these books we found a book printer probably the book printers to give to order a whole bunch of books a
 Couple of the companies one is 48 HR books calm. It's like 48 hours for eight HR books calm
 I know they can print this kind and you can order like I think you order a dozen or maybe you know 20 or 30
 Atime and then they they turn around at 48 hours. They get it back to you really really quick
 So there's a couple printers like that, but that's kind of it just some good designers and you can find good designers
 They can do book stuff like that
 It's called Upwork nowadays or is it the change
 Fiber no up work. Yeah, it used to be Odessa
 So Upwork is good or freelancer comms good to find designers stuff to do internal stuff
 And then you just upload them to the printers and then they do the rest so that's kind of that's kind of the process
 I hope that's that good wait, we're yeah, yes. Yes. I'll do that. Okay, here we go
 That would see yeah, that was a good shot. All right, we have one more. How many more we got?
 This is the last one for the day that I'm gonna go pass out. It's been a long day. I didn't shave you yet
 So long it's been all right
 Okay, who's this?
 Chris Chris as well. All right Chris see what you got
 So I'm watching a new program at my gym and I want to know how can we use a photo to get people to come to my
 Pretty large side of the bank
 Okay, he's saying someone repeat what he said to me
 I
 Want to make sure I got it right what we got?
 Okay, so he's got a gym he wants to how to get how to use a funnel to get people to his pre sign up event at the gym
 All right, so we happen to have a whole bunch of really good people inside of your circle that are killing it
 Alex Hermose gym launch secrets. I think calm I might maybe plural or sing anyway Google him
 He is like a hundred for a hundred percent
 Launching gyms with the pre-launch model like the best in the world. So that's first time to go check out Alex
 But basically the concept like doing a challenge like there's something weird about fitness industry that challenges work
 They do a challenge and do a funnel inviting people to come to a challenge and like that's what I would do
 And then I would go get Alex Hermose is much money as he wanted to do the whole thing for me
 Honestly, it was me if I had a gym that's a story that I would be doing
 But that's kind of concept is you set up pretty much funnel for some kind of con like think about anytime
 I'm your trainers, you know more than me
 But like when people decide to join gyms, it's usually at certain times of life, right like
 It's New Year's Day. They sign up because this New Year's resolution, right or it's like hey
 There's a wedding in three months now. I gotta lose a bunch of weight for my wedding or it's it's
 Back to school or it swimsuit season or it's like whatever that date is right. So I'd be like launching
 I'd be launching some of a challenge like prior to that to prepare people for like summers coming up in two months
 Like now it's time come to challenge time here get them opt in and then bring them into your location and sign them up for the
 Actual page challenge. I can do there at your gym
 That's kind of what I would what I would be doing is I'd be looking at
 at
 The event step back how it is pretty good challenge and then run Facebook ads like crazy
 Facebook for local gyms is killing it. So Alex is a film of all these people's gyms
 I say is hundred percent success rate in getting
 I think I'm out of just like 150 clients in the in the door the first week like it's crazy
 So that's Facebook ads to a challenge page from the challenge page people call text whatever it is get them in there
 And then sign them up. So that's kind of how the process works
 Yeah, that's good all right
 Here we go
 Yeah
 Whoo
 All right, so we dropped the mic so you guys got to like consult each other and pick a winner
 So while they're picking a winner to get the next drop mic
 I just want to let you guys know about a couple things number one is that
 We're trying to make this thing. We're doing this live once a week, which is kind of fun
 But then if you go to drop the mic show calm
 We're putting the archives of the show an entire show, but also each show broken up into an individual question
 So if you guys want to start going there on this database of questions will continue to grow
 So go to drop the mic show calm and you can search in there and it'll pull on all the questions
 They've been asked so far we did 15 or 10 last week five this week and one of the three at 16 questions
 Well 11 questions now by early next week will be 16 and it'll continue to grow each week
 So if you have any questions, you can go check out there
 See if they've been answered so far and we keep building this database with tons of questions for you guys
 Because I want to help get you unstuck so you get back to change in the world. So that's the game plan
 All right with that said you guys who do we picked when the drop mic?
 There you go, so Chris the idea guy if you want to message us your address message me your address or whatever
 And then we will ship you out a drop my congratulations for everyone else's listening
 We need questions for next week. So take a few minutes right now
 Think about your number one question if you have a minute me to elevate it
 What would you ask me go to Instagram and follow the process if you're not sure how to go to drop the mic show calm
 Watch the video to tell you how to do it and then go to Instagram and actually do it
 And then here go back to there quick. This is the page if you scroll down below you can see this is last week show
 And if you click on it clicking up so to this is kind of cool
 They goes has this is the entire show, but if you scroll down we also made each one more further each individual questions there
 And you click on each one and you can get it actually the video of just that question answer plus if you go down below
 It should be the transcript as well. So anyway
 Our gift for you guys help make sure you get unstuck so you can continue changing the world
 Thanks so much watch and drop mic sure everybody appreciate you guys
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called comms secrets and you need your free copy at comms secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
