 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson. I am actually podcasting today from the brand new Napoleon Hill room
 Which I'll talk about here in a minute to announce the death and the rebirth of the marketing secrets podcast
 You're listening to marketing secrets
 With your host Russell Brunson
 All right, they may have sounded kind of dramatic and it is but actually in a really really good and exciting way
 So me as know when I first started this podcast
 Man, I don't even know how long ago it's been it would have been it was pre-click funnels
 So it had been almost a decade ago, which is crazy and what's even crazier is even probably seven eight years before that
 I remember podcasting became the cool thing
 I'm sitting at arm memoir and big seminar in Atlanta and they had some speakers come up and talking about this weird thing called podcasting
 And everyone in the audience was so excited and I was like that is the dumbest thing I've ever heard of I will never podcast
 I'm never gonna say the word podcast. It's embarrassing
 And then my buddy. I remember Josh Anderson was my friend who was there at the time with me
 And he's like no like this is the future and I was like well if I'm ever gonna do a podcast
 I'm gonna call marketing in your car. So remember I bought marketing your car calm and then the guy
 Who was do it was speaking about podcasting?
 I remember hiring him turn a hot to do a jingle for me and so I
 Created this jingle and it was the marketing your car jingle in fact we shouldn't post production play that so
 Whoever's editing this play that jingle seats here
 This is the very first jingle for a podcast. So here we go
 When you're stuck in your car on the daily commute and you get an idea you just gotta pursue
 Something for your business that I take you far
 Now that's marketing in your car
 In your car, it's a proof and take me
 in your car
 We in your car make a perfect plan
 Let's get you equipped
 Give you the tips to market in the fast lane take that trip
 You're listening to marketing in your car with Russell Brunson the best podcast to help you easily launch and grow your own
 online business
 So grab a wheel get in here and mark it in your car
 Your car make a perfect plan let's get you equipped
 Give me the tips to market in the fast lane take that trip
 In your car marketing in your car
 Yeah
 Okay, so that was the first jingle it's pretty bad, but I have that jingle for like six years before ever actually did a podcast episode
 At the time man my business was on top of the world. We had like 60 employees. We had sales teams and marketing
 I thought I was the greatest thing in the world and then everything crashed and collapsed and we removed from a
 20,000 square foot building to a 2,000 square foot building went from 60 employees down to like six and it was one of those times where it was like
 emotional and painful and just it was it was it was tough and
 and I remember
 The new office we got was about a five or six minute drive for my house and as we were as I was one of the first two
 Sometimes I was driving there. I had this impression like hey, you should start your podcast now
 You know you have marketing a car you have the jingle you should you should do this podcast
 And I remember I was like this is the worst possible time that I could do a podcast like I just lost my entire company. I'm in debt everything's horrible
 um, but for some reason I felt this pulled like you should start doing this podcast and so
 um, we figured it out we set it up and we launched the very first episode of the marketing in your car podcast and
 It was literally me driving from my house to the office
 And sometimes I'd drive back and I was doing it three or four or five times a week just kind of die
 Against funny like gary v talked about documenting your journey, but that's literally what I was doing was documenting the journey
 Of us rebuilding click funnels. We didn't or not really click fun. I was rebuilding our company
 Um, and it's funny because if you go back and listen to those old episodes and I recommend go binge listening in fact
 If you go to marketing seekers.com and go to the content hub
 Uh, there's a section there says mark in your car you click on that you can go get you can actually go subscribe
 To the old feed that has all the old market in your car episodes, but they were great and it was like it was me
 So much in like the creation zone. I mean learning marketing again, right?
 And I was learning how to do things and like I remember there's an episode where I was like
 You gotta be a moron to want to make more than 10 million dollars a year in a business
 Like I've never tried that again, you know, it's funny things like I was I was sworn to back then that that now are funny
 There were things I was discovering we're discovering different way to write hooks
 They're just covering different marketing funnels and campaigns and like man. It was like the most
 Amazing for me like the most amazing time of discovery of my life
 Um, and we did I think four or five hundred episodes of the mark in your car podcast
 um and then uh
 About that time is when I think dot com seekers book could come out click funnels would come out
 Maybe even expert secrets and about that time john race who I bought pretty much everything that he's owned in the past
 But um, I remember he messaged me and said he wanted to sell traffic secrets, which is like
 You know, I was like oh my gosh. I have dot com secrets book
 Experts secrets book like traffic secrets book would be the third book in the trilogy
 I'm so excited and then he was like you buy all my domains if you want so I bought
 Traffic secrets and also about marketing secrets and I remember I was like marketing secrets is like
 For me as this umbrella brand of like all of the all of the content stuff we're doing
 And so we bought marketing secrets dot com
 I was like it makes logical sense to rebrand the podcast in the market in your car podcast the marketing secrets podcast
 And so we did that and um, you know changed the intro became way cooler as you know
 Um, and then I've done I don't even know if we even know like three four or five hundred episodes
 Of the marketing secrets podcast and it's been fun and it's been fulfilling
 It was really kind of probably the next season of my life where it was like hey
 We have to click funnels company, you know, two or three million dollars a year and we you know
 I podcasted the journey up to a hundred hundred fifty million dollars a year beyond and it's been fun
 but if i'm completely honest um
 Over the last little bit has become more mature and I think
 The reason why is like I don't know what to share on these podcasts like when I was discovering new things
 It was all like that was what was exciting
 But then like we get more to the optimization, you know of businesses and ideas and building teams and stuff like that
 It wasn't ever like it was harder for me to find like the thing I was excited about and I wanted to share
 I wanted to give you guys and in fact, I remember in phygian
 Um, we were I want to make the clip of this kind of cool if we did have it
 Um, but I was and if we do insert this clip here team
 It was when I was doing my intervention with tony robins. I remember jld
 Right raised his hand and he was like he's like do I listen to every one of your podcast episodes
 Um, but he's like I feel like a lot of times they're rushed like he's like
 I wish he would slow down and just like
 Share more because like I love him
 But like I was like you're just kind of hurting to get him out
 as a consumer your content like I listen to every podcast that you release and I can
 Hear you like just trying your best to squeeze in that time
 Like on your drive to work or wherever it can be
 And it's it's always gold and like I always do kind of leave those episodes thinking like what if
 Russell just had more
 Time to create to write to do what frankly you do best
 And so I I think that chairman is really interesting role for somebody like yeah
 If I'm honest, it's what it's been it's been, you know, my brother messaging like hey
 We have podcast episodes. I need to this week and like oh like what am I gonna talk about it?
 I was trying to bring really good stuff, but it hadn't been as
 um thought through and and planned out as as possible
 Um, and I just know what to go with it. So we kept doing them kept doing them and I think and hopefully you've gotten value from them
 But uh about a week ago
 I was just like what's the future? It's like what should we keep doing it?
 We're not keep doing it if we do do keep doing like what would get me really pumped and really excited?
 um
 And that's what brings us to where we are today
 In fact, uh recently as you probably heard me talk about I've been acquiring old rare books from all my favorite genres
 Like a whole bunch of old mormon books and personal development and business and like all those kind of things and um, I've
 Probably conservatively in the last year. We could count the books in here. Probably four or five thousand books
 I bought so yeah, I have a little of addiction called bibliomania. It's you know, it's it's a thing but um from that we we um
 You know, we're building this big library, but we needed a place in the interim
 So we kind of rented this office to store all the books
 And uh one of the rooms we call them Napoleon hillroom had all the Napoleon hillbooks
 Um and it was here and like but it just didn't look that good
 I filmed a couple podcasts from here and it's like now we should make this room look really cool
 And so we painted it we got some curtains
 We got a bookshelf and then we put just the best books in here from Napoleon hill
 But also some my other favorite authors and mentors and this room became like
 I don't know it became special like you come in here and the energy is
 Just different. I don't know there's something really cool about it
 And so for me, I started coming here. I started writing here
 I started spending more time and just a lot of my creative and energy was happening in here
 And it's just it was really special and then we thought man like
 like we should do something and we keep trying to figure out how do we build youtube videos and all these different things and um
 And uh, anyway, over the last week or so, I had an idea of like, I know what to get me excited about doing the podcast again
 Number one, it'd be fun to do it in here in this room where it's just like you have the
 There's like there's something special something magic in here
 Um, you know being in this room with with some of the greatest minds of all time
 Like obviously they've passed on but their work is here and they're legacy
 A lot of these things are like first edition signed by the authors
 Um, which is just such a cool. I don't know something cool about it
 And that's something like what would get me really like what would I be excited to share
 And as I start thinking there's a lot of things
 Um
 You know, I did a podcast episode a little while ago talking about how we're buying different businesses
 Which has been you know, it's fun and you guys all geeked out like all that I got a lot of feedback from that episode
 But I didn't tell you what business that I bought or why I bought it where the plan is what's the strategy?
 What's working what's not working the ups and the downs like all the journey of those which is so exciting, right?
 Um, I was thinking about and I have a list here of just some of the the ideas of things I wanted to do
 So there's all those businesses like I'll just name off a couple of their interesting so
 Uh, one of the first big business I bought not big
 Well, the first business that I bought was it's called zoom-a-juice is a green dream company
 And I did it because like I thought I was bored. I wanted to challenge. I wanted some fun
 I wanted to be creative again. I wanted to be in the business, right?
 Um
 Like the first decade of my life I was in the business
 I was launching tons of companies and stuff and then
 Um, when we launched click funnels I wrote the books kind of retired from that and I coached other people's businesses
 I wasn't in it anymore. I wasn't doing it
 And I missed it
 So I bought zoom-a-juice as a project to go and to to get my hands dirty
 I want to build a business and just make sure that I'm sharp. I know what's happening
 So we bought that about a bone broth company
 Um called a bomb on bone broth
 Um, I partnered with a friend on a supplement line called blackout and phoenix, which is an energy thing and something put you sleep
 Uh one of my original co-founders and click funnels Dylan Jones created a software company called one pager and we partnered on that
 We just recently bought john reese's company gearu.com
 Um, I also I don't know if we publicly announced this yet, but here maybe as the public announcement
 I just bought lady boss and brandon and calon polan, uh, about magnetic marketing from dand canady
 I bought like we're buying these companies. Um, we acquired, uh, dudely voomley
 Toonley from brad kalen. Um, i bought startup drugs was a t-shirt company. Um, launchy company called understand.me
 Um
 I'm launching new brand called secrets to success. I'm writing a book called secrets to success
 I'm republishing a bunch of these books, uh, that are in the public domain and like there's all these things that I
 I'm so excited to share and to talk about but i've never had a place to talk about like I was share a principle
 I've learned along the way, but how many is like an episode where I just go for 30 or 40 minutes?
 Tony is what like why about
 Aban and why I bought boomley and the strategy and the things that was working was not working like what we're testing like oh crap
 This didn't actually work. I guess almost like going back to the original marketing secrets today, but instead of
 um just sharing you as the the the journey of of this one rebuild and business just click
 You know eventually became click funnels. I'm sharing all these other ones. Um, it has something like so much fun
 And so that's part of the new updates is going to be you'll notice when the new episodes come out. It'll be zoomed juice
 um part one part five part 12 and
 Over time you have a chance to like keep updating the things and obon bone broth and startup drugs and different things
 You can hear the journey behind these companies
 I think it'll be it'll be fun and fascinating and a lot of fun for me
 It'll be things like I can
 You know, I think I can go more long form system and eight or ten minutes on a podcast
 I'll spend 30 minutes going through it. Maybe an hour. I don't know who who knows how long these things will go
 We'll find out to say I'm going to record a couple today. Um, that got me really excited
 Um internally in this company we call these virtual real estate. These are little real estate properties
 Um that we're creating. We're building a team. We're putting them out there
 Hopefully they'll make money for us and some are some aren't and I want to share these ideas with you
 I'm sure the the stuff I'm learning because I'm learning so many good things
 There's there's a magic in being in the business and getting your hands dirty again
 That makes for me makes me better coach makes me better trainer makes me better teacher makes us so we can build better software because I'm
 I'm playing the game. I'm not just someone who
 I mean so many of the marketing gurus did a thing once and then they spent the last decade or two decades talking about like
 Um, I love this game probably more so than anyone I've ever met like I want to be in the game again
 So there's that um also I used to do decade and day calls to my inner circle members
 Why do consulting calls and it was just for them to hear and for a long time was one-on-one
 And then I start opening up where I let other inner circle members into listening on it
 And I was like, man, what if I started doing these consulting calls, but like let you guys listen to when they become podcast episodes
 So I kind of want to launch a sub channel on the podcast
 I'm not sub channel, but just a sub show on the podcast called decade and day where I'm sharing these consoles
 I'm finicking live. It's so many amazing presentations. I want to bring some those back for you guys
 I've never really done an interview show. There's people I want to interview like we just
 Signed a deal with Damon john. We're doing a really cool project him like I want to do an interview with him
 We just we're doing a project with a co-arber like I would love to do an interview with her
 Um, you know like just other cool people that we're working with I've never had a spot to do interviews like get the marketing sticks in their brains
 Um, all these cool books that I'm reading were republishing like I'm new. It's cool. Someone bring these to you guys
 Um, there's a lot of stuff. I'm doing the bio hacking where a lot of I'm doing with the person development like there's just more stuff
 I want to talk about and so
 The thought was like, well, do I cancel the show? Do I do a new show? Do we do something different?
 And I think I still want to keep it under the under the umbrella marketing secrets because that's the lens
 I want to share these ideas with you
 I don't want to share like just like here's a here's a person
 Vellness, you know thing I learned I want to do it through the lens of like how can use this in your business either for yourself to become a better
 Entrepreneur or how to use it as a tool to
 Help people you're serving as well. And so that's kind of the the the game plan for the future of this podcast
 Um, it's gonna be fun. I think
 Uh, we probably won't launch two or three episodes a week like we've done the past might be one longer for an episode
 A week and then maybe some of the short forms
 I still want to do some of these you know the similar marketing your car marketing secret style where I get an idea
 And I'm in my car and I have an idea when I want to share with you
 But I want to do when I'm actually inspired to share the idea not just like hey
 We need three episodes this week Russell. What do you got?
 You know
 One more q&a calls that I think our team's gonna reach out to a lot of you guys for answering questions in fact
 Um, we're setting up a thing on marketing secrets.com if you go to market secrets.com people scroll there
 You can leave them a question and we'll pull those questions in and we can do q&a shows where we have a chance to answer your specific question
 Um, so there's a lot of fun ideas and things
 But it as we started talking about this I got re-inspired of like what this show could become and how I could serve and how I can
 um how I can really lean into you guys and give you guys what you want as well as
 Um helping me stay sharp and like helping me to analyze what we're doing at a different level, right?
 A lot of times these these things are happening in my head
 But where I can talk about loud, um, it helps me think through it a lot of times as well
 And hopefully my team will listen these more so like the team working on zoom-a-joo
 Stay should be listening to zoom-a-joo episodes to know where my mind's at so they can they can run with it as well
 A lot of times I'm a vision. I'm not always the best at articulating it to my team
 So hopefully it's become a good tool for them as well
 So anyway, that's kind of the vision the plan of the future the marketing secret show
 I hope you guys are on board. I hope you get excited if you do, please let me know hit me up on instagram facebook wherever you're listening to these things
 Um, you can do it your phone
 You can take a screenshot of like the actual if you're listening on your phone that take a screenshot is and go to facebook or instagram
 Reverend tag me in it
 I see those all the time and just let me know like you just rustles a good idea or
 Hopefully by the time this episode goes live you'll be able to go to marketingsecers.com and like leave a question if not
 It'll be there in a week or two, but let me know your thoughts and your ideas and and what you think about it
 On top of that, like if you enjoy the show again, please go to iTunes or spotify
 We're at like rate and review and leave the feedback that way I can see those things as well. It'll be it'll be fun
 Uh, I guess you can say that the my podcast is growing up
 Uh, but I don't want to lose any of the energy the excitement from it
 But I do want to have it be where I can spend more time and really think through things and give you guys stuff
 That's gonna be super beneficial. I want to I want to take this podcast from good to great
 Um, you know, I've been talking to some of my friends talking about wife about this lot recently like
 Just the concept. The good is the enemy to great right like why do people not have
 Um, great businesses because they have good businesses why people have great marriage
 Just they have good good marriages why people not have
 Great podcasts. They have a good podcast and I want to turn this podcast from good to great
 I want to make everything in my life. I'm that I'm touching and I want to transition from good to great because
 Um, yeah as long as we're here might as well might as well do the best thing and might be able to do the great so we can right?
 I had a conversation at the unlock the secrets, uh kid event
 With all the kids and I talked about attitude and it's like look you have to go through this experience
 Anyway, right you have to go through school. We have to go through work
 You have to go through these things and you can like you have to go through the experience
 The only thing you can really affect is your attitude, right?
 And so it's like saying if I'm in a podcast, I might as well make it great like I'm doing it anyway
 Um, might as well step back and make it great. So that's the goal. I'm going to try to make this great
 Uh, only ask if I do make this great for you and you enjoy it first off
 Please listen number two, please share like when you hear it up so that that speaks to you send it to your friends your business partners your staff
 Your employees like whoever share these things with people. It'll get me more motivated. Um, obviously download count
 Uh, it's something motivates me, right? I'm I'm a competitor. I want to win and if I come back and the and less of you are listening than before
 Uh, maybe we'll shift it but if more you guys listening more you guys are sharing and um and if I see more people talking about these episodes
 They get me more pumped and more excited. So that's the game plan on top of that. We're also using this as a platform
 Where the podcast is going to be the top the top level of all my content strategies for you guys understand
 It's like I talk about this in the traffic secrets book about
 Uh, the chat to our conversation domination where it's like instead of doing a lot of people do like they say make a video and repurpose it on 50 different platforms
 It's not that way. It's creating a show that then you can pull pieces out for different platforms, right?
 And so that's kind of the game plan here as well as this marketing secrets show podcast here and call it
 I'll be recording it for the podcast and that's going to be the top like you guys on the podcast on my number one goals to serve you guys
 Um, and then from that we're going to take things and we'll pull pieces out to use for youtube and use for instagram and use for tiktok
 Things like that when an episode's done my team sitting here in the room with me and they're going to be listening to like, oh
 This is something you could you said something really cool that we can turn that into a 30 second room
 We can make it a real that'd be on that'll be on
 On instagram or facebook or things like that. Um, and so it's like but the top level content is going to be here serving you guys
 Uh here on the podcast and then from there we will we will pull things out for the other platforms and things like that
 So, um, but that's the game plan you guys and i'm excited for it. I hope you're excited. I hope you learn a lot
 Along the journey. Um, yeah, so that's the game plan. So this is the death of the old marketing seekers podcast and rebirth of something amazing
 Um internally i've been calling it season two which is kind of funny because for season one had whatever 300 500 episodes
 Whatever it was season two or starting over
 And uh, this season may be the only a second season if we like enjoy it, but this is the the game plan for the process moving forward
 So keeping in the loop let me know if you enjoy the episodes which ones you like which ones you don't like
 Um, and it's going to be fun. So i'm pumped to have you guys here
 Uh, thank you for listening. Thank you for being for a faithful subscriber if you're listening this right now
 Means you've been with me for the long term you were here probably for the entire marketing in your car episodes
 If not go back and binge listen those they're fascinating people send me clips all the time like do you remember you said this?
 I know that's so cool though a lot of these initial these these principles that we share in the in the different books
 Like they were first strategized
 On these podcasts like I share an idea and I get feedback and I talk to my team map and I do a youtube video
 And I tell talk about an event four or five times and then eventually became uh,
 It became something tangible we turned it into framework became a book it became a process became a system
 But most of these ideas were initially created with you while I was driving to my way to work listening
 Uh, you know talking on my phone, which by the way, I don't know if he has knew this or not
 It's actually legal to uh to do that. I got a ticket the other day because I was talking on my phone
 Maybe that's the reason why they were the new braid rebrand
 Um, yeah, apparently cop told me you're not allowed to have a phone in your hand while you're driving
 Which I never knew that's like I could have
 Almost a thousand between the two shows that's a thousand tickets I could have gotten so
 Uh, I am repenting of my apparent sins
 I didn't know about as well and uh, we're doing this we're doing this this way
 So anyway, thank you guys so much for listening to me for being part of the show
 Excited for the future excited to share some really cool things with you guys
 I hope that it serves you hope that it changes your business and hopefully it changes your life
 Uh, thanks again for listening and uh, we'll see you guys on season number two
 (gentle music)
