 Okay, this is Russell Brunson. You are listening to the marketing secrets podcast where you're
 going to learn different ways to market and to grow your company. In today's episode,
 we're going to be covering what we call virtual real estate. I'm going to talk about a whole
 bunch of cool things from like how do you wholesale funnels? How do you license funnels?
 How do you fix and flip, which is hard to say, how to fix the flip funnels, how to buy
 and hold funnels, how to create and financing deals and how to find virtual real estate funnels
 that you can use to grow your core company. It's a lot of really cool things we're covering
 during today's episode. I want you guys as you're listening to today's show to think of
 an intention. What is, as you're listening to this, don't just listen for enjoyment.
 I want you to enjoy the episode. I want you to think of how can I use this in something
 I'm doing. This could be simple. It's looking at the funnels you have maybe on working as
 well and how can you use these strategies to make them better. Instead of finding a company
 and flipping it and fixing it up and things like that, how can you apply these principles
 to your own company? Number two is if you don't have a business share or you're struggling
 or you're in the middle of trying to grow something big, this could be a fun weekend
 project or side gig you do just to have some fun growing a business. Have some intentions
 like how can I use this either from my existing business or how can I do this as a side business
 or maybe it's as a business you do with your kids. I recently, I ended up not buying it.
 I almost bought this sock company because I thought it'd be really fun to do with my
 kids. It would have been a perfect virtual real estate company that I could do with them
 to give them a side project to learn these marketing principles. Have an intention to
 go through this and how could you actually use this in your real life? On top of that,
 if you enjoy this episode, please rate and review it. Again, this is the new podcast
 format. I'm testing out. If you like it, it would mean the world to me to go to Apple,
 to iTunes, wherever you are and actually rate and view this podcast in this episode. On
 top of that, share it. If you enjoy this, share it with your spouse, with friends, with people
 that work with you, this is the best way to get this show out for me is for you to share
 it on other people. That'd be amazing. Then if you want me to answer any of your comments
 or questions on the show, if you go to marketingsecrets.com, there's a spot there where you can actually
 leave a live question. I am listening to those. When you send an audio question, email me.
 I listened to it. The best questions will be picking and pulling for the show. Make sure
 you go to marketingsecrets.com. At that site, you'll have a chance to see the video version
 of this. If you're listening, the video version of this podcast, it notes, transcripts, a whole
 bunch of other things. Make sure all those things are marketingsecrets.com and go look
 for the virtual real estate episode. On top of that, the last thing to share is that this
 episode is being sponsored by me. I figured that if somebody else can make more money off
 my audience than me, I don't deserve to be doing what I'm doing. I'm going to be the main sponsor
 for the show. Today's episode is being sponsored by the Traffic Secrets book. You can go get a
 copy at trafficsecrets.com. Discover shipping and handling, and it is amazing. Russell, thank you so
 much for sponsoring your own podcast. Go get your book at trafficsecrets.com. I think that is it.
 That said, you guys, I hope you enjoyed this episode of the Marketing Secrets podcast.
 You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 On today's episode, I want to talk about a concept that we call virtual real estate.
 This is not a phrase I made up. In fact, a lot of things I do nowadays are things that
 really smart marketers are doing when I first got started online and then they stopped doing
 and they bought the ideas or the principles or the concepts from them. When I got started way
 back almost 20 years ago, one of the big things that was the hot topic, the shiny object of the
 day was Google AdSense. We've got crypto as a shiny object today. NFTs as a shiny object.
 There's always something that's the new hot thing everyone's focusing on and that's where
 their attention is at. If you rewind back in time 18, 20 years ago, when I first got into this game,
 the big shiny object was Google AdSense. What's happening is that people could create these
 websites and they were really ugly websites because the reason is you made money when not
 once somebody spent time on your site, you made money when someone came to your site,
 and then they saw AdSense. They clicked on the link. They clicked on the AdSense link and left.
 That's how you made money. Literally, the whole concept is make these really ugly sites get
 ranked really high in Google for competitive keywords and then you make money every time someone would
 come to your page and they would leave. I had friends making 50, 60, 100,000, 200,000, 300,000
 dollars a month by making these crappy, ugly websites. I remember the time John Reese came out and
 he was one of the guys who was making a ton of money doing this and he coined the term virtual
 real estate or VRE. He starts saying you got to create these VRE properties, these virtual real
 estate properties. Each property you set up this site, you get it ranked in Google and it makes
 $500,000 a month. They say you make one. It's just like having actual property, buying a house,
 like cash flows, $500,000 a month. He says you make one and then create a second one and a third one.
 I remember back in the day, people came out with different software programs. There's one
 called Traffic Equalizer. There's a whole bunch of other ones that came out that would make these
 sites even faster for you. That friends like David Fry, who went and he built a whole team, he had
 in his basement of his house, I think, or maybe his office, he had this production where it was
 like they had all these different people and they were like, all these high school kids come
 home from high school and they'd have computers and there was like maybe 20 or 30 computers in the
 room. The first guy, all his job was to do is go buy domains. So he had above his desk, he had
 this checklist like step one, two, three, and the guy would come home from school, sit down and
 he'd just buy domains and then he'd go to the guy number two and the second desk was like,
 hey, your job is to go and do these five steps. He had a whiteboard with the five steps that
 guy. And next thing, he built literally a shop of people that would just come in and they'd
 buy domain, set it up, run Traffic Equalizer, do the backlinks, do the thing, and they would just
 mouse producing. So he was creating 10, 20, 30 of these sites a day and ranking him and getting paid
 money. And it was like buying virtual real estate. I was like going to Boise, Idaho, before it was
 Boise and buying all the property and sending houses and then playing Monopoly. And it was the
 thing for a long time. And in fact, John Reese even had a newsletter called the virtual real estate
 secrets newsletter. And he published it. And I was a member of it for two or three years,
 where you get these these print newsletters in the mail, where you'll be talking about
 virtual real estate. And then as all good things do, they come to an end. Google slap it, they
 stop paying out these things and it stopped being profitable. They stopped ranking sites that were
 ugly. The only goal was to keep people to leave because they wanted to rank sites that had good
 content and things like that. And so the whole industry kind of disappeared overnight. In fact,
 I had a lot of friends who were making insane amounts of money who went bankrupt at that time
 and never recovered. And so anyway, there's a whole other lesson for another podcast episode
 we could talk about. But the concept of virtual real estate was so intriguing to me. And afterwards,
 John shut the newsletter down and kind of forgot about it. And when I came back and bought pretty
 much everything from John Reese from traffic seekers.com, marketing seekers.com. He also in
 virtual real estate seekers.com and I bought that from him and I bought the concept in the
 all the intellectual property and things that around it because I love the concept. And I was
 talking about this in our world of funnels and building businesses that a lot of times, and I'm
 probably one of the people that causes this, I'm all about building a business that you're passionate
 about that you love that you can change the world and you can do all these things. If we read
 expert secrets all about creating a mass movement of people, you can change their lives and how do
 you do that. And I still believe in that. That's what my mission is to click funnels is. But I think
 sometimes I probably overwhelm people because some people are like, I just am trying to figure
 out to make an extra 100 bucks or an extra 500 bucks. Like, how do I do that? And so there's a
 time and a place for that. So at last year's Funnel Hacking Live, I did a special nighttime
 session and I called it virtual real estate secrets. In fact, the subtitle was how to build
 the virtual real estate empire by fixing, flipping and investing in small cash flow funnels. And
 it was really fun because before that event, I wanted to show people that while I still think
 that everybody should be building a business that's literal goal is to go and change the world,
 there is a time and a place like, let me build a virtual real estate property where I can
 create an offer, set up a funnel, drive some traffic to it. It pays me 500 bucks a month or
 200 bucks a month or whatever that is. And maybe I create two or three or 10 of those things and
 they're all cash flowing and I can have a really good business doing that as well. And so in that
 presentation, I shared a whole bunch of ways that we're doing it. Some of the ways I showed how
 I was finding virtual real estate products and I was flipping or I was fixing them up right to
 flipping. So we're built, we're buying them because I know like it's only making X amount of money
 right now. But if I do these tweaks, these changes, I can get it to make this much money that I can
 resell and make a profit, right? Just like we are in houses, right? If you watch HGTV, that's the
 whole model, right? They buy a cheap house, they come in, they rehab it and then they flip and make
 more money, right? So talk about flipping and flip. Yeah, flipping and fixing and flipping.
 Whoa, there you go, fixing and flipping funnels, right? I was talking about like finding funnels
 that we're gonna that are that are cash flow funnels are just gonna make us 100 bucks or 500
 bucks a thousand bucks a month and a whole bunch of cool ideas. In fact, before FHL, I think my team
 was gonna kill me about six months prior, like let's build a bunch of case studies. And so
 we started doing a whole bunch of case studies that I shared in this presentation. Now, I know
 some of you guys are gonna go to those pages now and like, are they still live? What are they doing?
 The reality is most of the sites, while they were fun and we got some money coming from them,
 when all of a sudden down the time after I was putting into it versus some of the other projects
 weren't as big. So I shot a lot of those down. Some of them are still alive as you'll see. But
 I wanted to I wanted to actually share that presentation with FHL for you for a couple reasons. Number one
 is I want you guys, again, while we're talking about building empires and businesses, and we'll do a
 lot of that here in this podcast, I'm also gonna be showing you as a lot of the virtual world state
 that I have, right? Like, why did I buy a Zuma juice? Because it's a virtual real estate property for me.
 I'll I'll bond off the bone broth company. Why did I do that? Lady Boss? Why did I buy Lady Boss from
 Brandon and Kaitlyn? Why did I like in my mind, these are virtual real estate properties that we're
 creating, or we're finding and flipping and flipping fixing and flipping or buying to hold them or we're
 going to cash for them. And there's like in my head, this is this is what we're doing. In fact,
 literally the company that holds all these we call the company's name is virtual real estate.
 Like these are virtual real estate companies that I'm collecting that I'm acquiring. And I'm using
 the skill set that we that we teach every single day in marketing, seekers and funnels and click
 funnels and fun hockey live and all the books. Like we're using these principles to take these
 little businesses, set them up and have them cash flow without me having to spend a ton of time
 energy in them long term. Okay. And so I wanted to share this as episode number two of the new
 podcast. And the reason why is because a lot of my episodes are going to be showing the VRE,
 the virtual real estate that I'm doing behind the scenes. And so I wanted to to give that to you guys
 as kind of a just a context. So as I start showing you as more of these things, you know what we're
 doing and why we're doing. And you got some of the strategies as well. Because a lot of you guys,
 like you've been following me for a long time, you've been listening to podcast episodes
 for a long in fact, we did we pulled it during the break. How many episodes have we done in
 marketing secrets? 551 episodes prior to this. And then the marketing of your car was like
 251. That's like what almost 800 episodes a lot of you guys have been through all of them. You've
 read the books, you've been a fun hockey live, you've done the stuff. And maybe you don't have
 a business yet. Maybe you're struggling trying to build the empire and have the mass movement.
 It's like, look, you have the skill sets right now, you can go and you can create these little
 properties, you can find sites that are making a hundred bucks a month and get a making 500 bucks
 a month because you know you have the skill sets, you've seen the thing to apply it towards. And so
 hopefully this will be fun. This was a fun presentation. I think it was lighter, it was enjoyable.
 People had a great time with it. And so I'm going to show you guys this presentation from funnel
 hacking live. Again, the title was for this presentation was virtual real estate secrets,
 how to build a virtual real estate empire by fixing, flipping and investing in small cash flow
 funnels. You in this presentation, you can learn how to, you can wholesale funnels, you can license
 them, you can flip and flip flip. This is the hardest one ever. You can fix and flip them,
 you can buy and hold, you need to create a financing. And you can also use these virtual real estate
 properties to grow your core company, which is what we're doing with like magnetic marketing,
 we bought from net Kennedy. The reason why I bought that virtual real estate property was
 number one to cash flow, make money by number two. It also is a tool to build click funnels. And
 we'll talk about in the presentation as well. So that's kind of the setup for this. With that
 said, we're going to take you guys back to funnel hacking live 2021, where we were in Orlando,
 Florida. And this is the late night session I did. And it's one of my favorite sessions I've
 ever done. I haven't shared it anywhere outside of that live event. So I hope you guys enjoy it.
 It takes the notes and let's start building your own virtual real estate empire.
 So today's been a lot of fun. We've gone deep on a lot of topics, a lot of stuff. And typically,
 after the first day, one number one, everyone feels a little bit overwhelmed like, oh my gosh,
 that was crazy. It was only half a day. We got three more days of this stuff, right?
 How many of us feel that a little bit? We were like, whoa, I feel a little overwhelmed. I'm excited
 though. So I wanted to do this special session. This is something I never taught before. I think
 about this a lot. I talk about it with my team a lot. But I want to do a session tonight.
 They'll hopefully be fun. I don't know how long it'll go. It might be 20 minutes. It might be two or
 three hours. I have no idea. We'll kind of see play by ear. We're going all night long. But
 this is something because I think a lot of times there's people who come into our community
 and they come in and also we're talking about like starting a movement and changing the world
 and like all these things and sometimes it gets overwhelming. And I understand that. And when I
 got started, if I would have came into this room, I might have been that way as well. Like, whoa,
 I don't know about like changing the world. I'm trying to change my own life right now.
 I'm trying to change my family. I'm trying to change my situation. Right? And so I wanted this
 presentation to be kind of a fun one to get the wheels in your head spinning and start thinking
 about things a little differently because there's a lot of ways to make money in this business.
 It's not just I'm going to do, you know, build this huge empire. A lot of times you can do it
 smaller. You can do it in a way that's just a little bit differently. So that's what I'm
 going to talk about today. So my title of my presentation is actually virtual real estate
 secrets. We can throw it up here, which I'm excited and the title is actually how to build a virtual
 real estate empire by fixing flipping and investing in small cash flow funnels. You want to talk
 about this? It would be fun. And so to kind of lead this one off, obviously I use the word virtual
 real estate and some people are like, well, you're talking about building houses, you're talking
 about selling houses on the internet? Like, no, I'm talking about properties, virtual properties.
 How do we make money with virtual properties, virtual funnels, right? And not so much like how
 to make millions and millions of dollars, but how do I make some revenue? How to make cash flow
 from little funnels? Because yes, I'm so excited. Like I might try and teach you guys how to build
 funnels are going to make you tens of millions of dollars. Like that's like what gets me excited,
 but how many of you has been really excited if you had a funnel is making you, I don't know,
 a couple hundred, a couple thousand bucks a month. How many of you have two of those or three or
 10 or 50 of them, right? So that's what we're talking about here just to kind of give you guys
 something to think about. And maybe this is for you, maybe it's for one of your kids, maybe it's for
 a spouse or maybe it's for somebody you know, but I think it'd be fun topic just to talk about
 inside of our community because we won't talk about these things a lot. Now, when I think about
 real estate, I think about HGTV, right? I think about all the TV shows where they are like literally
 doing this with properties. And there have been real estate gurus teaching how to make money in
 real estate for way before I was ever born, right? And I was talking to Joe McCall, who I think is
 here somewhere in the room. Joe's one of my inner circle members and someone who I just have so
 much respect for. In fact, I got in trouble. I bought a whole bunch of real estate that I shouldn't have
 and Joe magically got me out of it. So I love that guy. And I messaged him ahead of time. I said,
 like, he's one of the big real estate gurus, a whole bunch of real estate gurus make. What are
 the core ways that in the real estate world, they're teaching people how to make money? And he said,
 well, there's a lot of things, a lot of different angles and stuff. He's like, it really comes down to
 four core things, right? And this is traditional real estate. So one is wholesaling. That's where
 you find someone, they may not want to sell the house, but they need to sell the house, right?
 Maybe they're going through a divorce or maybe something tragic, lost their job or something,
 they'd have to get out of their house. And so there's opportunities where real estate gurus teach
 people how to do wholesaling to get a property and to sell it or to flip it or to whatever, right?
 So that was the first thing. The second one, this is what you see all over HDTV, right? The fix and
 flip it. They find a house and they're like, all this house is horrible and then they get the new
 kitchen and the new, like all the things, all of the things, they got this beautiful house and then
 they sell it and they flip it, right? And then there's buy and hold where you buy a house, you fix it up
 and then instead of selling it, you just hold it and you cash flow it, right? And the last one
 that you kind of mentioned was creative financing. A lot of different ways to do cool creative
 financing. No money down and things like that. And so as I do this presentation, I was like,
 okay, these are ways that people do money in traditional real estate, right? Like how does this
 relate to kind of what we do as internet nerds? I mean internet marketers, right? And for me,
 the like isn't really, I actually got my start when I was in college. My dad actually bought me
 this book, Rich Dad Poor Dad. Who here's read this book? Okay. This book was one of those things that
 was like the turning point of my life. I was in my house. My wife and I had just gotten married,
 we're in this little house, we live in there and he gave me the book and this book sat on the next
 to my bed for months and months and months and then finally one day I couldn't fall asleep a
 look over. I'm like, oh, I hate reading. But there's a book my dad gave me. He's going to ask me next
 time I see him. Fine, I'll read. So I open up when I start reading the book and I got hooked.
 Again, this is like one of the best books ever. So I read the entire book that night. I can't sleep.
 I'm at the wheels. My head are spinning. I'm sitting there like this wide awake. Next time my wife wakes
 up and rolls over and she's like, cool. I'm like, hey, she's like, what's going on? I'm like,
 we're going to buy a duplex. Like what? Mike, yeah, we're going to live in one half and run out the
 other half and we're going to live for free and we're going to have tons of extra money. It's going
 to be amazing. And my lovely wife said, okay. And then we went and we bought our very first
 property within like a week or two after reading this book. And this is our first house we owned
 together. We bought it. We lived in the top and there was a basement apartment that we rented out.
 And this was our very first house ever. Look how cool my hair was back then. It's awesome.
 And now I was excited because I thought that was my future is buying real estate and investing
 and stuff like that. But we had problems. The problems were these things called renters. Anyone
 here have had a renter before? It was really bad. And it wasn't just one bad thing. It was like
 that thing after another. And I'm sure you guys all have stories. But after about two or three
 months in this place where like we do not want to have renters let alone in our house living below
 us because this even worse. And I was like, well, that was how I was going to make money. I got
 to figure something else out. And that's kind of got my will spinning. And this is really how I
 started getting into the internet business during this time of my life. But this house,
 we had to fix it up. So I was trying to do the whole flip and fix thing. So this is my buddy
 Nate and I. And we had to learn a whole bunch of skills. I found this picture that today. We learned
 how to do sheet rock, tile, painting and landscaping. We literally went to Home Depot and I was like,
 I need some tile that I have many. I'm like, like a couple boxes. Like two of my sure,
 I got boxes and then me and like, like stirring up the plaster and we're putting it down and
 we're slapping things over. And all the tile starts like shifting and moving around like,
 oh, we called Home Depot dude. Like, dude, the tile is like shifting. He's like, well,
 how much, how much of the mortar did you put down? Like a lot. He's like, you don't put a lot down.
 I'm like, oh, he's like, you need these little things to like keep the squares. So we like raised
 back and bought the little, those little teas to like space it out. But by the time it already
 hardened, it was like, it was horrible. And the tile was like wavy and people were tripping on it.
 It was so that was my first fit and flipping fix. Anyway, it was bad. It was really bad.
 But in theory, you guys understand that's how this works, right? You find a property,
 it's beat up. You learn how to tile. You know how to sheet rock and paint. You make it nice
 and you go from before to after you sell it, you make a ton of money, right? And or if you decide
 you want to keep it, the opposite of that is you go create a property and then or you get a property,
 you get in the all nice, you get a property manager company, you plug it in and then you're
 done, right? That was the dream I was sold for real estate was like literally get a house,
 hire a property management company, the house is going to cash flow you a thousand dollars a
 month, you pay the property management company $200 a month and you get $800 a month for free
 for doing nothing, right? I was like, this is the most amazing thing in the world. But again,
 we had renters and it wasn't ideal for us in our marriage. And so we didn't do more real estate
 after this. But that was kind of the concept, right? So I want to explain that because I'm not
 talking about real estate with you guys, but I want you to understand like these principles,
 these concepts are the same when we start transitioning over to virtual real estate.
 Okay, with virtual real estate, the goal I'm trying to do is try to create these funnels,
 create these little funnels that I can go and I can create them and I can create them quickly.
 I can create them in a weekend and create them, you know, over a couple of day period time.
 I set it up, right? I set it up and then I go and I hire a Facebook ad agency just like a property
 manager thing. They drive ads to it and I'm done. I walk away and hopefully this thing cash flow
 is a hundred bucks a month or five hundred bucks a month or a thousand bucks a month depending
 what the offer is, right? And for me, when I got started, literally my potato gun offer,
 you guys have all heard the story of bajillion times, but that was my mindset. I was like,
 I know the potato thing is not going to be the biggest thing in the world. But if I get this
 thing making some money and a second one and a third one, these are like real estate properties
 only with the digital and there's no renters. There's no plumbing, there's no broken tile. I
 just set it up by some ads and it just runs itself, right? So with the potato gun product,
 my initial goal, or sorry, not my initial goal, but this one was making me one of the first launch
 about 30 bucks a day profit. And I was like, oh my gosh, this is the coolest thing in the world.
 And I remember about that time is when I started thinking bigger, right? I'm like, I want to make
 a million dollars. How do you do that? And so I remember sitting down one day with a calculator,
 I said a million dollars divided by 365. I was like, what would take to make a million dollars
 in a year? So I did the math. If you take a million dollars divided by 365, it equals $2,739.73
 cents a day, literally the best number in the world. And that was my goal. I said, okay, well,
 I'm making 30 bucks a day off my potato gun site. If I had another one that makes 100 bucks,
 another one that makes 200, and eventually I get a portfolio of these things, just like people do
 with real estate. If I get a portfolio, collectively this portfolio might go to the point where it's
 making me a lot of money, right? And that was my initial goal when I got in this business.
 That's why I last year's Funnalak Lab. I showed you guys I launched over 150 different funnels.
 This is what I was doing. I was creating one here and creating one here and we're trying to set
 up these little properties. And what's cool is that some of them made really good money. Some of
 them flopped, but collectively as a whole, a bunch of them did. And then from that process of trying
 this one and trying this one and trying different ones, that's when the bigger opportunity started
 coming. Well, also, I got better. My skills got better. I built better funnels. Different
 opportunities came. Eventually, I wasn't just building little duplexes. I started building
 mansions and started building things like this, right? But I learned it. I got my skill set by
 doing these little virtual real estate properties. Okay. And so that's what something I wanted to
 kind of propose to you guys to start thinking through those who are in this phase like, what
 can I do? What little things I create that I can literally get it built out in the weekend,
 set it up, get a Facebook ad agency and I can step back and this thing cash flows me 100 bucks
 or 500 bucks a month. And I can do that again and just house in fun with this. That's like cool to
 dive a little deeper to that. Okay. So we're talking about real estate. The tools you got to learn
 yet to learn how to do sheet rocking and tile and all these things to get a house right. Okay.
 In virtual real estate, the tools you have are all the things you guys have been learning about.
 Okay. Everything you learn here, funnel hiking live, everything you learn about when you read
 my books, like these are the tools you have to get become good at. Right. Catherine did a session
 today on funnels. So like, this is the tool set. This is the skill set you got to learn just
 like you know, like do tile if you're doing house, you learn to build a funnel. Okay. Jim talked
 about copy. That's why we did the copy workshop. Right. If you get a copy, that's a tool you're
 going to be using to build out these sites design ads, traffic, these are all the different tools
 that we can use. Okay. And so over the last four or five months, I started having some fun with
 this. I knew I wanted to talk about this funnel hacking live this year. So I was like, I'm going
 to go and create a whole bunch of virtual real estate properties just for fun, just to show you
 guys this case studies. And so I'm going to show you guys some, some of them are done, some are
 partially done, some of them are all sorts of places, but I had so much fun creating these things.
 So one of the first things I did is I was like, I need to go find things that are for sale. I don't
 want to create something from scratch. Right. Like I don't go and I'm not going to go build a
 house from the ground up. So then I got to be like become a contractor and stuff like that. I was
 like, I want to go find a house, this for sale. I'm going to buy it and fix it and either flip it
 or sell it or whatever I'm going to do. Right. So there's two places I went to initially to go buy
 websites really, really quickly. And these are two that are awesome. So one of them, flip it.com
 and flip it as a whole marketplace with tons and tons of people selling websites. The other one
 is called Shopify Exchange. And they're like, I think 10,000 people who start to shopify stores
 don't understand funnels or don't understand traffic or understand ad or cop. You're all the
 things you guys know. They did all the hard work to go and find the offers, contact the places,
 get all the whole like the dropshipping stuff, get everything finished. And they can't make
 figure out how to drive traffic or make any money. And so they sell them on the site. And so I
 literally spent hours just going through like, Oh, I could buy that one. Oh, and that one. Oh,
 and there's tons of them. And most of these people, again, they do all the hard work getting the
 the website, the Shopify store done and ready. And then they don't know what to do with it. Like
 I'm gonna sell for 1000 bucks, 500 bucks, 10,000 like there. There's all sorts of pricing. So these
 are two places I went to and you guys can go there and just geek out and like look for cheap virtual
 real estate. Okay. And so that's kind of what I did in issues going to the little both these sites
 and start having some fun. Okay. And then my goal is to go through and look at these things and find
 a property that I can look at and say, Hey, my skills that I have right now, I know that I can
 actually get this thing to look good. Right. Now some of these sites are horrible and they're ugly,
 but some of them are like this side, like I get this I can make money with this one. Okay. And so
 for you, what my goal is going to be for you guys tonight or this weekend is to go to these sites
 and look through them and just see like based on what you've learned this weekend, like what are
 the things you can take and you can grab and you can start tweaking with. Okay. Okay. So I'm gonna
 go through different sites and some of the fun projects I've been working on in my free time over
 the last couple of weeks. Okay. Case study number one. I've always wanted to start off Thai company.
 So I spent two years in New Jersey knocking on doors and I had to wear a tie every single day.
 And so when all like you were in a white shirt and tie every single day, your tie is the only
 like color you have. And so like ties because we would trade, we'd barter and like we fight
 over different ties, right? So we love good ties. And I remember I had this, this companion who was
 with me on my mission out there. And he used to always say this thing. He come out in his new tie.
 He's like, check this out and floss in this new tie. I was like, what? You're flossing new ties?
 Yeah, I'm flossing this new tie. And every day he come out and he's like, I'm flossing this new
 tie. And so I always want to start a Thai company talking about flossing ties. And so I wanted a
 Thai company, but I don't know how to start a Thai company. I don't know, I know any of these
 things, right? And so as I started going through trying to find websites in the back of my mind,
 I always know that I think it'd be fun to start a Thai company someday. And so I started going
 through it and I started looking at all the things I've been learning. And a couple things that I've
 learned at Funnel Hacking Live, Perry Belcher spoke at a Funnel Hacking Live and he showed his
 funnel. Have you guys seen this funnel before? This is funnel where he gives me credit card
 knives. But on the back end, he sells access to a membership site. This was another one of Perry's
 sites. Perry had a custom suit company. They said high-end custom suits. And he wasn't driving
 traffic directly to the suit company. Instead, what he would do is he would go and he said,
 "The people that wear custom suits, they also happen to want what? Cufflings." So he's like,
 "I made these cufflink funnels. I give away free cufflinks. Ran Facebook ads,
 who people got free cufflinks. And then those leads came in and they started buying custom suits."
 I was like, "Sweeks, I don't want to drive ads to a Thai store." That seems kind of hard and weird.
 And so as I was going through Flippa, I was scrolling through all of the sites, all the site that was
 for sale. And this was a site. It was called dimpleclips.com, I think. And I looked at dimple clips and
 it was for sale for 19,000, say, $19,500. And these little clips you put on a Thai, and who
 wears a Thai? You know you tie your Thai right and you get that cool dimple and you look like you're
 amazing. Like, that's like, yeah, you gotta do double wins or you get the Thai and it just like
 pops and makes it cool. So this dimple clip, even if you tie a horrible knot, you throw a
 thing on and boom, that fast, you got a dimple and you look amazing. Right? And so I saw it
 something. That's pretty cool. But I was like, but I don't know if I want to be 20 grand to invest
 in this idea that I don't know if it's a good idea or a bad idea. So I went to the site to go
 see like, if it's actually selling what it looks like. So I went to the site, dimple clips.
 And the very top, there's a little button that said wholesale. I was like, oh my gosh, I can buy
 this stuff wholesale. I don't have to pay 20 grand to buy the entire company. I could just buy
 the things wholesale. So I clicked on the wholesale thing and sure enough, for $399, I was able to
 get 1500 dimple clips that I could then take. So total investment in this business, I mean 400
 bucks. I buy the dimple clips. We can shift to our office. My entire team's like, why in the world
 did you buy 1500 dimple clips? I was like, because someday I want to sell ties. And I know that
 people who buy dimple clips, guess who they want to buy? Ties, right? So now we're in business.
 We go in really quickly, we set up a site called flossinties.com. I said, we're going to give away
 the dimple clips on the front for free plus shipping. After someone gets that, then we're going to
 upsell some ties. I call Bart Miller because Bart's the one who dresses me for funnel hacking
 lives like, dude, Bart, do you know what else ties? And Bart's like, yeah, I know a lot of people
 sell ties. I'm like, cool. Can you ship me six ties? And he's like, yeah, so then he shifts me six ties.
 And then we put that as the upsell. And guess what? And like, I don't know, eight hours, we're in
 business. We are in the dimple clip business. We are selling these things. And now we're driving
 ads to it. People are coming, they're buying the dimple clips. We order form bump them a whole
 big old pack of dimple clips. And then the upsell number one are these ties. Now, these ties, are
 they awesome? I don't know. I have no idea. I don't know if they're going to sell or not. The good
 news is I only have one of each. So I'm just testing the market right out to see people want
 them. If people say, yes, these ties, I'm going to be like, hey, Bart, give me 2000 more of that
 tie because everyone's buying that. And we sold a whole bunch of them. If nobody buys them,
 then I'll try to find some more ties or do something else or we'll just shut this thing down because
 I've been 400 bucks at this point and a couple hours will work. Okay, virtual real estate. After
 we get the thing finished, we're going to go get a Facebook ad agency. We're going to plug it in,
 and this thing we're not autopilot. And I'm in the tie business. How many here people here actually
 run a Facebook ad agency raise your hands? Kevin, look around. These are the people you can partner
 with. These are your property managers. You just finish the funnel, you hand it to them,
 and then they're done. Okay, there's a lot of Facebook ad agencies inside of our community here.
 Right? We hand it off. We plug it in and boom, we're in business. And this thing, I don't know
 what's going to do yet. We just got this done last week. My team's like, we're literally
 in the middle of Fun Hockey Live and you want to launch a tie company. Like, yes, of course I do.
 So we launched this thing and again, I don't know what's going to make. It might be 500 bucks a
 month, might be nothing, might be 10,000 bucks a month. And maybe if this one hits and we're like,
 oh my gosh, we're in the tie business. Let's go deep. We may build a huge company off it,
 but probably not, but maybe, right? This we have to understand so many of you guys are sitting back
 and you're waiting. You're waiting for your click funnels. You're like, okay, some day I'm going to get
 the idea. It's going to be amazing. And you're right, creating these courses, these buttons,
 insane stuff. And you're waiting and you're waiting and you're waiting and you're waiting.
 It's like, we got to get you in the game. Like, let's pay 400 bucks is getting the game and start
 playing this game because you're going to learn so much stuff. Even this fails. What did I learn?
 I learned like how to find an offer, how to find some products, how to create an upsell on the
 downside. You learned how to use click funnels, how to drag and drop things. I learned how to connect
 a shopping cart to the actual funnel and when someone buys it, how to ship them out the product.
 I learned all these things with the 400 investment. It's not that scary, but now I can see if it's
 going to work. Again, I told people before, like, quick funnels was my 150th funnel that we launched.
 If I were to wait for this to be the very first funnel I would have launched, I'd never been worthy
 to find this. Does that make sense? Because I tried the first thing and the next thing and the next
 thing. As I did that, as I was in momentum moving forward, new opportunities can do better. I just
 can't do different things can do me. And so for a lot of you guys, this is some of the stuff you
 can start thinking about. Just have some fun, just to practice. I told my potato gun store all the
 time because that was just something for me to try out and to test. If it failed, it wasn't like,
 I was a failure. It turns out no one wants potato guns. Turns out no one wants simple clips.
 But what if they do? I don't know. There's one example. All right, let's hear another example.
 This one I'm going to go deeper into on day three. I'm going to tell you everything, but
 this is not a fun one. We started a cycle of burlapable.com and this came back because I was
 hanging out with Alison Prince. How many of you guys have Alison Prince? She's one of my favorite
 people in the world. And Alison's got this really cool software that's a trend generator. And so
 it shows you different trends. And I was like, I want to build some virtual real estate. Give me a
 trend, Alison. And she's like, okay, burlap, bags are hot. We should make a burlap bag. I'm like,
 sweet, how do you do that? And she's like, well, there's wholesaling sites. We found a wholesaling site
 that sells burlap bags. We've got the bags, we've got the bags, we've got them on our website.
 And within 45 minutes, we had burlapable.com selling burlap bags. We started driving traffic and
 guess what? It's making money. And we'll tell you more about this later because we're going to
 go deeper in this case study. But again, this was just a thing. Now, I take it, it adds agency. And
 this thing can start making money all day every single day. And I told investments a couple hundred
 bucks to buy some bags. And now we're in business. Okay. Here's another fun one. This one goes into
 licensing. Here's ever heard of licensing before. Okay, licensees were somebody else did all the
 hard work. And then you pay them to be able to just have it all for free or for really, really
 cheap. So I wanted to build a chicken coop product because somebody told me that they made a bunch
 of money with chicken coops. I was like, are you serious? Like, that's amazing. So I bought chicken
 coops, secret.com. But I was like, but I don't really think about chicken coops. My wife keeps
 trying to get me to like buy chickens. And I'm like, I don't want chickens. She's like, but we can
 have our own eggs. I'm like, I don't want chickens. And she's like, but eggs, it really, really expensive.
 And I'm like, but I don't want to know chickens that accreased me out. So I don't really think
 about chickens. So I'm like, I don't want to create this product. But maybe somebody else has
 already created a product on chicken coops. And so I went to clickbank.com. And in Clickbank,
 there's a marketplace of like hundreds of thousands of funnels. And it's cool thing is Clickbank,
 the marketplace like shows you based on what's selling the best. So this is a secret. The first
 page, those guys are making tons of money. Do not contact them. The second page, third page,
 fourth page, you get to like the 40th page. Those users are making no money right now. Yet they did
 all the work. They created the product. Well, the sales that have the upsells have the downsells,
 but the product doesn't sell anymore. So I went to Clickbank. I typed in chicken coops in the thing,
 and a whole bunch of things popped up. A whole bunch of offers. And so I went to every single one of
 them. And I messaged every single chicken coop site. And I literally said, hey, can I license your
 chicken coop product? And this dude, Johnny Wayne, rolled back and Johnny said, hey, what's your
 proposal? I was like, sweet man, I'll give you a thousand bucks to license your product and the
 sales copy. He said, sounds good. What's the timing? I said, it's in perpetuity. And we signed a contract.
 And that fast, I got the entire product. And for a thousand bucks, I'm in business selling chicken
 coop plans. And that's licensing. Okay. Now what I do, I grab that, throw up a Facebook ad agency,
 step back, and who knows? I don't know if it's going to make 100 bucks a month, 500 bucks a month.
 I'm in business. I test out the whole process. Okay. Clickbank literally is a graveyard. Hundreds
 of thousands of dead funnels. Hundreds of thousands of them. In every topic you can dream of. Okay.
 This is not the first time you had to do licensing Clickbank. We go there all the time, I try to find
 something. Sometimes I need a bonus or upsell or something. I'm like, maybe someone already created
 it. I go to Clickbank. Oh, on page 46, some dude created something already does that message of
 hate on a licensure product. And usually some of you 500 to a couple thousand bucks depending
 on who it is, a license of product that sells a letter to everything and boom, I'm in business.
 Throw it into a funnel, chicken coop secrets. Let's go. All right. Plugging it in Facebook ad
 agency. And now I'm in business. Okay. You guys getting this? Is this fun? Okay. Fixing flips.
 This is one. I almost feel bad about this story. But so a lot of people ask me, where do you get
 all these things coming to you? Sometimes I'm finding them. Sometimes they're just as you're
 in motion doing things, more deals and offers will come to you. So I had a buddy. We both
 wrestled the BYU together and we were in the same weight class. But we kind of hated each other
 because like we had always compete against each other. But he's really cool. And anyway,
 we graduated a couple of years later. I was having some success in business. He had his own
 business as well. And one day something happened and he got in trouble and he messes him. He's like,
 hey man, I need 20 grand. And I was like, dude, we used to fight every single day. You're awesome.
 I'm not ready to take 20 grand. He's like, no, I really need 20,000 dollars. This is an emergency.
 I know you got to connect to have 20 grand. I'm like, no, no. And then finally he's like,
 well, I have this website. It's called Vigon. And he's like, right now it makes,
 it makes about two or $3,000 a month. If you give me the 20 grand, I'll give you the cash flow from
 the website for the next 10 months until it's paid off. And I was like, no. He's like, why not?
 I'm like, cuz dude, 20 grand in my pocket today is worth more 20 grand over time. But I will buy
 the website and the company from me for $20,000. And he was like, but dude, this is like my livelihood.
 I'm like, yeah, but this is my 20 grand. And so I went to him back and forth and he said, yes,
 so I gave him the $20,000. He gave me Vigon. We put it to the site and it started making money.
 And all it was, if you look at the site initially, actually, it was two YouTube videos that drove
 traffic to it. And that was the site. That's why I was like, there's no way to make money.
 It was. So we went back, we tweaked the site, got it and clicked phones, may look really nice.
 And then I'm like, what other tools do we have? About that time is when Jamie Cross
 spoke of Funnel Hockey Live in Nashville. How many of you guys remember when Jamie spoke?
 And she had this presentation called the five minute perfect webinar, which took my 90 minute
 webinar. She shrunk it down to five minutes for e-commerce sellers. And I was like, sweet. So I
 literally took that piece of paper. If you guys remember this, Jamie spoke about it. Jim Edwards
 created one page piece of paper that you would fill in the paper. It would take your product
 and plug it into a perfect webinar, a five minute perfect webinar. We took that. We did it in
 Funnel Scripts as a digital version. So I filled out the form in Funnel Scripts. I clicked a button.
 Boom, it popped out the five minute perfect webinar for Vigon. We hired two actors. I had each of
 them read the thing while we filmed and tell their stories. Within the day, we had two
 five minute perfect webinars to sell Vigon. We gave them to the ads agency. We set it up.
 And boom, now Vigon is back on and it's selling people, these cold stores,
 outbers. It's up there. And now we have a Facebook ad agency plugging it in and driving sales 24
 hours a day, seven days a week. Virtual real estate. What? I'm not going to show you guys how much it
 all makes. This one, I'm more close to my chest on this one because it's a medical advice. And
 anyway, this is going to be for me a fix and a flipper after we get it up a little bit because
 I don't, anyway, we'll leave it there. All right. Buy and hold. Now, this is what I'm really,
 really excited for. In fact, how many guys do you came in today? You saw on your seat a little packet
 of something called Zuma Juice. Okay. So Zuma Juice, I talked about this earlier today.
 So Zuma Juice is actually one of my friends' companies and he launched his company and
 I remember watching him and he was so passionate about it. He was having so much fun with it.
 And he's an amazing copywriter and marketer and everything. And I remember just watching his journey.
 And after he launched this, this, this green drink, one of my favorite things was the actual sales
 video. And so it's interesting. I contacted him later. I was like, do that video was so good. I'm like,
 who did it? Like, do you hire a Harmon Brothers or something? He's like, he's like, no, here's who
 I hired. I just like, I wrote the scripts and we hired the actors and everything. And I said,
 how much the whole thing cost you? Because I knew what we'd paid the Harmon Brothers to videos like
 this for us. And I don't remember exactly what he said. It was, it was multiple six figures she
 spent to create this, uh, the sales video. I'm going to show it to you guys because this is the
 reason why I bought and they're buying this business. Okay. So this is the sales video. I'll
 click play real quick and you have a chance to see, um, why this business, um, was so powerful and why
 I wanted to get it. You already know you should be eating more fruits and veggies. Your doctor tells
 you, your mom tells you, even the governance role. One way to get more of the good stuff is green juice.
 Do you like yours, chunky? I like buying a little chunky. But to get even one sip of that salty
 produce, you have to pass through the three levels of health net health. Shopping, shopping, and juicing.
 What about I don't even want to think about cleaning?
 For fresh fruits and vegetables, it'll paint. You spend all day cruising the produce aisle,
 emptying your wallet just to try to fill your basket. And when you get home, you still have to
 drop it. All of it. Is this your kitchen or level six? After all of that shopping,
 chopping, juicing, and cleaning your reward is a small glass of sludge. Look, I'm crazy about my
 health, but I'm not that crazy. The folks at Zuma Juice had this wild idea that people, you,
 might like green juice if it was simple, convenient, and didn't taste like a cow's burp. So while
 each glass of Zuma Juice is packed with six different greens and grasses, three organics,
 sprout concentrates, seven organic vegetables, and 13 fruit superfoods and herbs, it also tastes
 really good. And no shopping or chopping required. Just add cold water, shake it up, and you have an
 energy-packed immune system boosting green juice that you can take with you anywhere. You mean like
 this? Yes, there are other powdered green drinks on the market, but most of them taste like
 something that you scraped out of a lot, but wow, a really expensive lawn mower. Or worse,
 they have that really nasty synthetic vitamin aftertaste from, well, from the nasty synthetic
 vitamins they add to them. Zuma Juice has a refreshing natural mint flavor with just a hint of vanilla,
 and unlike those calorie-dense juices you get from your juicer, Zuma Juice only has 30 calories
 per serving, which makes it a perfect drink for in-between meals. I drink this every day. Now,
 I don't want to sound like your mom, but you really should be getting more fruits and veggies
 in every day, don't you think? If you want a tasty way to be healthy, feel fantastic, and get
 energized. Order your Zuma Juice now. It costs a lot less than juice, or even those fancy coffee
 drinks. It travels easy, kids love it, and best of all, you'll actually want to drink it.
 Try Zuma Juice, the delicious green juice with all of the green goodness and none of the yuck.
 [Music]
 If you guys ever heard the term a Rembrandt in the attic, so what that means is basically
 imagine there's two people going to go purchase a house. They walk to the house, they walk to the
 house, they say, "Oh, it's a nice house. It's probably worth $250,000, and everyone goes to the house,
 but then one person goes to the house, and they're looking to, and they go up in the attic,
 and they open up, and also they see an original Rembrandt." And they're like, "Oh my gosh, I know
 the value of that painting. That painting is worth millions and millions of dollars." And so they
 come back out and I'm like, "Hey, I'll give you $4 million to this house, or I'll give you $2 million,
 right?" And then a person's like, "This one worth $250,000." But for the other person, because they
 know the value of the house, they know there's a Rembrandt in the attic, they don't want to spend
 way more, right? For me, when I started doing more of this investing stuff, I'm looking for a Rembrandt
 in the attic. For me, when I saw this funnel, I was like, "That video is the Rembrandt in the attic.
 Like, that video is so valuable. Like, I know how good it is. Okay, I love this so much. I started
 using the product. But then I went to Funnel Hackett during funnel, funnel, funnel issue number 18.
 I went to Funnel Hackett. I bought the product, went to the next page, and there was no upsell.
 There was no downsell. There was an order form bump. There was all these things that were missing.
 And I was like, "Ah, the guy's name's Luke." I was like, "Luke, why do you hate money so bad?"
 Like, you're not doing any of the things you need you to do to like blow up this business. And over
 time, the business ran for a couple of years, and then I don't know all the details, but I know
 there was a fight in the partnership or something happened, and they'd upshot it in the site down.
 And it was down for a year or two. And I remember, I always remember that video. I'm like, "Man,
 the video is so good. That alone was worth so much money." And so I started messaging Luke. I was
 like, "Hey, man, can I buy Zuma Juice?" He's like, "Why would you want to buy it?" He's dead. I'm like,
 "Because that video is so good." And we went back and forth for years. Like literally a year after
 I get messaging him, he's like, "No, no, no." And finally, when COVID hit, one day I was bored.
 And I was like, "Luke, dude, do you want free money? Like literally, it's just sitting there on your
 hard drive somewhere. I will give you money. You can split it with your partners, whoever had it,
 and it'll be awesome." And eventually, for about one fifth, what they spent on the actual sales video,
 I was able to acquire Zuma Juice. And now what's cool about that is then what's the next step?
 We talked about it earlier today. I have this asset. It's amazing. The next day I do is I got
 to figure out what is the control today. I haven't run a supplement funnel in seven years. I said,
 "What's the control?" Right? We talked about it earlier today. What is the control? I got to
 figure out how does supplement funnels work nowadays? Right? So I went through, started going through
 the whole process. Oh, yeah. Never mind. I was like, that was a slide from earlier today. We
 did my slides crossed up. So I went through, we started funnel hacking a whole bunch of
 supplement funnels. From that, we figured out this is the control. This is what all successful
 supplement funnels are doing today. I said, "Okay, now that we know that, we need to create a couple
 things, right? We knew this is what the sales page looks like. The order form bump, what the price
 point is. We're going to upsell number one, upsell two, the downsells. We knew all the things we need
 to create. So because that, we needed to recreate the product. The product had been sold for four or
 five years. We got the product recreated. Some of you have got that one. If you have the green
 zuma juice, that's the green drink. But then the upsell path, I mean, we need upsell. So someone
 just drank their vegetables. Next thing is their fruit. So if you have the red pack, that's our
 zuma juice fruits. So the upsell is the fruits. So we went through, we took this control and then
 we built out every single step in the process. Let me go back. So sales video, took the sales
 letter order form, upsell down. So again, we just took the control of what's working. We modeled for
 zuma juice, put it in there. And this is actually, we literally, the package you guys got today is
 the first set of the packets we just got back. So this has not gone officially live yet. I do
 believe if you guys want some, there's a postcard that the link you guys can go and buy it. And if
 you do buy it, we'll send you guys the share funnel to this to the supplement funnel so you
 can have that and you can use it inside your ClickFunnels account as well. But again, we got
 us all done. We did the hard work, got it finished. And now we're going to step back. We're going to
 plug in a Facebook ad agency and it'll just run itself virtual stay. And this one I have a lot of
 hopes for. I think this one is going to do really well. But again, I invested some money up front.
 Oh, I invested about one, one fifth of what I would invest in a rental property. And this
 thing will cash from me a lot more than the than the five or 600 bucks that a rental property
 probably got me. And it's a little bit bigger project, but so much fun. So exciting. Because
 I was looking for that thing. Like I knew that that sells a video is something I could turn into
 something bigger. Right? When you guys are looking at these sites, they're looking for
 opportunities, there's gonna be things like maybe you're really good at webinars. You see something
 like, Oh, if I just plugged a webinar to this business, I could blow it up. Or maybe like,
 Oh, I need a challenge for like a plug a challenge for like the copy was horrible. I'm going to
 copy right if I just the copy, I could I could make it better. Or maybe it's the designer, maybe
 it's the flow, but you're just looking for like, what are the skill sets you guys have? Right? Do
 you know how to add tile, how to add paint, how to do something like that? If you can figure out
 these skill sets, we're teaching you, you can go to any of these businesses and start plugging
 things in and get things working really quickly. And so much fun. Okay, I think I have one more,
 I'll maybe two more. I'm going to show you guys. The next one is a company called Obon Broth. And
 this was not alive yet. But how many of you have ever seen me drink bone broth? In fact,
 here's a picture of me drinking my bag of bone broth. Okay, if you follow me Instagram,
 I met this lady who was she's written like five or six books on bone broth. And I was at a
 master my meeting with her and she was like bouncing off the wall. She was so excited about
 everything. And she's the doctor. She's I'm a doctor. She's like, no matter what somebody comes
 when they come to me, the only thing I prescribe them is bone broth. I don't care what it is,
 I get bone broth. Like what? And she's like, yeah, here's everything fixes everything. Two
 cups of bone broth today will change your entire life. And I was like, are you sure? Because that
 seems really weird. And she's like, no, I swear. But she's the doctor. So we believe doctors, right?
 So I was like, all right, well, if you're if you're that excited, and she's like, she's like,
 me 10 years ago, I was tired, I was depressed, I had all these problems. She's like, I started
 drinking bone broth and changed myself as well. And so I got excited. I went to go buy bone broth,
 and I bought a bag of bone broth and I drank it. And it was disgusting. I was like, Oh my gosh,
 this is not worth any amount of health. And I tried another one and another one. And eventually,
 I can found this company, Obon Broth, and I started ordering, I drank the first one. I was like,
 this actually tastes good. And I was so excited. And so I used to buy this frozen bone broth.
 My poor wife, I'd fill our whole freezer full of thousands of these bags. And every morning,
 I thought one out and I'd drink it on Instagram and everyone's like, you're literally just
 drinking bone like bone broth out of a bag. I'm like, oh yeah, that's why I have this much energy.
 That's why I'm so excited. So I look like I'm 12 years old. I'm actually 60, but this bone broth
 has made me so young. Anyway, literally obsessed with this stuff, you can ask anybody. My whole
 office is like, you're so weird, Russell, like nobody else drinks this bone broth out of a bag.
 And then in the middle of Corona, I tried to order some more and guess what?
 It's gone. They're out of business. I was like, dude, I need some bone broth. You can't. I'm like,
 you don't understand. I'm addicted. Give me some bone broth. It's like
 untangled when the old lady, when she doesn't sing the song, she starts getting all like,
 I'd be out here on Funnal Hockey Live, like 90 year old. And he's like, what happened to Russell?
 I'm like, the bone broth. Give it to him. So anyway, I kept messaging, trying to get all the
 company finally get all the owners and said, hey, COVID here, we have some problems and supply
 chain management. And we had to like shut the company down. I was like, oh my gosh, like, dude,
 I got to love you guys product. Like we love it too. But unfortunately, like, this is kind of a wrap.
 And I was like, okay, this is the deal. We need to bring this back. What's it going to take? And
 he's like, well, you know, we're out of money, we're out of stuff like, like, we need to like,
 we need to order to get all sorts of stuff. I said, okay, how about this? I'll be your business
 partner. All finance, the whole thing, we'll get it back up and running and then we're back in
 business. And like, seriously, it's been negotiated back and forth. And they didn't give me the majority,
 a big majority of the company. So I'm the majority owner of the company now for free. It didn't cost
 me a penny. Other than I was in charge of getting the production back online and then building out
 the funnel and then launching it. And so it didn't cost me any money outside of the hard cost to get
 the business back up and running. And then the next step was like, okay, now I'm selling bone broth
 again. What do I need? What's the control? How do we sell bone broth? So we went and funnel hacked
 every single bone broth, every single similar funnel we could find. We figured out here's the
 control, what's going to work? And then we started going through and building out the actual funnel.
 The funnel is almost done. We're hoping in right now in production of actually making on the bone
 broth and things like that and hoping about two months now it'll be done and we'll be launched and
 live. And then guess what I'm going to do? I'm going to step away from it. I'm going to plug in
 a Facebook ad agency and boom, bone broth will be paying me for the rest of my life. And that is
 how much fun these things can be. Yes, get in this.
 Ah, so much fun. Okay, I got one more and this is one for those of you guys who are like,
 this is all really fun and exciting Russell. But I have my core company. I'm trying to focus,
 which is good. We all should be focusing. This is like my let me unfocus you for a few minute
 presentation. I apologize. But I know how you all are. You're like me. You like the shiny objects.
 So these are some shiny objects. So this is one for those of you guys who are trying to focus.
 This ties back a lot. What Caitlin talked about earlier today, right? You can also do this with
 your core company to figure out different ways to bring more people in. Okay. So virtual state to
 grow your company. So a little while ago, we were doing for our two comical club ex members,
 we were doing an event in Boise. This is probably two months ago talking about physical products
 and things like that. And I showed this case study of Perry Belcher. How many is what Perry
 Belcher? Perry is awesome. One of my favorite people. And he has a site, I think it's CEO,
 hats.com or free CEO hats or something. And on the site, he sells CEO hats. His hat says CEO on it.
 That's it. And I remember seeing it. I was like, that's weird. So I bought it and there was no,
 thank you. There was no like, there's no funnel or anything. And I was like, like,
 Perry's a genius. There's something behind this week. What are you doing? So I call him. I'm like,
 dude, I buy your CEO hat. But like, how are you making money in this deal? Because literally,
 there's no order for bumps or upsells or downsails or anything. And he said, Russell,
 guess who buys CEO hats? Like who? Like CEOs. Like, oh, he's like, this attracts all the best CEOs to me.
 And my goal is not to make money really quick in a funnel. My goal is to get a list of CEOs.
 And I sell them seminars and coaching and masterminds. I was like, Oh, Perry, you're so smart. So smart.
 So I joined this at our little two, comic club event, two, comic club,
 ex members. And as I'm on stage sharing this case study, I was like, dude,
 I should make some entrepreneur stuff and sell to an entrepreneur. And I have quick funnel stuff.
 But my guess is if you buy a quick funnel shirt, you probably already have
 quick funnels. All right. So I was like, crap, like, I need shirts that aren't
 entrepreneur, but shirts or hats or things that are that aren't,
 click funnels are one step further out, like outside the market, which are entrepreneurs.
 And also I was like, wait a minute. I remember I bought this entrepreneur shirt back in the day
 from the site. And I was like, what the site was the site? I was like, startupdrugs.com.
 And I was like, oh my gosh, I went startupdrugs.com went to the site. And guess what? It was gone.
 I was like, what? And so I went back to the way back machine, which is this, if you go to
 archive.org, there's a thing called the way back machine, you put in a URL and it shows you all
 the snapshots of that website from the beginning of time till now. So I went back in time till I
 found some of the contact information. I realized Maxwell Flynn, Finn, who's one of our two comic
 book winners, was the oval in the site. So I messaged him on Instagram, my dude, you're on the site,
 can I buy it from you? And he's like, I can't. I sold somebody else. I'm like, who'd you sell to?
 So I told him the guy I sold to? I called that guy up. Can I buy the site from you? There's
 over 100 different, sorry, I thought a next slide. There's over 100 different entrepreneurs,
 t-shirt designs that were done that were amazing. And I was like, can I buy it from you? These guys
 like, sure, he's like, I set it up like six months ago. And I think I forgot to pay the
 hosting bill because I just went to the site and it's down. I'm like, oh yeah, sweet, can I buy it
 from you? And really quickly, we acquired the site. It's not officially live all the way right now,
 but we purchased this with the goal of now we relaunched these t-shirts. I have over 100 different
 entrepreneur t-shirt designs. I'm going to be selling, guess what happens? And entrepreneurs
 can see the shirt. They're going to buy the shirt and they guess what I'm going to be able to tell
 us entrepreneur about. Funnels. You need a funnel. You need to read.com secrets. You need to get
 quick funnels. You need to be showing up here. And so that's why we made this acquisition because
 now I can use this as lead generation to get more people in. This is way easier than me writing
 another book. I just wrote 100 books, but they're all these t-shirts. I can bring people in on these
 funnels as well. Okay. And we're kind of tweaking. We're taking that. We're doing this really cool
 thing where t-shirts are going to be competing. Anyway, a lot of fun things, but people are going
 to come in on the start of drugs, buy t-shirts. And then from there, we'll push them into
 quick funnels. And then after that's done, set Facebook ad agency to sell t-shirts to get people
 in our world. So this is how we're using these principles, you guys. Number one is like to get
 us into momentum, get us started, get us creating different things, right? Number two is that
 they start finding more opportunities. Number three, plugging them into your existing
 opportunities to grow them faster. There's so many fun things. But I want to recommend for
 you guys, this is your homework assignment this weekend when Funlacking Night Live is over.
 As I recommend, even if you're not going to buy any sites, just as an exercise in the skill sets
 you've learned over the next four days, right? Go to either flippa.com or go to the Shopify,
 if you Google Shopify exchange this side of show up and just look at different things
 with not a goal necessarily to buy them, to look at them and say, "Which one of these things has a
 Rembrandt in the attic that I understand that I can do something for?" Right? I was in Myron's
 session. I learned about selling it. I could really easily take this off from page 42. If I took
 that and I took some of these sales principles I learned from Myron, boom, that could be the thing.
 We were over here like, "This is a Shopify store. They just need a funnel. They had a funnel.
 This thing would actually have made money." Right? I can do a funnel. Like,
 tomorrow next year, you're here to rave and talk about supplement funnels. All the different
 people that we've been talking about, things are next couple of days, like taking challenge
 funnels or this or that. And you're taking these different pieces and applying them to some of
 these things and just look at it from like, as a consultant, if you were a consultant trying to
 consult these businesses, what are the tools that you guys have gained over this weekend
 that you could plug into these things? For some of you guys, there's going to be some crazy deals.
 You're going to buy a t-shirt side or a supplement store or a tie thing, whatever it might be.
 Some of you guys, this will be a new business for you. Some of you guys, it's just going to be you
 flexing this muscle of creativity. You're like, "Okay, I learned all these things. How would I
 apply to that business and that business and that business until you see like, "Oh my gosh,
 that's the one. I could actually do something really cool with that." Right? And so that's what
 virtual roll estate is. That's what I want to show you guys, just to get the wheels when you're
 out of spinning. There's your homework assignment this weekend is to go there, put on your funnel
 consultant hat and try to figure out what you would do and have some fun with it. Act like
 they paid you to be consulting and build out a funnel for it. I do this, I do this, I do this,
 and who knows, maybe one of these businesses is the right thing for you. So that is how you
 build virtual roll estate empires by flipping, fixing, and investing in small cash flow funnels.
 You guys enjoy that? Ah, very cool, very cool. All right. I hope you guys enjoyed this episode
 of the marketing secret show. If you did, please share it with a friend, with a business partner,
 with a spouse, with your kids, whoever. That's how you can pay it back to me if you enjoyed this
 episode. I hope you loved it. And on top of that, if you have any questions for me, again, go to
 marketingsecrets.com. At that site, there's a spot where you can go and you can ask me questions.
 Plus, you can also get all the show notes, the video versions of this episode, and
 a whole bunch of other cool things, again, at marketingsecrets.com.
