 Hey, this is Russell.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Show.
 Today, we're going to be showing you guys behind the scenes one of our virtual real estate
 companies called Zoomage Euse, which I'm really excited.
 I'm going to talk to you guys about the reason why I started this company, why I was excited
 by what we've done, how we manufacture the product, how we created the funnel, how we
 like the people we funnel hacked and why, who was the target market, who audiences we
 wanted to do, how we launched it, the flops along the way, me on stage at Fun Hocking Live,
 being too embarrassed to even talk about it because of some of the mistakes and a whole
 bunch of other stuff.
 I hope you guys enjoyed this episode.
 If you do like it, again, please rate and review this wherever you're at, if you're
 on Apple or iTunes, wherever, please rate and review.
 If you're watching on YouTube, leave a comment.
 I'd love to hear those things.
 Also, don't forget, you can always go to marketingsecrets.com and there's a section
 there where you can actually leave voice questions for me about this product, this funnel, and
 I will be answering those live on future episodes, which is really cool.
 Also as you listen to this episode, I want you to set your intentions.
 I'm showing you guys behind the scenes of the business that I'm building and launching
 that eventually I think I will sell an exit for eight figures, but I'm showing you guys
 the entire journey.
 The end of this episode, spoiler alert, we're ending on this not doing well yet.
 I want you to set your intentions as you're listening to this to just think about your
 business.
 I'm guessing that you're not trying to launch a green dream company.
 My goal is to give you the blueprint for a green dream company, but all the lessons
 I'm learning along the way, think about your business as you're doing it right now.
 Set your intentions like, "Oh, there's one piece.
 I can apply that to my business."
 "Oh, I missed that step in the process.
 I should do that."
 Or, "Oh my gosh, Russell failed and it's okay.
 I can fail and be okay as well."
 So set of intentions as you're listening to this, figure out the piece that applied
 to you in your specific business.
 Don't just listen as a nice story.
 It'll be a nice story, but they're going to be nuggets in here that are specifically
 for you if you are listening to them.
 Listen with ears to hear and if you do that, there'll be something in here for you.
 And then the sponsor for this show, because there are not any actual sponsors yet, I
 want to sponsor from somebody who I love.
 So the sponsor from this show is actually Dan Kennedy.
 This is Bobblehead, Dan, if you haven't met him yet.
 If you're listening, you can't see him, but I've got a little Dan on an ox for the Bobblehead.
 If you are not subscribed yet to the No BS newsletter, make sure you do on the No BS
 newsletter.
 You get a print newsletter in your mailbox twice a month.
 One is from Dan Kennedy, teaching the top marketing strategies in the world.
 And number two is the behind the scenes letter.
 We're actually showing you guys behind the scenes of this and other funnels.
 I show you page by page what we're doing, why we're doing it.
 Make sure you stats, conversions and numbers.
 Those newsletters come to you directly to your mailbox.
 They are two controversial and cool to post online.
 The only way to get them is by going to no BS letter.com.
 Go subscribe and you'll get personal letters, both for me and from Dan Kennedy in the mail
 twice a month, go to no BS letter.com to go get subscribed to the No BS and the behind
 the scenes newsletter.
 And with that said, you guys, I hope you enjoy this episode of the podcast.
 We're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 Okay, I'm excited today we were talking about the Zuma Juice Funnel.
 As you can see here, if you're watching the video version, we've got the samples of the
 boxes, the packaging, everything here for both Zuma Juice, the green drink and the red
 drink.
 And by the way, if you're just on the podcast, you want to see the video, make sure you go
 to marketingsecrets.com.
 The video version will be there as well.
 But I want to tell you guys about Zuma Juice.
 Again, this new format for the podcast, I'm going to be sharing behind the scenes of some
 of the virtual real estate and the businesses and things we're starting and why people always
 ask me, why did you buy Zuma Juice?
 Why do you buy a green drink company?
 There's a lot of green drink companies.
 And so I'm going to tell you guys, a lot of the reasons why we've done so far things
 that work, things that haven't worked.
 And yes, I do things all the time.
 They don't actually work.
 So hopefully that'll give us some get some comfort as well to know that I do things all
 the time that flop and we're always testing and tweaking and trying to get things working.
 In fact, literally on my way over here today to record this, Kevin told me they stopped
 all ads to Zuma Juice funnel, which means it's not converting, which means I'm sharing
 this even though it's not like crushing it and doing a million dollars or anything.
 But I want to share the journey with you guys because I think there's a lot of cool things
 you can learn along the way.
 And it'll help me unpack just the thoughts in my head as well.
 So this is partially therapeutic for me and hopefully beneficial for you guys at the same
 time.
 So Zuma Juice, so the back story behind kind of where we found Zuma Juice, one of my friends,
 Luke Jaden, and if you know Luke, he's an awesome marketer.
 He's someone he had a course back in the day called the postcard profits, which I bought
 and read.
 And then I think he's relaunching that as a book here soon, I hope.
 But he's a great marketer who does a lot of stuff.
 He does a lot of direct mail, postcard businesses, but then other things.
 And I remember a few years ago, he launched a new company called Zuma Juice.
 And so I always like watching my friends on journeys that are launching different companies.
 I remember him launching Zuma Juice and it was awesome.
 In fact, this is kind of a funny story.
 If you've read the dotcom secrets book, I tell the story about Drew Kanoli.
 So I went and consulted Drew when they were launching Organifi.
 In fact, they didn't have a name for Organifi yet.
 It was just like, it was called, it was a, this green drink in anyway.
 And so while I was consulting Drew, we were, I was in the room and I started funnel hacking
 funnels and one of the funnels I funnel hacked literally with Drew in the room with his team
 was the Zuma Juice funnel.
 And I think because Luke posted something, it was like, don't say anything about, I can't
 remember exactly, but anyway, there was some connection there.
 But I remember when Luke launched and my favorite thing is the sales video that he made.
 It was, it was so good.
 One of the best sales videos I've ever seen.
 And it looked like something that the Harvard brothers have made and I messaged Luke as
 the Harvard brothers do it.
 He's like, no, I messaged him.
 They didn't respond back to me.
 So he's like, I actually wrote the script myself and we had some guys who published it
 and everything.
 The video was amazing.
 And so I remember he launched the video.
 It's a, and then on the, we'll show some clips on the YouTube version, the video version
 of this, but the first version of the video, they launched it and it started going viral.
 There's a scene where like the girls are fruit and engine.
 She's chopping things in the kitchen.
 It's just, it's awesome.
 But there's this one part in it where they're talking about the, you know, us versus them,
 like healthy versus unhealthy.
 And there's this unhealthy girl who's got a big old box of cheese puffs.
 She's eating these cheese puffs.
 And, and it was like being healthy versus not.
 And it was really funny.
 It was really well written.
 And, but then there's a scene where the, the unhealthy girl with the big thing of cheese
 puffs like is in the wheelchair, like wheelchairs over to the green drink, the person in green
 drinks, they kind of fight back and forth.
 And it's really, it was the funniest part of the video and the video goes viral.
 It starts hitting really, really big.
 And then unfortunately for Luke, I feel bad, but like the, the handicap association or
 something saw it and started like this huge anti pressure thing against him and the company
 and all sort of like, I think if you Google, you can still see it was like, it was bad and
 looks like, oh my gosh, I didn't even, that wasn't the intention.
 That wasn't anything.
 So they stopped the video, pulled it down, edited that part out and relaunched the video
 and it relaunched.
 And I don't think it ever did as well because they missed that one little funny part of that.
 I saw that and I was like, oh, that sucks for him.
 They ran the company for another year or two or something and then some of his business
 partners, I don't know the whole detail, but they ended up turning the company off and
 it shut down.
 And I remember for a long time, I was like, man, that's such a cool company.
 I wish, I wish I could have it.
 Like the sales videos done, I remember messaging Luke, like, hey, would you ever sell it?
 He's like, let me ask my partners and they never could figure it out.
 And so every year or so, for the next five or six years, I messaged Luke, like, hey,
 can I buy the company?
 He's like, oh, let me ask them the partners and never worked.
 And finally, I think it was in the middle of, like, around COVID hit and I don't know what
 would change, but they're like, yep.
 And so I bought the company.
 It wasn't that expensive, but it was cool.
 It was like the entire sales video, which I think it spent about $250,000 making the
 sales video plus all the assets, plus the formulations, plus all the work you done, I
 got for not that expensive, which is really cool.
 So that was kind of the reason I was like, this would be a cool company.
 I know the sales video, copy is the hardest part about any business is the copy and the
 video.
 And so that video was really, really good.
 So that's kind of why, initially, why I bought it.
 And then it was going to be just a fun project.
 It is my kids and some of my friends.
 And that was kind of the original goal for it.
 And after we got it, got all the stuff back.
 And then it was like, hey, now we got to figure out how to manufacture.
 We started getting back into like being in the supplement business.
 It was the first time I've been in supplement business since pre-click funnels.
 I had a neuropathy supplement pre-click funnels and I love supplements.
 In fact, if you look at my favorite businesses, you'll notice this podcast software, info
 products, and supplements.
 Those are the three businesses I love.
 And those are the three businesses I'll ever be in because of the ones I'm most passionate
 about.
 So I want to do this again.
 And so the first thing we'd act is we had to go back and actually let me step back.
 The very first thing we did is we did a call with Luke James.
 So again, Luke's a great marketer.
 He's also the brain child behind this whole brand and the company and the copy and everything.
 And so we did a, we got my team.
 He's well-cocked.
 He's our lead copywriter.
 I'm meeting him and a couple of people we got on a call and we just picked Luke's brain
 for an hour.
 Like, why did you create this?
 What was the reasoning?
 What was your goal?
 What was the actual market?
 Right?
 You have green drink companies, like athletic greens, for example, which just got bought
 for a billion dollars.
 But if you drink athletic greens, it's literally like drinking grass clippings.
 But it's like the most hardcore like, like the hardcore people like injecting their veins
 because it's like, it's the best stuff.
 Right?
 And they got other green drink companies that taste like candy, but they're like, they're,
 they're, it's not healthy for you.
 And there's this whole spectrum and it was like, who are you trying to target with this?
 And so we talked about the, the target market and who it was and it wasn't like the hardcore
 health junkies.
 Like people who knew they need to be healthier, but they want some that tasted good.
 But it wasn't like trying to drink cool aid either.
 Like they're kind of in betweeners, which honestly is like people, I think like most,
 you know, like the, the middle segment of the market, which is exciting.
 Organifi is the same way.
 Organifi is great.
 But it's more for the hardcore market.
 It doesn't taste like it.
 My wife still drinks them.
 She'll, she'll put, you know, organifi red, green and gold method, you know, stirred up
 and plug her nose and chug it because she wants the health benefits, but it's not like
 something you enjoy.
 And with Zuma Juice, it was like, we want something like you would enjoy where it's like, hey,
 I want fruits and vegetables and breakfast, lunch and dinner.
 So I'm going to have it three times a day because it tastes good.
 It's really good for me.
 And so that was kind of the, the market and segment he was going after.
 We also learned about the, the tone.
 Like if you read the, you know, just in the sales video, like the fun tone, the email
 sequences they'd written in the past when we bought the company, we got all the email
 sequences so we could see the playfulness of how Luke communicated with the audience.
 We wanted to keep that and capture that.
 Um, these are that.
 So after that was the first call with Luke, then we had to go like to the manufacturers.
 We found a manufacturer we liked.
 We send them basically basically the recipes.
 Like when you create a supplement, the first step is there's a recipe.
 Like here's, you know, usually you hire a chemist or someone who's a natural path or
 something to, to create a recipe.
 So Luke had gone through and had someone build a recipe.
 So we knew the recipe.
 This one, he's looked like these are the things that are in it.
 Um, but the original flavor was mint.
 I wasn't obsessed with the mint flavor.
 I'm more of a candy guy.
 So I was like, I want to do the same thing.
 I want to be exactly identical.
 Don't change anything, but instead of mint flavoring, I want to make it taste like candy
 and like what kind of candy?
 I'm like peat rings.
 Come on now.
 Peat rings are amazing.
 Um, instead of what we gave it to the, to the manufacturer and then Luke had also created
 a red drink.
 So different, red drinks and green drinks, fruits and vegetables, green drinks are your
 vegetables, red drinks, your fruits.
 And I love red drinks because there's so many vitamins and nutrients from reds that we need,
 but typically with reds, you get a lot of sugar as well, right?
 With, with, with fruits.
 And so, um, he built a really cool recipe for zooming juice red, but it didn't have all
 the sugars and stuff in it, which was really cool.
 And so, um, we took that to the manufacturer.
 I want to make both reds and greens.
 Greens don't make it taste like peat rings and reds, like some kind of fruit punch flavor.
 And so we sent those and that started the process.
 The manufacturing for his supplement company is the longest hardest.
 It's not like an info product where you can have an idea and you create it, you launch
 it with supplements.
 It's like, it's like months of going back and forth and then making stuff and then
 send it to you and you got to taste it.
 We did tons of taste tests of like this flavor versus this versus this.
 And something we're good.
 Something we're bad until we put down like these are the flavors we like.
 And then we write a huge check, the manufacturer, they start ordering the rods and right at
 Ryan Greadians and putting them in the batches and stirring them up and making the, what
 was going to become Zuma Juice.
 Um, so I was the next step in the process was figuring out the product.
 Then if you watch the sales video, um, the, the main person, the hero in the sales video
 is a girl named Ariana.
 She's an amazing actress and model and like someone who's really, really cool.
 And so I was like, man, she's in the video.
 Like I want to, I want to use her for ads when you use her for the sales page.
 I want to use her.
 And so Luke introduced us to her, which is really cool.
 We had a chance to meet her and she is amazing.
 So we ended up, uh, having a time where she flew out here to Boise and then we got a whole
 bunch of pictures of her like, you know, holding the box like this and putting down
 and like the pictures for all the graphics, like like the upsell pages, we needed her
 to the red box, pointing to a smiling, her eating actual petrines and her, you know,
 holding the packet and ripping the packet.
 We got a million pictures of like all the things we would need for like sales pages,
 upsells, downsells.
 We need these images for funnels, for ads for social, just for all the things, right?
 So we did a whole bunch of pictures with her and then we also thought as long as we have
 her, film a whole bunch of ads.
 So they filled the whole bunch of really funny ads that we wrote where, um, you know, she's
 eating petrines and drinking juice and just a whole bunch of short form ads we can use
 as well.
 Um, and so we had them do that.
 And then her and, uh, she also owns a video production company.
 So then, uh, she went back home to California and we had her make a whole, you know, dozen
 or two other ads first as well.
 So we had a whole bunch of assets.
 So when we do know the funnel live, we have these ads we can use to push people into the
 funnel.
 So the thing mistakes people make is they, and I'm honestly guilty of this a lot as I'll
 spend so much time working on the funnel, you forget about the ads and then it's like,
 Oh, what are the ads going to mean?
 I saw almost an afterthought, whereas, um, now I try to be more conscious.
 Like as we are producing one of the product is we're creating ads along the way, right?
 Because now we have all these cool assets while we were creating this and that now become
 the eventual ads.
 Like I wanted to go to the manufacturing and be in the place while they're like mixing
 the powders and, you know, those things, but they have all these compliance things.
 They wouldn't let me do it.
 Um, but yeah, I would always like try to create ad creative along the way.
 Uh, so you have those assets when you're, when you're ready for them.
 So that's kind of the next piece of it.
 And then it was coming back down to like, okay, now we got to build out the funnel.
 So step number one for building out a funnel is what it's funnel hacking.
 Um, if I can show for the video, we can pull up the Trello board, but first thing that Heath
 and I did is we went and we funnel hacked.
 So what does that mean?
 Um, I want to see for everyone who's selling green drinks, like what are they doing right
 now?
 Like what's the best practice where people using?
 And so we found every green company we'd find online and we funnel hacked them.
 Funnel hacking simply means we went and we bought their product and took a screenshot
 of here's the sales page.
 Here's up.
 So one here's up.
 So two here's the thank you page.
 Here's the sales videos.
 Like I'm transcribed.
 Here's the ads.
 We just get as many screenshots as we can of every single funnel, right?
 And so we probably funnel hacked, I would say a minimum of a dozen different funnels.
 Um, and so I gave it some ideas like what, what are other people doing?
 What are their hooks?
 What are the angles?
 And this is where most people get funnel hacking wrong.
 They think funnel hacking means like, Oh, cool.
 I like how we're identified.
 I'm going to copy them.
 It's not what funnel hacking is.
 I don't know how many times I get in battles with people and socially about this.
 Like in fact, some of the day it was like someone ripped off their thing like, well,
 Russell told people we could rip it off.
 Like I didn't say that.
 And I said, yeah, you said that, um, as long as you change the words, you can steal
 everything else.
 Like I never have said that ever.
 Like it's unethical.
 It's illegal.
 I get ripped off more than anyone.
 And every time I see someone who uses my colors, like their book funnel that uses my
 colors, it makes me angry.
 Like that's not what I'm saying.
 I say funnel hacking is about understanding the, like what, what's in the market right
 now, right?
 It's doing your homework.
 So you know, like, like, I know that like here's what athletic green is.
 Here's the market.
 They're targeted.
 Here's who, um, organifi here's who's skinny greens.
 Here's who, um, patriot greens.
 I know who like all of them are targeting for audiences, right?
 Patriot greens are targeting like the preppers.
 And so their messaging is for preppers, right?
 Organifi is targeting, uh, bio hackers, yeah, athletic greens.
 You're, you know, it's like they all have their segments and it's like, where do we
 fitness ecosystem?
 I don't want to be another me too.
 I'm not trying to make another green drink.
 I'm trying to figure out here's a segment of the market that doesn't have a green drink
 yet that we're trying to target.
 Like, so I want to get a glimpse of the, of the ecosystem as a whole.
 That's one big reason why I'm doing funnel hack, not to copy, but to see what, like,
 where they are and where they aren't.
 So I can be where they aren't, right?
 So that's a big thing.
 I want people to understand.
 Number two is like understanding structure structures.
 I mean, I'm stealing their graphics.
 Structure means like, like, are they doing trial offers?
 Is they doing, you know, straight sales or do you do a VSL to one bottle, three bottle,
 five bottles and they still want to do the continuity.
 I'm trying to understand like what are people doing right now in this specific market.
 And so we funnel hacked about a dozen people to kind of get, like, delay the land.
 Then I was like, well, I got a bunch of green drink funnel hacks, but I want to see what
 other supplements are doing as well because sometimes, and we found this really big as
 I want to talk about bone broth.
 Like the bone broth market is their funnel versions.
 They never even heard of funnels.
 Like there's not a single person's gotten upsell, which is for me, I'm like, oh my gosh, like,
 you know, with green drinks, like I helped Drew build the original organ if I funnel.
 So that market's more advanced because organifi came out that people started modeling and
 copying them.
 And so it's a much more advanced market.
 So there's more people doing funnels.
 So I wanted to go like, what are other advanced markets that people are doing funnels?
 And just like to see other best practices because maybe they're people that are better
 than the green drink company, which there are, there are other big companies.
 So start looking like who are the other big supplement companies that are the top right
 now, right?
 Bio truss is my friends come and they just sold for hundreds of millions of dollars.
 Like they are funnel mashers.
 Went through through theirs.
 I went through, we literally started subscribing to a lot of the health newsletters to see what
 newsletters, like what supplements people are promoting to those newsletters, right?
 We looked at those bunch of other things and just started like funnel hacking other health
 supplements that weren't necessarily green drinks, right?
 That's what funnel hacking is.
 You just, I'm trying to get, trying to understand what the best practices are working today,
 right?
 So we did that and after it was done, then, you know, Heath and I and we sat down and started
 mapping, okay, what's this funnel going to look like?
 And so that was kind of an initial plan.
 So when we did the initial funnel, basically the structure, the very, the sales page, we
 have the sales video with Ariana, which is amazing.
 And then he throw it along for him versus the sales that, which was so good.
 And like, I love it.
 It's one of my favorite sales letters ever.
 And then we decided for initial structure, someone can, when they come to the landing
 page, you can buy one box, Zuma Juice for $77 or you can buy one box and get a shaker
 bottle for free when you sign up for subscription.
 So $67 a month to do subscriptions.
 So if you just want the box one time, $77, if you want the box plus a shaker bottle,
 it's a subscription at $67.
 So you get $10 a month discount if you do that way.
 Or we did two boxes and two shaker bottles for $117 a month if you and your spouse wanted
 to drink green green.
 So that was the initial version of the funnel we launched.
 Then we had an order form bump, which I don't have the product here, but we had vitamin
 D3 drops, which I can order for bump.
 Because something people a lot of times will add to their green drinks to these vitamin
 D3 drops.
 So I was order form bump.
 And then upsell number one, which as you see in almost every supplement funnel that was
 successfully modeled, in fact, this is coming clear back to my first sub funnel 10 years
 ago with Neracell.
 The thing that converts the best in sub the funnel on upsell number one is more of the
 same thing.
 So you just bought a box of Zuma Juice, the upsell is like, hey, do you want three more
 boxes?
 Do you want, you know, whatever, like that's the upsell.
 So the first upsell became three more boxes of Zuma Juice for $114.
 They got it at a discount.
 So basically whatever 114 divided by three is it becomes even more discounted version
 of Zuma Juice.
 And if they said no to that, then we exit popped up one box for $38.
 So again, they get a discount if they get it in the upsell flow.
 And then upsell number two now we shifted to the next product, our skew, which is like,
 hey, you got the green drink.
 Now here's the red drink.
 And so the next upsell was three boxes of Zuma Juice red for $114.
 They said no, that then we exit popped a $38 version of Zuma Juice.
 And then on the thank you page was just basically thank them.
 And I think, yeah, I think that's all basically the funnel was.
 So that was, that was the initial after all the funnel hacking and research and thinking
 through ourselves that was we decided to kind of do.
 So we laid out the structure, heat, throw the copy.
 We had the videos, we had the pictures from Ariana.
 So we had heat as our copywriter, then we had funnel designers who designed it and then
 a funnel builder should hooked it all up.
 And we got the very first version done in live about the same time that funnel hacking
 live last year, which is 2021.
 Yeah.
 FHL 2021.
 And so the product was about done.
 And so I said, hey, ship like a thousand satchels of Zuma Juice green to FHL.
 We're going to put it in everybody's bag.
 It's going to be amazing.
 So the shipping we are shipping directly from FHL to there.
 We've had like post cars where we are initially launched, like give it to funnel hackers
 and let them go funnel hack.
 I think we had an offer like if you go order a box, we'll give you a free copy of the entire
 Zuma Juice funnel we built out as a fun offer.
 We put it out there and I remember getting to FHL and I hadn't actually tried the finished
 product yet.
 And then I got one of the bags and I took it out first and it's like, we got Zuma Juice,
 our wrap stairs, put it in the water bottle, shook it up, started drinking it.
 And guess what?
 It did not taste like peach rings.
 It tasted like green drink.
 Like it was almost like they created it and they forgot to put any of the flavoring in.
 And my heart sunk.
 I was like, oh my gosh, but I don't want to say anything.
 Maybe I'm sick.
 Like maybe I got COVID.
 Maybe my taste is gone.
 Maybe I just, so I started making it for like Collette and my head collection.
 She's like, oh, it's good.
 Like, you know, if you don't know my wife Collette, she's very much like, just like,
 oh yeah.
 And I was like, no, like please be honest.
 And she's like, it's not very good.
 Like, oh crap.
 And other people taste everyone's like, I thought it was supposed to taste like peaturing.
 I'm like, yeah, there's pitchers of peaturing on the packet on the box.
 And it didn't taste like peaturing.
 And I was so embarrassed and like our first grand entrance, 5,000 funnel hackers all
 have a packet of it.
 And I'm like, I hope they don't drink it.
 I don't want them to try it because that's going to be the first sample and it's not
 going to taste good.
 And I remember being like devastated.
 And all that, like we had printed 5,000 of these satchels for FHL, but we printed like
 hundreds of thousands of these things that were now done in a warehouse.
 And we were going back to manufacturer and I was like, hey, this doesn't taste right.
 And I was sitting in the red drink, the red drink standing up, well, I'm like, neither
 of these tasted right.
 And so what they did was just super cool of them.
 They went through and took all the packets, reopened and dumped them all back in, added
 more flavoring in, and eventually got one of the tastes really good.
 And then it back to us and was like, oh my gosh, it tastes good again, put it back on.
 So we back on and kept doing it to make the new version.
 And so finally we got a new version done.
 We got a box of government warehouse, right?
 Hey, finally, great launch this funnel.
 It's gonna be awesome.
 So we launched the funnel and then this was the frustration.
 So this is me, here's Russell, me a little bit vulnerable with you.
 The long form version of the sales page is amazing.
 But ClickFunnels 1.0, the original editor, over time over the last eight years has gotten
 slower.
 And I've noticed that our competitors definitely noticed things.
 I always tease this about it.
 But the page was so long, there's so many images and so much stuff.
 It loaded so slow that our conversions were horrible.
 People come to page, it would take five or six seconds for it to load and we lost people,
 which sucks.
 And so with good news here, let me redeem myself before I go on.
 ClickFunnels 2.0, the editor is built in new language, is built off structure different.
 And ClickFunnels 2.0 page is the same side loads almost instantly, which is amazing.
 But we couldn't, in fact, even to this day, let me be recording this, you can't put it
 in 2.0 yet because we're still waiting for checkout elements.
 And so, but for 1.0, the page load is too slow and no one is converting.
 So we take this amazing, beautiful sales that I love, we need to chop out like 90% of it
 to make it work.
 So we sure unconfy it, we started launching it, now we started getting sales coming through.
 But our cart value wasn't as high as we needed to be.
 If you guys know the funnel game, there's two metrics.
 Like how much you pay into a choir customer, CPA, cost to acquire customer, and their
 average cart value.
 So we're spending more to acquire customer than we were inside the funnel.
 And I think in my head, still the biggest, still think the biggest problem is we don't
 have the full sales letter that we're just, we need to really get the conversions where
 we need to be.
 But then as I was meeting with the funnel team, went back and forth and then I found
 out something that's like devastated me on this product.
 So this is, for anyone who is launching a business and you're frustrated because things
 aren't working the way it's supposed to be, I was talking to the copier and I'm like,
 "Where's this element, these things we're missing from the funnel?"
 He said, "Oh, we had to pull them out."
 I said, "Why?"
 He said, "Well, the actual recipe that I built the sales funnel from, if you look
 at the ingredients in the actual Zoom industry, they don't sync.
 So I had to pull out all of these ingredients that had claims for the benefits they had,
 I had to pull these out because they're not actually in the product."
 Like, what are you talking about?
 He said, "Yeah, the recipe that I wrote the copy on, you gave me, which was the recipe
 we got from Luke Jaden."
 He's like, "This recipe does not match what's actually in the product."
 I mean, what are you talking about?
 I gave them the recipes to build that.
 Anyway, and so I go to the manufacturer, I'm like, "This is the recipe I gave you.
 This is what's in here."
 And they're like, "Yeah, that's what's in there."
 I'm like, "Are you sure because the copy told me anyway, we'll go back and forth and
 also I get a message from the manufacturer and I'm like, "Oh my gosh, we're so sorry.
 We see the mistake.
 You're right."
 The recipe you gave us is not what the sumo juice is.
 And I just sat there and I was like, "Oh my gosh."
 Like literally probably my hard cost for inventory are over six figures, $150,000 or more inventory
 that's now sitting there and it's not the right formula.
 I'm like, "Oh my gosh, what do I do?
 Do I just not say anything?"
 And just like, "Oh, well, we'll just tweak the copy."
 But I was like, "No, I didn't want to go create a product that just tasted good.
 I wanted to create a product that matched the promises we were trying to make for the audience.
 We're trying to make it for."
 Which sucks.
 I mean, there was that first thing.
 And so I went back to manufacturing and they're like, "We'll fix it.
 We're so sorry."
 But I was like, "You know what?
 There's been a couple of mistakes."
 And so we decided to transfer over to a different manufacturer.
 We used for other products in the past.
 I gave them the new recipe.
 And right now we're literally in the middle of doing taste testing with them, going through
 the same process of like, "Okay, how to make peaturing taste good with the formula that
 has all the stuff we need to do?"
 That's probably, I think that's part of the problem is like they couldn't get a taste
 right with our formulas.
 They pulled some of the things out to make it taste right.
 And it's like, "No, we can't.
 We couldn't do that."
 We're going back and forth.
 In fact, we have a couple of flavors of taste testing.
 You're like a sour apple, which is really good.
 Strawberry, Kiwi strawberry.
 There's like a mojito one, which is really good.
 And then on fruit punch, we're testing a bunch of flavors as well.
 So we're doing the whole process over again, which sucks.
 And it's slow.
 So we're working on the new version, which is kind of where we're at right now.
 And I'll talk about it in a minute.
 But in the interim, we have $100,000 worth of inventory of a product that's good and it
 tastes good.
 But as you guys know, my belief good is the enemy to great.
 And if I want this to be something I'm proud of, it's got to be great.
 And so right now we're doing testing in the funnel.
 We're testing another version of the funnel.
 It's short form like free plus shipping.
 They can't get two packs of featuring, two packs of fruit, red and green for free, cover
 shipping, handling.
 And then from there, I've pushed them up.
 So I'll just testing them things at a small scale to see what we can do to get the conversions
 right so when we do have the new product, we can blow it up.
 And so right now we've kind of slowed things down.
 I'm not buying ads actively.
 Again, I told you today they literally stopped the ads.
 We're working on the free plus shipping version of the funnel.
 There's testing a couple of things.
 Just to get the funnel working, we're probably, I think, a week and a half away from being
 able to build out the entire sales page in ClickFunnels 2.0, which will give us the
 build that page speed back to where it needs to be.
 Also, zumajoo.com, we're building out a full funnel hub so it'll match kind of the strategy
 I'm turning with all these virtual real estate properties, where the homepage is the funnel
 hub and then there's pages for the actual funnels and a bunch of other things.
 That's kind of where things are at right now.
 I think what else?
 Oh, one question I think that a lot of you guys are wondering, which was what I was
 wondering as well.
 It's like, now I've got $150,000 inventory sitting warehouse.
 What do I do with that?
 Do we just throw it away?
 Like, oh, but there are, do you guys know there are companies that do supplement liquidation
 and you don't make a lot of money but you usually get your hard costs back.
 We did that with another VRE company.
 There's an energy shot drink we made.
 It wasn't $100,000 or $40,000 worth of these shots we made and the flavoring came back horrible
 and there's a liquidator we're able to give it to.
 They liquidate it on these sub-markets and stuff and you only get pennies on the dollar
 but at least you recoup not all but a lot of your hard costs.
 So the plan is taking these existing ones and putting them through liquidator where we
 will get some of the money back on all of it.
 This is the game, right?
 This is the game we all signed up for.
 There's the ups, the downs, the pauses, the negatives, the pros, the cons.
 So that's what I wanted to share inside of these episodes.
 I hope by listening to the Zoom and Do stuff you got some ideas, you got some thoughts about
 the process of how we do it from like, why would I pick this business?
 Like, what is the most valuable asset to me?
 It's the copy, right?
 Like I bought this company because of the copy.
 That was the reason why.
 Trying to figure out like who's the actual avatar for this and funnel hacking to figure
 out which avatars are already being served and which is the avatar that we need to actually
 go after, right?
 Just sitting down and figuring out like what is the voice and the language of the company,
 right?
 Like, like really, I'm figuring that out.
 Like, is this going to be playful companies?
 Is it serious companies?
 Is it bio hacking?
 Like, we are drinking this stuff for energy and health or is it like, this is the fun
 thing that we should be drinking three times a day at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
 Like, what is the, what is the strategy?
 Like, hopefully you got some, some cool ideas from this.
 I'm also understanding like, look, just cause I'm Russell, just cause I'm the funnel dude
 who builds funnels who's obsessed with funnel hacks 15 funnels before we build this one.
 It doesn't always work the first time I'll get it.
 In fact, it doesn't.
 Hopefully it helps also knowing that like, I have problems with manufacturing.
 Hopefully when you grow the manufacturer, you make sure that, that when you get the sample
 that you know this is the actual formula, it's the credit formula.
 Like, okay, this tastes good.
 Is this based on this exact formula?
 Hopefully there's a dozen or so things that will give you guys ideas whether you're building
 a supplement company or any company.
 So hopefully you got that value from this podcast.
 Anyway, so this is the first version of the new, of the new style of the podcast.
 If you guys have enjoyed this, please let me know.
 I'm enjoying it.
 I'm going to keep taking on the Zuma Juice journey.
 When we do our next update, I'll do a new episode that talks about where we left off
 and where we're going from here.
 I'm going to keep as things are happening.
 And again, I want to show you guys behind the scenes of all the different companies that
 we're doing this with, because I think hopefully a good ideas and you'll see, you know, that
 this is real that we're, we're messing up along the way just like all of you guys are
 and hopefully it's comforting.
 And if you are enjoying this, please let us know.
 And also you should go test out Zuma Juice.
 All you know, when the finalize, not good version, but great versions done, but you just go test
 it out and try and drink it.
 Funnel hacking, go through the process.
 Like look at what we did and why we did it.
 These are all things that we're testing.
 These aren't just, you know, again, this wasn't just like me making up a funnel.
 I went through the same process I tell you guys to go through from funnel hacking, from
 searching, from building, from testing, from launching, from failing, from relaunching,
 from failing, tell you get it actually right.
 But the cool thing is like when this is done, when it's right, then we start growing and
 we get to 100 customers, then 1,000, then 5,000.
 And then, you know, I was talking to Ryan Ran about this.
 He talks about supplement companies.
 Like you get 5,000 active customers on a supplement.
 You can sell a company for $10 million.
 So for my mind, this is the goal.
 Like how do we get 5,000 people on Zuma Juice and an exit for $10 million?
 Like that becomes a fun virtual real estate property.
 It's like building a house on Park Place and like adding the people and all sorts of stuff.
 And then you sell it for, you know, for eight figures.
 Like how many cool little virtual real estate virtual, that's hard to say that I blur the
 words, but virtual real estate properties is can you can you create.
 So as you guys will listen to future episodes of the podcast, you will notice in the subject
 line, there'll be a brackets as VRE.
 These are episodes I'm talking about a virtual real estate property.
 So again, this is the Zuma Juice episode number one.
 I will do ones on magnetic marketing, Dan Kinney.
 That's a virtual real estate property for me.
 I'll do it with doodly.
 We'll do it with aubon broth, like all these different ones.
 And so hopefully if you guys enjoy this episode, you enjoy all the other virtual real estate
 episodes as well.
 And again, if you enjoyed this episode, please, please, please share it with other people.
 That is how you can get back to me the most because I'm doing these for free because I
 love sharing it number two, but number one, number two, hopefully you get some value from
 it.
 So if you do, please share it with other people.
 Talk about it on Facebook, share it on forums, post it on your feed, like whatever it is,
 let people know about it.
 And if you have questions about this product or any project, go to marketing seekers.com
 and again, there's a block there where you can submit voice questions and I listen those
 questions and we'll pull those ones back in.
 Maybe my next Zuma Juice episode, if you guys ask questions specifically about this, or
 maybe if you're watching YouTube, you're posting them below.
 My team can pull those questions and we can answer them.
 At the beginning of the episode, the next Zuma Juice episode, and that way we can kind
 of have this as an open dialogue, which makes it more fun for me and hopefully for you as
 well.
 So that's kind of the game plan.
 You guys, I hope you enjoyed this episode.
 We'll see you guys on the next episode of the Marketing Secrets Show.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
