 Hey, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the marketing secret show.
 During today's episode, we're going to be talking about all things related to Dan Kennedy
 and the No BS marketing newsletter.
 I'm going to talk about the history of GKIC/Dan Kennedy's company.
 I'm going to talk about the things that they did to grow their company.
 I'm going to talk about what we did when we acquired the company, why we acquired it,
 and all the things we're doing now to grow the company.
 I'm going to show you guys behind the scenes of the new launch we're doing to get people
 to ascend up to a higher level of membership and a whole bunch of other really fun things.
 Before you get into this episode, I want to make sure you send an intention going into
 this, understanding that I'm going to be sharing behind the scenes of this huge business model,
 and you don't need to take on everything.
 Like, I want you listening specifically for the one or two nuggets that you can actually
 apply to your business.
 Don't just listen to this for entertainment, although I will try to be entertaining for
 you guys.
 Make sure you're listening with intentions like, "Oh, there's something I can apply to
 my business right now."
 Hopefully that'll help you guys as you're going through this.
 Also as always, make sure you rate and review these podcasts.
 Number one is how we get the message out.
 Number two, it gives me motivation to keep doing these.
 Because I have a lot of things I can do in my life, and if you guys are not getting
 value from the podcast, I can focus on other efforts, or I can go back to bed.
 So if you're enjoying these, please rate and review, share these other people.
 It means the world to me.
 Also, if you have specific questions for this episode or any episode, go to marketingseekers.com.
 There's a blog that you can submit questions, and those audio questions do come directly
 to me.
 I listen to them, and if your question is really cool, I will answer it here live on the show,
 which would be really cool.
 And then on top of that, at marketingseekers.com, you'll have a chance to go see the video version
 of this episode if you're listening right now, as well as the transcripts, show notes, other
 links and cool things as well, which is really, really cool.
 This episode is actually brought to you by a very special sponsor, and this one, maybe
 this is a shameless plug.
 I don't even know, but today this is actually being sponsored by the No BS newsletter,
 because when we're talking about it, I'm sure you guys have been in the scenes, but honestly,
 if you are not subscribed to No BS newsletter, the only logical reason I can think of is
 you must hate money.
 So now is the time if you go to No BS letter.com, you get access to what we call the most
 incredible free gift ever.
 It's like over $10,000 of money making material for me in Dan Kennedy.
 You get for free when you subscribe to the No BS marketing newsletter, which comes to
 you every single month in the mail.
 This is the personal letter from Dan Kennedy and for me talking about the most important
 that you can implement in your business.
 This is like having us handle over a seminar to you every single month in the mail, and
 when you get the No BS newsletter, you also get for free the behind the scenes newsletter
 where I show you guys behind the scenes of our marketing campaigns, our funnels with screenshots,
 images and stats, everything we're doing.
 Again, this is the greatest offer of all time.
 All you got to do is go to No BS letter.com to go get subscribed to the newsletter and
 go get the most incredible free gift ever.
 And with that said, you guys, we're going to jump into the podcast.
 I hope you enjoy this episode.
 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 Okay.
 So today's podcast episode, we're going to be talking about behind the scenes of Dan
 Kennedy's company.
 Obviously, a lot of you guys know we acquired magnetic marketing last year, spent almost
 a year now that we've had it.
 I was sure you guys behind the scenes of kind of what, like why we bought this company,
 what the old business model was, as we acquired it, like what we did, how we cleaned it up,
 how we relaunched it, where we're going with it and a whole bunch of things along the way.
 And I hope that you get just a bunch of ideas for your businesses, like how to go through
 these things.
 So some back story for those who don't know who Dan Kennedy is, he is, a lot of them consider
 him like the Godfather of marketing.
 He was one of the first, if not the first people that really was in this industry, not
 just doing it, but also teaching other people how to do it.
 He's been big, he was behind the scenes of writing infomercials for Gunty Rinker and a
 bunch of big companies you'd be aware of, but he's been in the trenches forever.
 And then I think 1996 is when he published the very first version of the No BS marketing
 letter.
 I don't have a copy of that one here, but I do have a copy of this one from May 2002.
 So as you watch the video, you can see it's this newsletter and it's like black and white,
 what 10 pages, staple together and this was their newsletter.
 And this is the backbone of Kennedy's company.
 So he launched in 1996, I believe, it's called the No BS marketing letter and he ran it for
 a bunch of years.
 And the company was called Kennedy Inner Circle, KIC.
 And then eventually Dan was like, I don't want to be running a business.
 I want to do content, I want to do business anymore.
 And so one of the people in his mastermind was Bill Glaser and he actually sold the company
 to Bill Glaser and Bill Glaser rebranded as GKIC.
 So those who have been around the block for a little while, like me, remember it being
 called GKIC.
 That was the company.
 And instead for Glaser Kennedy Inner Circle.
 In fact, one funny side note, I joined the mastermind, I was like all in drinking the
 coolant, I was in the mastermind for six years.
 And my last year there before Bill had sold the company, they had me speak on stage and
 I gave four presentations.
 And I joked because I actually spent more time on stage than Dan did in this event.
 And so my slides, I took the GKIC logo and I rebranded as a GK BIC.
 I was like, this is the Glaser Kennedy Bronson Inner Circle meeting, thanks so much for being
 here.
 I kept calling it that.
 And I think I made Bill really mad because he went back to the audio video guys who's
 actually blue, who does FHL now, which is funny and told him to pull my slide down.
 I had the GKIC, it was a GKIC, he was a little like carrot, had it be in the middle.
 And he told them to take it down, which I thought was hilarious, but apparently Bill
 didn't think it was funny.
 But now, like, you know, now looking where we are today is kind of funny because I should
 just rename the GKBIC just anyway.
 So, but I was in that world for six years I was in Bill's masterminds.
 He was my, honestly my first big mentor and Bill and Dan, I just learned so much from
 even to this day, people always asked me, where do you learn marketing from?
 I'm like, I listened to Dan Kennedy almost daily to this day, you know, a decade and
 a half later because he still brings the best insights.
 And so, back when Bill and the company, I had a really unique insight.
 I got to know Bill really well.
 I had a chance to see behind the scenes what they were doing at a pretty deep level.
 And if you look at like their entire business ran off of this print newsletter called the
 No BS newsletter, right?
 And so Bill's whole thought, in fact, Bill told me, he's like, I'm in the two things business,
 I'm in the business of getting customers and the business of retaining customers.
 Like that's all I do.
 Everything else is an appendage to that, right?
 Their events, their seminars, their courses, everything was just appendages to the two goals
 of the business, which is I'm in the business of acquiring customers and the business of
 keeping customers, which is actually something as I'm saying this out loud, I need to go
 back to our cliff funds to make that more our core priority.
 But that was the two things.
 And so, he was all about how do I get people and how do I get them to stick.
 And then when you, when you signed up, so they had the first version that when I got
 into the Kennedy world, Bill launched an offer that they called the MIFG.
 And MIFG stands for most incredible free gift ever.
 And it was a big package of like $630 of money making stuff for free when you join the
 NOBS newsletter.
 So I signed up for it back in the day, I got a kit in the mail and then the newsletter
 started coming, I get a newsletter every single month.
 And I would read it and it was like having a conversation with Dan Kennedy, which was
 you know, super fun.
 And it would eventually had joined the Mashman group and I remember Bill walking me through
 the process.
 He said that, you know, they have funnels, he called funnels back then.
 And he's like, we have offers like the MIFG that acquire new customers.
 And he's after we acquire customer, our goal then is to ascend the customer.
 And so inside their company, they different levels.
 They had a gold level and then a diamond level and then like a peak performer, letner level
 and then a platinum and a titanium and there were five and five or six different levels.
 And I remember that he said that they had someone on their team that was specifically
 in charge of marketing to each level.
 So if you came in and they, sorry, before they had like their big email list, so the
 email list is like unconverted leads, right?
 And the whole goal of email list is to get them to sign up for membership to become a
 gold member.
 And as soon as you become a gold member, you jumped in this bucket and then the only job
 of the people marketing to the gold members is to get someone to go from gold to diamond
 to send them up.
 And so they had different marketing campaigns, different emails, different telesem seminars
 back in a different direct mail campaigns, everything with them.
 So only goal is get someone to ascend from, from gold to diamond.
 And then as soon as you become a diamond member, you got bumped off of that marketing
 campaign list onto the diamond list and the entire goal is to get you from diamond to
 be performer.
 So you can see that the platform is peak to platinum, platinum, titanium.
 And so that's how all the marketing sequences are built out.
 In fact, you would see it like when they would launch events, like they launched their super
 conference and the sales that would come out.
 It's like tickets are a thousand bucks.
 But if you're a gold member, it's 800 bucks.
 If you're a diamond member, 700 bucks, if you're, you know, whatever the thing is.
 And so, and you could check whatever price you want to pay.
 But if you checked, I want the diamond level members, then they put you on continuity.
 Now you were a diamond member.
 And so we got people to ascend up every time they sold them anything.
 And you're at their events, like when I was speakers and as a speaker, they wanted to
 be have three prices, like price for gold, diamond and titanium or whatever.
 And so I had different prices on my package because they wanted every single thing with
 all about sending people from one step to the next.
 The other big thing I learned from, from Bill and from Dan is when you went to their
 events, you'll notice me, I do some funnel hacking live a lot.
 Like when I was speaking at a GKIC event, they never said, this is internet marketing
 nerd Russell Brunson come on stage.
 They'd say, this is titanium member Russell Brunson.
 Like they always, they labeled me by the level of membership I was.
 And you notice the people on stage are always a platinum and titanium member.
 So if you want to be on stage, like I have to be a platinum and titanium member, you
 probably know it's a fun, lacking live.
 People always ask me, how do you go on stage?
 Well, notice how we introduce them.
 Like this is two common club member or so and so speaking.
 This is inter circle member, so and so speaking.
 Like we label them as we, as we, as we introduce them with level membership that they're at,
 which makes people want to send up, right?
 So just a little strategy I learned from Bill along the way that were so cool.
 But they're tired.
 Like I said, the entire business ran around this no BS newsletter.
 Now I remember one of my masterminds was out in a mastermind was in Baltimore where Bill
 lived.
 I remember I was sitting at the table and we're in this big U shaped mastermind table.
 Some of them are presenting and I sit next to Bill and Bill was kind of being fidgety.
 And I was like, everything okay.
 He's like, I'm just waiting for something.
 I'm like, what?
 And he's like, I sold GKIC.
 I'm like, what?
 He's like, yeah, the wire substitute today.
 I'm like, how much did you sell for?
 He's like, I can't tell you, but I can tell you that as soon as this wire lands, I'll never
 have to work again.
 And I was like, what?
 He's like, don't tell anybody.
 I'm like, I'm the worst secret keeper ever.
 You can't tell me to not tell someone and I'm going to go tell like I was just kind of
 freaking out.
 But I was so excited, right?
 And then he sold the company and then it went downhill fast.
 The company sold, who's a PE firm who, and hopefully they're watching this.
 Anyway, maybe I should, can I'm not going to make fun of them?
 They didn't know what they were doing.
 They didn't understand the business they bought.
 They remember watching them do things.
 I was like, they don't understand like the heart of this business.
 Like, they were making choices that nothing to do with like the focus of the business
 is to getting, you know, to get members and keep members.
 They were doing all sorts of stuff that had nothing to do with it.
 And this, these guys, this PE firm, they ended up going through, I don't know, six or
 seven different CEOs throughout the time.
 They ended up burning it to the ground.
 They offended most of the existing members like me and other people.
 And it got smaller and smaller and smaller.
 It was the point where I don't know all the stats and the details.
 But that point where basically had kind of died on the vine.
 And about that time, they were going to fire sell it or something.
 And Adam Whitty, who was a GKSC member, he owns Forbes books.
 Adam was a friend of Dan's and basically Dan said, "Hey, Adam, you should buy it."
 And so Adam bought it and then Adam owned the company.
 And just yet another way that the business works, Dan doesn't own any of the company.
 Ever since Bill, Bill bought 100% of GKSC and then Dan is basically on contract to work
 for the thing, which is the same relationship I have with Dan.
 I own the company 100% and then I have contract with Dan to write, to speak, to do things
 like that.
 So Adam Whitty bought the company.
 Dan was working with him.
 And then about a year into it, as you guys know, that's when Dan almost passed away.
 And so poor Adam was going to this new business.
 He's trying to launch it.
 The face of it kind of, we all thought he died.
 And then he came back and then he wasn't able to work for like a year.
 And we got a point where it's just the birding game to have you for Adam as well.
 And then about a year ago right now, actually, is when I got the message from Adam saying,
 like, hey, would you be interested in buying this company?
 And obviously I was like, yes, that'd be amazing.
 And so we negotiated the company.
 I was able to get it pretty inexpensively.
 I'm not at Liberty.
 Talk about the actual details.
 It was not that expensive.
 And then we had a contract with Dan.
 A lot of the payments financed from the future profits.
 So I was able to say, I'm going to pay this.
 I talked about this a while ago on an episode about acquiring companies.
 Like, we acquired companies nowadays.
 Let's say you spend, I'm just throwing a number.
 It says $20 million.
 You don't give someone $20 million.
 You may say, I'm going to give you $1 million.
 I'm going to pay you $1 million a year, whatever, $2 million a year for the next five years,
 or whatever it is, $100 million a month.
 You figure out something where the business you buy can actually finance back the payment,
 which is awesome.
 And that's kind of similar to what we did.
 We paid it from, and then the business finance, the next little bit till it was paid off.
 And so we had it right for Funaki Live.
 And that's when I was sending my contracts with Dan, I was like, speak it Funaki Live.
 And then he's like, do you want to do a promotional to promote it?
 I'm like, no, we're not telling anybody.
 This is going to be the greatest secret of all time.
 And so we didn't tell anybody.
 And then obviously FHL, Dan came on stage.
 And those who were there, he freaked out and it was awesome.
 And for most people, they thought he'd been know he had survived his accents and stuff.
 And so a lot of people were just excited to see him.
 And it was a magical moment.
 And that was in what September of last year.
 So then from September to December is when we can set back and say, okay, we got to figure
 out this business.
 Like, what is it doing?
 What's happened in the last decade since Bill Solley?
 It's good.
 What's bad?
 And luckily they were a handful of like rockstar team members from the original team that
 were still around.
 And so we flew them out to Boise made a chance to look at everything.
 Look at the numbers.
 Like, here's what's working.
 Here's what's not working.
 Here's what's and just seeing all sorts of things.
 And so for the most part we did is we almost shut off everything.
 It's like, let's just shut down everything and this slowly relaunched things in the sequential
 order that makes sense.
 And so for me, the very first thing is like, well, how did Bill launch this company?
 He created a Miffki.
 Let's create a Miffki offer.
 And Ladi has seen the Miffki.
 If you haven't yet, go to knowbsletter.com and go get your copy of the Miffki.
 It's the most incredible free gift ever.
 And basically we give an insane gift.
 You cover shipping and handling and you get a month worth of the newsletter.
 And so we created the Miffki offer.
 And number two is like, and I wanted to launch the new newsletter in January.
 Just because, I don't know, I wanted to start in January.
 So someday I can buy these in 12 month books or whatever.
 So I was like, January 1st, we're launching the new version of the newsletter.
 And we got to make a new one.
 And then we had big dates back and forth because Dan Kennedy was like, Dan's like, I
 want it to be black and white, staple together.
 That's what it's supposed to be.
 And in the past, I've done newsletters that like magazines.
 And he's like, no.
 In fact, one of the versions, someone who owned the company one time turned into a magazine
 and all the members hated it.
 It's like, I feel like I paid five bucks in a newsstand for this versus, you know, a
 hundred bucks for this paper off Dan's fax machine or whatever.
 And so we kind of made a middle ground where we designed a version that's not a staple
 together black and white, but it's not a magazine.
 It's kind of this individual version.
 And so we created a new newsletter and then my biggest fear was like, we've got Dan's
 audience and we have, we have the ClickFunnels audience.
 I'm like, I know that Dan's audience is going to love Dan's.
 That's awesome.
 And I was like, I'm afraid that my audience isn't going to, isn't going to spend enough
 time to really get to know Dan to stick with him, right?
 Partially because like when I first got into Dan Kennedy, where I understand, took me a
 while because a lot of his principles he's teaching or corrections on his marketing,
 but he's showing examples of chiropractors and dental care places and so on and stuff
 by that.
 And it takes you a while to like bridge the gap of like, oh my gosh, I can see how these
 things fit in my business.
 So I had this fear that all the ClickFunnels community coming here, getting no BS newsletter
 and they would leave because they wouldn't, they wouldn't get it.
 I was like, if we're going to get people to stick, I love to have something for both sides.
 Plus all the Kennedy people need more internet stuff.
 So a lot of you guys know ever since I was in the GK, I see where I've been publishing a
 print newsletter.
 In fact, we've published one for over a decade, almost a decade and a half.
 And it's had different variations of the dot com secrets letter and then something else
 and something else and eventually it was funneling university, which we shut down about a year
 ago.
 So I kind of want to bring back funnel university, but a little bit different.
 I want to show people behind the scenes of the online campaigns that we're running.
 And so that's what we decided to do is instead of having one newsletter to have two, which
 is the big undertaking.
 Like now we're right, two newsletters a month, which is a lot.
 I mean, each of these is like, you know, 20 to 40 to 50 pages.
 I mean, it's almost writing like, you know, a hundred page newsletter a month.
 No, not quite.
 I say probably 50 or 60 page newsletter every single month.
 You know, 600, 800, almost a thousand pages a year.
 I guess it's like publishing two books a year on marketing with Dan Kennedy.
 So it's a lot of work on this side and it's taken us a couple months to get in the process
 of it.
 But now at the time I'm recording this, we are in July.
 And so since January, even two newsletters a month, January for a March, April, May, June,
 June, yeah, seven months of this now.
 So and it's finally we have a process and the thing it's been working and like people
 are anyway, even like the old time or so you didn't like the newsletter.
 The first came out with an hour like, okay, this is turning out really good.
 You've done a good job.
 Like, thank you.
 But it's been really cool.
 So again, if you don't have these letters, like I spend a couple of days every month
 just focusing on this and how much effort we put into this.
 I have a two hours month, I interviewed Dan to get the content for this.
 I funnel hack a funnel and I show behind the scenes of the stats and numbers and all
 the details and I show you like unique campaigns and strike.
 It's our best stuff delivered every single month to your mailbox.
 So if you don't have it, like you need to get it.
 It's you'd be insane not to, but this is the business, right?
 So the first phase of our business, like how do we grow the newsletter, right?
 Dan Kennedy or Bill Glaser 101, like step number one is how do we get new members?
 And so the MIFG obviously launched and we've been buying ads and creating things.
 We've had about 6,000 people now who have I think is like 6,000 six this morning who
 have got the MIFG which is amazing.
 Right now, 71% of the people stay through the first month billing which is insane.
 Most continuity programs are like half of that.
 So really proud of the initial thing of keeping members to the least through the first billing.
 We're still working on keeping them longer, but it's been really, really good.
 The business has already paid hundreds of paid itself off and it's profitable which is
 obviously exciting and amazing.
 And there's a whole bunch recurring, you know, recurring income coming from us.
 97 dollars a month to be part of the newsletter.
 I think our newsletter revenue is like, I don't know, close to almost like $354,000 a month.
 I think it's coming from the newsletter revenue, which is great.
 And so my big goal is obviously is like keep feeling this.
 And so the first question for somebody is thinking, okay, we have this newsletter.
 You promote it, you've driven ads, like how do you scale faster?
 And that's the question I keep asking myself as well.
 So one thing is that obviously Dan has written like 40 different books.
 So now we're coming back and building book funnels.
 And the goal of the book funnels is to get people into the MIFG offer.
 So the first one we're doing is Dan wrote two books, one's called The Ultimate Sales Letter,
 one's called The Ultimate Business Plan.
 So we're doing a funnel right now we're working on.
 It's going to be those two books, basically free plus shipping, get two Dan's, the ultimate
 books.
 And that'll bring you to the funnel, which obviously will eventually lead you to the
 MIFG offer.
 And this is another exciting thing.
 So Dan and I are working on a book together.
 And I think the time, like 90% sure the title of the book is going to be called The Ultimate
 Sales Funnel.
 What?
 So it's going to be like the, yeah, like it'll be a trilogy of the ultimate sales letter,
 ultimate business model, and then the ultimate sales funnel, which is going to be so exciting.
 So we're working on that right now.
 But anyway, that's the book funnel we're launching.
 We have other front and frontos we're launching to get people into this.
 And so that's all about getting new customers.
 Now, the next phase of the business, this is where we're literally out right now.
 So I don't have stats or details for you yet, but I can tell you the strategy, what we're
 doing and why.
 And then hopefully it'll be going live by time, you know, honestly the next week or so.
 So everything with the MIFG so far has been the focus points to get people to become gold
 members, right, get them into the newsletter.
 We've spent seven or eight months now like, like perfecting this process, making it good
 and getting, you know, all the conversions well, but also the content right that people
 like it.
 They're sticking, they're enjoying it.
 It's giving them the right stuff.
 It's sustainable on our side to continue to produce this much, all that kind of stuff.
 So now that's all in place.
 Now the next step is okay.
 What's the next level?
 So there is, there is already inside of Kennedy's world.
 There's the gold level, which is the newsletter.
 And then there's a diamond level.
 And don't ask me why you went from metals to rocks.
 I'm still so confused and I want to change it from so bad that there's so much barking
 out there with anyway.
 So we're going gold to diamonds to who knows anyway.
 So second here is that we cut out basically all the other tiers they have in the past.
 We basically shut down, moonlighted them just because I want to build a focus and slowly
 open things that make logical sense to do.
 So diamond right now, I think diamond have like 300 members in it from their legacy members
 have been there for a long time, which is amazing.
 And I want to get that point where there's a thousand or two thousand or three thousand
 members.
 Diamond is $300 a month.
 And so the next thing is like, okay, how do we, like, what's the process to send somebody
 from gold into diamond?
 And so we wanted to basically create a new MIFG.
 Now we're not calling this the MIFG, but it is like what's an offer we created so good
 it's so powerful they can only get it they ascend to become a diamond member.
 And so when we bought Dan's company, I got a hard drive with everything these cradle
 in the last 40 years, which is like a gold mine going through.
 And as I was, as I was going through everything, I found this one folder that was called diamond
 faxes.
 And I knew there's a diamond level member.
 So what are the diamond faxes?
 I opened up, I started reading them and these were faxes and I talked to Molly who has been
 with the company forever.
 I said, Molly, what are these diamond faxes?
 And she said, well, from 2012 to 2019, if you don't, Dan Kennedy, he doesn't have an
 email.
 He just faxes things to people.
 So he, he would send a personal, he would fax all of his diamond members the fax of
 like his thoughts of the week, like the best marketing strategies, the best, you know,
 personal development, the best, whatever he was excited about that week, he'd read a
 one-page fax and he faxed it to all the diamond members for seven years.
 And so I started reading these.
 They were like, they're so good.
 I've read two or three month podcasts in the past, but like they're, they're insane.
 Like some of these things are like, I'd pay, I'd have paid $1,000 for Dan to tell me this,
 right?
 And it's here in a fax and there's seven years, like 360 of them.
 And don't people ever see these are the people around diamond during that little window of
 time who actually had a fax machine.
 So most of the world's never seen this stuff and it is insanely good.
 And so I was, I'm a book nerd.
 So I was like, I want these in a book.
 And so we, we published them together in this book.
 And then right now this book is 446 pages long with, I think, 360 something faxes from
 Dan Kennedy directly to diamond members.
 So because it was just for diamond members, I was like, this is the hook.
 This is the Miffki.
 So the offer, in fact, you can see if you go diamond upgrade.com, you get a free copy
 of this book when you upgrade to diamond, right?
 That's the, there's the hook.
 There's the thing you people in, right?
 This is the, the sexy thing.
 So hopefully those who are, who are trying to take things themselves, like if you're
 trying to get someone to send your next level or to stick or whatever, like what is the
 sexy thing they, they want so bad, like diamond members want this.
 I'm hoping you want this.
 I wanted this.
 Like it is one of my favorite books that we've ever hit anyway.
 It's amazing.
 So you create amazing offer and they come in.
 So that'll get some people to ascend up, right?
 Then they need the, it's, it's Bill Glazer, right?
 I mean, the getting members and keeping members business.
 So we get them in.
 This is a big hook that'll get people to send up and it may send up because they want
 the book and then just send back down or cancel, whatever, which is fine.
 But I want, I want to keep people.
 So it's like how to make this offer, like how to make this people stick forever.
 So the next question, like what do diamond members get, right?
 You know, each month, Dan does a masterclass.
 They're just for diamond members.
 He's like full video production.
 We can sit down and listen to Dan, which are amazing.
 Another cool thing we, we had inherited was they created a Dan Candy search engine, which
 basically goes back to all the newsletters back to like 1996 and put them in the search
 engine where you could go and type in Disney and it shows all of the, the times that Dan's
 ever in about Disney, you can go find those.
 You can type in Russell Brunson.
 You see all the times that he ever mentioned me, you can type in whatever.
 And so we created the search engine.
 We plugged that in, which is really good as well.
 Right.
 So the search engine they sell for two grand.
 You get his diamond member, you get the book as a diamond member.
 And then I was like, how do we, I want people to stick on.
 I never want them to leave it.
 Like what do we have that sticky?
 You know, one of the most powerful things about ClickFunnels is that people, they stick
 for a long time, right?
 So like, how do I get these people to, to stick?
 And one thing that Bill used to always tell me is like stick is about creating pain and
 disconnect.
 But they disconnect, you know, like it's hard for them to quit ClickFunnels because if you
 quit, like you lose your funnels, right?
 Like, so there's big pain and disconnect, which keeps people around.
 We're traditionally with info product, membership sites, stuff.
 There's no pain and disconnect.
 You cancel.
 You, you cancel.
 Right.
 And so for diamond, like how do we create a pain and disconnect?
 And then we had this idea.
 And when I used to go to Kennedy's events back in the day, they, they would like sell
 all their different courses.
 But then if you go back and they had all the courses, like on this big huge thing, and
 they had one product called the whole inch a lot, which is basically like 25 or 30 grand.
 And he would just ship you one of everything.
 And it was so cool.
 It's called a whole inch a lot.
 So I was like, what if we gave people who came diamond a whole inch a lot of it?
 I mean, the problem is then you log in and you're like, here's every course stands ever
 had, which is kind of cool.
 But I was like, would it be more powerful?
 And you'll give people the stick is like, what if we create this whole inch a lot of,
 but they have access to everything, but they only, they get to pick like one or two courses
 a month, right?
 And it's every course stands, every crane last 40 years, they're all in there.
 And each month you log in, you get two tokens or two credits or whatever it is, where you
 can go and unlock a, you unlock a course, right?
 So you're like, Oh, I want a speaking from stage.
 You click a button and unlocks and now you have access to it.
 And they have it for forever.
 But if you ever cancel, you lose access to all the ones you've unlocked, right?
 And each month you unlock more and more similar, how audible does it, right?
 And other companies.
 And so we're building that infrastructure.
 The members are right now.
 It should be done before this officially goes live here soon.
 But it's a goal.
 Again, here's the, the offer to get people to send up and then how do we get them to stick?
 We make it where there's pain and disconnect.
 We unlock things and give them things.
 But then if they, they leave, they lose these things, right?
 You could go re-sign up and then you got to go and each month earn your courses back.
 So you have all the different courses.
 So just some things we're doing strategically.
 And again, we haven't launched diamond yet.
 I don't know what the conversions or numbers or anything you're going to be.
 But that's the things we're doing because we know that's the next tier to really get
 people in here.
 Okay.
 Other things I want to kind of mention just, again, visualize like where I'm going in
 the future.
 So we've got the gold level.
 We've got the diamond level.
 I do know there's going to be a third level, which is going to be our high ticket level.
 I don't know what that is yet.
 Some of you guys have even watched and clicked phones.
 You know, we recently launched our certification program, which sold really, really well.
 We're going to be thinking about launching like a marketing consulting certification program
 that goes based off Dan's teachings.
 I'm not sure about that.
 We're also working, well, there's other potential partnerships that potentially be going into
 gold and the diamond works more than just Dan, other amazing people.
 But I'm not sure yet.
 And we're still trying to figure those pieces out.
 But if you look at, again, I'm always looking at like what are the different funnels, different
 businesses and different industries that are working well?
 One of the ones I've been watching really closely, actually speaking of Funnahaki Live
 is Brook Castillo.
 Brook, she has a $300 a month membership site, which is very similar to diamond level.
 And then she's got a $21,000 certification program.
 And she is one of the most successful and full product businesses in the world.
 So I'm looking at that like, man, how do we create something similar with the $300 level,
 but then you have this higher in certification that's amazing.
 So I've been talking to Dan about that.
 We may or may not do that.
 I haven't decided yet, but that's something that after we've executed on correctly the
 diamond level, we have, you know, this is gold growing and diamond's growing and people
 are sticking at both sides.
 That would be the next thing for us to tackle is that, which would be cool.
 And then the other thing, like the reason why people always ask like, why do you buy
 a company?
 Why do you buy it?
 And there are a couple reasons, right?
 There's a reason, like, I want to work with Dan Kennedy.
 Number two, I want to extend his legacy.
 Like he's had such an impact on me.
 You want to do it.
 And number three, like, I love this game.
 Like building funnel spacing.
 There's so much fun finding like diamonds in the rough, like Dan Kennedy's faxes is
 like, it's greater than it's like treasure hunting.
 Like it's so much fun.
 So I'm enjoying that part of it.
 But when I'll send down like the, the reason why our building this company is because, um,
 yeah, probably three years ago, I had the thought like, we need to create more non-Russell
 based front ends.
 Like if I'm the front end of everything and click funnels, then if I hit my bus, what
 happens to click funnels?
 There's someday we want to sell click funnels.
 Boom, the book fell, the facts book fell.
 If we want to sell click funnels, what happens?
 Right?
 Like there's all these, these things, I don't know the answer, but I just know that if I'm
 the front end of everything click funnels, that's, it's going to be hard.
 So it's like, I need to create more non-Russell based front ends.
 And so when we look at Dan Kennedy, he's got 40 books.
 He's written, he's got newsletters, he's got courses, he's got books, he's got all these
 amazing things.
 I think these are a whole bunch of non-Russell based front ends that can use to get people
 who are marketers who are entrepreneurs into a conversation where now I can expose them
 to click funnels and the mind books and other things like that.
 And so really, um, as much fun and as profitable as this business is, uh, in and of itself,
 without anything else, it's core goal.
 It's core purpose for existing and being is to, um, to find people and either turn them
 into entrepreneurs or find entrepreneurs, bring them in, train them on good marketing
 principles.
 And then from there, send them into click funnels.
 Um, and that's really the end all be all right.
 Like, there's much fun as having this company.
 If it wasn't for that purpose, it doesn't make a lot of sense.
 Now, some of the virtual real estate properties like Zoom and Juice, the oddball brought
 there, they're not front ends for click funnels necessarily.
 Those are more to feed Russell's ADD and have some fun and just, um, to keep me sharp
 in the game.
 Um, all those are going to be businesses and eventually get sold off, right?
 Um, something like this.
 Again, the marketing secrets, Russell brand, the magnetic marketing, the dancunity brand,
 these are things that I want to keep for forever.
 Like, um, because I'm so passionate about these as, as businesses as front ends and things
 like that.
 So, um, I think those are the core things I want to talk about right now inside of the
 dancunity business.
 So that's some of the reasons why we did it, how we're doing it, where it came from, where
 it's going, what we're doing.
 Um, and, uh, hopefully from that, you got insights of how you can use some of these principles
 in your business, how to get people to, to sign up for your newsletters or your membership
 sites or whatever, how to get them to stick, how to get them to send.
 Um, and then after that, like where you take people, what's the process?
 Uh, I hope this gives you some ideas for that.
 So that's the thing she has so much for listening.
 Um, if you've enjoyed this episode of the podcast, uh, please share it on the people,
 share it with people on your team, share it with the spouse, share it with, uh, in your
 favorite marketing group on Facebook or, uh, text it out to your text list or whatever.
 Let people know about if you're enjoying it.
 That's how we get the word out.
 Um, I will keep sharing behind the scenes of all these fun things.
 If you guys do that, if you want to see actual physical behind the scenes, screenshots,
 everything, make sure you get, uh, subscribed to newsletter because, uh, twice or once
 a month you get the behind the scenes newsletter where I'm showing screenshots of page, every
 single page, I think month two, I showed the Mifty and I went through detailed stats.
 Here's page one, page two, what I converted at, like what the conversion numbers like,
 like I'm showing it as all like behind the scenes of all this kind of stuff.
 All in the behind the scenes newsletter, you get that for free when you join the no BS
 newsletter.
 So if you got a no BS newsletter.com or no BS letter.com.
 Sorry, no BS letter.com.
 You would subscribe there.
 And then the last thing, if you have any questions about this episode about Dan Kennedy about
 the newsletter about this business, please go to marketing seekers.com and there's a spot
 that where you can go and you can leave me a personal message.
 Uh, when I do the next update on the Dan Kennedy business, I will listen to the ones you
 guys posting about that and I can answer your question live.
 Um, or if you have another marketing question, go to marketing seekers.com and let me know.
 On top of that, if you want to watch the video version of this podcast, uh, and give the
 show notes, uh, transcripts, all that kind of stuff there also at marketing seekers.com.
 Just look for the Dan Kennedy no BS episode number one, uh, you'll find all that stuff
 there as well.
 And I just said, thank you guys so much for listening.
 I appreciate you.
 Hope you enjoyed this episode and I'll see you on the next episode on the marketing seekers
 show.
 (gentle music)
