 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome to the marketing seekers podcast.
 It's a Saturday. I just got in working out.
 And while I was working out of thinking about something, it's kind of crazy.
 I have two friends that have a very similar product.
 One of them is very proud because they made $2 million for this product, which is amazing.
 Like, two comic book winner? Yes, let's do it.
 The other friend did $40 million this year.
 And right now we are trying to acquire this company. And what is the difference?
 That's what we'll talk about here on today's episode.
 So, the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital
 for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services
 and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright, so I kind of set this up in the intro, but it's crazy.
 Two people have the exact same product. One, $2 million in sales, which is very amazing.
 One, $40 million in sales. So, what is the difference?
 Both the products are the same. I'm not going to give you guys too much detail because
 you're my funnel hacker. You should go and find him and search him out. Look at the funnel. Look at all the things.
 So, I don't want to give you the answer, but I do want to give you the question
 that's hopefully going to get the wheels in your head spinning.
 What's the difference sometimes between a product that is $2 million in product that is $4 million?
 Both are good, but if you're going to be doing the work anyway, you might as well have the one that does $40 million.
 That's a $40 million. And so, it's interesting because
 now, so if you saw both the pages, both the funnels, both things, you're like,
 "Oh yeah, it's the same product." They're probably doing similar things.
 In fact, my friend, who's probably did $2 million, has been doing this game longer than I have.
 He understands business and understands everything. He's, you know, it's not like he's a rookie mistake.
 It was just a little different strategy. That's it.
 The strategy he executed the product on was different.
 And what's crazy is that the $2 million friend does not know that my $40 million friend is thinking $40 million
 for the same product. They probably think they're on par.
 They're doing similar, but it's crazy. And all it was was a different strategy.
 Yeah. And so, I mean, that's why, if you think about it,
 I spend so much time trying to get you guys thinking differently, right?
 Not so much like, "Here's the answer." Because then it's like, "Here's the tactic. Go copy it."
 Right? That's not, and I could do that, I could be like, "Let me show you guys the funnel that did $40 million."
 And it's cool. And you say, "Here's the tactics." But then you be like, "Well, I don't know how to make that work for myself."
 I remember one time, hence his pre-click funnels, I had a chance to interview my first mentors.
 And he marked "Joiner." And in the interview, I was kind of asking, you know, I was asking some questions
 and I asked him, I was like, "You know, what advice would you give someone like me?"
 And this is a game before ClickFunnels. He said, "The biggest thing is right now you are very good at the tactics."
 Right? You're very good. Like, "Here's the thing. I'm gonna do the thing and kind of do it."
 Right? He said, "But what you're not as good at yet is you're not as good at understanding the overarching strategy."
 And he's like, "The difference between you, where you are now, where you want to be is you have to become a better strategic..."
 "strategic..." Anyway, more strategic of a thinker. However, he said that I think he used a big word that I can't remember,
 but conceptually, he doesn't understand it. And first of all, I understand like, "What does he mean by that?"
 Like, I don't get it. Like, I'm confused, right? But if I look at these two businesses I'm talking about right now,
 one of them is very tactical. Like, boom, did the thing, great video, great sales copy, upsell, downsell, the whole flow is in place.
 Other person, same things, but strategy was a little bit different. The way he sold this product was different.
 And it wasn't a big shift. It wasn't a big change. It was just thinking strategically differently.
 And so that's what I want to help you guys with today. You know, I talk, obviously, inside of our community a lot about funnel hacking and looking at things and modeling.
 But sometimes it's more than that. Sometimes it's more than just looking at something and modeling the process.
 It's looking at what a lot of people are doing. A lot of people in different industries.
 One of the mentors I learned from initially a lot was a guy named Jay Bram, somebody that I've heard of Jay.
 And what he was really, really good at was he was really good at not just looking at his industry and saying, "Oh, I'm selling insurance.
 How are other people selling insurance doing it?" He'd say, "I'm selling insurance. How are people who are building houses doing this?
 How are people who are dentists doing this?" Right? And he would look at different industries.
 I remember when I was first learning from him about the same time that Mark Joiner asked me my tactic versus strategy question.
 I was listening to a lot of Jay Bram stuff at the time. And I noticed that he'd be like, "Hey, I had a client that was in this industry over here.
 And I didn't know how to help him, but I saw a guy in his other industry doing this.
 And so I brought that over and modeled it. And boom, we blew the company.
 And I think for me a lot of that started happening. In fact, it's one of the reasons why I feel like I'm a good coach nowadays because so many people,
 in my market, in how to start an online business market, they're really good at starting businesses in the how to make money on the internet market.
 So that's what they teach. Whereas my passion and my focus for the last decade has been like, how are all businesses use this stuff?
 I respect every business that's different. There's tweaks and there's changes. But I look at so many of them.
 So because of that, because I have a chance to look at businesses all over the place, a lot of times they're on applying strategies.
 It's not just like, "Oh, here's what everyone's doing. Here's what's working." It's like, "Okay, nobody's seeing this, but in this market over here, somebody is doing that thing."
 Like, "Here's the tweak. Here's the change. Here's the idea."
 So my friend, who has the $40 million business versus my friend with the $2 million business, it was just a strategy change.
 My friend doing $2 million is doing what everybody else is doing. My friend doing $40 million just saw a different way.
 He's like, "Hey, everyone else is priced in this way. I'm not structuring their funnel this way.
 What if I made this little tiny tweak? What if I made this little shift?" And it's just a positioning shift.
 Literally, it's just shifting the positioning and the pricing strategy just a little bit.
 And from the same amount of effort now, one of them, $2 million, one of them, $40 million.
 So I want you guys thinking about keeping your eyes open. This is the time to start developing your thinking muscles.
 Because you're looking at what other people are doing. How are people selling things online? How do they sell them offline?
 What are the TV cats? What do you think when you're listening to Spotify? What do the ad say? What do the landing page look like?
 Keeping your eyes open for a bunch of stuff even if it's not something that's in your market.
 Because that's because a lot of times these big strategic ahas are going to come from.
 My friend doing $40 million didn't get that from the market he's selling his product in because nobody's doing it.
 I don't know exactly where you got it from. It just came up off the top of his head if he saw somebody else doing it.
 But it was just a tiny little strategic decision that now you look at 12 months of effort.
 Both of mine, Facebook ads, both of them driving traffic, both of them in JAVs, both of them doing all this stuff.
 One equals two, one equals four. 40. Sorry.
 So anyway, yeah. Again, my goal is not to give you the answer and give you the tactic,
 but to open your mind up to more strategic thinking like looking different, looking bigger, looking at other places, looking around, looking at other people that are doing not just in the industry.
 And inside of that we're going to start finding some of the big ahas, the big changemakers, the big things that shift these things from $2 million to $40 million, right?
 So it's pretty cool. Anyway, if and when we purchased this company, I'm sure at that point I would share you guys some of the stuff and how it works and stuff like that.
 I just need not add liberty, obviously, to share anything because I'm under NDAs and everything, but it's just fascinating.
 It's really, really cool how a little shift like that can change things.
 So with that said, my job, my goal right now, is thinking the same thing with ClickFunnels where it's a big transition point.
 Something crazy is happening in Funnawakian Lab, I can't tell you about it yet, right? And, well, as I said, you guys are going to die, you see it.
 And so because of that, I have this window to make some strategic changes and differentiate and pricing and homeless things like that.
 And so right now, I'm spending a lot of time thinking about that because I could just shift it and keep doing what we're doing, which is work and it's worked at a high level, right?
 But, is there something different, there's something better, like what are other people doing?
 We literally went and had everybody we could find search for different SaaS platforms and companies and every industry you can dream of.
 We ended up with a trailer board with, like, I don't know, 200 or 300 different SaaS products, right?
 SaaS stands for Software as a Service, which is what ClickFunnels is.
 And so we've gone through and seen all those and now we're signing up, looking at the prices, looking at thousands and thousands and thousands of these things.
 I had a chance to go see Tony Robbins about a month ago and I was asking him, like, "Hey, if you were me and you're at this level and you're at this level, what would you do?"
 He said two things, and he was like, "Proximity is power, get it out, people who've already done what you're trying to do."
 And that was kind of the first thing. And then number two was like modeling, right?
 So it's like, I model people that have done what I've done, but like, who are the people that are bigger, right?
 So for me, I'm looking at Salesforce, I'm looking at Shopify, I'm looking at, who are these companies that are worth billions of dollars, tens of billions of dollars, hundreds of billions of dollars in some cases, you know, Shopify now.
 It's crazy. Like, what are they doing differently? What am I missing? What are the pieces that I understand that they understand?
 Like, how, you know, I think about Shopify, like, like they're a shopping cart platform, they're great. I love them.
 But they're not worth, you know, in my mind, they're not 144 billion, you know, 144 times or whatever worth more than we are, right?
 But they are, right? And why? Because strategically, he's doing things I'm not doing.
 It's like, how do I get proximity to him and people who've worked with him or people that understand?
 Like, if I want to get to that level, I think like the people that level. And so, how do I expand my thought process?
 How do I get myself thinking differently? And it's getting around people think that way. You know, I think a lot of you guys, and this is true for me as well when I got into business, I thought differently.
 And I started getting around these people who have these big visions, and I was like, "Oh my gosh." And by being around them, by having proximity around them, my visions started getting bigger.
 I started thinking bigger, right?
 And then I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And I started thinking about what I wanted to do. And I started thinking about what I wanted to do.
 And so I'm trying to stay a couple of steps ahead and then taking people and point them up to the next level.
 And so for me I'm looking ahead like, "Alright, who's already got some billion dollars? What are they doing differently?"
 "What are the changes? What are the tweaks? What are the mindset? How do I strategically think differently?"
 Because for them it's easy. Like right now, it's funny because for some of you guys, the thought of winning a two-comical board is like this huge thing.
 It was right now like any idea that I had if I was to execute on it, if you didn't hit two-comical club within the first 30 days, I would think I failed.
 But it's just because I know the process. I know the path. It's not confusing or hard or difficult.
 It's just like, "Oh, here's what you do. I'm going to do a million bucks."
 And so it's really a simple process at this point. And my job is to try to first off inspire you.
 I hope you understand that teach you, train you, give the tools, things.
 But it took me two decades to master all the principles so I can do that really easily. But now it's easy.
 So everyone who wants to get two-comical, in their business, I can help you because I've gone that path.
 And so for me, I want to get around the thinkers who have hit a billion dollars.
 That's like simple, right? I was talking to someone whose friends was a dude who has sold like seven or eight companies for a billion dollars so far.
 Like seven or eight times. This dude, it's like winning two-comical club awards. He's like, "Oh, another three-comical club."
 Another three-comical club, like, "That dude thinks differently than me. I don't know what he's thinking about, but I want to figure that out.
 I got to get around him. I got to think differently. I got to be strategic, right?"
 And so anyway, these are some of the things I'm working on and hopefully it helps me as well.
 So find the people that are here above you where you want to go. Get around them, surround yourself with them.
 Learn to think like them. I think a lot of times we all have this problem where we think our job is to try to get the people around us to think like us.
 Like, "No, no, no, no, my friends. That's not the goal. My job is not to get the people around me to think like me.
 My role is to find people I aspire to be like and to learn how to think like them. That's the difference."
 It's similar. This is not to get religious, but I think it's funny.
 For me, my beliefs are like, "There's an all-knowing God, right? So it's like, there's a God, right? He's all-knowing, all-powerful."
 And what people try to do is they try to bend the will of God like, "Well, God should believe this, and we should believe this."
 And try to like shift our think. Like, they want God to shift his thinking to match what we believe.
 It's like, "No, no, no, that's not how it works, you guys. The goal is not to try to shift God's thinking to match ours.
 The goal is to figure out what's God think, and then we think like him, right?"
 And I think that sometimes our ego or pride would ever try to shift us the other way around.
 So it's true in that sense, but it's so true also in this business sense, where it's like, find the people who are already what you want to do.
 You aspire to be like, and find out what they think. Think like them. Don't try to bend their will of the years.
 Because if you come to me and you're broke and you're like, "I'm going to teach you Russell how to get into comic club."
 And I'm like, "No, you're dumb. You can get smart. That's the cool thing about it. You can learn these things, but you're wrong right now."
 Because I've done this a million times and it's not that hard. Let me just show you how it is, right?
 And so I think it's humbling ourselves. I can ego out of the way, finding people who level up above us, strategically sinking with them, and then learning like they learn.
 Believe what they think, what they think. And that's the goal. So anyway, there you go. I hope that helps you guys.
 I love this game. I love this business. It's so much fun. So much development. So much growth. So much learning.
 But only if you're willing to change. So be open to it. It's worth it.
 As smart as you are and I am and we all are, there's always somebody who knows more than us.
 And it's cool and exciting to be open to that. And to go search for it and learn from them and try to get to the next level.
 So that said, have an amazing weekend, you guys. Wherever you are in the world. I appreciate you. I see you.
 I know you're working hard. You're trying to create your dreams. You're trying to create your dream lifestyle.
 You're trying to help other people. I see you. I respect you. I'm grateful for you guys doing that.
 And if you don't ever take a shit to funnel hacking live, what are you waiting for? The party is starting.
 I'm paying, I think we're $2 million, $2 million. I don't know. It's expensive event to put it on.
 So I'm putting out a huge party for you guys. I'm spending millions of dollars to entertain and educate you.
 You should just be there. Don't miss it. Go to funnelhackinglive.com and get your takes now.
 That said, appreciate you all. And I'll talk to you all again soon. Bye, everybody.
 Hey everybody. This is Russell again. And really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions. And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text me a message.
 Okay? Now the phone over in your text is 208-231-379-7.
 Once again, it's 208-231-379-7. When you text me, just say hello. And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone.
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone. And then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag, giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list. On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks and things.
 You can get it for free only through my texting platform. So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-379-797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 right now.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
