 Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today. We got another Q&A for you
 And this is one I need to set this up a little bit so you guys can understand it
 But during the econ versus experts Smackdown Allison gave an amazing presentation where she showed some of the things she sells ecomers products
 Right and one of them were wood blocks and she's like who we would buy wood blocks and nobody ever is like the wood blocks
 Why would I buy it and then she showed she's like I didn't sell wood blocks like I sold divisional these wood blocks can become and she showed pictures of like
 The kids faces painted or glued on these wood blocks and put on the mantle and what they look like and how it works
 And then she sold I don't like a bajillion dollars with these wood blocks, right?
 And then she showed example, for example, here's these french fry holders where you hold french fries in it
 She's like that's the product no one wants that so I have to create the vision
 So she creates a vision where it's like here's the french fry cover and you design it and you put your pencils in it and your notebooks
 And you know anyway and sells the vision on it
 And I guess something that most of us as creators entrepreneurs business owners do is that we we think we're in the business
 of selling a product and we're not we're in the business of selling a vision
 Behind the product that's what gets people to buy
 It's interesting is if you study copywriting and things like that they talk about these things, but
 Typically most copywriters. I don't know. I think the way Allison described it and showed it was really really powerful
 And you don't think about as copy your copywriting
 But it's just like they stop selling the product and start selling the vision of what the product can do and how it
 Serbs you and things like that. So anyway, we talked about it and then someone came on and asked a question about their product
 Their product is interesting when they shared it they talked about the the product and the vision
 It was really cool
 But then look at the marketing and the marketing had defaulted back to the product and I think a lot of you guys do that
 And so I wanted to you guys listen on this Q&A because
 It's something that my guess is for any of you guys who are struggling like no one's buying my stuff
 You could literally like plug in yourself into this conversation and then ask yourself same questions like what am I doing?
 It's just my product is the vision. What does that look like and so it?
 Hope this helps because for most of you guys if you were to have Allison consults you
 I bet you 50 bucks that this is what you would do with your business
 So please take this as a private personal consultation from her and for me
 About shifting you from selling your product to selling the vision of what can happen because of the product
 So that said we're cute on the theme song we come back
 You have chance listening to the next question from the econ versus expert smack down
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, we are back to our VIP room and we've got Andrea Lister is there's our next question and
 She says what is your best advice for somebody like me who is trying to teach parents the importance of cooking for our kids
 And to bring back the value of cooking at home. I am selling an ebook with an order bump as my first product thinks
 very cool
 So the question is how do we was that how to bring it back to the parents?
 What advice you have she's cooking she so she's trying to teach parents the importance of cooking for our kids and bring back the value of cooking at home
 She's selling ebook
 With an order bump. So I guess it may be talking about
 Yeah, well Andrea is on here. Andrea. Do you want to meet?
 Wait, I think I got it though. Okay, I think I got it
 Okay, so I hear you selling the product again
 Like most of the time when people come to me and they tell me what they're selling like this product this product what I see the vision of is
 I've got teenagers and they're running around a million miles a minute and we get to the end of the day and we say family
 Pranam like I
 What did you do today?
 And I'm missing the opportunity and what if you were able to talk about the the pain of not being around your teenagers enough, right?
 They're off they're going but you have this beautiful time at night to connect where you are
 Teaching and you're talking in the smells that they're going to remember into adulthood
 help them through just really dive into the memories of
 the family and so I think if
 And am I getting this is this the question you had am I answering it correctly? Actually, actually that's exactly what I do
 Okay, because that's funny because I have four kids
 Two girls 14 years and two years old and I have two boys 10 years old and I grow up with that
 With memories in the kitchen with my mom with my grandmothers and that's the way because that is my
 Fashion my love, you know thinking I want the people grow the same way
 When I was little
 Thinking oh, I can wait for me at home and be with my mom and my family and cooking together
 And that is exactly what I want for the parents for the most most that's my niche right now
 But it's been really hard because all my people is Latin moms
 They only speak Spanish right now
 And I don't know it's because I already built my click panel isn't it Spanish
 Converting is really hard the conversion. I don't know it's because click panelists knew for them and
 They don't know they open it. I I've been doing life and Instagram. I gave a lot me
 You can go to my Instagram account right now. I have a lot of followers
 But all the time I give I give and in my videos. I always say that
 You can at home from the kids is
 Act of love make great memories. Okay, I love it
 So you actually just told us what the problem is the problems the hooks off right if you've got all these people
 Watching you and all these people doing this thing the hooks off
 Do you want to brainstorm some hooks? Yeah, because it sounds like you've got a community
 You're talking to them, but
 You're not pulling in the emotion. You're not pulling Russell was talking about the challenges
 Maybe start with a challenge and you give them like the secret number one, right?
 And then you show them how to do it and you're like, but wait you need this part this part this part join me
 And we'll do it so I wonder if it's
 Like from what you're talking about it sounds like it's the hook and yeah offer like when you're when you're teaching it
 How do you sell right now? Is it a video sells letters a written sells letter? How what's the process right now?
 Yeah, my process is exactly my backup secrets like do the video I have a video doing exactly
 I say in the end action take action go this I give in a lot of things for free bonuses
 in my ebook you can click and to
 Recipes actually it goes a straight to a step by step video. I give
 like a
 Recommendations before you start cooking I'm a professional chef as well
 So I know a lot how you can do the cooking at home easier
 you know because I can teach people how follow easier and
 They love the idea they but I can see in my Facebook ads
 That they go but so far I only have like 10
 People buying my my book without the other one
 So I don't know when I'm doing wrong. So for that I'm hearing
 You guys can help me with that. What's the like what would if you translate the headline? What's the headline on the page say?
 Okay
 She's pulling it up. I remember how you talk about Maslow's like what if
 Well, I guess we'll have to see it, but maybe it's not the pain. Maybe she's on an improvement offer
 We're having this dialogue
 Actually, I was trying to do a link magnet to but I was trying to make us easy
 For them, you know like they just go straight and combine my ebook and so it's like a discover
 How you prepare because it's breakfast in my ebook my first one is all about breakfast that is I have breakfast
 I have
 side dishes I have
 Extra information how you make the perfect omelet. It's really I'm so proud of my program now
 And it's how discover how you prepare
 Delicious simple breakfast for your family even if you have zero experience and the kitchen boom that's wrong
 Yeah, so so what you just yeah
 What you just did see we talked about the vision ahead of time of like this amazing vision of cooking with your family cooking your kids
 You just taught me how to cook breakfast. That's what the hook was
 Okay, right and especially if you got people who like cooking they probably in their head like they know
 They in their mind they know how to cook it says like what they're coming to you or you want them to come to you for is about creating this experience, right?
 So like the messaging I always have instead of like racing your kids out the door
 Giving them both cereal imagine like having this window in the morning where you can actually sit down have conversation build this food with them
 They can eat healthier
 But also connect with them before they're like taken out into the day and send them to school where all the you know
 The chaos of the world's happening and the storms are being down upon you
 Give this moment to like connect with them to strengthen them and then send them on their way like that would be
 More the the hook that I think is gonna get because like learning how to make breakfast
 Especially if someone who thinks they know how to cook is gonna be hard like a difficult sell
 Right like you my wife would see that she'll make all I know how to make breakfast like cook eggs every day like that's it's not the how to make breakfast
 It's it's how to reconnect to your kids, right?
 You said you said in your lives and stuff, but that's gonna be the message of the product like this is like you know
 Allison did the product and the vision like you like you're selling you're talking about the vision here
 But you're coming back and the cells there's going back to product the cells there's got to be the vision
 Here's the here's the whole thing is I think you can even pull in to like you only have a limited time with your children
 What are the only have so many Saturdays that you get to spend with your children and then they leave the house
 I heard another thing where 90% of their life your face-to-face
 Then they when they move out of the house you only get 5% and the rest of the 5%
 That you get to see them face-to-face to that makes sense a percent yet
 Stats having that in there at the very beginning of like when people understand like oh my gosh
 That's right now my twin boys are sophomores. I'm like I have two more summers with them and then they're gone
 And that gives me fear and scared and like even you're saying now
 It's like man
 I should be cooking dinners with my kids like we should be doing more that like they got my my wheels my head spinning as you were saying
 That's the messaging that's gonna get people to spend more money
 It's it shifts it for me in a commodity of how to make breakfast to here's this unique opportunity
 You have of like reconnection with your kids and the vehicle happens to be through through food
 Which is amazing because a lot of people don't know how to cook or they don't want to like that's right. Okay. Cool
 But I don't know how to cook and like oh cool. You got a cookbook
 That's gonna make it and me actually be able to do it, but it's the it's the bigger
 It's the vision which I love he turned into a funnel by the way. I was freaking out backstage
 The alligator mouth. Yeah
 You said you said you talk about things on like you say Instagram or Facebook. I've already where do you share that message traditionally?
 Instagram I have a big follower and Instagram 56,000 people and then help then you drive those people to the book too. I
 been tried to but
 It's not really I
 Don't know they they love they have actions, but when it's time to buy I don't know
 it's
 If they're you know an Instagram is hard because you can
 Send people a straight to you to click found you have to tell him go to my video
 Please and to click here and I don't know if this is one of the problems
 I just did a life two three days ago and I cook
 super easy recipe from my book and
 telling people just thought this I showed them in my
 My iPad how you do it and how easy and
 It's still
 Still hard so you're talking about the easy right it's so easy. It's so easy. You got to go back to
 Easy isn't this the vision you got to go to
 Talk to your kids today. How did today go was it kind of rushed? You know you've only got two more summers with them
 Let's treasure these moments. So I think you do and this is something that you got to practice over and over and over again
 Right. So maybe before you start you write down the true vision not the product the the pain of missing out on your children
 The pain of not connecting the pain of walk having your kids walk out and the storms of the world are coming down
 and
 Then like that's what you lead with because it sounds like you're starting and then you go back to the product
 And I think it's just you practicing that because you have it. I think you just go back
 Yeah, just go back to the product each time
 Now try to figure out a way because if you're doing Instagram live talking about that like Instagram is a weird platform because it's hard to get people from Instagram
 To something especially like straight to sales pitch like we struggled with that as well
 And so it's like there's gonna be some in between her that gets them excited
 So like traditionally what we do a lot of times Instagram is where I'm pushing some kind of like free lead back something where it's like
 Just getting them on email because email is a much better platform to sell
 I mean we're now I've been this business 20 years now
 We've tried every platform every single thing and still to this day like this ventilum like we spent a lot of money on Facebook
 Instagram ads but 90% ticket sales came from email
 So like when all of a sudden down like email is still the best selling platform that we have on this planet
 And so I've been thinking about Instagram is like Instagram is a way to like grab some attention hook them
 But when you're on Instagram typically you're scrolling through things. It's like it's a faster mindset
 I'm not I'm not going deep on Instagram, right?
 So I got like what's a quick thing like you should do your you're like get this one page guy
 They go get your email address like just even it's like this recipe or this guy or something but get them off Instagram
 To go put email address and to get that thing because most just the actual selling actual money for most of us
 Is actually made an email not through the social platforms
 So looking at your 56,000 Instagram followers like how do I get 56,000 of them to come to page give me the email address?
 Maybe it's just maybe I only get you know a thousand of those thousand people that I get are gonna be the actual buyers
 It's like how do I like what do you create?
 So every day as you're showing a recipe or showing a thing or whatever
 She's like oh go get this recipe like go you know
 Click link my bio or whatever go get that and go get it and they often you get the recipe and now the selling happens off platform
 You know I mean and so that'd be kind of my recommendation
 I have
 730 people with my email list cool
 How often do you know them?
 but I didn't I deal with the link magnet with the air fryer and
 and I'm because I I was sick for a while and
 I was I'm trying to get engaged again with my email people. So what I do right now is
 Trying to do the call
 Selling pain right now, but but my goal is to start selling my email as well
 How does that really good idea? How often do you email your list?
 For how long how often do you email them?
 Well, yes, I start only two weeks ago twice for a week. Okay. Yeah, I'd say I
 Think a minimum of like at least three three times a week is like a minimum email. Yes
 Otherwise, they forget you are really really quickly and it can be just
 It can be selling it can be sharing it can be showing like here's a cool YouTube video
 I posted here like just whatever to get stuff
 But but if you look at it from that standpoint like most of my cells actually gonna happen through email
 It's like you got to make sure you're contacting your communicative and they keeping things just consistent
 I had this fear one time brown is actually here for part of this way back a decade and a half ago where I was working on a
 Project like I'm not gonna email my list because I want them to be ready to buy from you when the project's done and the
 Project went from like a month to two months like six months and so six months later on my okay
 I haven't bugged these guys in six months. They're gonna be so excited and I emailed list to go by my new thing
 and it was crickets no room remember who I was and
 I and the list was dead and I was like oh my gosh
 This is something I had to figure out so I had to come back and then start building list over
 And then the second time is like I got to keep email consistently like a minimum of three times
 We can probably more just keep that consistency
 Because I'd rather people opting out and leaving because I annoying them too much than people who don't know who you are
 And so it's being really consistent as number one the number two is understanding that they're like that is the fuel of your blood is the lifeline
 This is for everybody by the way. I'm speaking to everybody
 like
 If you look at like what is the KPI so key performance indicator that I focus on is like how many people join my list today?
 I've got to be something that's always top my mind and that drives and fuels everything else in the business right because if it's like
 Okay, how many people join today? I'm like, oh, I only got two people join today. It's like, okay
 Well, I knew something this is gonna be people join I use some on Facebook is people journey
 But like it gets me in the mindset of like I gotta do something to people to join and the people that are joining
 That's like the lifeblood of your business if you don't have
 Like people coming in eventually your business atrophies and dies
 I've seen some people who come into our world
 They build an email list they start selling stuff and they stop doing the thing that built email list because I have a list
 They keep selling stuff and making money and their business starts atrophying and atrophying ends of dying and kind of
 Like I don't understand like I'm not making any money. I'm looking at the whole thing like your funnel works
 Everything works. I'm like, oh you stopped getting new people in like that's that's the problem
 So you got 750 people now so my next metric I'd start looking for views like how many per day can I get from Instagram onto my
 My list maybe it's 10 a day. Maybe it's 20 day
 But making that the goal that can be making the lead me and they make something cool
 And they make a new video
 But you're trying to like to harvest the people from here getting on the email list and just focusing on that and making that thing every
 Morning you wake up like how many people join the list yesterday and that becomes the key metric in your in your business
 Like that'll it'll transform everything else
 And then just so you know, I don't know if you know this but I have a whole bunch of email templates and the two CCX program
 I took some of my top converting headlines
 Some of the copy because sometimes you go and you sit down and this is what we're talking about power hours to help you stay consistent
 You just don't write an email the day and then send it and then the next day like you sit down in your right emails for an entire
 Month because then that tells you can tell an entire story behind it and you get it done and sometimes you sit down
 You look at the blank screen. You're like, I don't know what they're right
 We're just gonna help you with that and then just to reinforce what Russell said
 I always call my email list my ATM. It's like my personal ATM and
 Instagram Facebook
 We don't know when the algorithm is gonna well. We do know when the algorithm is gonna change like every day, right?
 And email it really hasn't changed over the years and so I feel like
 Email keeps my sanity
 Over here and I know that email and we can create this very intimate relationship because
 emails people go to shop, right? They click on the links and then they go shop Instagram. They're there to look at pictures
 And yes, some people do great on Instagram
 But what if Instagram changes their algorithm? What if Instagram shuts your account down and we will be
 Yelling at you all the time build your email list build your email list because it's so crucial to your business
 In fact, we like practical application this week. We know this is we had in 20,000 you guys joined the Facebook group
 I did the very first live in the Facebook group talk to everyone 13 people showed up
 Zuckerberg only showed it of the 20,000 new people had joined in seven days only 13 people saw me go live and now
 She had 33 so it doubled for her, right?
 So we're freaking like no one's gonna come this live in so guess what we did the day of the event
 What did you guys get you got emails pushing you to come to the thing to be live right like email was the thing that like saved us
 We almost were like okay
 Well, we should just fly back to Puerto Rico and got your two players should be good right like so
 It's like you never know what's gonna happen traffic secrets the whole premise of that book is we have to convert all the
 Traffic and traffic that we own and email list is the traffic that you own so 56,000 people Instagram is awesome
 You're renting that you're borrowing that how do we get those people off give into your world
 And I start communicating with them and things like that
 And then I say coming back to yourselves with the letter and just changing the messaging from how to cook breakfast to
 I'd have this experience and like in my vision
 I'd have the headline like how to have this amazing experience to your kids and then the stats you talked about like did you know that?
 You know your kids are only home bubble bubble like the four five like the fear base stats like oh my gosh
 It's like we're gonna help you to make those
 3600 hours whatever like like life-changing for them and for you or whatever and then then you go into the sales letter
 Like we do that by here's this book and the print
 You know but like the initial vision is that is capturing them where they're feeling because again
 I'll spend ten bucks on a cooking book
 But I'll spend ten thousand dollars on a way to have better experience with my kids
 And so that's just changing the perceived value by how you do the messaging up front. Hey, Philon that answer your question
 Yes, actually big help
 Thank you so much because I was feeling a stock and you know even work is so hard
 Building my own clickfunnels learning about everything thank thank you for the guys that the tech
 Support and clickfunnels because you guys are amazing. Thank you so much
 So great to meet you good luck in the future. Hope and we're cheering for you over here. Yeah, we want to see updates, please
 So good so good and just wait before you get out
 Will you pull a slap the stack back on in that ignite session right there?
 We really dive into the importance of email. Why you need to do it? How you need to hook it up?
 I know that some people just have like a lame
 Sign up box on their website the only people that sign up there. It's like your mom, right? And so there's ways to be able to
 And entice people to get your email or to get their email because it
 emails just consistent and you need that in your business and then I've gone on to sell a business and
 The business actually sold for more we were able to get more because our email list was so big and it was converting
 Really really well. So I think long term too, but we really talk about that in the ignite
 Section of just how to do that how to build that strong email list and and have that consistency
 Over and over and over again because we don't want you to build it and then go
 I don't know
 But learn how to tell your story and what stories you should tell and and the the order of it so you don't feel super pushy
 But you're not giving away the farm. So we really dive into that. So cool. That was fun
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at
 No BS letter calm not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one for me to give this gift
 And your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
