 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today. We are taking some questions
 From some of our listeners. I'm excited for so today. We're gonna be talking the question
 We're gonna talk about today is is it possible for multiple entrepreneurs to work effectively on a project or within a business?
 Or is it better to have one entrepreneur or leader and build the team of talented people to execute on their vision?
 So I got some examples with this. I'll share it when we get back from the theme song
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain
 profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so the more times the longer you do podcasts the harder is to come up with new ideas
 So we started asking our audience and you guys like what kind of things would you like to hear about like what questions do you have?
 We've got a ton of them back. So I'll start sprinkling
 These in more often and some of the stories behind them and hopefully it'll help you guys on your journey
 I also feel like I'm getting close to
 Really upgrading the marketing secrets experience has some ideas and things I want to do and create that I'm pumped for and so
 Anyway, those things will be coming soon. So as a faithful listener
 You will be on the front lines of some amazing amazing cool things. So all right. So the question let me restate it
 so and
 And this is kind of in context to a lot of you guys saw the project we do at Mastermind.com right and so Mastermind.com
 obviously was me Dean and Tony initially and
 And obviously Tony use his face in his content everything
 but it was really me and Dean Dean grassy. You'll see who are running that business initially and
 And then if you notice now the new launch is coming up
 You'll probably notice my face isn't on it. And so a lot of people when I say what happened
 Did you get a fight with those guys are you still working on it?
 You're not part of like what's what's the whole process?
 How's it all working?
 And then the question that kind of came tied to that is is it possible for multiple entrepreneurs to work effectively on a project or
 Within a business or is it better to have one entrepreneur leader and build a team of talented people to execute their vision?
 There's a couple of follow-up questions on that as well
 But I'll kind of dress that first and it's funny because I see that a lot of times when I was running my inner circle meetings
 Which I'm thinking about bringing back which you guys be interested if I brought back my inner circle
 Anyway, I'll post that there and just leave it for a few minutes, but
 Anyway, I noticed a lot of times where these entrepreneurs would come to group and everyone who's an entrepreneur
 Unfortunately or fortunately depending on how you look at it. They all have a million ideas and their ideas are all amazing
 And so they all come in there and everyone's got these ideas and everyone's kind of doing things and also like two people have an idea
 During a meeting like we should start a business together and they get together and unfortunately
 It rarely ever goes well. Sometimes it does everyone's smile does go really really well, but
 So many times it starts where you have two idea people they get in a room
 They have that idea together they birth this thing and like we should do it together
 But then they start working on executing on it depending on where their skill set lie
 Either goes really really well or really really bad or some you know somewhere in between there and
 And that honestly is kind of what happened with mastermind.com if you look at Dean Gracio C and me
 I love Dean. He's one of my favorite people. I've met
 Since I've been on this planet. I have so much love and respect for him and his family and what he does and his mission and his vision and like
 It's amazing. In fact, I think one of the reasons why I have so much respect for Dean is I think of all the people in this industry
 I think
 Me and him have the most similar skill sets, which is which is interesting right like Dean writes books
 I write books right Dean
 Builds funnels. I build funnels Dean right creates content. I create content courses, right Dean runs a master running group
 I run a mastermind group Dean
 You know speaks at stages and closes deals and stages. I speak on stage Dean ran a big call center
 I ran a big call center Dean
 You know like if you look at like like I don't know I know I know people who write books
 I know people who build funnels I know people who who build courses that are people who run companies
 I know people who like all these different skill sets
 But there's only one other person
 I know besides me who's who kind of does it all and so I think that's why Dean and I have such such a good connection
 It's just like we both see each other like man. Nobody else out here is running it the size business you are and
 you know creating the ads and writing the copy and
 writing the book and you know all kind of things so I have so much respect for him
 And so that's why I think a lot of times we love working together like we
 Part right we have ideas and we bounce ideas off each other when we brainstorm and it's just it's fun to have someone like an
 kind of pitching catch with back and forth and I just love I love it
 So that's why when the whole master mind thinking about Dean had this idea for master mind calm and well
 He had a different name for and I was like you should buy a master mind calm and
 And he didn't want to pay for us. I bought it and gave to him as a gift and then
 In exchange he basically gave me some equity in companies the kid you can be part of this thing would be really really cool
 So over last two years I've kind of been different stages and involved with master mind calm with the first launch of the KVB course
 I was a partner in that and then
 and then later we built software together master that's actually at master mind calm and and
 Did a whole launch together and just it's fun
 But the the and this is kind of what I wanted to share here is the difficulties is the Dean and I have literally the exact same skill set and
 But just go to the same skill set like the direction or the vision of where we want things
 Isn't always a hundred percent in alignment and it's tough because both of us have had tons of success like saying
 This is my my vision my plan. Let's go and it's it's tough when you have someone who you come in you both have kind of different
 Different visions a little bit but same like drive and say motivation same skill sets
 It get you know, there are times where it was kind of hard for both of us
 Well, I was like, I want to go this way. I'm like well, I think I'm right
 I think I'm right I'm like but like I'm not used to somebody trumping me and he's the same way
 It's like what do we do and it just it got a point where
 It was never negative
 It was just like it was hard like someone needed to carry on the vision someone needed to be able to run someone needed to be able to
 Do it without the checks and balances of the other person
 And so eventually because you know, it's his baby and his his thing and and we're working on something really big click phones
 I was like, you know what?
 You know the initial launch was done. It was fun. We had a great experience. We made a lot of money
 We helped a lot of people it was really it was a great everything was great
 I was just like this is this is your vision. This is your baby and so I kind of passed it back
 So look I'm gonna give back to you and in exchange. He actually sent us some really cool gifts
 He sent Todd an amazing gift for Todd's wife actually him his wife
 And then he sent me a really cool gift as well
 Which if you ever see me on stage if I'm like like wearing a blue amazing watch that was the gift he sent me and
 Anyway, it was it ended it was great
 And we're still super close friends and still doing deals together and everything
 But I think you know what we learned from that experience is just like look if two people the same skill set
 It's hard to be business partners in a thing because because you both have same skill set
 Now I want to contrast that with Todd like when I start working with Todd Todd is amazing Todd's an entrepreneur Todd's got vision
 Todd's got all sorts of things but Todd's
 skill set and if you don't know Todd Todd Dickerson is my co-founder and click funnels
 He's one who you know runs the software side of things
 We both are entrepreneurs in our own in our own ways, but our skill sets
 They don't they aren't the same they complement. They don't they don't they're not the same thing, right?
 It's like in basketball like you don't need to Michael Jordan's on a basketball team
 Right if you have two Michael Jordan's a basketball team, it's it's gonna struggle
 You know Michael Jordan and Scotty Pippin, right and somebody's not a big basketball guy. I think I think I nailed that analogy
 I hope but you know, I mean so you'll get me and Todd
 Like Todd and I are like a Michael Jordan Scotty Pippin like you know in fact
 I want I don't know if he has a scene the Michael Jordan documentary
 It's called the last dance. It's like I think nine or ten episodes
 It's insanely good if you haven't watched it you need to go watch it
 But one of the first things that Jordan said he said without without Scotty Pippin there's an Michael Jordan
 And I would say same thing without Todd Dickerson. There's no Russell Brunson, right?
 Like I couldn't do what what I need to do without his skill set and Todd would probably say the same thing
 You know Todd can build amazing software, but it wouldn't have been come click funnels without me
 Like like our skill sets complement each other and without Todd. I can't be me without me
 He probably couldn't do what he's trying to do and so it's a it's a complimentary skill set
 And so because of that we would come together and we were able to build this thing called click funnels and Todd
 And I have such love and respect for each other
 It's nice because Todd can say that I default you Russell on these things and I default to Todd on these things in fact
 One of the fascinating things I've been we have a new personality based
 Personality assessment company coming out. We're launching here in the next couple months that so I've been geeking out on that
 But it's interesting if you look at Todd and I
 16 personalities or you know my ribs test we basically the same the exact same personality except for Todd's uh
 Todd's a thinker and I'm a feeler. So it's cool now that we've learned that since I as I interacting with
 With Todd I understand that like we're the same in so many ways, but he's gonna analyze things logically
 I'm gonna feel things out and so I'll tell him in a mess or say he taught this is the thing that I want to do
 This is why I feel like that, but I'm curious
 What do you think about that? I literally will say that way and talking about well
 I think this that it up and he'll come back say how do you feel and so it's really cool now that we understand that and so a lot
 of times what will happen is that my my emotions will feel something I want to be really really strong
 But because it's so strong I want to do it my logic
 This is you know my brain turns off logic and like you know screw logic
 We're just gonna do this where the Todd comes in says well that that's awesome
 But here's the logic and he's able to explain logic and I'm like oh I didn't see that from that that trans is that point or vice
 Aversal sometimes he's like logic. This doesn't make sense. I'm like no this one like I feel it
 I don't know why but I feel this is gonna be the thing and he'll default to me a lot of times
 But it's made for a really good working relationship and so now in that situation
 Yes, we can have multiple entrepreneurs work effectively on a project in the business, but you have to have
 complementary skill sets not the same I think the same makes it very very difficult and so anyway
 That's kind of the thought process and one of the follow-up questions someone said he said this makes me think of Stephen Larson
 And how he worked with Russell but since he was too entrepreneurial
 He had to leave him pursue his own path
 So those are no Stephen Larson
 He worked as my chief funnel builder for two years sitting next to me and Stephen I have very similar skill sets as well
 not the same
 but very similar right funnel building and and speaking and you know
 Things like that and so it was tough because you know inside of inside of the ClickFunnels organization
 It was hard for Stephen to be like
 I wanted this role because like that was my role
 You know and so he was able to do a lot of cool things and work with us and have success
 But there's a point where he was just like inside of this environment. There's already a Michael Jordan
 I can't I can't be the Michael Jordan, right? If there wasn't he could have been this environment and said I'm gonna take that role
 It's stepped up and dominated it but because there's already something playing that role it was hard for him
 So he wanted that role he you know
 He desired that role he he had developed himself
 So he'd be worthy of that role and so he had to go out his own to go and create it and he did and he's been super successful
 Ever since then and so anyway, that's what I want to share with you guys
 I think knowing that it's looking at any kind of partnership and looking at first off
 You know are you gonna get along with that person which you never know well, you know short-term is easy long people long term
 You never know till you get in business with them
 But making sure you have enough love and respect for somebody that if works who doesn't work you're able to work it out
 You know like Dean and I like you know, I love him as much now as I did before
 We never got any big fights arguments, but it's just like we both kind of do I think there's just like hey
 This is your Michael Jordan. We don't need two of us
 Like we're gonna lose the game if we do that
 We need someone who's in charge and I was able to hand the reins to him and he's running with it
 And you'll see what they're doing during the next launch. It's amazing. You know, it's definitely probably different than I would
 But it doesn't matter. It's not there's no right or wrong. It's just you know, who's who's vision you executing on and Dean's vision is amazing
 And I'm you know, and so that's kind of how worked with Todd and I it's a little different
 He's able to execute the vision on his side
 I can execute vision on my side and we have love and respect for each other that we can make it so it all works
 And so thinking about that is you're going into business people a few daughtering partnerships
 Unfortunately, that's one of the negative things I saw in the inner circle one of the reasons why I eventually pause
 It was it's though they're starting to be in drama people starting businesses together not working out and then they're being hard feelings
 And you know, just those are things that always on the cautious of so I'm always very nervous getting into any kind of partnership or relationship
 it's good to work with each other. I think as as
 You know, it's either employee employer for a while or for as project based stuff until you've had a chance to see how they're
 Acting different situations and how you get along with them and stuff like that
 because you know a lot of times if you get into business together doesn't work out it can end a friendship
 Which is the worst thing and you know for me this business is just a game. We're playing to keep ourselves occupied
 and
 You know, it doesn't actually really matter that much so
 Just part of it's a big game we're playing to hopefully learn some skill sets meet new people on the way and and yeah
 So there you go. There's my answer for is it possible for multi entrepreneurs to work effectively together on a project or within a business
 Or to better have one entrepreneur leader and build a team of talented people to execute their vision. So hope that helps
 That said, thank you. Yes all for listening to this podcast if you enjoyed it, please
 Go to iTunes and rate and review it. I've been doing this for
 Six seven eight years now and if you haven't had a chance review, please
 I'm trying to to bring you the things that are help you. I feel like will help you the best in your business
 Hopefully they are
 Go rate and review leave some stars even if you don't love it. Let's know we read those and it will let me know how I can
 How I can better serve you guys in the future. So that's it. Thanks again, and I'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, and the phone over you text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is what I do to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting communities
 I'm gonna be giving out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
