 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast that beat means I need to put my seat
 Build on before I drive away and I am here today to answer the question should you write a book?
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Today something's been my mind is this question I get asked a lot which is should I write a book and
 It's funny because as you guys know I've written three books one of them was New York Times bestseller
 Whoo, so that's pretty exciting, but it's funny because I I never was a writer. I didn't want to be a writer
 I hated writing in school even this day someone asked me two days ago actually said Russell
 Do you like writing books?
 No writing books is horrible. It is most painful process
 of all time
 And so no, I do not like to write books yet. I've written three and
 I'm probably gonna write more and
 People ask like well, why would you do that? I'm like well, it's the most painful process part like of all the things
 I do it's the hardest thing I do but at the same time
 It's also the thing that lives the longest that lives beyond yourself that that lasts
 Especially if you write a book that matters
 I know there's a lot of people who teach how to write a book really fast and I'm not talking about that
 I'm talking about how do you write it like choose to write a book that's gonna be like your legacy like the thing that people are gonna
 remember you by arrive and
 A couple things I remember when I first got started
 Back 18 years ago. I remember going to events where people were selling the dream of like you need to write a book
 So maybe credibility all these things and so I put in my head like I want to write a book
 But I didn't for almost 10 years
 But I remember when I started I was like I'm right a book
 So you call dot-com secrets because I don't know why I just love that name
 A lot of people told me they hated it in fact Jeff Walker's like it's the worst name of a book ever but
 Whatever I still like it. So
 It was right. I decided I'm gonna write a book. I remember there's something cool about just in my head knowing that I'm writing a book
 Even though I hadn't actually written anything. I just was like okay. Well, what's the outline?
 What's the table contents? What's it gonna look like? Which did I write?
 It started brainstorming and but like there's something when I flip the switch like I was writing a book that just became exciting
 I don't know and I remember after I got down. I was like this is so hard on the right book again
 But then when I decided I'm gonna write expert secrets
 There's something magical. I don't know like maybe it's the romance of being an author and writing and I don't know all this stuff
 But there's something magical I was like I'm writing again
 I got in that fun stage and saving traffic secrets like you know the romance and remember
 After each book I was like I'll never write a book again on that read a book again
 but
 About the time that I got done the expert secrets book I was hanging out with Brendan Bouchard
 He's written a ton of books and when he told me
 He's like no, he's like you're an author's like you just writing you write a book every two years
 Like that's just how it works. I just thrust your life. You should do that. I was like huh
 interesting and
 It took me a while. I'm not gonna lie. I'm almost tired to do traffic secrets after that. I was like, all right
 I'm gonna do that. That's gonna be a thing. I'm gonna write a book every
 Every two years for the rest of my life
 And so when traffic secrets got to an end
 I was burned out because it was it was a brutal one plus as you some of you know after
 finishing traffic secrets over back and I rewrote dot-com secrets and a rewrote expert secret
 so that was a season of of
 Too many words and hundreds of thousands of words. I was just like I don't I don't know if I can keep doing like it was hard
 so I haven't written anything
 in
 It's been over a year. Holy cow
 Weird. Yeah, cuz basically 2020 happened
 We blinked in 2020 happened and now we're back in our analysis in February 2021 and
 I haven't written anything so it's been over a year. It was just kind of crazy
 Anyway, I tell you this because
 I know what my next book what I want to be right and I've told you is on this podcast
 It's called bootstrapping is going to click for a story and I'm excited the problem is like I also know to write that book
 It's gonna be big and overwhelming and there's a lot that goes into it
 And while I've kind of starting the process of it
 I just know it's it's like a probably a two to three year
 Project if I'm honest with myself because I have to learn how to write a different style. It's not how to book
 It's like a it's like a story book
 And I want to like sync it to the hero with a thousand faces and like all the story who arcs and I got interviewed a thousand
 People I want to get everybody's perspective. I don't want to tell the story from my perspective won't tell from everybody's perspective and
 And so that's one that's big plus I don't have an ending in the story
 Yeah, like what's the ending in the story like and then we were happy like no
 It's got to be awesome like and then we went public or then we
 You know whatever like something cool
 So I'm still waiting for the ending of the story
 So it's hard to write the beginning of you know the ending and I'm hoping them. I'm hoping the book's not gonna be a tragedy
 I don't think it will be but you never know right so it's like I just haven't I don't know like I
 Don't have the full picture so I can't write that one yet. Although I do know that that is
 Like my legacy project right I like telling the click funnel story and how we did it all kind of stuff
 So I sit back and that I I know that I have a lot of friends have written personal development books
 I've never wanted to do personal development book, but
 there's something that
 for almost probably nine or ten months now it's been kind of in my thoughts like and I keep thinking about keep thinking about keep thinking about it and
 Yes, I was like what if I just wrote that book first
 And then I was like huh like it'd be a lot easier to write I could get it done
 We could launch it next year. It could be out in the world
 And but it's like like is it worth writing? I don't want to write a book just write a book
 A lot of people just write a book is like oh I need a book like I want to write a book that's gonna change people this gonna
 You know in 500 years to not people will reference it like that's kind of book
 I want to write so it's just like kind of make this something that's amazing that's different that's unique
 That's not the same conversation, but it's a different conversation that'll that'll inspire
 And and help people for a long time and so that's been the questions going through my head and and recently I figured out the title of it
 And then I figured out and I bought the domain which was not cheap
 So I bought the domain for it and then I was like okay
 This could be a thing so yesterday reached out to somebody who I who I know who actually designed the very first dot-com
 Secrets book covers and drops the cadence and it's like Rob
 Thing about writing a book. Do you want to design the cover for me?
 And he got excited I got excited like ah
 So now he's like designing the cover of the book and now officially soon as that conversation in my head
 I was like I'm writing a book. I'm talking to my wife about it yet like ah she's gonna freak out
 I'm almost one. I'm not tell her and then just be like hey
 It's done when it's done because she knows the pain that I go through to write a book
 But like that got me signed then I emailed
 Our publisher was like hey if I wrote a book on this would you be interested in this morning?
 I'd email back and he's like heck yeah
 That'd be amazing like he's freaking out like let's do this thing like ah
 And he's like give me like to hit the dates you want to sell this thing by the here's when we have to have the manuscript back and everything
 I was like oh and now I'm sitting in my car out front of the office
 Excited because like officially the switch has been turned on I'm writing my next book and I'm not gonna tell you what it is yet
 But I do want to tell you that like there's this weird energy that comes with it
 And so to come back to the question initially was like for you guys is should you write a book?
 The answer is a deafening. Yes, you should write a book. Same question like well, when should I start writing it and I would
 I would propose you start writing it today
 You just you got to flip the switch and you start flipping the switch like you just the last 24 hours my mind has been
 Has been trying to figure out what's this book? What's it look like? What's the outline? What's unique?
 What's different?
 How do we what's a framework when you sit it like like the swirling in your head and your mind and all these kind of things I'm like
 it's it's
 It's just like it's amazing. So if I was you I would I would come like I'm gonna write a book and you don't have to write today
 And maybe you hate writing. That's okay
 But just like I'm gonna write a book in there like what's the title gonna be and then I would hire someone to go create the book cover
 Because for me at least like I can't design a site. I've got a logo
 I don't know I'm very visual that way, but I see you have a book covered and it's like oh my gosh
 I can see like the tangible thing that people will be holding in their hands someday to make this room
 And then your mind will start looking for the answer like who what's this gonna look like?
 What's page one what's you know?
 What's the first section was the second section was chapter one two three?
 What am I where I want to take people? What's what's the mission of this book?
 What's the goal like where like all those things?
 Maybe somebody I'll write a whole course and had read a book because that could be a fun thing to
 But for now I just want you to think about that like if you start like you'll start opening your mind to the ideas
 And even takes you ten years write a book. That's okay, but now you're putting things down here you
 Remember a math theory told me one time. He's like if you wake up every morning and you write two pages a day
 He's like that's
 700 and whatever pages a year, right? That's he's like that's three books a year
 So you just let us I'm just about one page a day. You're at one page a day
 That's 365. That's that's a big book right like it gives you tons of time like take day take weekends off and
 Whatever he wake up and say every day I'm gonna write one page a day if you do that consistently
 Within like eight nine months. You've got it booked on which is exciting
 and
 There's something magical in Rome the romance of like just just saying like me like hey, what do you have to you?
 I'm writing a book like what you are. Yeah, I'm writing a book
 Which is like crazy exciting right?
 So anyway, I just want to put that out there. I do think everyone's right a book
 I think our one of our missions here for all of us on the surface come down to the surface, right?
 and we
 Have an opportunity to to help other people right like you've heard me talk about this a lot right like
 I believe that entrepreneurship is all of us been called to serve a group of people
 So the first part is identifying who the people I've been called to serve and you find them say how do I serve and you start looking through those things
 right and then I
 Feel like one of our other roles is you know
 We're going through this life experience. We're learning all these things and and we're having experiences and and tests and trials and problems and reading
 The books were studying things were you know and like I think part of our our job is to is to curate your learning
 It's like all this a few experience in this life with we should be curating those things and you can be curating for yourself for your
 spouse for your
 For your kids for your kids kids for your grandkids the people you've been called to serve whatever it is right
 But like we've all been here given with a given our own unique minds our own brains our own our own experiences and I think so many times
 We go through life and we experience stuff, which gives us growth, but then we never actually
 Leave anything behind to contribute to the next the next set of people right that
 the people after us who are coming who are like I'm on the search now like
 They haven't got a playbook for how to navigate this right and so it's like
 For all the all the growth that you went through like all things you learn all the things you experience like all the stuff
 Like if you don't leave a playbook behind for somebody else like
 Like what a tragedy right?
 If you look at I'm gonna talk about this my new book by the way
 But one of my favorite principles from Tony Robbins is the six human needs and there's the needs of the body and the needs of the spirit
 I'm not gonna go deep into it
 Right now
 There's four needs of the body and there's two needs of the spirit and the two needs of the spirit are growth number one and then
 contribution and I think most people here on this earth gets a spot where you figure out the needs of the body and
 Then you can move to the next here right now you start focusing on growth which is your personal development
 I think so many people go through that and it's amazing
 But then the most fulfilling that the the last step in this in this process is
 Contribution which is now you're leaving something behind right how you contribute to other people like all the growth you've gone through like
 what's the purpose of it like right and
 If you don't leave something behind then then like so much of the things you you went through is in vain because it only affected you
 And so I want to argue that that you know the as much as like I love the romance of writing book
 I think a bigger part is like
 Like you creating this thing that gives you ability to contribute your your life's lessons back
 And so I'm excited for this new book for me because it's not that I know the answers to these questions, but it's it's been
 It's been a question that I've been chasing for the last decade
 And I think that I've gotten further to the answer than than most people who have had a chance to be on this planet
 You know, I think it's something that that everyone who's been on this planet should should understand if I can give you a treasure map
 To get you there faster than that would be a disservice if I didn't and so that's why I'm writing this next book
 And I'm pumped and I'm excited and I hope that first off you're excited for the book
 I'm not gonna get to the title or the name or anything
 I just want you to freak out with me a little bit freak out and up but more importantly
 Because think if I told you the title and all it has to do distract from what I want you to think about which is yourself
 Right, which is like all the growth you're going through right now
 Like what's the contribution you're gonna live you're gonna leave behind and so think about that like okay based on that
 I'm in write a book and maybe the decade process, but I'm gonna start the process
 I can tell people to ask me what you're like what are you doing? I'm writing a book like what?
 How cool that most of like we're doing nothing like how like how you feeling? Okay, I thought doing anything
 I'm not creating anything
 So it's like most people's lives are so boring and static and just like blah, right?
 But we're creators we're entrepreneurs where the you know, we're the crazy ones like like it like we need to be creating
 Or else we're dying right and so like just that process of somebody asking what do you like?
 I'm writing a book like really you're writing a book like what's it about tell me about like it opens up this excitement and this energy
 It gets your mind spinning in here and like ah there's so many so many cool exciting things for you so
 Should you read a book the answer is yes? You've gone through too much to not share it with the people you love
 Even nobody reads it. Maybe one person reads it. I could be worth it like yeah
 like if one person can learn from the
 The things that you experienced and that can change their life
 like it was totally worth you documenting the process and and
 Turning it into a
 Emmanuel Ian fish for that one person and if you follow the process
 I teach you guys with free push shipping funnels and all the kind of stuff you can get into a lot more people's hands
 Hope to help thousands or tens of thousands or millions or more and that ripple effect will be because you decided to contribute
 Which is exciting so all right. That's all I got I'm out for the day. I'm gonna go start outlining my new book
 Ah so excited appreciate you guys for listening if you enjoyed this episode if you're writing a book take a snapshot on your phone of this
 You just push the two phone buttons
 Boom take the picture post that picture up to Instagram or Facebook or any of the other social platforms that you chill on and
 attack me and
 Tell me that you're committed to writing a book. I'd love to see it. Appreciate you all these for listening and I'll talk to you
 I'll see everybody
 We have decided to do it again. Yes earlier this year
 We did our first ever virtual conference called to comic Club live
 We over 5,000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing
 So because of that we've decided to do the virtual event just one more time
 And I wanted to invite you and your family to attend for free. This is how it works first
 You can get your ticket at www.tukomaclublive.com you're gonna put in your credit card
 But we're not gonna charge you anything then you can attend the full three days and learn everything you can for me and from
 Other to comic Club winners and then after the event decide if it's worth it if it's not let us know and you won't pay anything
 But if you love it and I'm sure you will then you'll get built after the event is over
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the two comic Club
 So go and get your tickets right now before they are gone go to www.tukomaclublive.com
 Yes, that's www.tukomaclublive.com
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
