 Hey, what's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Seeker's Podcasts,
 Saturday, and getting ready for the Big Fun Locking Live event.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Seeker's.
 Hey everyone, just wanted to jump on.
 I know that this last week and next week I've been working so much on presentations and slides
 and getting ready for a flocking live.
 I haven't done many podcasts and just wanted to kind of communicate and connect everybody
 because I'm thinking about you a lot, just so much stuff happening.
 Anyway, there's a lot that goes into events from the venue, the people, the speakers,
 like there's so much stuff, the organization, the schedule, the timing, there's everything
 in so for the last six months, so I've been spending time doing everything else.
 And then now it's like, it was two weeks away last week, or 10 days away as of right now.
 And so for me, it was like, kids last two weeks, like it's all about, I need to get my presentations
 done.
 And it's interesting, like most, I don't know, it's weird.
 Most people who do their own events nowadays, they don't speak very much of their own events,
 which is weird to me, doesn't quite make sense.
 But that's what people do.
 A couple of ones went to this year and they were great events, like nothing against that,
 the paroder didn't speak as much, I went to Raim Rans' event, which was really, really
 neat, and I asked him, I'm like, what are you speaking about?
 He was like, I don't speak in my own presentations.
 I was like, oh, you don't?
 Like, huh, he's like, yeah, my event, I like to bring people in and then I love them speak
 and I'm like, oh, that's interesting.
 And then I was at Grant Cardone's event and he came and didn't speak hardly at all either.
 And I was like, man, I would die for, like if I had staged like Grant Cardone's, I would
 have been on stage 20 hours a day, every single day, like just leveraging that because that's
 like such an important thing, you know what I mean?
 And then if you look at, it's different ones, I don't know, but for me, it's like, I feel
 like, I know that like when, and the traffic conversion when it first came out, I used
 to go to left here in Ryan and Perry speak and the vocal guys are geniuses and I love
 hearing from them.
 And as traffic conversion grew, they'd start speaking less and less and less and now I
 think last year and see I like, I don't know, 50, 60 speakers and they maybe spoke once
 each and it's just like, I don't even, it's like it's like it's worth meeting and going
 and it works.
 Like I wanted to hear from them, right?
 I like the people who've got tons of longevity.
 So like Tony Robbins, like when he does his events, he's on stage for 50 hours in a weekend,
 right?
 And I just like, I feel like, I don't know, I always want to be there.
 I want to be the one inside of it.
 And so because of that, like for this event, I've got six presentations I'm creating and
 of course I'm not someone who can just make a, you know, I don't just want to go off top
 of my head, like I want to make these impactful and emotional and like, strong.
 Every presentation like the design I'm spending on each one is just that alone, it's amazing
 and figuring out.
 And the last podcast I talked about, I'm going to go to the hook and the headline and the
 framework and you know, it's been a week of me just doing that on the six presentations
 and I'm only about halfway through the frameworks, which is SAC, so it's trying to get it all
 done.
 This week's the next week I can work on slides.
 But as I was doing this, I was trying to think and I've been, you know, talking to a
 lot of people, my team, people at the event, a lot of people just trying to figure things
 out.
 And I think the reason why I've been successful, so I'm saying this for people who are creating
 courses or content or products or events or slides or presentations or anything, because
 I think it's a hint and I hope that it helps because that's the whole point of why I want
 to jump on here is I wish you guys knew how much time I spent trying to figure out how
 to simplify concepts.
 I think the biggest thing that keeps you back from success when they're presenting is techno
 babble.
 If you read the expert series book, I talk about techno babble, right?
 We use these huge vocabularies.
 My vocabulary is very simple, it's very easy and I'm always trying to simplify like, if
 you look at these standing whiteboards here and here, those who are watching and here
 and here and this is, and then I've got papers all over the ground here.
 This is like me taking a concept and like, writing it out, writing it again and again
 and again trying to simplify it.
 So it's so simple that I can explain to my kids.
 It's so simple, I can understand it.
 And I don't think people spend the time, like if you knew, like it's starting at 624
 people, I'm sitting here trying to simplify this one section of the presentation because
 it's like, it needs to be so simple people to understand it.
 I think that instead we think that we're so smart and we use our techno babble and our
 learning to show how intelligent we are, but all it does is it alienates the audience
 and pushes them away from you.
 So I think that's one of my superpowers, but it's not something that is magical, it's
 me sitting here for 10 hours trying to figure out one presentation how to simplify it, make
 it simpler and simpler and simpler until it's simple.
 And so for all of you guys who are out there, I've spent more time on that, try to simplify
 things, simplify your vocabulary, pull the big words out and pull the complex things out.
 See if you can explain what you're doing in a doodle graph.
 If you can't, then it's too complex.
 I think you guys are like, well mine's, I could do a minor doodle graph like, oh you could.
 When I, we did a thing in a network marketing program a while ago and they wanted me to
 do a video explaining the compliment and it was way over my head anyway, right?
 So I had John on my team go through and he watched like, I don't know, it was like 12
 plus hours of video of people explaining the compliment from the lawyers and the marketers
 and all sorts of stuff.
 And he went through and he tried to explain it to me, it took like four or five hours to
 explain it to me and then I had it on all the thing on a whiteboard and I was like, okay,
 how to make this simple and took me another two or three days to simplify the point,
 I was just like, oh, that's really, really easy.
 And so I just want to, I don't know, for you guys who are, and this is kind of to the
 audience who's presenting and experts and things like that, like first off, continue
 to publish your stuff.
 Like that's one big key I want to put out there.
 Like, don't, I don't know, your longevity of you as a person, as a personality I think
 has to do with like how much time you put out there.
 Now, attention on that, like, I'm very strategic.
 Like in my events, I spend a lot of time talking to people coming there.
 I don't speak in many other people's events anymore because I want, I also want to be
 the guy who's at every single event speaking because it, yeah, you lose like here, you
 lose your, you know, supply and demand type thing there.
 But my own event, I want to be the one there, I want to make it so that this is a venue
 that people come to and that they're going to come because like, I'm going to hear six
 whole new presentations from Russell that I've never heard before.
 He's never talked about a podcast, it's just like this unique thing and I want to
 give that experience to people.
 And so I think if for your own things like do that kind of stuff, like be one and do it
 and second, just simplify things as much as you can.
 And then third is like, I don't know how to teach this, but how do you like, try to
 make things sexy.
 Like I could have said, like this presentation is how to get traffic to your website, you
 know, or how to increase your social media profile, whatever.
 But instead we made it sexy and I read these headlines to you guys during last event,
 you know, like conversation nomination, how to get your dream clients to digatively binge
 watching you on every platform that they live on, warning, aggressive approach is only for
 those who truly believe in a message.
 You look at that and you're like, okay, that's, you know, that's a cool headline, Russell.
 But like we sat here for like three hours going back and like, try to make it easier.
 So for you, like, you got to put the time in to simplify your message and to make it
 sexy, figure out the hook, like spend time doing that.
 I wish I wish you guys could all get a glimpse of how much time I spend on that part of it
 because I don't think people, I don't think people understand that they just like put
 something together and they go out there.
 And it's like, no, that's, that's the valuable part.
 That's what makes you valuable to your audience is your ability to go through and collect information
 ideas and things like that.
 I did a podcast before about how, you know, your job is to think for a lot of other people,
 like you're doing that and then bringing it back to somebody in a simple format that
 like, oh, oh, cool, I could actually do that.
 Right?
 So that's what your job is to do your curating all this stuff and then bring it back in the
 most simple form possible to give people.
 But you got to spend the time doing that.
 You get put in the energy, the effort to think through those things for them, simplify them
 and give them in a way that they can do it.
 And I don't know how to teach that other than I want you to be aware of how much time
 I spend doing it because then you might realize like, oh, well, I don't spend any time doing
 that.
 Maybe that's my problem.
 Maybe I should spend a Saturday here in my sweats in my office just thinking through
 how to simplify this for people because it's, it's meant the world to me.
 And I think it's helped me to build an audience and get followers and people listening to
 because I've been good at that.
 So I hope it helps.
 I don't know.
 I'm not the best in the world.
 I still talk too fast.
 I mumble.
 I have all sorts of quirks and things that are strained.
 I know some people don't like me at all, which is totally cool.
 That's something I've been good at and it's helped a lot of people.
 And so, you know, get my books, Stockholm Secrets, Expert Secrets.
 They're not my original ideas.
 It's me reading a billion things, trying a bunch of stuff and then putting into a format
 that's as simple as possible.
 That's why I doodle things out.
 Like I'm trying to doodle so you can be like, oh, there's the doodle.
 Oh, that's, that's what he's thinking.
 So if you're just figuring out, simplify, simplify, simplify, cut out the techno babble,
 make things sexy, make things interesting, spend that extra time to do that because it's
 worth it.
 Okay?
 And if I can do that for six presentations in a two-week period of time and that's doing
 it for all of them plus then creating slides for all of them on top of everything on some
 new visit event, I guarantee you can do it with one presentation or with, you know, your
 perfect webinar you're doing, you know?
 I'm guessing a lot of times if your webinars aren't converting it's because you're too
 complex, simplify the story, simplify the process, simplify the things for people.
 So they get it, make them sexy, make the hooks good, make it intriguing and curiosity driven
 because those are the, those are the keys.
 So anyway, that's it you guys.
 I'm going to get back to work.
 I'm going to make this thing sexy and simplify it.
 So hopefully someday sometime today and go take a nap.
 All right.
 Appreciate you guys all for those who come in Fun Hocking Live.
 I cannot wait to see you.
 It's going to be amazing and hopefully this event will change your business but more importantly,
 I want to change your life.
 So I'll see you guys there.
 Bye everybody.
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets and you can get a free copy at expertseekers.com
 and book number two is called .com Secrets and you can get your free copy at .comseekers.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest
 growing non-VC backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 (audience applauds)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
