 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. Hope you're having amazing day today
 Today I want to talk about all the things you do after your funnel is finished
 A lot of people create a funnel and they're like waiting for the money come. No, that's where it begins not where it ends
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so it starts went off there's a funny quote I heard one time from somebody said
 Something to the effect of like I can't wait to get married because then I'll be at the end of all my problems
 And there's this older married couple who last they say
 Yeah, you just don't know what's and it is. It's not the end. It's the beginning and
 And I think it's I think it's kind of funny
 It's true with like in our world of entrepreneurship and building funnels, right?
 We go out there and we spend all time in this effort and we're like who's my funnels done
 Then I'll make money and then I'll be at the end and and you get the funnel done
 And I came at the end and me as an experienced marketer who's been doing this for a long time look at you and smile and says
 Yeah, but you don't know what's and this is the beginning right?
 The funnel is the funnel is the thing that converts to sale, right?
 But it's not the thing that gets people to come to you, right? And
 And so that's a that's kind of what I want to talk about
 What I want to talk about today
 And I'm gonna lead back I want to step back and put it as your wrestling analogy because that's what wrestlers do we talk about wrestling
 So for those of you who are wrestlers, you know that to take somebody down. There's only a couple real takedowns, right?
 There's a there's a single leg a double leg and a high crotch like that's 90% of the takedowns
 There's other things but you look at the highest level like Olympics and things like that
 NCA like almost all the takedowns one of the three like that's the majority of it, right? So if you're looking at the outside
 Drake, oh
 you know wrestling's really easy guys gonna learn three moves and
 And you know from now say it looks like that
 But the reality is for each of those moves there's a hundred different ways to set it up and get into that move, right?
 So there's so many things I can do to get a high crotch or double leg or singly
 There's a million things to do, right?
 And these are all setups and so the the the skill comes like like how like what are all the setups?
 How do you do them? How do you do them with someone goes here or here here here like like that's where the that's where the
 The secret sauce comes from right and so the same thing is true in our world, right? When you come to building funnels
 There's not a there's not like an unlimited type, you know amount of funnels
 You know there's there's about ten if you read the the dot-com secrets book
 I show them like these are these are them like you know inside click photos
 I see over a hundred thousand funnels like a hundred thousand clients each one have multiple funnels like millions of funnels
 I look at and the majority of almost all funnels that generate any kind of revenue are one of these kind of funnels, right?
 So it's not like we got to ream in the will or figure out the next thing like it's it's there
 And if you don't know what those are you right?
 You know what the double leg single leg and high crotch is for for funnel world go read the new updated hardbound
 Dot-com secrets book like they're all in there. There's no secret sauce like there they're there like
 You have those you got everything you need right?
 And so that's that's the first step so second step now is like okay
 How do we get people in what are the setups? What are all the different ways that we get somebody come in and?
 And start buying that book
 So I'm looking at my book right now get them to come in my funnel and buy whatever I'm selling right?
 So that's kind of the next the next step
 So that's what we're talking about today is just helping you understand that when the funnel is done now
 You're on the other side of it. So I've been doing this and I talked about during the I think the last podcast episode
 Launching to understand dot me summit which has been so cool and it's been doing really well
 We launched on the first day and we hit the one comma club on day number one and my partner's ends for freaking out
 They're so excited and it's just it's fun seeing it seeing it all come together, right?
 And then it's what was fun is the summit launched and they went to all the speakers said promote it bunch speakers promoted it
 And then the like kday - what do we do now? And I'm like, uh, yes, you were at the end of your problems
 But it's it's the beginning end. It's that end of it right now. We got to figure out how do we keep promoting this?
 What are the things that we do? And so um
 And again, there's there's tons if you've read the traffic secrets book
 You've seen I go through tons of different ways to do these things right and the the reality is that the number of setups for a single leg
 Or unlimited the the setups of way to get some of your funnel are unlimited and you guys start being creative start thinking about
 What are all the different things? Obviously you can go by facebook as you can by google ads you can do those things you can
 Um, you know do things with like let's start getting creative and so what I told our people and some just given you guys this as an idea, right?
 I said, okay
 Um now the law speakers have promoted it the next phase is they house we get them involved in this promotion
 Like what are other things we can do? I said the first thing to do is we should interview right like when a big new movie comes out
 And hollywood what do they do?
 They don't just go by facebook ads and hope people show up the actors who are in the show
 They go on the road and they start going on the talk shows right there on the they're on this day show and it's a night show
 And good morning america and like telling the story of the movie why it's gonna be so good and they show a little clip of it and get people excited
 Right and build anticipation desire. I said we gotta do the same thing with our with our summit, right?
 If you want people to come in we gotta do the same way to build the anticipation and desire and get people fired up
 And so my next assignment for uh for my command
 He was like, okay go back to all the speakers and say hey can we do a facebook live on
 Each of your fan pages we do the facebook live and they said sweet what do we do facebook live? We do another interview?
 I'm like no no no no no you don't do an interview. Um, you already did the interview. That's the content
 That's what we're giving him. We don't want the goal here's not to give people more content is to create the desire for the content, right?
 like thinking about like when when you look at the tonight show and
 Um, robert down in jr. Is coming to talk about endgame. He's not showing you the movie. He's not giving you the content
 He's creating desire for the content. He's gonna tell you some funny story about what happened while they were filming it
 And he's like you guys want to see clip of it and shows a little clip people are like, ah, I must go see the movie, right?
 You call your friends like cancel all your plans and you buy your tickets and you're there, right?
 Because it created desire for the movie, right? So all these setups, right?
 So setups for single egg. This is the setups for your funnel
 But they're all things that create desire for the thing that's inside of your funnel, right?
 And so I said when you do these interviews, they're not long they're short. They're three five minutes max, right?
 And maybe ten if you really long along, but I don't think he's that long, right?
 And so it's three to five minutes and the question was like hey, we're here today was so-and-so
 They're part of our understanding understand.me
 Summit we're so excited and really quick, you know, this guest they specialize in in blah blah blah
 And you want to tell us really quick why you got excited about this and then guess comes on like oh, yeah
 So I got excited about this because blah blah blah blah, right? And then cool now inside the summit
 Um, obviously you told us all your secrets about how you do blah blah blah blah blah
 But like tell us tell us like what's what's one quick thing that that uh, they're gonna learn when they have a chance to listen to your presentation, right?
 And person's like, okay, well, you know, we went deep but one cool thing they're gonna learn they're gonna learn how to do blah blah blah blah
 Okay, and notice this the person said let me walk you through the process per said in the summit you're gonna learn this thing
 Right, so it's creating desires telling them what they're gonna learn not not how to do the thing
 Right? So so here's what you're gonna learn and so it gives them that little that little thing now they've got the hook
 And then the last thing is uh for the for the host to be like, okay now my favorite thing about your interview is blah blah blah blah blah
 Right, um, and then everyone and then they have a call actually like, okay if you guys want to hear uh, so-and-so's interview go to whatever.com
 And uh, that's kind of how it was, right?
 So I told them go to all speakers and do that and hopefully we can do on their fan pages because if it is then all of their fans
 You're gonna see this cool interview with that person pushing them back to to their thing, right?
 Um, and so that's kind of the next phase of promotion
 Okay, again, that's those are all different setups right to get somebody in the leg now. It's like starting to okay. What's what like
 How else can we how else can we amplify this? How else can we boost it?
 Um, and so you know my next thought is something similar to what we did
 When I did my interview with Tony Robbins, right when I launched the expert secrets book
 I was lucky enough to have Tony Robbins interview me on his fan page so his fan saw the interview which was crazy
 Um, but then when it was done we called Tony's team like, hey a ton of people saw the interview
 Can can we get access to your ads account and we'll actually pay for the ads to promote your this interview to your people
 And Tony's people like what's what's in it for us? I'm like, well, we'll pay for the ads and you'll get a affiliate commission
 So it's just there's there's money in it for you and all the stuff and I said sure
 So they let us have access to the ads account
 We promoted Tony's interview to Tony's people and that that video ended up being seen by like three and a half million people
 Right another setup to get more people now to watch the the presentation which gets them then to come to the funnel
 Right, and so it's just like always take it the next step and the next step and the next step further
 And so that's the next step for us. It's like okay now after we've done the interview
 Let's see if we can promote that until they're to they're following and get more noise out there create more desire
 For people to come back into our into our funnels. Okay, and so again, this is just one little strategy. There's a million of them
 I just want you to just thinking differently, right? We're gonna think differently besides just
 um
 You know, hey my funnel's done now what like okay now it's done
 What what are they doing in hollywood?
 They they take the road the show on the road the actors the people so I think if it's if it's you if it's your product
 You should be going on the road getting interview doing things like that
 um, you know, uh, if it if there's people in your product here you should be able to
 Their fan pages and getting interviewing them on their fan pages to get people to come back like there's so many things you can do
 You've got success stories. You've got students who had success you with your product
 You can go on their fan pages, you know, they're their personal pages and interview them about their success story and use that as an ad
 I remember um when kalyn poland was building lady boss
 I remember she told me she's like she's like there's a segment of the market that loves her right? They're like
 I love kalyn she's amazing and they just listen to her but she's like because you know if you know kalyn this is again back when she was first
 She started you know, she had her nose pierced or her nose pierced tattoos
 You know, she kind of had this edgy this edgy feel and so some people love that but she was like a lot of like the the the moms
 Didn't like connecting me very well. And so she's like I understood that um so I was like how do I open up my
 My business to those like I want to attract those people and I can serve them
 But they just don't connect with me as close as as you know right now
 And so she said well who my customers are our moms who've gone through the program had success and she found a couple of them
 And she said can I interview you um about your success story and uh they said yeah, and so it's it's kind of a cool story
 She actually went through the expert secrets book and took the epiphany bridge
 Script questions and she sent it to all of these these women said okay. We want you to
 Write your story answer these eight questions right took eight questions the next for secrets book
 Um and fill them out. It's like what's your backstory? What was the you know, blah blah?
 They they filled out the questions and then uh kaolin got on the interview and interviewed my facebook live asking the questions
 That the women got emotional and all of a sudden had kaolin interviewing
 You know a mom who who had gone through a program had success and kaolin interviewing
 Um a guy who'd gone through you know, maybe I wasn't sure. I don't think she let's guys in anyway
 But you know what I mean like always different people in different segments that weren't kaolin weren't kaolin
 And then they took those ads those those videos as interviews and those became ads that targeted that demographic
 And all of a sudden that demographic was like, I don't know how to connect with kaolin
 Man, I connect with the person that kaolin helped and because that now I connect with kaolin
 Right and just like it starts it starts um opening up this huge new new markets and new doors for you
 So i'm telling this because I just want you guys thinking differently
 Right, there's so many ways to do this. It's just being creative and starting have some fun with this
 Okay, this is there's the art and the science of funnel building right?
 The science is like this is the funnel structure like dot-com secrets is like here is the science
 You know build the funnel distractions how works expert secrets gets into the art of like the messaging inside the funnel and traffic secrets is the art of
 How do you get the ads out there? You know and in traffic? There's art and science
 There's like how do you do the placements and those kind of things?
 But there's the art of how do I create things how do I find things are interesting?
 How do I get people's attention and that's where it gets fun. So
 Anywho, I just want to share some of those ideas with you guys mostly assimilate your brains today
 Um and get you guys thinking differently, okay?
 Because the funnel is done and it's launched here at the end of all your problems
 But you're about to find out it's the it's the other end it's the beginning it's time to start learning
 Uh the traffic side of this game and start having fun with that as well. So with that said thank you guys. I appreciate you all
 Uh having an amazing day and I'll talk to you as well again soon. Bye everybody
 We have decided to do it again. Yes earlier this year
 We did our first ever virtual conference called two comical live
 We had over 5 000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing
 So because of that we've decided to do the virtual event just one more time
 And I wanted to invite you and your family to attend for free. This is how it works
 First you can get your ticket at www.2comiclublive.com
 You're gonna put in your credit card, but we're not going to charge you anything
 Then you can attend the full three days and learn everything you can for me and from other two comiclub winners
 And then after the event decide if it's worth it if it's not let us know and you won't pay anything
 But if you love it and I'm sure you will then you'll get built after the event is over
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the two comical up
 So go and get your tickets right now before they are gone go to www.2comiclublive.com
 Yes, that's www.tw o c o m m a c l u b l i v e dot com two comical live dot com
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
