 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope you guys are doing awesome today
 I just got back to maryzona back from a wrestling practice driving into the office so many fun things we'll talk about so
 With that said scuba theme song we come back. We're gonna talk about
 Friend groups changing identity and home with other really cool things
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so this last week has been amazing
 You know I you guys know I'm training for a wrestling tournament
 I actually leave in two days when I'm recording this to fly out to Florida and
 It's a three-day tournament day number one is beach wrestling which come on now that sounds insane
 I've never done before apparently they draw a big circle in the sand and you beat each other up. I'm so excited
 That's number one number two then day two is freestyle and day three is crackles three different styles and I'm excited I
 last time rest was actually about two years ago before COVID and
 It was a tournament that I went to and it was the first time I actually competed at that point in 15 years hadn't competed since I was wrestling college and
 Went to that tournament was planning on getting in shape went to one practice tore my neck out and then just showed up to the tournament and
 Did alright I had fun and this time around I was like okay, let's try to prepare a little more
 So I'm lighter about 10 pounds maybe 15 pounds lighter than I used to be but I'm still in the same weight class
 Which is gonna be frustrating because the next week class is another like 12 14 pounds down
 And I was like I'm not willing to do that so wrestling guys will be bigger than me this time
 But I'm in better shape this time ahead about a month worth of 12 probably eight practices but over three or four weeks and
 Anyway, so excited my body sore. It's bruised my ears are swollen, but I'm pumped
 So anyway, I have a wrestling practice I'm heading right now, but anyway last week
 We had a chance to fly out to Arizona and do a couple things number ones
 I spoke at Dean and Tony's own your future challenge, which is really fun and then after that
 I brought my two kids out to kind of
 Two of my kids. I've got five kids back about my twin boys out there and
 Partly because I want them to see me working right like I want them to see like this is like your dad does for living like like a cool
 This is I have a chance to speak in front of half million people virtually right so I want to show them that and then afterwards
 I wanted to help them to I don't just realize how good they have it so
 We went out with Matt and Kayla Maddox and we went
 We went out to the streets of Arizona
 We found a place where the homeless people live and we had a chance to go out there and to defeat him and I never
 know somebody that before it was really cool. We literally drove to
 Like little seizures and bought a bunch of pizzas or the grocery store about popsicles and drinks and drove out there and pars and just
 Handed out food to people. I mean at today's in Rowan
 It was just really really cool experience with my kids and everything and
 It was awesome, but I want to talk about this podcast because I have a bunch of stuff coming like we
 The last day we recorded the three-hour podcast with a whole bunch of young entrepreneurs
 And I think that'll be an episode here soon and a bunch of other a lot of cool stuff
 But what I want to talk about was just the power of who you're around and it was interesting
 I'm writing my my fourth book some years. No, and I've been trying to focus on like how do we create identity shifts?
 How do we how do we become who we need to be to be able to reach the goals and things we have right and there's a
 Lot of things a lot of different
 Lovers you can pull to be able to come who you need to be and so
 You know, there's there's identities. There's there's beliefs. There's rules. There's all these different things and one of people that I know who was really
 Bigging that kind of stuff is Tom bill you so I did I
 actually texted him and asked some questions about his beliefs on it and he
 Messed me back and we ended up jumping on a call and talked about 45 minutes
 Maybe I'll make that up that call a podcast steps up to you
 I want to keep giving you guys all this cool stuff for hanging out with me, but anyway
 It was interesting because in there we talked about like how do you change from this identity and beliefs and their rules and their values and things like that
 He said you're the most powerful things you can do is you take people
 Out of their existing environment you put him around a peer group of people they respect and eventually it will become like those people
 And he told me that in this interview. That's how he started
 He said before he was spending 10 hours they play video games all sorts of stuff and he got his new peer group of people who were
 Having success who were doing all these things and and he said I spent a time around them
 I eventually wanted their respect and so I want to become like them and now he's Tom bill you who you know who's crazy
 He's uh anyway, he's awesome, but he said you know he's like if you're kids if I was training your kids
 I'm saying I would take them I would go to a desert island and said if I want them to become a max
 Max murder I put him with a bunch of axe murders and eventually they would become like that person
 I wanted them to be an athlete put him out on a rush athletes eventually become like that person and he talked about like how
 How the the peer group and people you're around how much that that affects identity and beliefs and your rules and your values and all those kind of things
 This was interesting. So anyway, I'm going to this trip with
 Arizona I
 Don't know if any of you guys are teenager parents, but it's it's hard to be a teenager parent
 I love it, but man, it's it's hard to
 Motivate your kids to want to do things and get them excited and and I try to figure out different ways to do it all
 Time and it's hard as a parent because I don't know it's funny like no matter how cool other people think you are your kids
 Just think your dad, right?
 In fact, I had two or three times less true people like yeah, you're lucky that your dad's Russell and the kids are like why like he's just
 This annoying dad that tries to you know talks about marketing and stuff, you know, but
 Anyway, so it's hard as a as a parent like really I don't know like I do my best, but it's just it's it's harder to get them to
 You know to want to do the things you want them to do and and hope them for them to do right
 And so it was cool
 So it went out to this this thing we went out with Matt and Caleb and Caleb is like the epitome of who my kids would want to be right
 Like he's successful. He speaks on stages. He's got YouTube channels. He's podcaster. He's he's funny. He's happy
 You know, his friends always successful people and it was really cool because I brought my kids out there and Caleb
 He picked him up and they jumped the car together and you know within it's funny because I'd spend two days my kids trying
 Get them to talk they asking questions. They just can't sit there. Hmm. Hmm like Mike
 they forget how to talk like to teenagers not know how to talk and
 Something against Caleb this person who is in you know similar to their age someone their peer group
 Someone who they would they aspire to be like when we look up to
 Within two minutes Caleb
 I'm talking and sharing their dreams and their visions and I'm sitting there in the car like I'm the front seat
 They're in the back seat and like five minutes of them spending time with Caleb
 I know more about my kids at this point than I've known my entire you know 15 years of their existence
 I'm like how in the world like why don't you talk to me like that?
 Why don't you tell me these things and it was so cool because
 The first thing Caleb did is ask him like where do you want to be in 10 years from now?
 And it's funny because my kids default answers like I don't know and so he started he's like he asked me
 And like what did you do you or where do you want to be in 10 years from now?
 And I don't know is not an acceptable answer and it was crazy within you know two or three minutes each of my kids gave them like
 What do they want to be in 10 years?
 And it was like oh my gosh that was so cool and then
 Immediately Caleb is not like okay. Well good luck
 He was like okay for you do that first thing he's a new mentor and he looked it down because I down
 You're trying to use what I do right now, so I'm gonna become your mentor
 I'm gonna be your coach. I'm gonna you know bubble ball
 I think but when they think I got a friend who does exactly what you're trying to do
 So he's making me mentor and Caleb called the guy's like hey my friend
 You know my friend here he wants to be a hypnotist and you're hypnotist and so
 Can you come meet him and he becomes mentor on the guys like sure and you know within within an hour
 It's like if it comes out and all of a sudden he's teaching my son how to hypnotize people and also my son's like
 This is the coolest thing ever and then Caleb's help him down like talk about speaking and motivation and all these things and I'm sitting here
 I'm like this is insane and for two days. I watch my kids light up. They're on fire. They're excited. They're talking about their dreams
 Their passions and it was funny because what something down said he's like you know
 Most people hang out. This is like you're not telling me about here and talking to to Caleb
 You're most my friends. They're how many motivations or goals or dreams
 They just kind of sit around and play video games all day. I'm sitting there
 I'm like literally down that was you three minutes ago, but he's seeing that and he's like because he already is not so shame self with
 an older peer group is associate himself with this peer group of people he's around now and
 And that's the you know within a day of being around these these these people he loves and respects us up to him
 And anyway, it was just so it was so cool
 It was so powerful and there's so many lessons from this
 But the one that wanted to kind of think about is either for yourself or for
 You know if you've got kids is it's like who are they hanging out?
 Who are you hanging around with right?
 I'm sure you've heard it said before that your income will be the average of your five closest friends
 And I definitely believe that's true. You'll be successful is your five closest friends
 You'll be as good of an athlete is your five closest friends like whatever whoever you're around is who you're gonna level up to be like right?
 It's like Tom Billy said if you want to be an axe murder go to an island with an axe murders eventually become like them right or if you
 want to be an athlete or you want to be a
 Biohacker tech person or a programmer like it's all about who you who you surround yourself with
 And so for you like that's the first thing I'll do is make an intro intro
 Spektev that word like look at yourself and be like where do I want to go and like are the people that I'm around?
 Are they are they there right now or are they trying to get me there?
 Are they holding me back from there? I you gotta be completely honest with yourself, right?
 That's the first thing it if it's not what you want to be it's like okay
 It's time to find a new friend groups trying to find people to be around they're gonna pull you up
 Doesn't mean if you get rid of your existing friends like you can still be friends
 And that's awesome
 But the key is like if you really want to to reach something and get there
 You've got to be around this kind of you gotta be around the people who think the way that you want to think right?
 That's a big part of it. It's like me if you're looking at from your from your kid standpoint, man
 I mean my big off-office because just like no matter how hard I try as a parent
 The most valuable thing I can do is probably not me trying to teach them or coach them
 I mean obviously I got a set of good example to the things that I believe are right
 But I think bigger so is like who are the people that they're gonna look up to who are they gonna be around right because if I
 Defall our friends pick their friends and sometimes they pick friends that are
 Probably not the right friends for them, right?
 But you can help
 Facilitate and find the right friends how cool is that and then one thing was really cool
 I saw Matt Maddox do that's Caleb's dad who kind of facilitate this whole thing and it was really cool because um
 He was there with Caleb and caves friends and one thing he told me
 In passing he said that he said you know, I want my son to be you know
 I want to be able to mention my my son so part I was like I have to get to know my son's friends
 He's like I try to be a mentor to my to my son's friends
 because I want to make sure that they're good people too and so all the all Caleb's friends were hanging out with like
 They all loved Matt and Matt was coaching him and helping him and like it was so cool to see that
 I'm like, oh, I gotta be better at that like I need to become friends with my kids friends
 Like I gotta be mentors them
 I gotta coach them
 I gotta help them because they're probably more likely to listen to me than their own parents, right?
 Because I don't know why that's just how people work
 I'm a number two is like if I want to help guide
 The ship my kids, you know helping guide the peer group is a big piece of as well. So anyway
 I got some good lessons from this weekend
 I wish you could see the way that Matt and Caleb in this this friend group do like Matt's trained all of them
 It's like if you're with somebody if you're in a room with somebody great
 You need to ask them questions, right?
 And so people are asking me questions about every day a question after question after question like went to sushi dinner
 And it was like like 500 questions in an hour from all the friends and all the people but not only was it with me
 it's like we went out the homeless people and I remember there's ladies in wheelchair and and
 First thing Matt does is says this is my son right here. What advice would you give him?
 And you know ask questions like man, you're out here living on the streets
 It's gotta be hard
 But how do you keep your positive and like I watched him drill this person asking for your five six seven eight nine questions
 to this person who you know, I
 Wouldn't have thought to ask that person questions
 It was so cool to watch them do it and then watch that person light up and give feedback and inspiration
 And I'm watching these amazing people out there who are teaching my kids like about God and about Jesus and about hope and about faith and about
 You know the problems that got them there and their dreams out how they want to get out of it and was just like
 Such a magical experience and so
 And I watched Caleb and Matt and all the friend group there as they went to every single
 Person they met like with the waiter the waiter waiters is the every restaurant went to it's like hey
 This is my son here. What advice would you give Murrick? Hey?
 You know just it was so cool to see I wish I could have captured it all and put it in a bottle for you guys
 but
 Anyway, those are some of the lessons those are the things I saw that were just powerful that were really cool
 So anyway, like I said, I'm probably gonna go deeper and do some longer form podcasts kind of going in more
 Some of these principles and stuff, but these are some of the gifts
 I wanted to give you just a tough my head right now while I'm still thinking about it
 That's such a big impact on me and my kids
 So today is I mean people my job is my goal is to ask more questions
 There's so many cool things you can learn from everybody
 especially, you know the
 Servers the the people around you people that work for you people you meet on the street people you meet at the grocery store
 And they're asking the clerk checking a sat he was asking questions the clerk, you know, how's your day today?
 What's going on?
 His is my son. What's the best best piece of advice you could possibly give him like like to everybody and I was like
 This is so cool and and I start watching again Matt starts listening they watch Caleb do it
 I watch Caleb's friends do it
 I'm looking at this group of kids and I'm like man these guys are progressing so fast because they're getting
 Everybody's best tips from you know
 The millionaires they meet to the people who are living on the streets and a million people in between it's just like man
 How much of a shortcut to success is that been trying to go and learn these lessons on your own asking questions?
 So
 Anyway, it was amazing. I want to thank Matt and Caleb for hosting me and the kids
 It was such a great experience
 With that said I'm gonna get some work done because I got to go fly out and Russell here in a day and a half
 And a lot to do before then so with that said appreciate you guys. Thanks for listening and I will talk to you as all
 Again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, and the phone over your text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is what I do to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting communities
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
