 Hey, what's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome you back to the marketing secrets podcast
 Man, I don't know about you, but I'm in publishing mode
 I've been doing more interviews than anyone ever in history
 Just kidding at least for me tons of interviews tons of Facebook lives tons of videos tons of stuff
 I guess you can't meet and do other things all you can do is publish stuff
 And it's been a lot of fun
 And I'm sure you haven't been on all 50 60 plus interviews that I have been doing but today
 I did the one that I think was the best was Pete Vargas and his about traffic secrets and he kind of
 Steared me in a direction and let me go and I really enjoyed it. It was probably so far of all the ones
 I've done the one where I think I did the best. So there you go. I don't know if that's cocky or arrogant or just
 I've done it 50 times and I'm figuring out how to tell my stories the best way
 But I wanted to to share this one with you guys
 So it's kind of a recap of what I've been talking about in so many interviews
 But I think the one that I told the story is the best and the most interesting
 And so if you had a chance to read the dot com or excuse me not the drop-com secrets the new traffic secrets book
 You probably heard some of these stories
 But if you haven't yet, this will give you hopefully excited
 Learning more about what it is and how it works and why this is so vital and so important today out of all days
 And so with that said I'm gonna cue up the theme song for the marketing secrets show and come back
 You're gonna have a chance to listen into an interview idea with Pete Vargas
 Talking about traffic secrets book and a bunch of other really cool things
 I hope that it gives you some ideas and if nothing else gets you excited to go by a copy of the traffic secrets book
 We've already sold over 50,000 copies, which is so cool, especially considering
 That the average New York Times best-seller book only sells 10,000 copies during its initial week
 So thank you has all so much for your support and for some reason you haven't got your book yet now is the time go to traffic
 Secrets dot com all right
 Thanks again and with that said I'm gonna cue up the theme song and we come back
 You have a chance to listen on the interview with me and Pete Vargas
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Ladies and gentlemen the founder of ClickFunnels built the company from zero to nine figures
 I'm so stoked to have my good friend and one of my mentors Russell Brunson Russell you there my friend
 I'm here Pete. How you doing man? Dude? I'm excited to have you bro
 It's let lighting up people are sharing it and they're they're excited to hear from you today, man
 I'm excited to be here and I'm excited to hang out with everybody. It's insane Russell has built the business from zero to nine figures and
 He is a brilliant guy
 But Russell in the midst of what's going on in our world crisis before we start jamming on traffic and funnels
 And what's working in traffic secrets, which I'm stoked to give out a ton of those books today
 You've been through crisis like you've faced it
 You've been kind of rock bottom even in your business journey before and I don't ask everybody this
 But I feel like I'm supposed to ask you that today because you've been there
 Can you kind of take people through like that time? I know the story
 But a lot of these folks don't know it take us through that time when you face crisis and kind of what you did to get out of that man
 Yeah, for sure. Um, it's it's funny because
 I've been doing this now. This is my 17th. I think 17th year in his business. So people think I look like I'm 11 years old
 I've been doing it for a little while
 And so I've had a chance twice where because of my stupid
 business decisions almost went bankrupt and then once because of when the whole last recession hit we did really well during the first
 Month or two of the recession or should be year or so the recession and then we got hit hard
 I remember having to walk in one day laying off 80 people in one day and a lot of them were friends and family members
 And you know their kids and you know all the people and
 And it is like the scariest scariest thing in the world site
 I've definitely been on that side of it and I'm praying and working my butt off to make sure that we don't have that happen during this
 You know for our team's during this crisis and hopefully as many people that we have a chance to work with
 At the same time, but it's definitely a scary thing and I remember
 Remember in the moment right cuz we were in these things during the moment and everything feels like it's right here
 And it's like it's stressful and pain and like all the things that are happening
 But man, it's just like I think almost every trial in life we get from God like when you look back on it later
 It's like oh that like that was so essential for me to go through because it shifted
 shifted something in me where I had become someone different I had become someone better
 I had to do something that it was uncomfortable
 But I was forced to do it because of whatever the thing would happen and because of that like everything great happened because of it afterwards
 I go look at just right now
 Between my wife my family and our company I give a wasn't for you know that
 You know for me the darkest most painful time of my life when we lost everything out of fire everything
 I had friends and family members walking out on me. I had like I
 Thought everything was crashing to the ashes if it wasn't for that that experience in that moment where I lost everything
 We wouldn't have had what we needed to create was become click funnels
 And it's had a chance to affect and touch so many people's lives
 And so I think I think it's important like while we're in the middle of the while
 We're in the middle of the pain of the stress or that you know
 Whatever all going through is to realize that like this this moment is like a refining process for all of us
 And like the thing that you're called to do this can happen on the other side of this like this is preparing you for now
 and so
 just understand that and and
 Kind of ride the wave as we go through this and yes
 Some people are going to lose jobs is houses lose like loved ones like there's there's pain and there's those those things
 but you know if we know anything from history and from time and from
 Just the way that God works with all of us like like if we if we endure through it
 And we were trying to become better through this process something amazing will happen on their side
 So anyway, that's why I keep looking forward to the hope and light on that side of it
 So maybe we caught up in the fear that that it freezes them
 It's like no if you can like don't get froze get them frozen go through the go through the this this refining process
 And it's something amazing is is it's gonna be happening on their side
 So anyway, yeah, and it's pretty cool Russell because you on the other side of it created click funnels
 Which is now a tool that we use and so many of our students use it's one of the
 Like one of the only tools that we recommend which is click funnels and a lot of people have questions about sales funnels
 And and a lot of that and we're gonna continue to tackle that through this challenge and I'm just gonna be honest guys
 Click funnels is the is the place that allows it to make it simple for an entrepreneur to take their stuff online
 Russell I obviously want to jam on this because listen
 I've created a lot of stuff and until I started getting traffic it didn't matter and the reason why this challenge has been so amazing
 We're gonna have a hundred thousand people most likely by midweek to end a week. That's called traffic
 That's traffic and there was nobody from the outside world
 That's promoted this and like my what I've learned from you and I say this all the time
 Russell and Ryan Dieser the two people that I've learned everything from which is why it was a no-brainer for them both to be here
 So I know we could jam on all of this I want to go
 I want to go the route you want to go
 But we have so many people that are trying to figure out what to do in the midst and I'm like
 Dude, this guy's a wealth of knowledge
 I want to jam wherever you want to go. So I want to shut up and just learn and take notes, bro
 I think one of the best start with is you know, it's interesting right now
 You know, I launched the book the book like launch today was the same day the government that president Trump told everybody to go home
 Which is like kind of weird thing and then I saw it. I mean all this has seen in real time what happens to a business
 When traffic dries up, right?
 like literally there are there are mom and pop shops all down the street here and
 People would like traffic are driving down the street. They see oh it's a restaurant
 They stop and they pull in and they walk in right and that's how they they live their business like the traffic was their life
 What I'm looking at traffic from like a literal like traffic driving past the storefront, right?
 That's the lifeblood of a business as soon as as soon as the quarantine has happened and traffic stopped what happened these businesses?
 Like they're dying like they're disappearing there like it's just it's the scariest thing and you look at any business like traffic is the lifeblood
 And I'm curious people who are listening right now in the in the comments like how many guys know that you got the best
 Product or service or idea or something in the world
 Yeah, and you see your competitors and your competitors are worse than you like they're not serving the customers the way that you would serve
 And you know that your solution your idea your product
 You're like whatever is your passion about you know can help more people than the competitors
 But all the competitors people are buying their products, right?
 And you're just driving you crazy trick man like I I feel like I have this calling I've been called to serve this group of people
 I can do it in a way that's unique to me that nobody else can do but for some reason I can't I can't get my message out in front of people
 And that's where so many people come to me. It's just like god like I know that I have something
 I just don't know how to get it out there
 And so you know what the worker to click for all this all about like building funnels to get your message out and learning how like tell your story in the right way
 And this last chapter we've been focusing on really heavily right now is traffic because it's the missing piece
 And I think that most people when they when they hear about traffic they think about oh, I need to run Facebook ads or I need to run Google ads
 The problem with that is that it's that's like a tactic like it is a strategy that works right now for a little while
 But it changes and for those guys who you've only been in business for you know at six months or year five even like even like ten years like last ten years
 It's been pretty good ever since Mark Zuckerberg came in man. I love Mark. He's made our lives so easy
 But I tell you what like I remember what happened when Google started and and it was really easy for me
 And then the first Google slot happened and then we had to shift our whole businesses around and have to people
 I do had businesses lost him when the first Google stop happened the ones that lasted the next Google stop happened next next wave got cut next wave got cut and
 And I start looking at right now we're in this with this window where Facebook and Instagram have been really easy
 But I know it's gonna be happening and it may be it may be Mark Zuckerberg comes in and changes rules
 I right now I can't tell you how many people are like losing their ads accounts or getting things shut down and they're freaking out
 Also, we have no idea with government regulations like what happens if if the government decides that Mark Zuckerberg's running
 You know, I'm an optimally which I mean who you know, we're gonna get some trouble for the next day to violation
 Whatever the thing is like he they they can they can disappear tomorrow for any of us
 And for most people listening if you do have a business
 You've probably built it on that one foundation and if you don't have a business yet
 It's scary to build them in one spot because that disappears
 Just like I saw happening Google over and over and over again like half of the entrepreneurs or more businesses will dry up and disappear overnight
 So my whole goal with this book was I'm not gonna teach people like the tactic of how to run a Facebook ad or Google ad
 I hope people understand strategically how traffic works because when you understand that
 It it supersedes any of those things
 So the way that I the way that when you guys have a chance to go through the book
 I kind of walk through the very first chapter is all about really understanding your dream customer and
 You know, P you kind of led with you know the fact that that
 You know, we're both have faith in God and I think we both have a very similar belief
 And I talk about this in the book like I believe that all of us entrepreneurs
 And business owners if you've ever felt that tug like I need to be doing something. I need to be helping someone
 Alex Sharfen calls with the call of contribution like you've heard that call contribution like I'm supposed to be doing something that pull like that is a
 literal calling from God I get as a blessing and I feel like
 Businesses always like businesses a blessing is a calling from God where it's like he's saying all right
 This is a group of people that you are called to serve
 You need to figure out how to help them to serve them whatever whatever capacity you can't and so for me
 Whatever reason I guess I was growing up in life
 I got obsessed with sales funnels and marketing and directory spike who know like why was I interested in that?
 I have no idea
 But now fast forward 15 years later
 It's like oh because that's your calling right Pete like how in the world like you're the guy who gets people on stage
 It's like why like why did that be like how do I put in your lap and why did all these these chain events happen?
 That made you the best in the world of that thing right doesn't make sense why happens until later you're like oh
 Because that's my calling I'm supposed to be helping people so if everyone listening to this
 There's been a chain of events of things that have happened in your life
 They're prepared you to be able to serve a group of people and so the first part of traffic is not how do I target?
 People between ages of 22 and 13 through Instagram right the first question is who is your dream customer?
 Who is that person you've been called to serve who you supposed to change their life?
 That's what I want to start because most people don't start there
 And that's the most important part about traffic because traffic is just humans just people like that like us right the first question is that and
 For all of you guys you need to understand that like at a deep a deep level deeper than just like oh yeah
 You know I'm helping women and helping men like know who like who does that person look like I got so obsessed with this that
 I remember I went into Google and I went to Google images
 I typed in all the phrases of my dream customer like what they did who would they what they look like?
 I how they like like all the stuff I could think of and it popped up always like Google images of faces
 And I was like that's my person like that's the person I want to serve and I took the picture
 I printed out and put it on my wall and I did one for a man and for women ahead
 I had at least on my wall forever
 I was like that's who I'm who I'm trying to serve like that's the level you need to get into so that you can start thinking like what they
 Think what what they're excited by what they're passionate about
 Okay, because if you're gonna serve them you need to know them even more intimately than they know themselves
 That's number one
 Then number two the coolest thing about the internet is that people the internet gives all of us the ability to group together
 Based on similar beliefs and values and things that work cited by right?
 So if all you guys listening start thinking start thinking about this in your own life
 Like like where the where the places on the internet you congregate right now, right?
 So I start thinking about like when things are important to me, right?
 Like I'm very passionate about business
 So I like I hang out different business blogs and forums and groups and podcasts and right
 I'm also interested in like biohacking so I listen to all the biohacking podcasts
 I'm listening
 I'm plugged into all the biohacking blogs like I have these communities of people that that are excited about same things
 I am right and so I congregate in different spots
 I guarantee for all of you guys you have the same thing right?
 You're congregating different different different groups based on the stuff you're excited by so the first question is who is your dream customer?
 The second question is where are they congregating?
 Okay, it's a simple question, but we start thinking about that it opens up this whole new world of traffic to you
 It's not just like I'm gonna target them on Instagram for you know, whatever it's it's oh my gosh
 Here's the 30 top blogs that all of them are reading this blog's got 300,000 readers a month
 This one's got a hundred thousand
 It's got a million years and these are the blogs they're reading and the second phase then is like okay
 Well, what podcasts they listen to you can literally it's so funny people like what's your biggest traffic strategy? I might get your phone out
 Open up the podcasting up. So if you got a fusing apple
 There's a free podcasting up everyone's got it and apple actually categorize the top podcast in the world
 So it's cool as you go to you go to browse and you scroll down where it says it says top shows and then right here
 Next top shows it says says see all you click see all and you click on the very top
 So all categories it shows you all the different categories that there's podcasts in right?
 So I scroll through here and say oh there's a health and fitness kids leisure music business education
 It's like religion and spirituality. Here's all these these congregations of people
 So let's say I have a product that helps kids and families like click on it
 What's crazy is this is gonna show me the top 200 kids and family podcasts in the world
 Yeah, I get people all time like if I could just get on the Ellen show
 I'd be rich if I could get on a good morning America with my product
 I'd be rich it's like you understand like people aren't watching the TVs anymore
 They're they're plugging into these things right here, right?
 And so I right now braid on science podcast for kids. I don't know what that is number one podcast
 I bet you it gets more downloads per month than any TV show right now
 Which means if you can get your product your service on that podcast because you figure out like where are my people congregating?
 They're congregating on this podcast and that one and that one and that one and like all these different podcasts
 There's 200 places your dream customers are congregating plugging into their ears and listening to in the most intimate moments
 Right and like there's 200 places I get traffic that aren't faced with the Zuckerberg shuts down my account
 I can still go here and I can get traffic from podcasts and the same thing is true in blogging and in YouTube
 And like there's so many places that your dream customers are congregating and if you really understand who they are
 It's not hard to figure out where they where they actually at and so that's kind of how we shift traffic up
 The mindset the shift is just instead of like how do I target somebody?
 It's it's a bigger thing of like who is my customer?
 Where are they congregating and then start making lists?
 I literally have lists in my office like here's all the YouTube channels my dream customers are watching
 Here's all of the Instagram influencers are following
 Here's all the YouTube you know and I go through with these huge lists of people that we then figure out whether that yes
 That's so good like guys he just gave you one traffic strategy right now that literally will help all of you win
 If you're serious about getting your stuff out to the market and this is what I think when I'm hearing this Russell two things
 Number one I think of this idea a lot of people say Pete you're the stage guys so you must be terribly hit right now
 No
 Because I talk about 11 digital stages and 11 physical stages
 We have 22 stages that we go after so I'm having to lean more into the digital stage bucket
 What Russell's teaching you right now is like a portfolio of traffic everybody thinks Google or Facebook and they're good right now
 Trust me. This is the cheapest that we've ever gotten leads on Facebook in the history of me running ads Russell
 But that's not the only sources where we have traffic Russell's teaching you a whole portfolio
 And obviously he's dialing into a few but you got to have a portfolio of traffic
 I believe this book right now for Russell for people is a lifeline to what's going on in this world right now
 So bro, that's just bombs keep going man. They're loving it dude. They're blowing the comments up over here. Oh very cool
 Okay, no, I want to I want to I'll tell a story that kind of illustrates
 This is well
 so you can see in the real world because sometimes I doesn't make sense Russell's podcast now. What do I do and
 So right now obviously, I don't know if every I think mostly everybody in the world's in quarantine right now
 Right or some version of it some people are it's like you can't leave your house
 I'm just like please state your house. So for us with my kids. I got five kids
 So that's a lot of kids for anyone who doesn't who doesn't know and I love them
 But it's it's a lot and and so every night right what do we do something fun together as a family?
 So we started watching all the Marvel movies from very beginning in chronological order
 So Captain America Captain Marvel and so on and so forth right we're watching them all in order and
 I'm really excited because when we're talking to the end of it
 We're halfway through right now. We get to the end of it
 The next Marvel movie coming out. I was even know what it is by the way. What is the next Marvel movie coming out?
 Pete you don't know I'm her Pete this
 The new one okay, so the new one coming out is black widow
 So that's the next one coming out
 I'm supposed to not me but it got bumps the quarantine till November which makes me sad
 But I can still I can still use the story go straight my pit my point so
 Think about this. We see this all the time happening in Hollywood
 Yeah, for some reason with our internet businesses think it's different right but think about when when black widow starts coming out
 What is holly? We're gonna do okay? They're gonna go and they're the same thing I talked about like who's the dream customers?
 Where are they congregating right and the first thing Hollywood's gonna do is they're gonna go in the room bag
 They're gonna buy ads these places right so they're gonna run ads on TV
 So you see they're paying for ads on TV
 They're gonna go to actual movie theaters where people are sitting in the theater and say hey people who go to movie theaters
 Like to go to movie theater
 So they're gonna buy all the trailers before the movies and to pitching pitching when black widow is coming out right
 And so they're gonna be paying they're gonna find all the congregations
 They're gonna buy their way in and then about a week before the opening premiere
 What they're gonna do is they're gonna say okay the people they're gonna come to the event where that where their eyeballs out
 Where are they hanging out and they'll look okay?
 They're gonna be watching the today show and it's a nice show and and good morning America and
 Jimmy Fallon and Jimmy the other Jimmy and I like I don't even know I don't watch enough TV to know but all the talk shows
 Right and you'll start seeing a week before the movie comes out
 Scarlett Johansson is gonna come out. We all have Scarlett Johansson here our family
 She's gonna come out and she's got every single show and she's gonna tell them
 She's gonna be on the show
 And then she's gonna show them a little clip from the video and the day this you know this weekend's opening
 I make she can they're gonna help us you know
 sell the theaters and and she's gonna push and she's gonna be working her way it okay, so
 So all the make Marvel or Disney whatever they're buying their way and they're buying ads always places
 But then the second half is they're working their way and they're having Scarlett Johansson wherever the actresses or the actor go and be in
 All these different shows telling their story getting people excited and getting them to come to show
 So they're buying their way in and they're working their way in you see with every movie every new seat every album that comes out every
 Like this is what Hollywood does over and over and over again. So right now like
 I'm in the middle of my book launch and same thing I did right like I launched my book and now I'm buying ads everywhere
 My guess if you've ever seen my face once in your entire life or you heard my name now
 My ads are popping up everywhere and you're probably sick and tired of me because I'm buying my way and everywhere
 But at the same time I'm doing the same thing I'm talking about I went to every single podcast in the business directory and I'm working my way
 And I've done I think 50-plus podcast interviews in the last like week and a half two weeks
 I've done you Facebook live every single person got a Facebook channel. I've been doing interviews there
 I'm working my way and I'm going to every blogger and work with them on blog articles like I'm I'm working my way to all these channels
 So I'm buying my way and I'm working my way and right now we're sitting here live with thousands of people watching like I'm working my way
 I'm here. He didn't pay me to be here. I know I'm paying him to be here. I'm coming. I'm working
 I'm serving I'm giving a hoping and hopefully from the end of it you guys are like I need to get that book
 That sounds amazing, right? Just like at the end of the movie Scarlett Johansson's like I hope they come to watch the movie this weekend
 Right and so for any of you guys who have a product your service start looking at it through this lens of like it's not
 Just targeting on Facebook. I go do that
 But it's like okay
 Where all the places my dream customers are at and I need to figure out how can I buy my way in and how can I work my way in?
 And and sometimes you can do both as well. Sometimes you can't like for example one of the podcast
 Jenna Coocher's got the gold digger podcast, which is a huge podcast and I was like I want to be on a podcast
 But guess what she only interviews women on the podcast. So I'm like I can't unless I I don't know
 It's not gonna be easy to get on her podcast
 But so I can't work my way in but guess what I can do I can buy ads on it
 So we pay her to run ads selling my book on her podcast
 So I'm I'm working my way. I'm buying my way and so I'm looking at all these different congregations everywhere
 How can I work my way and how can I buy my way? I find some of the big blog with 500,000 readers?
 Okay, here's this huge blog
 Can I can I buy ads on it? Can I buy banner ad?
 Can I work my way? Can I do a guest post like how can I get access to this huge source in this huge stream of traffic and
 when you do that unlocks
 thousands of customers for you oftentimes and
 So I think I think we got to get I think we got to get your lovely wife on Jenna's podcast
 That's what I think
 I started my women's brand here and this is how I'm getting traffic
 Dude, this is so good like people are lightening it up keep going man. I mean keep dropping it
 He has everywhere everywhere
 Yes, and you should see I mean Facebook has lightened it up over here too. So oh very cool
 So much if I love this game if yes can't tell it's so much fun. Okay, I'll give the next step of the strategy
 I don't have no idea how long she'll be going for but you cool if I give the next step cuz next steps like
 Dude, we've got 15 minutes here. I mean we got literally technically 30 minutes left, but we go
 There's no there's no wedding happening after this we should know wedding kicked out of the ballroom. Okay, so okay
 We come back who's your dream customer? Where they congregating? How do I work my way and buy my way in the next thing to think about?
 This is an extra strategic level
 Is let's say I find this blog and it's got 500,000 readers, right? So I'm figuring how do I how do I?
 How do I get access to all the people in there?
 The one step above that is a concept I talked about in chapter two here is called the dream 100 and I learned initially from my friends
 Then chat homes he passed away a few years ago
 but he had this concept called the dream 100 and
 The way that he uses dream 100 is a little bit different than how I use it
 But what he would do is he had a bunch of like fortune 500 companies
 He wanted to get so he made the list of like the top hundred companies and he would build the strategic
 Marketing campaign where every single week he was marketing to directly to these hundred customers
 He told me that I was like, that's cool. That's cool
 But like I don't know how to use that because I sell books I sell software
 I don't I don't have I can't spend a bunch of money
 I can't spend $500 or $1000 to get to get from to buy a book
 So I'll go broke really fast and then I start looking at through different lens
 I said wait a minute
 What if I look at like the 200 podcasters that have these podcasts and the let's say the the hundred blogs that I know in my market in the
 100 YouTube channels the hundred Instagram influencers my mark
 What if I took that and those became my dream 100 and instead of just just spending all my time marketing to the
 Followings of those people which I will I'm still gonna buy ads and stuff
 But what if I spent more money marketing to the to the person who controls that blog or that podcast or whatever that is and
 And so I'm gonna try it. So I went and I made it. I call the dream 100 list those. Yes, you get a copy of the book on page
 I think it's 40
 Case 41. Yeah page 41. I've got graph of great how I do it
 So if you're watching the video Kessy, this is the graphic right here, but basically it's Facebook and the top of the cross is Facebook Instagram
 Podcast YouTube even if you have like the list of different platforms and down below is a list
 I'm like hey
 Who's all the people on Facebook who already have my dream customers and make a whole list of those people and who are all the
 Instagram people I make a list of them and who are all the podcasters
 So my time is done. I have a list of like 50 or 100 or 500 that you have any you want but can we call us the dream 100?
 So now I say okay, what if I what if I spend some time or money marketing to those hundred people what could possibly happen?
 So I did my very first book about six years ago
 It's called this first place called dot-com secrets when I was launching out
 I didn't have a big list of customers at the time. I was like, okay
 I need to figure this out. So I did exactly I'm telling you I build the dream 100 list
 I had I don't know hundred
 Podcasters I had my list of all the people and I sent out a free copy of the book to all of these people
 I think I'm going to like three or four hundred from people I say here's copy my book
 If you like it, I'd love to be on your podcast or on your show or whatever and just send it to people and
 And I send it out there and then nothing happened for a little bit and then probably a week or two later
 I got my first call back and it was from a guy named John Lee Dumas from entrepreneur of fire and GLD is like
 And I never met him before since this is how I met GLD is I sent him a copy my book in the mail because he had a podcast in
 The top 200 podcasts in the podcast directory and he messes him back. He's like Russell I read your book
 This is really really good. I was like cool dude
 And he's like do you want to be on my podcast and we can I can interview about the at the book?
 I was like heck yeah, do let's do it
 So I jump on a podcast he reads now the book a little while later the podcast goes live and from that one interview alone
 We end up selling over 500 copies of the book
 And I was from one person now GLD wasn't the only person said yes from that I got 30 or 40 people that messaged me back
 And we started doing this thing all over the place and that's how we end up selling
 100,000 plus copies of the book was by doing the stream 100 strategy
 It wasn't me targeting the audience. I mean we did we targeted the audience sold ads
 But it was when the gatekeeper the person who owned the traffic said yes that one yes
 It turns into 500 customers or thousand customers or more and that's the magic people all the time who tell me that like I
 My I asked mother traffic strategy is like Facebook. I'm like, okay
 So Mark Zuckerberg is one person on your dream 100 like you you've got one you need 99 more because if Mark decides is like you one day
 Your business is done like it's so it's game over
 So look at look at Facebook as one of your dream 100 Mark Zuckerberg is one person and 99 more and that's what started looking at traffic
 And I start figuring out how do I how do I work my way and how do I get to know these people?
 How do I build relationships and as you get to know people it opens up these huge doors
 We're now again one person like a JLD does a podcast interview to sell us 500 books one person gets you on their podcast
 Talking about your new kids course or your new you know the kid product you have coming out and you're on kid podcast boom
 You sell thousand thousand of them overnight like that's the magic of really understanding how this online traffic stuff works
 Hey guys, the one nugget I've gotten from Russell today a ton
 But the one I always look for the one I can implement Russell. That's what I'm like God
 Which one can I implement right away? I'm doing dream 100 wrong?
 I gotta do it like this like if I can do dream 100 like this now dude if Facebook shuts down
 I'm cool. I might see a little bit of drop off, but if this shuts down
 It's kind of like a multi units like if you lose one renter
 You're okay because you still got 99 under other renters out there that are still paying
 That's how Russell is making it. It's like a paradigm shift in my mind
 It's one of the biggest misconceptions is they won't let me on their channel of traffic
 Russell will you tackle that for a quick second because do you want rut?
 I mean live like JLD didn't know you but like will you tackle that for all of them like I'm not a big name
 I'm not known. I would love for you to tackle that. Yeah
 I think what's important or says people care less about then
 I mean, yeah, they want the big name on a show
 But for most part people have their own podcasts or shows or blogs like they're looking for content
 They're craving for content and what's more interesting to them more so than a name is a hook
 What's the hook? What's the story gonna be about? So if you say I'm gonna come on your on your show and you can interview me about how great
 I am it like that's tough unless you're like the greatest person in the world like that's not gonna be a big thing
 Even me to this day like I don't pitch do you want to interview Russell Brunson whatever that means like I'm I'm just like
 I'm 11 year old kid sitting in my house right now like it's not that important or that that cool
 What's cool is I coming with the hook like okay?
 I've got a really cool message I can share this is what it is
 This is why I'd be awesome your audience and I pitch it to him
 Just like if I was gonna pitch TV 5 is ready on the album show
 I pitch him a show concept right so I'm coming with something like that and that's what hooks them
 They care more about the hook because that's just gonna get listeners and buy viewers and eyeballs for them, right?
 We always make fun of all of the clickbait sites that just do all the clickbait stuff
 Those companies make insane amounts of money and they don't even care if the story is true or false
 They couldn't care less. They're just looking for the story
 It's gonna like hook people's attention to get in the come to read so people click on ads
 Which is unethical and immoral and you shouldn't do that
 But I'm saying it's like that's the power of like what media cares about is they care about a story
 That's the most important thing so you're coming to them saying what's your story?
 What's something you can share with their audience?
 It's unique they care more about the story than about the name the brand most people like even if they know who I am like
 Their audience doesn't know or care who I am they do care if I can come say look during times economic downturn
 If you Facebook out got shut down things like that
 I got a different way to look at traffic black to make it easier to get traffic right now than ever possible
 And they're like oh my gosh my people are struggling right now traffic like it opens up that gate
 So just looking at the story you have that ties back to your product your service
 Just like if you're trying to pitch it to get on again like traditional media that they show like you always got to go pitch in my show
 They don't care who you are they just care about the story that they can they can throw because that's what that's what gives people to send their podcasts
 Or read their blog or whatever the thing is that's what they really want. So that's what you're offering them
 Yeah, I love that. So I'm stoked about this
 We're also kind of I don't know if there's another step or two or if you want to bring it full circle. I'm I'm ears now
 Yes, okay, I'll throw in I'll throw in one more thing
 And this is kind of goes back to your question. He was asked like well
 How do I get in with my dream 100? How do I get to know then?
 It's the question always like what do I have to offer my dream 100 like I'm a nobody like what do I have like
 It's gonna get there like how do I serve them?
 How do I get them to even want to know who I am?
 And so I want to tell you guys the most powerful thing that you have that you can offer your dream 100 is a platform, right?
 I look at just just for example look at everybody who Pete has had on this this this this live series
 Which is insane like he's had billionaires is that people like like it's crazy
 I'm like what is Pete have to offer everybody that's unique?
 Like why did they return his call? Why did they show up?
 It's because Pete has a platform, right?
 Pete say hey, I'm gonna do a thing and you might have 3,500 people live watching like that's a platform that anybody
 It's crazy. No, it's like jump to try to get access to right and so I'll tell you guys a story that they will illustrate this
 How many guys remember back in the the early or maybe late 80s early 90s?
 There was a TV show late night TV show with our cineol Hall
 How many guys remember our cineol Hall if you do everyone do this right now while you're sitting home
 Because we all yes say and for everyone doesn't know our cineol Hall is like what is Russell doing?
 So it's late. I talk show. He was like the man. He had the best talk show in fact
 It was so big though when president Clinton was running for president
 Our cineol Hall called him up. He's like hey, man
 You want to perform on the show and he's like yes
 He came on the show he played heartbreak hotel on his saxophone and many people credit that the fact that he was on our cineol Hall
 Show playing the saxophone to the reason why he won the presidential candidate
 presidential
 Became president was because of because he was on that show
 It said it swayed so many of the minority and the younger voters that he wouldn't have gotten yet otherwise
 Then now fast forward two years later our cineol Hall show gets canceled off the air gone and nobody hears Marcy
 New Hall again for decades the guys off the radar for all we know he died and then one day I think it was
 It was 2002 I believe during celebrity prejudice
 They have all these celebrity these washed up celebrities that come back on the show typically and celebrity princess is there and one of the contestants is
 Our cineol Hall and I'm watching I'm like that's our cineol Hall
 He was the man like what happened to that guy and I had no idea and then fast forward
 I think it was like three or four episodes in they were doing this fundraising gig where I go out
 I have to go back to go raise funds and so all the celebrities are calling the rich buddies and trying to get money and
 You some guys raise like like a couple million dollars for charity other people like 500,000 every single one of the celebrities raise some money for charity
 except for one person our
 Cineol he raised exactly zero dollars an entire day
 You see him on the phone call his phone book
 He's calling every single person and right before he goes in the boardroom
 There's this little window of time where they interview him and he says this quote that like I'm sure most people didn't hear
 But like when he said it and I just hit me he said man when I had my own show everybody returned my call
 I was like oh
 You see the power in that when he had his own show even the future most powerful man on the earth
 President the United States came on a show because he had a platform platform disappears. No one will return his call
 So that's for you all of us to understand like do you have a platform yet?
 If not like that is the key that's how you infiltrate your dream 100
 That's how I got Tony Robbins to return my call it
 So I've been able to the other people to turn my column out because I'm this cool like Russell so awesome
 No, they don't care about that. I have a platform that I can offer them
 That's the thing you have a value
 So if you don't have a platform yet now was the time to start building one and I don't care if it's on YouTube or Instagram or podcast
 Like if you're a blogger like it doesn't matter where figure out which modality you like the most if you like writing go
 Start a blog if you like video start a YouTube channel if you like
 Podcasting start a podcast I pick up which everyone you want and double that and start building your show because if you don't have a platform
 It gets really hard to get people to return your call
 But when you do have one everyone return your call and that's really the power of how you infiltrate the dream 100
 Is you giving them access to your platform? So all of you guys you need to start working on that start building it?
 Even if you're like I don't want to I don't want to in fact some of the day who got a copy of the books like if I get this book
 But to become like Gary Vaynerchuk and do 5,000 videos a day
 I'm like no you don't but you need to be publishing somewhere like it's not the only thing you have to have traffic
 But man, it makes so many things easier when you when you have a platform
 And so that's kind of the the last thing I want to share is just man
 Everyone of you guys start thinking how can I my own platform because I want to make sure that when I pick up the phone to call the influence
 Or my industry or the podcast I want to be on whatever and I've got some value that I can offer him and the thing in value
 You have for people is access to your own platform. Dude. I love that Russell. Um a lot of you're like
 What's a funnel Russell? Maybe you can just tackle that for two minutes like to help like I know
 70% might know what it is 30% don't understand funnel. It's been said a lot this week
 Can the guru the master of funnels? Can you give us the elementary funnel?
 Explanation of what a funnel is so people know what to build in their business. I know that's a big topic
 But I'm sure you know it's a minute answer
 It's tough because there are so many different types of funnels there's funnels to generate leads there's funnels to sell products
 There's funnels to live events like there's different funnels for different things
 But basically a funnel is a step-by-step sales process
 So you can tell it's a funnel because usually each step in the process only asks you to do one thing unlike
 Like a Shopify stores like 8,000 things you can order a funnel always is like each page has one specific called actually
 Give me your email address and you do that next page like watch this video and I want you to buy this thing
 And the next page is like here's an upsell
 So it's taking you through a step-by-step simple sales process
 And by doing that two things happen number one you increase how much money you get from every single person who comes in
 Like every all the traffic each person that comes into your funnel
 You'll make more money from them and second off it actually gives them a better experience as well
 When they go through a funnel they're not being bombarded like all these options opportunities
 It's just like step-by-step like here's the first thing you need the second thing the third thing and you take them down a path of success
 And so it's it makes more money for the person who owns a funnel and makes a better experience for the person who's going through the funnel as well
 So that's a basic
 Do that for years on this I know here Russell. Thank you so much, bro. I appreciate it, man
 Thank you, man. That's fun
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel way from something some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand
 The strategy. I hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
