 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson. Welcome back to Marketing Secrets.
 This is the day after the mastermind. I've got a whole bunch of secrets to share with you guys.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right everyone, so
 Inter-circle mastermind just ended. We have been going basically at eight days in a circle mastermind meetings.
 It's a week break. So I had group one came
 Monday Tuesday group 25 entrepreneurs on Wednesday Thursday and then a week off the Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday.
 So four groups of 100 four groups between five equals 100 entrepreneurs and their major circle.
 And it's a cool group because it's interesting watching out everybody within this group.
 Every year if you're everyone keeps growing together and people first came in and while
 let's make everyone's trying to get their businesses launched.
 Now it's like everyone is at the point where they're doing, you know, like last last set of meetings.
 Everyone was doing like 30 to 50 grand a month and this set of meetings.
 Everyone's doing like 100 to 200 grand a month.
 Like everyone together as a group is just keeps leveling up.
 We've had a couple of members break a million dollar a month mark and everyone else like that's what they're gunning for.
 It's just so inspiring and so cool to watch what's happening.
 And the businesses and industries are so different.
 We have everyone from
 trying to book a doctor Wiebel,
 Pamela Wiebel, who is helping doctors who commit suicide,
 helping them to not commit suicide and literally saving lives to people teaching
 business to teaching dentists to teaching.
 I just and everything in between like so many just amazing people.
 In fact, I've got from this meeting, those who watch the video, these are my two notebooks.
 One, we got completely filled up and one got halfway filled up.
 Like that's a lot for for one set of meetings.
 So anyway, it's amazing.
 Now obviously I can't share everything because it would take eight days, but there were
 there's so many cool things.
 So I was going to share just a couple things I'm flipping through here.
 Maybe the next few weeks I'll share just other cool thoughts and ideas.
 So as I'm flipping through my page, just some things I jotted down.
 They were so, so powerful.
 One of them is from Alison Prince, who she was talking about with her course that she celebrates
 the people in her community.
 And she says that when she wins, they celebrate me because I celebrate them.
 I thought, how cool is that?
 Because as you as your fine, more success, she has probably noticed this that people around you,
 like you think that everyone would be happy for you, but instead it's usually the opposite
 where they're like, they're not happy and it's just weird kind of under me.
 Like you should be happy for me.
 Like I'm like, I'm having success.
 But when you're depressed, everyone like, oh me too come and like everyone loves you.
 But when you have success, usually people aren't happy and it's weird.
 And so it's kind of cool.
 Like within your communities, as you celebrate their success, they celebrate yours.
 And so it gives you a spot to be able to like talk like your wins and get people to celebrate with you.
 So that's kind of fun.
 What else?
 Oh, so many cool things.
 One thing all from Alex and Layla, they were talking about in their ads,
 but they actually say what they're really feeling.
 Most of us write ads, and we're trying to be all postured like,
 number one top secret, blah, blah, blah, and it was cool.
 They talked about in their ads that they literally said, hey, I feel like a cheesy person,
 writing an ad, but I need this message out to you.
 And like I'm not going to, you know, like, and like you're probably thinking this right now,
 but I want to make sure that you and just kind of like breaking down
 those barriers in the ad because like it's an ad and people know it's an ad.
 Instead of like being an ad, like actually having fun with it.
 And if you saw what their acquisition costs were, like it works really, really good.
 Oh, another cool thing was a lot of times we talk about, you know,
 a company like setting KPIs, right?
 So key performance indicators, like things like that.
 But one thing that Alex Sharfen said, they said that everyone,
 he said, if you look at a sports team, there's two things they all have, right?
 That's a football team.
 Like like, what are your goals?
 Like my goal, win the Super Bowl and be in the Hall of Fame.
 So it's like, there's a Super Bowl goal, which is like their goal.
 And then there's like the legacy goal, which is the Hall of Fame.
 So it's cool.
 We talked about like for your company, like what's your Super Bowl goal,
 and what's like your Hall of Fame goal.
 And then also within your organization, like working with your team members,
 like what's their Super Bowl?
 Like what's like, what's the win for your company?
 They know what it is.
 I don't think my team knows.
 I haven't really scheduled like this is our goal is to like,
 this is how we get to the Super Bowl.
 It hasn't ever been defined as like, this is the thing.
 And this is how we get in the Hall of Fame.
 And I think now that like, that's the thing in my head,
 I'm like, I'm so excited.
 Like, I figure like, what's our company's Super Bowl goal,
 and what's our Hall of Fame goal?
 And then when you have those, like it becomes more, more clear, more tangible.
 David Derrick's awesome talking about a bunch of stuff.
 One of the things you wrote a new book called the Dream 100,
 which is the big concept that none of us ever,
 again, I talk about all time and nobody ever does it.
 And my quote at the top says, this is a foundation for our entire company.
 If you haven't been Dream 100 yet, it's time to start.
 Go back and listen to any of my stuff on Dream 100,
 but that's how we built, so we figured out what our market was,
 what our blue ocean was, how we figured out where customer,
 like everything we've done is based on the Dream 100 concept.
 So many good things here, I don't even know where to.
 All this is one.
 So Brian Bowman, such a stud, he had a really cool, like emotional presentation.
 And he talked about how he was doing, like he was working hard and moving forward
 and getting things done.
 And he had a coach, he was one of Garrett White's coaches, one of the Warrior Week coaches.
 And he asked like, we know what your target's like, this is what I'm going for.
 And then he asked him, said, are you operating with a sense of urgency?
 And Brian, like while he'd been working hard and hustling all the things,
 he's like, am I operating with a sense of urgency?
 And I don't have permission to tell his stories behind what and how,
 but as soon as he had that thought in his mind, like everything shifted for him.
 Like he went and like instead of like just moving things towards a goal,
 he's like, I gotta act like I need to operate with a sense of urgency.
 I think how many times have lasted like, yeah, we're working forward,
 we're moving towards things, like I'm going to launch my product,
 some damn right in my book, I'm blah, blah, blah, blah, whatever,
 I think it's right.
 But it's like, okay, that's good, but are you operating with a sense of urgency?
 Like, is this doing, like when is this, this is the urgent?
 If it's not urgent, you're never going to do it.
 So are you operating with a sense of urgency?
 And like, I think that was just so powerful.
 Like how many times do we not do that?
 How many times are we just kind of wandering, doing our thing?
 And it's not urgent.
 It's because of that day's turned into weeks, weeks turned into months,
 months, turns into years, sometimes we never get it what we're accomplished.
 You know, I think one of the big reasons why we've had so much success,
 quick phones is because we do operate with a sense of urgency.
 Like I'm always stressing out, which maybe it's to my downfall.
 It's also makes me tired all the time, but I think it's interesting like operating
 a sense of urgency, having that as a thing that we are thinking through all the time.
 Oh, so many good things.
 What else, what else?
 Natalie Hochtsen talking about the power of vulnerability,
 how vulnerability is the ultimate human connector.
 You know, so many of us, like we try to be postured and perfect.
 And that's why because we're trying to get connection,
 we think people want to see us perfect.
 And instead, like actually pushes people away.
 And how vulnerability is the big secret.
 And it's interesting, you know, she, Natalie, just joined in her circle,
 but she can do our FAD event in February.
 So it's that five or six months ago.
 And she was telling the story she, she was creating,
 she's in the way, the weight loss fitness market.
 She was out, she was working out live on like live streaming,
 Facebook live, whatever.
 And she didn't work out.
 And she's, you know, she's mom.
 She's had two kids.
 And during her workout, she wet herself on camera live in front of the entire world.
 And like how embarrassing it was.
 And obviously that's embarrassing thing when most people would never talk about it again.
 They would leave the video and they'd run away from it.
 But instead she realized like, hey, I'm, if I'm struggling with this,
 I bet other people probably are too.
 And maybe I can help them.
 And she found, she found a business partner, you know,
 a content person who that's specialized in is like helping women to
 strengthen their pelvic floor so that you don't have those issues.
 And she created a $37 book teaching the process.
 And she put it out there.
 And on a sales page, she's got pictures of her on a live stream with Pete Panance
 in front of the entire world.
 And she talked about this problem that she has and she knows all the other women have.
 Anyway, from February till now, she sold 50,000 copies of a $37 book.
 So over a million dollars in sales.
 And I think how many women is life she's been able to fight
 because she didn't post herself and come off perfect all the time
 because she was willing to be vulnerable.
 And it's just such a powerful thing.
 I look at the times in my life that I've gotten real connection to my audience.
 It's not when I've been like sharing the highlight reel like we like to do.
 I think what's good to do is sometimes like to touch on a high reel like,
 hey, I'm awesome to just make sure you know this, but let me tell you the truth.
 And then break it down.
 And that was been a theme.
 In fact, the third day in a circle group, I think I've never seen so many tears in a
 mastermind group in my life.
 The girls were crying.
 The men were crying.
 Everyone was crying.
 But because people actually got vulnerable and shared and that's been a big theme
 of the inner circle.
 Like you got other masterminds and people are sharing the highlight reel
 and bragging about stuff worth.
 It's like everyone has a chance to like share it.
 Here's what we're doing.
 Awesome.
 But let me get vulnerable and make sure I think what's actually happening.
 And then we work at that level.
 And it's just it's different and it's interesting and it causes real actual change.
 So anyway, it was amazing.
 I wish I could take all of you guys along on these journeys.
 But a lot of our inner circle members are going to be speaking at Final Hiking Live.
 The sales page of Final Hiking Live will be going live next week.
 It's at funlhikinglive.com.
 And you have a chance to hear now.
 These are going to talk about the power vulnerability,
 lives of their people.
 I pick our speakers.
 For the most part from inner circle members,
 they have a chance to see them present here.
 In my office a couple of times a year, I get to know them intimately.
 I understand their business, I understand where it fits with what I want to share with
 their audience.
 And so a lot of them will be speaking at this.
 And so yeah, if you don't have tickets yet, when they go live next week, get them.
 We presold out over a thousand tickets.
 I don't even know how many left, not a lot.
 So if you want to be there, if you know you need to be there and you do,
 like now is the time.
 Like FinalHikingLive.com, get on the waiting list and then wait.
 My guess is probably Tuesday it'll go live.
 So by the time you hear this, maybe live.
 But make the effort to be there.
 It'll be worth it.
 I promise you, it'll change your life forever.
 It's going to be a lot of fun.
 So yeah, that's basically the best spot to get the actual highlights of your
 FinalHikingLive.
 And so, and with that said, you guys appreciate you.
 Thanks so much for listening in today, the podcast.
 And we'll talk to you as you can soon.
 Bye everybody.
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets.
 And you can get a free copy at expertsecrets.com.
 And book number two is called .com Secrets.
 And you can get your free copy at .comsecrets.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used
 to become the fastest growing non-VC backed,
 SaaS startup company in the world.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
