 What's up everybody this Russell Bronson welcome back the marketing secret show. I hope you guys are excited for today
 We have a special guest and I rarely if ever brought on special guests to the show
 But as we are getting closer and closer to the traffic seekers launch
 I thought it'd be fun to bring on Joe Marfolio who is the guy in our team who does all of our YouTube stuff
 and so we we're calling these tales of a funnel hacker and
 And Joe's episode is gonna be walking us through some of the stuff that we're doing to grow our YouTube channel
 and are following some things that they didn't make sense to me like cutting out our amazingly designed intros and
 Making thumbnails that look goofy because they increased viewership and and and a whole bunch of other stuff
 He literally took one of our videos had like less than a thousand views edited a couple things and boosted it to over a hundred thousand views with
 No ad spent and so these are the kind of things he'll be talking about on today's episode
 So I'm gonna cube the theme song and we come back. You just have a chance to meet my friend Joe Marfolio
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Joe Marfolio Joe, how are you doing man?
 What's happening
 Hey, glad to be here. Thank you for that awesome intro
 Yes, man. This is the first time we've done a live interview on the show before which is that which is really exciting
 And I love you. Yeah, your funnel hack is shit on then all your two comma club awards in the back so
 That's it man. I'm just waiting for the
 The two comma club X to come in the mail to kind of even out the set so it's gonna be awesome
 Yep, Joe just won one last last week you guys a funnel like a life. He got one which is pretty cool. So
 Alright, so obviously we don't have a ton of time
 But I got a lot of questions for you
 So inside of the traffic secrets book is the whole chapter on YouTube traffic and most of it
 I pulled from you because you are the guy who on our team is doing all of our YouTube doing all the stuff and
 And you've done such an amazing job. And so most of the things are are there from you. So
 This is kind of to tease people a little about what's happening inside the book
 But also just get them to know you and understand more about YouTube. So why is YouTube do you think?
 Different than all the other platforms that are that are out there you got Instagram Facebook
 Twitter TikTok all the stuff like why is YouTube like why are you so passionate about YouTube?
 You know so like yeah, you have Facebook Instagram and I see a lot of people like it's very
 It's sometimes easier for them to build a big following on Facebook or Instagram
 they kind of go to YouTube and they struggle a little bit and
 It's because YouTube isn't just a social media platform
 It is a social media platform, but it's also a search engine where people are searching for certain
 You know certain topics. Maybe that searching how to do something, but you know, so so we have to do it with YouTube is
 not only put up content that's
 Engaging that people want to watch that has value but you also have to add kind of a story element to it and
 The one thing that you don't want to do and I see people do this is kind of repurpose your content
 Like say you have content you put up Facebook and then Instagram or podcast and you like
 You know and then you distribute to all these different channels if you put it on YouTube a lot of times
 You're gonna find it. It's not gonna get that much traction
 Think about YouTube like this like when you watch YouTube yourself like if you guys are out there and you're watching YouTube
 You know, why do you subscribe to a certain channel? You're gonna subscribe right?
 Maybe you know, they're showing you how to make money online or how to grow your Instagram
 Um, right, but there's a ton of videos on there that talk about like how to grow your Instagram channel
 But it's like what makes you?
 Subscribing want to watch some light. It's going to be their personality. It's gonna be the way they engage with you and it's going to be
 um, the way the content comes across so
 What I would say for YouTube the difference is is treat YouTube
 Like it's its own thing make videos just for youtube and try to approach it not as a marketer
 But as a creator not that you're going to sell anything but that you're going to like build your audience and you're following
 Yeah, one of my favorite things about youtube too is uh, and I talked about us in the book a little bit like every
 Every social platform like to say we do a facebook live like we're doing right now
 It's happening and then like it'll drop it'll be here for the next couple of days
 And it'll drop down the news feed and eventually just disappears. Nobody will ever see it again
 Whereas youtube is like the only platform where you create something and then it grows over time because it's not just social
 Like I said social and it's search and that's why it's so different like it's it's different because you create something if you create it the right way
 Um, then it sits there and it grows throughout time as opposed to everything else which seems to diminish over time
 And so it gives at least someone for me who's who's creating stuff?
 It gives me more incentive to create substance nice because it lasts beyond the moment where it's facebook live
 It's there for a moment and then it's gone where's youtube it can last for you know forever
 I mean like we talked about earlier like the overcome pornography videos
 Um overcoming pornography addiction like they still get hundreds and hundreds of views every single month
 Even who don't even sell the product anymore, um, which is probably sad because you're an affiliate making money when
 Well, no like yeah that video. I think I say you're a screenshot when you were doing the book
 It has hundreds of clicks on there and what it does is the content builds on each other
 So like eat like you put the video out a video out three years ago
 And if you keep putting content out, it's like you're gonna keep getting leads you're gonna keep getting people
 Um subscribing and watching your stuff like you said yet just doesn't disappear just builds on top of each other
 Okay, I want to ask another question. This is off the questions that you sent me as pre-questions
 I'm excited about this one. I hope that's okay. I'm gonna put you on the spot a little bit
 But um, I think a lot of times people think youtube strategies like okay
 I gotta make the most perfect video in the world and you look at companies like uh dollar shave club, right?
 For example, um where they made this video and it goes crazy viral and then builds a huge company up
 And then he sells to whoever he sold for if like a billion dollars, right?
 And so we're like, okay, I've got to make the perfect youtube video
 And like people stress about it and because that they never actually make something at all
 Versus like you told me in book. We share the example
 We talked about um the strategy like Gillette or or other things like that
 We talk about that because I feel like that's a strategy that more people like me can actually do
 Of not like I'm gonna make the perfect video instead. It's looking at it a little bit differently
 We talk about how how how Gillette did their strategy and how we can use that as well
 Yeah, so so here's the thing when you guys are starting your youtube channel
 um think of it like in
 The first thing you want to do is really go deep in your niche whatever you're doing
 Like so for example, Gillette what they did was they didn't go out there and say well
 They did they tried to make a viral video like dollar shave club and a flat
 Right so what they did was they said listen
 We want to dominate for the keyword how to shave because the people that watch how to shave videos by our product
 Right so you did how to shave your head how to shave your back how to shave your legs, right?
 We did all these videos they got hundreds of thousands and millions of views
 And they were very targeted to their subscribers. So the thing I would tell people is
 Figure out what your niche is figure out what you're you're gonna go after and go deep in that niche
 kind of like the way you explain the whole blue ocean strategy and expert secrets, um because
 You know and the one thing you don't want to do is go and look at someone has a million
 Subscribers and then follow what they do right?
 So like say you're doing because you know, they've already been established. They already have a huge audience
 So say you're doing amazon
 Like so what you want to do is go through amazon say okay make videos on amazon
 Amazon fba on amazon dropshipping on amazon affiliate and then go through and hit every every time
 Anything that someone's searching for amazon you want to make a video on and it doesn't have to be a perfect video
 Like you said it just has to be engaging enough you to get to get retention
 But it doesn't have to be this high production video
 But what you don't want to do is you don't want to make a video on amazon
 Then make a video on how to make money online then make a video on procrastination and then make a video on the coronavirus
 Right you you want you you want it if you're just starting like you want to create
 Like this this this traffic lane that youtube knows okay when joe
 Puts a video out it's going to be on amazon
 And then the then they'll start showing your video for more to more and more people that search like say amazon stuff
 And then you could expand out from there very cool
 Um, yeah, you should go look at jalets it was fun after you told me that story
 I went to and looked in there you see all the like there's stuff that I never would have dreamt people that are looking to shave
 All right, there you go. There's a video for that now too, which was awesome
 Um, it's very cool. Um, okay. My next question for you is
 When uh when someone creates like they're sending the creating videos on the post on youtube and they're not getting any attraction
 Not getting a lot of views like what would be the best way for someone to look at that and like, okay
 Here's how I tweak it or optimize it to get people that actually start watching my videos
 All right, that this is a great question because I see this all the time like I see people posting their
 Their videos up there and they're getting no views and they just keep posting the same videos
 So here's the thing think of it like this think of your youtube channel like say you have a store brick and mortar store
 Thinking of your youtube channel as that that's your storefront
 Right the videos that you created your product and the people that view it and subscribe are your customers
 Right they're raising the hand say I want that product if you're putting videos out
 And you're always watching them or subscribing or very little people are watching or subscribing
 You know change up the way you're making your videos. There's something wrong with the way you're making your videos
 Um, don't batch out don't batch out your videos and just just throw them out there. You have to
 You have to see what videos are engaging. So what I would say is the first thing I would start out is like I said
 Find your set of keywords right your content bucket
 Start putting those videos out see which videos
 Start getting some traction and then double down on those keywords
 The other thing you want to do is constantly be testing your thumbnails
 The two most important things about your video is going to be your thumbnail and your attention
 You have the best video in the world, but if you're thumbnail
 Stinks and your title doesn't have a hook people aren't going to click on it. So the thumbnail is
 That's like the visual hook that's going to stop people from scrolling and say what's happening here
 You know, so big faces
 Little bit of text your title has your keyword in it, but also has your hook
 And then the video the first 30 seconds to the minute is the most important part of your video
 Because that's where you want to hook people and that's where you want to keep at least 80 percent retention and you want at least
 50 percent retention all the way to the end if you're not getting that
 Um, the best thing to do is in after you shoot your video
 Putting call outs put in some b-roll kind of do some pattern interrupts to keep people visually engaged
 With your video because unlike like say a podcast when people are watching on youtube if you're not visually engaging them
 They're going to look somewhere else like a hundred different options for them to click on around the video like a distraction
 Right like a good example is this is on your channel you had a video up on sales funnels
 And you know you posted a few years ago. It got a couple of thousand views. We took that same video
 Just added call outs and b-roll. I think that new video has
 150,000 views and the simple thing is is even though it's amazing information
 It doesn't matter who it is like if people aren't like visually stimulated. They're gonna they're gonna go off
 Yeah
 Interesting a couple things that I learned from you that were crazy is like the thumbnail one like you said
 Um, we used to make these beautifully designed thumbnails and then they the click-through rate wasn't very high and then you made these
 No fans but like these ones i'm like ah and then it's like five times more click-throughs like oh crap
 It was interesting a fun hacking live prince. Yeah, talked about that
 I said that when you do a show shoot most of you like they do the video and then they're trying to find a steal to make the thing
 He's like no like you bring professional photographers
 He's like that's the most important part is the thumbnail
 He says it does spend more time trying to get the right thumbnail image
 Sometimes in the entire video as a whole and saying that's one big thing
 The second thing that I learned from you that was interesting
 We did a hundred plus episodes of our funnel hacker tv show and I loved it
 They were so much fun, but we never got tons of views
 I'm like why are people not loving this and when you started looking at our stats
 You're like well the reason why is you know people watch the first little bit and then you have like a 30 second cool
 intro that was like amazing like it was the most amazing intro of all time
 Like
 Any creator be so proud of like this amazing intro and then I got into the content
 And you show me like here they are hooked and then the intro starts and then
 And then like people at the end that make it through that stay gone
 And then you have from like take a 30 second intro make it like a one and a half second intro
 I was like but it's it's so like on a tv show. They have a huge intro that's amazing
 And you're like if they're not watching tv they're sitting here with youtube with a thousand things around them
 Like distracting them you gotta be focused and like get to the point quick and engage them and keep them hooked
 So
 Any things like that that I think creators like me are like oh look at my intro
 It is so long and it's like that is not the right the right move
 No, no people yeah
 Exactly like so the the best kind of format is like a 15 second hook four to five second like branded intro
 10 15 seconds who you are your content and they call the action at the end
 So cool. Um, yeah, oh man. Well, do I appreciate coming on man? This is fun to my first live interview
 I'm not I'm not the best interviewer, but you're a great guest and share some some super actionable and important things
 And I think what I would recommend, you know, we're funnel hackers here
 So we're good like looking and modeling what people are doing
 And so go look at our channel and look at look at the videos get a lot of views and ones that don't give very many
 And joe's they're always optimizing stuff and figuring things out
 But but half of this whole game is like looking at what was working and then like why is that working?
 Right that's what I'm doing. That's what you're doing like
 We're always doing that in our all aspects like why is that working?
 What was the reason and then trying and testing and making little tweaks and changes?
 Um, I would love to share one last thing just because I remember the first time there's a plug in in chrome
 I think it's chrome that you told me to download and I downloaded this like I don't know three or four years ago
 And now every time I go to youtube I see all the stats and it's like so much fun to see all that kind of stuff
 I think most people don't even know that there's stuff like tools that is available to give you all the analytics all the detail on on the video
 We're talking about uh any of the tools like that that you use right now that people can use as well
 Um, yeah
 So one of the ones is vidIQ is the one that I told you about which is is I love it because I do seo
 So like the data in there is amazing and you know everyone should get it
 They have like the best part about like you could put your competitors in there
 You can see what they're doing. You see like what videos are trending for them
 You know, so so that's a great video another one. I think it's too buddy, which is
 You know, it's okay, but like if my preference is definitely vidIQ just because it has all that data
 Especially if you're you're constantly testing and looking at stuff
 It's great to show you like your competitors videos like this video
 Got added x amount of people to their subscribe their channel because this video and then this time we've used the god
 How many is getting per day and like all that you're like how are they telling me all this stuff?
 This is amazing. It shows you all the stuff that and then you can reverse engineer from there like
 As a funnel hacker, that's what we're looking how to reverse engineer things and this gives you like
 It's basically like here's what's happening in the video and then from there you can reverse engineer
 Cool now. No one need to do what I need to create like how do I make something better?
 How do I how do I make something that's gonna?
 It's gonna beat that one out so I get all those views coming to mind instead and and stuff like that
 Yeah
 Awesome. Oh, thanks. Joe. I appreciate you coming to be on the show
 Everyone if you had good time with joe comment down below say thank you joe. We love you
 He's been such a huge uh huge uh, you know support for for for me for the last like almost 10
 Spillings 10 years. How's this is your first met? Yeah, yeah, I think so 2012
 I think that's crazy
 So long time and a huge help for us here inside click funnels growing our youtube channel and helping us get the message out to more people
 So grateful for you man. Thanks for being on the show and everyone please comment down below and tell joe
 Thank you for uh for spending time with us today
 All right. Thanks guys. Thanks russell
 All right, let's see man
 Hey everybody this russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Um arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the click phones community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel away from something
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts and you guys are funnel way from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand
 This strategy. Hope you have some tactics hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So, uh, I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way.com. That's one funnel way.com and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way.com
 [MUSIC]
