 What's up everybody good morning good morning. I hope you're doing amazing and welcome to the marketing seekers podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Everyone I don't got too much time heading into Inner Circle meeting day three of
 day three of six
 And I'm excited
 We just finished late last night this the official CEO swap with Brandon and Kaitlyn and
 They finished getting all the structuring stuff set up in our company
 Which is insanely cool and we mostly got their new funnel done, which is also insanely cool
 We got some cleanup stuff to go up. I take you know some here and they're touching over the next month to get a perfected
 but and then launch them live but overall it was amazing experiment so if you listen to last
 last podcast we talked about CEO swap and I
 Billion percent recommend it. I think consulting these swaps are good
 But now the whole concept of CEO swaps is insane. I'm gonna start trying to do these more often with people so
 Anyway, I hope you guys got some value from that. I hope you guys actually do it because I think it'll it'll change your business
 Potentially even change your life. That's the goal with this for me. So I'm pumped, but I want to share one thing because
 This is the difference between those who
 Continually to be successful and those who are successful for a little while and they stop and the big secret is you have to be
 coachable
 And I think this is something most people miss in fact
 I know so many of my friends who in the last 15 years of this business have
 Who they start off coachable they learned something they made a whole bunch of money
 And then they thought they knew everything and then they stopped being coachable and then they lost it all and
 it was funny because
 Brandon who you know three and a half four years ago they came into my world and they didn't know much about
 this whole world and we coached them and and and
 You know they grew from where they are now to you know
 They'll probably do I don't know it's forty fifty million dollars in sales this year
 And it's been an honor to serve them to help them and to be part of you know to be kind of a little piece of that
 They're the ones who built the company the ones who who did it
 But it's just such an honor to be a little piece of that right and to be able to be part of that conversation and helping them a little bit
 along the way, which was awesome and then and then
 I just got the office was the family hit me
 but this time it was like I was letting them coach me and I think a lot of times it's really hard people especially someone who like you were
 their coach to like to let them coach you and
 And it was funny because Brandon had a time with me where he pulled me aside
 If I can hour when we sat down and he was like I got to coach you on some stuff
 That's gonna be hard, but you got to hear it because it's because you need it
 And I think he was nervous. I was not gonna be coachable. He started kind of going to things detail. He was kind of
 Nerves that tell me I'm like dude like I love being coach like I miss it
 I haven't been coached by someone for a long time like please like don't feel bad like let me have it
 So he did and it was amazing
 And I loved it and I was thinking about like even a prior I can earlier Russell would have looked at them and like no
 I'm your coach. I can't learn from you. You know, I mean or things like that
 And I think that a lot of people do that
 It's just like that they get the significance that goes their head and and I've been trying consciously over the last probably four or five years to like
 To to realize that there's coaching everywhere like people who completely broke and coaching through happiness in life
 People that are you know, like there's all sorts of different things and if you're if you if you shut that off that you completely miss
 You miss the whole thing and so
 Anyway right now, I'm sitting in the parking lot and everyone's coming in a circle. Oh, there's Dana Derek's there's
 Everyone's coming in so I'm gonna bounce and go
 I just want to kind of show it to you guys is be continue to be coachable a secret between you being successful for a little while
 and you've been successful for a decade and a half or longer and
 It's being willing to stay open and stay coachable. So
 Yeah, I just think about inner circle like how do I learn from?
 Just it during their circle means people who like technically hired me to be their coach
 But I'm sitting there learning from them being coached by them and it's it's insane. So
 Stay coachable. If you do that you will continue to succeed in this this life. So thanks so much guys
 I will talk soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 You can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm seekers
 You need your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
