 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson, I'm about to go to bed but I want to talk to you about something.
 Welcome back to Marketing Secrets.
 So the big question is this,
 how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That was the question in this podcast, we'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright, so it's been a crazy week.
 I'm not gonna lie, I'm a little tired.
 We're coming up on the big viral video launch, this was been early mornings, late nights,
 doing a lot of things, a lot of stuff working, a lot of stuff, not working, we've had ups and we've had downs.
 It's been nuts.
 It's been fun, I don't know about you but I just love this game, I love the journey, I love everything about it and it's been so much fun.
 But I had kind of a funny story tonight, so actually this came from initially, is Satema.
 Some of you guys heard him speak of fun liking lies, he's been in a circle last year and he gave this one presentation that was so cool.
 We had four or five points, he was going over and one of them had a big impact on me.
 I don't know if I have a notebook, all I remember he said, you need to stop stopping and they started talking about people, they go, they hit a roadblock and then they stop.
 He said you need to stop stopping.
 He said the thing happens, you know, and people stop.
 He said you gotta stop stopping and he kept saying that over and over again.
 This morning tonight we got back after a long week, we had this big party in the neighbors house this night.
 It's probably about 250 kids in this thing, it was nuts.
 My kids were out there swimming and partying, and Clinton and I came and took the younger kids home and then I just went back to go grab them.
 So I grabbed them, they were all cold and tired and they all hopped up on sugar and stuff like, you know, you know how it is.
 Summer party, it's like it's just summer party, so anyway, so go and get them a little in the car, drive them home, get them to bed and dial and run.
 He's getting ready for bed and he has this thing where he just kind of stalls, and stalls and he kept stopping.
 And tonight like after like the fifth or sixth time I kept going, like come on bud, let's go, let's go.
 And then like he was like pretty sure he was just gonna stop there and he's sitting there, I was like, "Dallen, you have to stop stopping!"
 He's like what? Dad? You have to stop stopping.
 He's like, what? I'm like, stop stopping.
 He's like, "Oh, that's really cool." I'm like, I know, and then it's Elliot, anyway, everyone else has passed out.
 I'm glad I passed out a little earlier too, with that hate and in North, you know, it was long gone.
 So anyway, as I had fun doing that and the other kids didn't tell them to stop stopping.
 I just kind of realized like how powerful that is and I was like, I don't know where my camera is.
 I was like, "Oh, that's really cool."
 I was like, "Oh, that's really cool."
 I was like, "Oh, that's really cool."
 I just kind of realized like how powerful that is and I was like, I don't know where my camera is just because I think
 that this is why most people don't succeed and not just in business.
 This is like any part of life, right? Like good relationships. People just stop.
 In business they stop, in development, in sports, in like how many times people just stop and
 you know, I'm not perfect either. I'm guilty of this as well.
 I think one of the reasons why I do have success in this avenue in my life and business stuff like that is I just stop stopping.
 You hit something and then you keep going and you keep going and you keep going and you keep going.
 And so for any of you guys who have a habit of stopping, right?
 You start working a project and then you stop.
 You start doing this thing and then you stop and then you start doing something else and then you stop and you stop by whatever
 you can be Facebook, phone, friends, food, something, L.F.'s.
 That was a simple kind of inappropriate. Anyway, they're all that.
 Anyway, you got to stop stopping. I think that's it for most people.
 You go to turbulence and you stop and you got to stop stopping.
 So this is it. I'm going to say it 10 more times so it gets rung into your head.
 So every time you're moving forward on something, you're moving direction and getting momentum.
 You start moving in this thing and you hit something and you want to stop.
 I want you to hear me yelling into your stop stopping.
 Okay, keep going. Stop stopping. Go, go, go.
 Yes, it's a trial. Stop stopping. Yes, it's a hurdle. Stop stopping. Yes, that's frustrating.
 Stop stopping. Yes, I know there's pain associated with that task. You don't want to do it.
 You got to stop stopping. Just keep moving forward. Stop stopping.
 So there it is. There's my rant for you guys tonight.
 Stop stopping. Keep moving forward. That's the goal.
 If you do that, you'll get what you want. If you stop, you won't.
 It's physically impossible. If I want that thing over there, I start walking towards it and I stop.
 I can't get it. I might, oh, but it's hard or I'm tired or I'm hungry or I'm,
 I'm filling the blank with your excuse. If you stop, you're never going to get there.
 I get the possible if you stop. So you're going to stop stopping and just walk and keep going.
 Despite all of the fear and the stress and the pain and the,
 all the other stuff that happens with it. Because I know it's there. I felt it before. You felt it before.
 I think about all the things in my life that have been great.
 It's because I stopped stopping. Right? Wrestling was hard.
 I got in eat most days. I would weigh in Monday. This is in high school. It'd be 160 and on Thursday, I was wrestling 130.
 I couldn't stop. I keep going forward. I learned how to stop stopping and just literally stop eating.
 I stopped stopping. I can't move forward. I became great at that.
 Business was the same thing. I would stop because if you hit and you didn't move and after years of doing it,
 I figured out how to stop stopping and just keep moving through all the pressure and the pain and the noise and keep going.
 I'm not starting my life where I happen to be. I stopped.
 This is good for me too.
 It's too bad for my life that I've stopped. I got to stop stopping too. So this may be for you, but it's probably for me.
 So, Russell, stop stopping. You, whoever you are listening right now, it's time. It's time to stop stopping.
 Stop moving forward. Let's go. I'm going to go. I'm going to stop stopping if you commit to.
 All right? Cool. Stop stopping. We'll see you guys soon. Bye, everybody.
 Want more marketing secrets? If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books. Book number one is called Expert Secrets,
 and you can get a free copy at expertseekers.com. And book number two is called .comseekers, and you can get your free copy at .comseekers.com.
 Inside these two books, you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC-backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 world.
