 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the market seekers podcast. I'm excited to be hanging out with you today
 I'm actually driving up back in the car
 Like how this whole show started way back in the day
 And I got a box from Rachel Peterson my favorite people in this photo hacking community the other day
 And she asked a really good question. So on this episode, I'm gonna answer your question
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody so
 Most of you know Rachel Peterson. She spoke it at the last two photo hacking lives
 She's amazing. She's also the queen of TikTok and my daughter is her biggest fan
 And it's just anyway, she's actually coming to Boise and my daughter so excited to TikTok with her
 Which is gonna be so fun
 Anyway, she's amazing. Another day she she boxed me over a really cool question about
 You know taking things one spare time and how you create your vision and how you bypass things and all kind of stuff
 So I'm gonna play her her part of her box for you right here
 So you can hear the question and then I'm gonna come back and answer it
 Someone called me out today and and they were very spot on they said I feel like you are taking the stairs one
 Stair at a time when you are destined for greatness
 So my question to you is this like how did you create a vision? Did it volunteer?
 Lact did you read a book? How do you create a vision for your life in your business that?
 Keeps everything going, you know like the infinite game from Simon's and thank you so so so much
 Okay, so I think it's a really good question and it's interesting because I
 Think for a lot of us we get into this game
 And we don't really know what's possible where we're going or any of those things, you know like I definitely didn't know
 I didn't know what was happening today was possible by any stretch of the imagination
 So I think sometimes you bypass your your vision in fact was kind of a really cool one of a really cool experience
 I was so you remember we did the the click funnel startup story was with mixer G at this at this place in Utah
 I called the dry bar comedy club and had JP Sears come and just roast me for an hour before we did the interview
 And it was so funny, but anyway at dinner. I asked JP. I'm like, so what's next for you?
 What's go like? What's next plan and he kind of smiled at me?
 He looks so content something that I've never been in my life and he was like
 He's like, you know what? He's like so far everything that's happened to me
 It's surpassed whatever thought was possible
 It's like some Chinese enjoy it and just like enjoy the things as they come and be grateful for them
 And I was like, oh my gosh that is amazing like I need to learn idea
 So there's that piece of it right I think it's entrepreneur struggle with us sometimes because because
 We're always looking you know comes back to my my last podcast episode talking about
 We're so tied into like achievement achievement. We forget about the fulfillment side
 So there's that one part but the other side which I understand more is this goal of achieving and trying to take over the world and stuff like that and
 You know, I remember at the very first live than everyone to I remember
 I pay a thousand dollars to go to which is like the first step from it like oh so much money
 Like I was stressing out and the speaker's talking
 I saw people selling different things and and I remember just
 I was like I can never forward this thing for two grand or five grand or ten grand or all these different things and just kind of being
 Like bummed out about it, right?
 And I remember I met this kid and the kid was I don't remember maybe a year older than me or maybe my same age
 I don't know we were I was like I was probably 22 at the time. He might have been 23 or something
 but we were about the same age and
 And I saw the presenters
 Solas masternro and grouping around three signed up for it. I was like dude
 How did you like how do you afford that like I couldn't I couldn't figure out like how do you afford that?
 And he's like oh he's like well there's two ways to get the top you can either work your way and you can buy your way inside
 It's buy my way in I'm like whoa first off. That was like this leap in thought that I never had crossed my mind before I'm like, okay
 That's pretty cool
 And then I'm gonna ask some more questions like well, how do you for this?
 He's like I'm actually in I think like 12 masterminds this time
 I was like what how did you do that? And he came back and he said what I did is that
 He's like I went and uh, he's like, uh, I wanted to go these things but I couldn't afford it
 So I found a group of people who I kind of trained and taught stuff to you
 I said look I want to go to all these mastermind groups obviously it's gonna be expensive for everyone to pay for you know for you for
 You know if you guys want to go to all these as well, it's gonna be really expensive
 So if you're interested, I think if you pay me 10 grand and I get I don't know 20 people
 So I have 200,000 dollars. I'll go join all of them and I'll come back and tell you the cool stuff that I learned
 And he got all these people to pay him 20 grand and he took the money or 10 whatever it was
 I don't know and he joined all these mastermind groups and then he went and he bought his way in and he got up and he built this company very very very quickly
 And I thought that was just a strategic thing, you know, I remember
 Celebrity apprentice if you watch celebrity apprentice in the past
 verse three or four episodes
 People do things like fundraisers. It was like go raise money so they go out on the street and they're trying to sell lemonade
 You always seem to raise money. It wasn't till I don't know two or three seasons in when
 The dude from kiss
 That yeah, yeah, I kiss uh jean simmons
 jean simmons was on it
 And uh, they do this fundraising thing everyone goes out there and they're trying to raise money
 They're hustling and he just sat there picked up his phone made a phone call and got a check from his buddies for like half a million
 Dollars and you destroy everybody else and I was like, we're looking at that thinking
 He's just thinking at a different level than everybody else like it's just this thought difference, right?
 Everyone's like like here's the task must do the thing and they jump jump jump jump like step by step by step
 Whereas jean simmons came back and said look I can do that or I could just do this and we'll jump
 You know a thousand steps past everyone else
 um
 And I think uh, I remember watching that and just having that aha. I'm just like, okay, I gotta start thinking more strategically
 You know, I think so many of us uh think tactically, which tactics are so important, right?
 So how we get the thing done
 But it takes us stopping from it and stepping back and looking at things more strategically if I okay
 Instead of just the the here's the next step the next step you would really want to jump five or 10 or 20 tiers
 It's not going to happen by you, you know doing the next step. It's going to stepping back and saying what's the next thing like what's the
 You know, what's the big the big domino the next? I don't know. There's different ways to phrase it. I'm not sure the best way
 Um, but conceptually, it's it's stopping the tactics instead of back strategically and thinking different, right?
 Like we launched click funnels. Um, I had so many amazing strategic conversations with friends and people
 um
 The world like just launched software company, right?
 If you look if you're at the x-ray secrets book like we talked about movement and finding
 Future-based cause and like all these things that weren't that weren't tactical. They weren't like here's the next step
 It's like how do we how do we weave these things into our culture, right? How do we like how do you do these things that cause these incremental?
 Big shifts as opposed to just you know increasing your your your your ads by 10 or you know, just
 Create another another friend it offers. It's like how do you create things that have mass shifts, you know, mass changes
 Um and things like that
 It really comes but stepping back away from the tactical which means getting out of the day today
 Which means taking a vacation which is hard for us, right? Or or doing the strategy means your team and just in for three days
 We're not gonna work. We're just talking about like what's possible. It's the future like where could we go?
 Um, you know, not not what's the next step?
 But like if what if we just destroyed these steps and had a whole new thing like what would that look like and how do we get there and
 You know pull it pull a jeans simmons and instead of going out fundraising you just pull out a
 You just uh, you know, pull out your phone and call buddy and get $500,000 in five seconds
 No, like that's the that's the power of it
 So, you know, hope it helps
 I know it's not a full answer, but hopefully gets the wheels you had spinning and for everyone else who's listening
 I hope that helps as well. I appreciate you all thanks for listening to this episode of the marketing seekers podcast
 And um if you're enjoying this or any of my episodes, please take a screenshot
 on my
 on my phone
 On your phone and uh and then tag me in it post on facebook or instagram wherever you post things and tag me really really cool
 Thanks so much and I'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the click phones community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel away from something
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are funnel way from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand
 The strategy help you understand the tactics hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 (upbeat music)
