 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to Marketing Secrets.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 I had kind of a funny story tonight.
 So this came from initially is Satema.
 Some of you guys heard him speak a fun liking lives, been in your circle.
 He was in a circle last year and he gave us one presentation that was so cool.
 We had four or five points he was going over and one of them that had like a big impact
 on me.
 I don't know if I have a notebook.
 All I remember he said, "You need to stop stopping."
 And they started talking about like people, they go, they hit a roadblock and then they
 stop.
 He said, "You need to stop stopping."
 He said, "The thing happens, you know, and people stop."
 He said, "You got to stop stopping."
 He kept saying that over and over again.
 As for tonight, we got back after a long week.
 We had this big party at the women's house this night.
 It's probably about 250 kids in this thing.
 My kids were out there swimming in a party and Clint and I came and took the younger
 kids home and then I just went back and go grab them.
 If I grab them, they're all cold and tired and they're all hopped up on sugar and stuff
 like, you know, you know how it is.
 Summer party is like, it's just summer party.
 So anyway, so I go and get him a little in the car, drive him home, get him to bed and
 dial it in my oldest.
 He's getting rid of bed and he has the same thing when he just installs, installs, installs.
 He kept stopping and tonight, like, after like a fifth or six time, I kept going, "Come
 on, bud, let's go.
 Let's go."
 And then like, he was like pretty sure and he was kind of stopped there and he's sitting
 there.
 I was like, "Tallen, you have to stop stopping."
 He's like, "What dad?
 I'm like, "You have to stop stopping."
 He's like, "We what?"
 I'm like, "Stop stopping."
 I kept going and he starts laughing and then, anyway, and then I was getting bold for bed
 and he kept doing something like, "Boomin, you have to stop stopping."
 And he was like, "What dad?"
 I'm like, "You have to stop stopping."
 He's like, "Oh, that's really cool."
 I'm like, "I know."
 And then, it's Elliot and anyway, everyone else has passed out, got passed out earlier
 too with that hate and nor is long gone.
 So anyway, as I had fun doing that and the other kids and telling them to stop stopping,
 I just kind of realized like how powerful that is.
 And I was like, "I have to grab my camera just because I think that this is why most people
 don't succeed and not just in business.
 This is like any part of life, right?
 Good relationships.
 People just stop.
 In business, they stop in development and sports and like how many times people just
 stop and I'm not perfect either.
 I'm guilty of this as well.
 But I think one of the reasons why I do have success in this avenue in my life and business
 stuff like that is I just stop stopping.
 You hit something and then you just keep going and you keep going and you keep going and
 you keep going.
 And so for any of you guys who have a habit of stopping, right?
 You start working a project and then you stop.
 You start doing this thing and then you stop and then you start doing something else and
 then you stop and you stop by whatever could be Facebook, phone, friends, food, something.
 L.S.
 Yeah, a bunch of...
 That was a something kind of inappropriate.
 Anyway, they're all F's.
 A bunch of...
 Anyway, like you got to stop stopping.
 I think that's it for most people.
 You go to turbulence and you stop and you got to stop stopping.
 So this is it.
 I'm going to say it 10 more times so it gets run into your head.
 So every time you're moving forward on something, you're moving direction and getting momentum,
 you start moving in this thing and you hit something and you want to stop.
 I want you to hear me yelling into your...
 Stop stopping.
 Okay, keep going.
 Stop stopping.
 Go, go, go.
 Keep going.
 Yes, it's a trial.
 Stop stopping.
 Yes, it's a hurdle.
 Stop stopping.
 Frustrating.
 Stop stopping.
 Yes, I know there's pain associated with that task.
 You don't want to do it.
 You just stop stopping.
 Just keep moving forward.
 Stop stopping.
 So there it is.
 There's my rant for you guys tonight.
 Stop stopping.
 Keep moving forward.
 That's the goal.
 If you do that, you'll get what you want.
 If you stop, you won't.
 It's physically impossible.
 If I want that thing over there, I start walking towards and I stop, I can't get it.
 I might...
 Oh, but it's hard.
 Or I'm tired.
 Or I'm hungry.
 I'm going to fill in the blank with your excuse.
 If you stop, you're never going to get there.
 I get the possible if you stop.
 So you're going to stop stopping and just keep going despite all of the fear and the
 stress and the pain and all the other stuff that happens with it.
 Because I know it's there.
 I felt it before.
 You felt it before.
 But I think about all the things in my life that have been great is because I stopped
 stopping.
 Right?
 Wrestling was hard.
 I got in eat most days.
 I would weigh in Monday.
 This is in high school.
 It would be 160 and on Thursday, I was wrestling 130.
 I couldn't stop.
 I keep going forward.
 I learned how to stop stopping and just literally stopped eating.
 I just stopped.
 Anyway, but yes, I stopped stopping.
 I hit moving forward, right?
 And I became great at that.
 Business is the same thing.
 I would stop because if you hit and you didn't move and like a few years of doing it, I figured
 out how to stop stopping and just keep moving through all the pressure and the pain and
 the noise and keep going.
 And I'm not starting my life, but I haven't been as good or I stopped.
 Yeah, this is good for me too.
 It's too bad for my life, but I've stopped.
 I got to stop stopping too.
 So this may be for you, but it's probably for me.
 So Russell, stop stopping.
 You whoever you are listening right now, it's time.
 It's time to stop stopping.
 Stop moving forward.
 I'm going to go.
 I'm going to stop stopping if you commit to.
 All right, cool.
 Stop stopping.
 We'll see you guys soon.
 Bye everybody.
 We have decided to do it again.
 Yes, earlier this year we did our first ever virtual conference called Two Comic Club Live.
 We have over 5,000 people register for this online event and the success stories from
 those who attended have been amazing.
 So because of that, we've decided to do the virtual event just one more time.
 And I want to invite you and your family to attend for free.
 This is how it works.
 First, you can get your ticket at www.2comiclublive.com.
 You're going to put in your credit card, but we're not going to charge you anything.
 Then you can attend the full three days and learn everything you can from me and from
 other Two Comic Club winners and then after the event, decide if it's worth it.
 If it's not, let us know and you won't pay anything.
 But if you love it and I'm sure you will, then you'll get billed after the event is over.
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the Two Comic Club.
 So go and get your tickets right now before they are gone.
 Go to www.2comiclublive.com.
 Yes, that's www.t-w-o-c-o-m-a-c-l-u-b-l-i-v-e.com.
 Two Comic Club Live.com.
 (upbeat music)
