 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing seekers podcast
 I'm so excited to have you guys here today and today I want to talk about
 Stories and how your story needs to trump your customer story
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain
 profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody
 I am working on a project a top-secret project. Well, that's secret. I tell everybody everything on Instagram and Facebook and social and podcast
 So but other than that, it's completely secret
 But we are doing an event this summer for families and I'm really excited for it
 It's anyone who's our two-comical club ex coaching program
 They get to bring their kids and themselves to an event that I'm doing called unlock the secrets
 That's gonna be a three-day event and so I'm in working on the on it
 It's in I'm working on my traffic secrets book and say time I'm trying to run click funnels and oh
 There's so much stuff plus summer started like three days ago
 So yeah, my kids at home and trying to like keep them engaged and not you know
 not bored and
 Whoo, it's a lot like I'm juggling a million things kids. I come to the office every like five minutes like dad who got more
 We got more snacks on more treats and then they want to
 Go play and it's a lot. There's a lot anyway
 For all you guys are off kids yet. It adds like a whole nother dimension
 It's insane, but anyway, I digress
 So I am working on the unlock secrets event and it's really fun because I have to make this event
 Engaging enough for kids to be engaged but stimulating enough for adults to be stimulated
 And so it's kind of this weird fun exciting balance and anyway
 Hopefully I don't screw it up
 And if I do it will be like 1500 people there to watch me crash and burn, but if I do a good job
 It'll be my what do they call it your hollens opus your mr. Opus?
 I don't know it's called your your thing. So my goal is to do this event once a year
 And so hopefully it turns out good this first time around
 And so I'm really excited for it, but anyway, that's what's that's what I'm working on and
 one of the activities and exercises I'm working on
 As I go into storytelling because obviously a lot of times I go deep and I talk about story and webinar and your origin story and your
 You know your your vehicle false blue intern beliefs extra beliefs like all the stories and all sorts of stuff
 but like if you boil it down to
 like selling one-on-one
 It all comes down to figuring out like what is your customers false belief like what's the story?
 They're currently telling themselves, right and then you have to figure out a story that trumps theirs
 And if your story is better than theirs, it will rewrite their story and your truth will become their truth
 And then they'll follow you to the end of the world right if you want, you know
 And this is true to anything like if you want to convince them to come to a movie and like I don't
 Want to see that movie then you tell them story about no
 This is why and if your story is better than theirs, they'll be like all right cool. This sounds good
 Let's go to the movie right like let's see going off to eat and they want to go somewhere
 And you want to go somewhere and they want to go their place
 They have a story in the head about why they want to go there or why they don't want to go
 We you want to go so you have to tell a story that trumps their story if your story trumps theirs
 Then they will rewrite their story and they'll come with you right and so
 That's that's the whole game is funny cuz I listen to my ring golden speak one to comic club
 ex coaching
 events he's talking about
 selling versus persuading he's like selling is when
 I'm going to mess up his his analogy
 But you know selling is where you're trying to get somebody something for for for your reasons where persuading is getting them
 Do something for their reasons. It's like the the core foundational
 You know the principle of psychology not psychology but of persuasion is a story telling like how do I tell a story?
 that
 Gets them to change their story
 And that's that's kind of the game. I'm as interesting as I think I told you as a while ago
 So this this mastermind in Puerto Rico with a whole bunch of guys and and one of the guys who was there runs
 Arguably probably one of the biggest health companies that nobody's ever heard of I don't know his exact sales
 But my understanding and my guesstimates are it's more than half a billion dollars a year
 And and the guy who owns the company's one of the best
 Copywriters ever and it was interesting because because as he was talking about his company. He said, you know what we do is
 is as a company is
 Is there's a story that people believe right and it was either the government gave him the story or the school system or whatever
 Gave him the story to believe it's like our job is to come in to rewrite their story
 So we have a you know a book or a product that is different. It's a different core fundamentals then
 Then what the society is a whole believes is it's our goal is you can the best storytellers in the world
 But we tell a story that trumps their story and so so that in their mind actually rewrites the story to be
 Where where your story becomes their story? That makes sense?
 So anyway, I'm sharing this because like the activity when do the kids is gonna be really fun
 I'm not sure exactly how it's gonna work, but basically it's gonna be okay
 You know get a partner and your partner wants to go
 To see this movie now you have to tell them a story about why they should come see your movie instead
 Like what's the reason you get and you have to tell good compelling story like why do you want to see this story?
 right, and so it comes down to this art of like telling a better story and
 And then when I do that activity was like case your friend wants to go to McDonald's
 You want to go to Burger King? Why I tell them a story about why why it'd be better for them to go with you
 And you know not every time you can be able to commit somebody if if we could I'd have a hundred percent
 Closure in my webinars, which would be insane. I'd be a multi
 Trillionaire because I would just tell stories and convince everybody all the time
 But you know if you get three five percent ten percent people hear your story to shift their story
 That's when you build a multi million dollar your business
 We have to become better at telling stories
 So what I want to give to you guys for today if this podcast is start thinking through this is
 Is just start thinking in your everyday situations like look at your spouse or your kids or your coworkers or your friends or something
 and
 Start looking at the opportunities where where they want to do something
 It's different than what you want to do and then this is the time for you to start flexing that muscle start building it out
 Start working out say okay. They want to go see this movie. I want to go see this movie or date night, right?
 My wife wants to go here. I want to go here
 So how do I tell the story about about what I want to do and let me try to tell it in a way that
 inspires and motivates and persuades
 Her or him or whatever to change to change their beliefs and to to follow you
 and
 the more you practice that the
 Better for you. So that's kind of my my goal for you to start looking at what's what's the story someone's telling themselves?
 And how can you come and trumpet? I'm not talking about one-upping this story
 Okay, you guys all know those people do like the one-uppers where like you tell a story like hey
 This one time I went and I swam 30 miles and I did it and now it happened. It was really really cool
 I'm really proud of myself. Oh, I saw him 35 and I didn't in 40 minutes like all right like you're a jerk
 That's the one upper right. That's now what I'm talking about. I'm talking about one upper talking about them saying hey
 Today I would really love to
 To just stay in and watch TV because I'm just tired
 I don't really want to go out and you and your mind you're like I really want to go out like I have this plan
 So let's come back saying cool
 We can do that or like what I was envisioning
 Super super quick imagine this we you know we get to get a sitter for the kids we call so and so she comes home
 And she's gonna watch the kids and then we can like we can leave and I thought it'd kind of dress up a little bit
 So make normal we don't go kind of dress up and then
 And then we go to the you know
 Then we have a chance to drive downtown and like just visualizing driving down and seeing the lights and seeing all the things
 seeing the people and then I love to get restaurants, you know
 To get a thing here and and describing that explaining how amazing it is and then and after that we'd go to see a show
 And there's the doing pianos downtown go listen to them for a while
 And then I think it would fun kind of going on a late night walk
 and just looking at the moon and the stars and and
 It'd be super super awesome. So that's why I visually like we like we always say home
 Like what would your other do and if you tell a story right there in the middle of this thing they're envisioning like oh my gosh
 Like that would be cool and the pianos be super fun
 and the kids will be taken care of from the babysitter like that can be romantic and and
 Like that story loan would give them the motivation the energy to bake
 Yeah, you know what let's not just stay home and do nothing like that does sound amazing and also do a real
 Their story and now I get them I persuaded them to do what they really want to do anyway
 So there is the game my friends
 story-trumping
 Yeah, I think it might tie off this podcast the story-trumping sounds cool
 But then there's gonna be something something that Donald Trump and someone's getting mad at me and like
 Trump like no like I'm trying to trump her one up, but I want to be one up for either. So anyway, that's that's
 There you go. There's the there's my dilemma for what to name this one. So anyway, I hope that helps you guys
 Start practicing that in your everyday life
 Start looking at the stories that your your friends your family members your customers are telling yourself and the storm starts start
 Start building that muscle start practicing just telling better stories and again
 You're not gonna win every single time but the more you practice the better you become and the better you become a persuading people
 It's persuasion in my mind. It's all about understanding the story. They're telling themselves
 Telling a new story. It's more exciting. It's better than that gets them to rewrite their story and to believe you were true
 That's all it is. That's why I built click funnels is how I've sold everything. It's how I sold ketones is how we sold
 Basically everything in my life is all about that is nearly becoming clear
 Like what's the story they're telling them? What story do I have in my life or like and look at it?
 I can research I can find it's gonna trump their story and then I tell the way that inspires them and makes them think
 Oh my gosh, you're right. That does sound way better. I'm in. Let's go
 So that's that's the homework time for you guys today. Hold it. That's like up
 I'm gonna go in I got a fun day of writing and working in
 All sorts of today. So I'm gonna go get it done and then we go play with my kids tonight
 So without said thanks to you guys and we'll talk to you all soon. Bye
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 You get your free copy at comm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (applause)
