 Hey everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast today. We're gonna talk some strategy
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so I don't even know
 How or where to go with this podcast episode other than I have been having so much fun recently
 Watching the great strategic minds play chess in their business
 So what do I mean by that
 So first off let me let me um
 Give you guys a glimpse of what's happening behind the scenes
 With me, I can't give you all the details unfortunately, but I'm gonna give you some hints
 So you'll be able to see as I am playing chess over the next six to nine months
 I'm making some very big strategic decisions things that on the outside will look stupid like why did you do that Russell?
 That doesn't make any logical sense
 And it won't from the outside looking in but from the inside looking out. They're all very strategic
 Chess moves and I'm moving a piece here. I'm moving something here. I'm changing something here
 and
 While you're able to see the movement of the chess piece my guess is you will not be able to understand the overall strategy for a while and
 I wish I could tell it all to you, but I am someday gonna write a book about this whole thing
 So, you know sometimes strategically you move a chess piece somewhere and someone ends up checkmating you
 So I'm hoping that doesn't happen. So I'm not calling my shot. It was gonna be flawless
 But I'm definitely moving some chess pieces around
 But it's all very strategic. I'm excited to kind of see what happens from it in the growth and the changes in the
 And I'm sure initially I'm gonna I'm gonna probably offend some people upset some people all lose some customers in the short term
 But in the long term it's the essential movements of things need to happen for the company to grow and for the value of the company to
 exponentially grow and so like I said some of things won't make sense right away, but for example
 Click funnels, excuse me our five-year birthday is coming up and our five-year birthday
 I'm doing some announcing of some stuff
 So now see if things that are disappearing from click funnels and some announcing things that are being added into click funnels
 And they're very strategic and it's funny as I was like making some of these first strategic moves in fact
 Okay, let me step back you see on the birthday at funnel hacking live this year
 You'll see the next set of strategic moves happening and then on my birthday March 8th
 You will potentially be seeing the next set of strategic moves. So there's three dates for you to look at
 You run your calendar to see that see the chess pieces moving in it
 And why you guys are looking and start thinking strategically like like why is he doing this? What's the reasoning?
 And so I said that those are the things that are happening
 But there's a lot of thought going into them and and it's kind of fun
 So what's been fun for me recently is like I've been looking at the people that I
 Respect people that are doing cool things people are having momentum and what they're their business and
 And some people just get lucky
 But most people are strategically moving chess pieces around to do different things and so it's really fun and interesting to watch
 It's kind of interesting as I was as I was trying to decide if I should make some of these
 Strategic moves I got really nervous and I had this weird impression to message Garrett white
 I mean Garrett j white, so I must say it right so I messaged Garrett and
 Just kind of told him a little about what's going on and just checked it with him
 And then we started talking back and forth through text message and then
 He told me what he's doing strategically and it was like super similar to I was it was kind of crazy how in alignment
 We were it's like the moose. He's making his business moves and making my business
 It's was kind of fun and it's like oh my gosh like look at the outside in I would have thought you were crazy
 But now that I understand the strategy behind it
 I'm like oh my gosh you're actually brilliant. This is so cool and so I'm watching that I've been watching
 There's someone who I had a chance to eat to know a year ago through through
 Instagram and it's Nicole Arbor to me as I know her she she made a video
 Back on a four or five years ago called dear fat people went crazy viral
 she had a lot of hate for it a lot of people loved it and but regardless created a lot of noise and
 And it was fascinating to watch
 Watch her do that a couple years ago and just kind of I was kind of interested like what's her strategy?
 Why is she doing she's gonna make a lot of people angry some people happy like what's the reasoning?
 But she's very strategic in her thinking in the moves that she makes it's fascinating. So I watched over the last two weeks or so and
 Again watching her strategically do her movements. So she made this video some you guys may have seen it
 Talking about Jay Shady and kind of calling him out on
 Lot of stuff that he had plagiarized and stuff like that. She put this thing out there
 It went crazy viral on on you you know on Facebook Instagram
 I don't probably other platforms as well, but between all of them got tons of views
 and it was interesting because then
 Again, and I'm you know
 We're all having a chance to watch the strategic chess pieces after the fact, right?
 so that thing goes viral and say oh my gosh and and and
 You see what she's trying to do
 She's trying to to get Jay to stop doing these things right and so I'm not gonna comment on that at all because that's beside the point
 I'm talking about now
 Which made that video and then a few days later. She started seeding like I'm about to do my next big
 video to expose the next person I want to expose I was like oh my gosh like
 Like is this her strategy to go and expose a bunch of people like what she doing like strategically
 I want to figure out what's happening inside of her mind as I'm watching this and she's building up to it
 She's doing our interest stories everything talking about it's coming. It's coming and then it's like boom
 She launches it and the next expose is about this person
 And she can't talk about the person who it is and like all the bad things that people say about this person
 And she says that person is actually me and it was fascinating because
 She basically aired her dirty laundry
 I put out all the stuff that someone could potentially say about about her and put it out there and what it was
 What was cool is like it took all the the wind out of anybody who was trying to retaliate and tack back against her because she's like
 There it is like and she didn't expose they had herself, which was really fascinating
 To see and it was like oh my gosh and
 Anyway, she put that out there and that was the next
 Video and it picked up steam like there's momentum right the first video in the second video the next exposition and expose is actually about her
 I was like the next fascinating
 video in the sequence and then
 And then she did another one exposing somebody who was trying to expose her and like
 Anyway, just fascinating watching these different the different strategic moves and again
 I don't know the end goal where she's trying to checkmate who or what's gonna happen, but it's just been fascinating watching
 As they're happening and catching on like oh my gosh
 Like this is the strategy that she's using to get attention and to get views and like and to build her brand like whatever the things are right
 and
 Actually messes my entire social media team on on Saturday
 I was like I want to make sure you guys are watching this and and it not you know like
 I'm not having all you guys watch it for the content like that like you can that's cool
 like but that's not my purpose like strategically watch what she's doing and how she's leveraging the momentum of one video to the
 next to the next and
 and
 And I was like what do we have a week do the same kind of thing like how do I make it so that my Instagram or my YouTube or my
 Whatever, we're not just random things were putting out there
 But there's like momentum and it's moving towards and they're strategically something happening to build the pressure to build the noise
 To get from point a to point B to point B to point C and then move people through this this journey in this
 conversation, you know, I think
 One of my flaws in social media at this point has been everything's very much one off
 I here's the thing that we're doing. Here's the thing we're doing. I don't kind of come in and out
 We talk about the thing whereas it's like we what if we turn this into a conversation?
 What if we turned it into
 Multi-series events that are pulling somebody from from thing to thing to thing and and causing you know controversy or momentum or whatever
 You know, I don't think I'm very controversial. I don't I don't seek for that
 I don't think my videos need to be controversial like Nicole's were necessarily but conceptually
 strategically, how do I create that in my in in the
 In the voice that I have on social media. So anyway, I just I just hope you guys are watching this game
 Watch the people the highest level they're playing watch what they're doing and how they're doing in and you know
 We're always we're always seeing things in hindsight. Like the person makes their strategic move when we see it afterwards
 But start watching this and start noting like why do they do that? What was the purpose?
 Why did that video happen here? Why did this thing happen here? Why the Russell announced this?
 Why are they launching this now? Like what are the pieces like? Why do they pull this away? Like what are the like?
 What's what's the purpose? I think if you guys start looking at that
 You'll start really enjoying it's really fun
 You know one of my favorite podcasts is a podcast called business wars and it's it's fun because it's almost like a
 Produced podcast where they pick two businesses where at war and they produce like seven or eight episodes
 They tell you the story behind this business war and this is all in hindsight though
 Because you see it's already happened right so it's like Mac versus PC Apple versus
 Or excuse me Mac first PC Adidas versus Nike Marvel versus DC
 PayPal versus eBay like all these different business wars that happen and you watch them and it tells you all the strategic moves that they make
 You're seeing all hindsight, right?
 It's super fun in fact
 I think I told it at the last time I spoke I told everybody that like
 They should drop out of school and just listen to business wars that gives you history and business like all wrapped into like one super entertaining
 Podcast but I digress
 You know I like I like listen at because you could hear the strategy that that happened in the past in history
 They made these companies who they are but like man
 We're all sitting right now having this opportunity to like it's like watch as as companies are strategically doing things to build themselves right now
 Like we're living it like we're in the middle of it
 I eat a lot of musk I'm sitting right now my test like Elon Musk if if you know he files all these patents for the Tesla and for these
 Batter-operated cars and he's doing the thing and then all of a sudden
 He's like hey, I'm gonna open sources and give access to everybody for free and you're like wait
 Why would you do that doesn't make any sense like this is your your intellectual properties like I'm gonna open source to give it to everybody
 And then everybody can build upon it and then what's gonna happen is because of that
 Ever other people are gonna fund the building of this huge
 You know all of the charging stations across America because I can't fund it by myself
 So let me open source the patents get every else building on it now we can all build this this network
 this essential for my company to survive which is this these charging stations and
 So open it up and boom that was that's what kind of happened. So it's just like
 It's just so fascinating and fun to watch these strategic decisions
 One of the ones that happen that's happening on ClickFunnels birthday next in like two weeks from now
 I told it's my run golden and I love my one of my favorite people ever and I explained it to him
 The next day came back said do you realize what you're doing here?
 And I smiled like what tell me and he said if you like when you do this this was gonna happen
 I was like kind of smile. He's like you already knew that I'm like yeah
 Like that's the strategy. That's the chest piece. I'm moving again on the outside. You'll see the move
 But I want you to stop and think like why what's the reason? What's he trying to do here? What's the purpose?
 And hopefully it's having fun watching as we go. So that's what I got back to the office. I gotta get some work done today
 I'm spending the book tonight
 So this is the end of the traffic secrets book you guys I'm submitting it to the publisher
 Whoo-hoo is due at 5 30 p.m. tonight
 So it'll be out the door here soon wish me luck and I hope you guys have a chance to read here soon
 Thanks again for everything and we'll talk to you guys
 Next podcast everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called comm secrets and you get your free copy at comm secrets comm
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
