 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson today is a day that we're gonna have a marketing secrets rant
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money for our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody I
 I'm not gonna lie. I don't rant very often
 But when I do you guys seem to like it and today I'm feeling a little ranty. So
 we're gonna talk about this for a little bit and
 What I want to talk about I don't know I've talked about us in the past. We've called it different things
 But it recently was just re-
 brought to my attention and it drives me absolutely bonkers so
 What I want to talk about is a concept I learned a long time ago from a dude who's a total scam artist and con artist
 But you're a smart guy most of the scam artists and con owners are you talking about this concept he called teachability index
 and which is your ability to learn and
 And teach ability goes up and down throughout our lives and depending on a lot of things depending on a lot of like how open we are and so
 For example when you're kids you're very teachable
 So your teacher building index is very high because you're like listen to everything someone says you soak it up
 And you go to school and your teacher building index is high you listen to everything that's coming through to you
 Even if the teachers have no idea
 They're actually talking about but you believe it because you're in school therefore it's got to be true
 They can't lie to you in schools
 They can't teach you false doctrine at school
 Can they but we believe it and then the second you get your degree for some reason in our heads our brain should obviously
 I now know everything and all of a sudden our teacher building shrinks to almost nothing
 And this is where most human beings you bump into the world or app where they think they know everything therefore
 They're not open anything therefore they are stagnant and they stop growing now
 I struggled with this as most humans do for a while in fact I still remember
 The first time I went to Tony Robbins event and I remember he invited me there
 And I was just marketing and sales guy who thought I was a genius and you know drank my own Kool-Aid
 And I believe my own bio and I thought I was the stuff right and I met this event trying to you know
 Get Tony Robbins as a client
 I'm gonna close him and all sorts of stuff and Tony's got this thing where he makes if you want to work with him
 You got to come to his events first because he doesn't want to work people who haven't experienced him
 Because you understand him and his culture and what he's doing so when is this event?
 I'm sitting there and I walk in with my backpack and my laptop thinking that it was gonna be a marketing style event and
 Anyone who's been to 20 Robbins event knows that you're jumping you're screaming. There's no desk or some table
 You're walking on fire. It's insane. You're dancing you're giving your neighbors massages and hugs all things
 I do not like to do right and I was just like nope
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, and Tony's up at teaching these things. I was like no nope nope
 Nope, that's not true. Nope. No believe me nope
 Nope, and I remember for about five or six hours kept doing that nope nope
 And I'm looking around everyone's having a good time or something fun that I'll jumping around and I'm like no
 Tony does not always talking about this is not true. This is not true and like and my mind just closed everything and
 As I sitting there listening to all this I started noticing that like every new idea or concept became my way
 I instantly I instantly shut it down as nope. Nope. Nope. No, no, no, no, no, and like it was just an instant shutdown
 And I remember seeing there's realized I was like man
 My teach ability index is really really low. Why am I saying no to all these things?
 I'm like he's challenging my thoughts and my beliefs and things that
 You know that that I thought were true things that I had been raised my whole life believing in thinking right?
 and
 I kept saying no no no and I remember that there I made this audible switch about five or six hours into it
 I said
 Yeah, I keep saying no to everything Tony's saying and I'm not enjoying my time. I'm not experiencing this
 I'm I'm I feel like I'm missing out on something and I remember consciously thinking you know what?
 From now on the rest of the next three and a half days of this event instead of saying no to everything. I'm gonna say what if
 and I'm just gonna
 Experience it and just see what happens and the next thing Tony explained at first like my instincts right no
 No, no, no, no, no, and I was like ah
 But what if what if what do these things actually true?
 and
 What was interesting is also I was like huh?
 If this is true then like this is pretty powerful and the next thing came like what if that's true
 I'm like that is true. That's pretty cool. And what if this is true?
 What if this is true? I start shifting from no no no no no to what if like what if and when I shifted my that that thought in my head
 I can attribute the last decade of my success to be changing my
 My immediate impulse from no to what if and it's been interesting because
 You know in in my world and those are my story
 I'm a
 Conservative Mormon man who likes to sell things online like that's and I wrestle like that's my there's Russell Brunson in nutshell
 And some's like who is Russell like that's it right and even like within my my religion
 There's there's a lot of things that happen where where you know
 There's and I think I don't believe that their doctor know I believe their cultural
 but there's things that happen that are people are like no no no right and
 and
 What's cool is that because of that that experience ten years ago?
 I don't say no to everything anymore. I say what if and because that my life has been richer
 And not I mean money
 I mean people people that I would have said no to and would have rejected or earlier in my life because
 Cultural upbringing and blue and things like that instead of saying no I've said what if
 What if this person actually is a good person? What if they're struggling just like I am what if and it shifted from nose to what ifs and it's open up
 Amazing deep
 relationship to all over the place
 Ideas that have come to me. I went from no no no to what if and it's opened up this whole world of of that's it's been amazing
 It's been life-changing for me and for the people around me and so I want to show it because
 I'm like to show these act story because the person may or may not be listening
 So it doesn't really matters just the concept of someone who who is great in their field
 who was an amazing person amazing at what they do and they were at for liking live and and
 They just heard somebody talking about something that they should have
 Especially in their field of expertise. They should have said what if and they just said what if they would have learned and grown and been able to help
 Their clients so much more but since they're saying what if they said no
 And because that I stopped progressing and I think that for some reason and
 You know, it's funny. There's a word and it's it's not a word
 I say often because most of the time I look at it as like a curse word
 Which is funny?
 I know some of you guys are gonna laugh at me that this is like the worst curse word for me
 But it's the word damn right damn is stop and you're stopping yourself and you're literally damning yourself when you're when you're
 When you're saying no to things and then there are things you should say no to but I think that things should come and you should look at them
 And you should like try to figure things out in your mind, you know
 Pray about whatever it is, but but don't just throw out everything is no all the time
 I open it up and say what if what if this was true? What if this was something that could help me?
 What if what if this crazy person on stage who has helped?
 300 people naturally cure cancer. What if they know something?
 I don't know what if something I can take from this what there's a piece what if there's a nugget I can take back and
 Using my in what I do I look at marketing. I look at the last 15 years meeting this business
 I can count the number of friends who started 10 years ago and are still doing this business now
 On one hand and the reason why because most of them they they they learned it all a teachability index shrunk
 And they're like I know how this works and they they were certain absolutely certain what they were doing
 And because of that when things shifted or when things changed they fell apart
 I'd say the reason why I've been around reason why I have such long jevy in this business
 Why I'm one of the few of the dinosaurs that are they've been doing this now for 15 years is because
 10 years ago, I had this lesson that was instead of saying no I said what if and
 Now a new market ideas new concepts new new social networks
 You like all the stuff is always shifting and evolving and changing and saying say no
 Say what if and opens my mind it opens up the possibilities and I think for all of us no matter what sphere of influence you were in
 The worst thing you could do is it's to lose your teachability to think that what you learned in school
 And think that what you've learned up at this point is is absolute truth because it's not
 It's it's the absolute truth what you have right now, but there's more out there and
 You may not agree with everything someone says like I love Tony Robbins, but I don't agree with everything he says
 But I don't I don't because I don't say no to everything right
 there's a
 For the Mormons that one of our articles of faith that says if there's anything virtuous lovely of good reporter praise worthy
 We seek after these things and so for me
 It's like I'm I'm looking for those things like I meet Tony Robbins and I don't agree with 100% everything he agrees or he believes
 He says but if there's anything virtuous lovely of good reporter praise worthy I seek after these things
 I'm with Tony and like experience and I'm like hey, what if it's true?
 What if this is true like does this fit in like in my view of the world?
 And if not do I need to shift my view of the world or is it something that you know
 I I can disagree this piece and push this side it but I but I can still get all this amazing stuff
 I don't throw the baby out with the bath of water or whatever that expression is right like I'm able to look through those things and say okay
 What if what is good? What is virtuous lovely of good reporter praise worthy because I'm seeking after those things
 I want them I need them in my life and they're all all sorts of spots
 Like all truth for me is not in the Mormon church like it's there
 But I find truth from I find so much truth from my friends that are that are Baptists that are Muslims that are Buddhist that are
 That are atheists my friends that are there are gays and lesbians. I learned so much amazing things from like I don't
 I don't just shut all those things down. I don't think anybody should it doesn't mean I have to embrace
 beliefs or doctrines or things that I don't feel comfortable with it doesn't doesn't mean that I need to
 You know believe everything someone's teaching you about health or about fitness or about finances like
 But because I just you guys one little piece. I'm not gonna shut down everything
 I'm gonna say what if and I'm gonna take the good and I'm gonna push out the bad
 And I'm gonna from that get a more whole picture a more truthful picture of life in the world and the reality that we live in
 So I hope that helps somebody. I hope helps a lot of you guys. I just hope that
 And I know I'm preaching to the choir those who listen to this podcast aren't the kind of people who shut down their teachability and text right
 You guys are still have it open you're listening you're you're trying to learn
 But maybe you're you're super teachable in the marketing sphere
 But maybe you're not as teachable in in the thing that you actually do in the in the business in the fulfillment of the thing
 Maybe there's other truth out there and maybe you don't believe all of it
 But maybe there's something that you can bring back that you can add to what you're doing that'll make you more special
 I'm making more different. It'll make you more unique
 And those are the things that make you more money those are things to help you have the bigger impact
 And so look for those things. There's anything virtuous lovely good reporter praise worthy
 We seek after these things. All right with that said I'm gonna bounce you guys
 We're doing a swag drop today and we're launching the O you are funnels
 So a lot of fun stuff happening next hour and 14 minutes, and I'm looking forward to something to head out
 Appreciate you guys if you're enjoying this
 If you're enjoying this podcast, please go to iTunes rate review it
 I let me know and with that said I will talk to you as I can soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called calm
 Seekers and you get your free copy at calm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back sass startup company in the world
 [Applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
