 Hey everyone, it's Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing seekers podcast tonight. I'm gonna show you guys
 The one telltale sign to know if you're gonna be successful in business or not and it works 100% of time
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone's Russell, so
 We're on like day four or five of like binge all-nighters when my wife and kids are away out of town now my wife
 Doesn't get back till a couple more days with two my kids my youngest who would come back tomorrow, which I'm so excited
 This is come back today, and then they didn't so now
 Give me one more day to pull it on either. So it's about one o'clock now
 Today we have built and launched
 one two three four funnels
 And it's funny is that none of them are new funnels. They're all just rebuilds of existing funnels and this is hopefully less than four y'all
 Because I hate all my funnels even though they work pretty good, but there's still not done
 But guess what I did I launched them and better some money with them, and I'm fixing again
 I'm probably gonna fix them later, and I just keep getting better and better and better, but they're never done
 So don't be like oh my funnels not ready. I can't make money
 I just do it
 Just launch it make money and then fix it along the way and keep fixing it and ready firing
 Clickphones gives you that ability to change things and making better and better
 So that's what I do that's what you should do all right
 So before I pass out because I'm kind of like getting a loopy
 It was fun. I was a steam
 I spent like 30 minutes think we're getting tired and then I gave my internet marketing history lesson
 According to Russell Brunson. I showed him all my old sites and way back machine my first product my second my first three software
 Products I showed it was fun. We filmed most of it's hopefully to show up on funnel hacker TV
 But who knows we'll see
 while we're talking
 It was funny he was talking about how like in the past how he's that a lot of
 business partners and things and how some people
 I'll basically like all the business parties had like none of them ever
 Became successful and he was like kind of the one that came out the end that that was and he was him his wife
 We're discussing like why did that happen and why didn't it and he's just saying that I remembered something and I told him like
 And I obviously nowadays it's different people come to our events now
 It's different like because we've raised the prices and we've attracted real entrepreneurs and things like that
 but first then fires to shares my of my
 company we were selling to
 beginners and
 We were breaking my cardinal rule, which is
 Don't sell the broke people but we were so we had these events people come in and not that they were all broke
 I think there's some amazing people came through it, but it was definitely different different audience different crowd
 And I was telling myself that I would walk into our events with smaller events about 40 50 people and
 and I welcome everybody and everyone to do some cells and
 Within five seconds them introducing themselves. I knew with 100% certainty and accuracy
 Who hasn't succeeded and who wasn't was crazy and I always felt guilty like do I like?
 I've been doing some else like tell them like hey
 There's no way you could ever be successful like in this business you should leave or
 Should I like let them go through you know like part of it's like some people buy because they want success and good
 By because they want entertainment they want the excitement
 They like they like chasing the dream like the idea of the dream
 And so I feel like that's sometimes more about as valuable from about more valuable than what you give them that that makes sense like
 like
 I know what was it I can't remember who I learned from or where I heard it
 It was really good, but the concept was it was basically that like
 It was from a TV show someone shared it
 But basically like a lot of people like they don't want to take the leap and actually do the work
 It doesn't make sense because those of you who are producers like you that's when you
 Thrive off producing and doing it like moving forward
 But a lot of people they don't want to take that leap because they had this dream this vision
 What's gonna happen and if they do take the leap and if it if it fails then they lose their dream, right?
 And so for me like you know
 I know that this life is short and for a lot of us is just dreaming
 There's a lot of things that I do that I spend money on that are never gonna be real
 But like I enjoy it gets me dreaming as let's me dream and to think about something gets me excited and like it's that's part of it
 so so I never like told those people and they understood us like there's no way it'll be successful you should leave because
 again, I feel like
 You know there are other things. I don't try to impress
 like sometimes for us like
 And everyone here to listening is different like some of you guys like
 Success is the reason why you do this and like that's your value
 That's what you're looking for and sometimes we try to force our values on the people
 I've got a mastermind group my inner circle you guys know about that
 People wait 25 grand a year and some people come because they want to learn to execute other people come just want to hang out
 And if I try to push them to learn to execute it bothers them and they leave because like they like they say they want
 Success, they don't really want success. They want the networking
 They want the people who want a friendship they want connection with other people like them and and I totally respect that now
 I used to struggle with that what I was first getting started, but
 But people give you money for different reasons and most times it's not for why you think so don't push your own beliefs on them
 because they can screw things up so anyway, so people come in and I would know that and
 And I asked Stephen. I'm like, do you know how I could tell I'm curious if you would know and
 And so my question for you is that like how
 Like how did I know what was the telltale sign that with 100% certainty and accuracy
 I knew within a second if people were gonna be successful or not in in this business not in life
 They'd be successful other things but in this business
 Here's your thoughts are so think about it for second because I'm gonna tell you what the answer is and I'm a little nervous to tell you
 Some of you guys are gonna be like crap
 That mean I'm not gonna be successful and I don't think
 That that means you're gonna be successful
 but it does if you don't shift what you're chasing what you're thinking about because
 Everyone I know who has been successful. It's been the opposite. It's like again
 We would come in and after first session. I'd be like, okay, here's what three people are gonna be successful and everyone else is in the room
 They like yeah, I don't know how how like I feel that too and I kind of identified so this was the difference
 those who
 Who never had success
 When they introduced themselves when they talked about when they thought about it whenever they presented anything
 They were in the business
 Because they wanted to make money
 Those are people have failed
 You hear you're listening you're like what Russell. We all want to make money. That's why we got in this business, right?
 That's why I'm here
 That's why I'm starting you Russell because you teach people to make money and I want some of that right
 He's member wedding singer when my favorite movies all time when Adam Sandler like
 When Drew Barry Moore like goes to Mary whatever so he's all mad so he goes to the bank and he's trying to get it trying to get a
 Loan or sorry trying to get a job of the bank to like make money so that you like him and
 nor McDonald or no McDonald's what's his name?
 He's the banker and he's like why you know he's asking like his qualifications and and
 Adam sounds like well, I like money. I like some more of it. You've got some money and it's just like this
 Anyway, this funny thing so I twice slaughtered it, but it's really funny. Go watch wedding singer. Anyway, it's really tight. It's really late
 All right, so where did I leave off?
 All right, so the people that were not successful the people that
 That wanted to make money the people that were successful are people that were passionate and excited about the marketing
 Was the key that weird those who are excited by the marketing were the ones who were successful
 It was weird. I remember hanging out dating Smith one time and he said he told me said
 He said when he shifted from like not being successful means successful when he got excited and passionate about the marketing
 and he gave him sess with it and
 it's interesting because
 The business owners that I like to work with the entrepreneurs with entrepreneurs running the business
 Why because like they become passionate about the marketing of the thing?
 Whereas like bigger businesses. They think they're in the business of selling the thing
 Okay, like Apple you are not in the business of selling iPhone you were in the business of
 Excuse me not the iPhone business. You're the business of selling iPhones
 Like that's what Steve Jobs is that's why it was a big deal. It's why they the keynotes me
 It's just why all those things happen because he knew he was in the business of the selling of the thing not of the thing and
 That's what I found people introduce themselves like I'm then studying Russell
 I'm like geeking out reading the books. I love the market. I'm so excited and I've got this passion and I want to sell it
 I might boom that guy's gonna be successful that girls gonna be successful. They come in like hey, yeah, so
 You know I have a job and I really want I really want to make some extra money and
 Whatever I or hey, I'm just not happy with my man
 I want to make extra money for the every time it was like money focus they failed every time it was I
 Mean the stuff I'm excited. So hopefully because unfortunately
 Most educators make things really boring and I feel bad
 Through my college and high school careers most teachers really boring and I've tried my best to make marketing exciting because it is exciting
 It's exciting for me. I actually started this on Sunday. I recorded I decided I'm gonna start a religious podcast and record the first two episodes
 And it's hard because like I listen other religious podcasts and like
 They like they bore me and I'm like are you like how are you guys boring? Do you not understand like?
 Like what is happening? I love religion because like the greatest act in the history of the world happened
 There was this guy in Jerusalem. It wasn't just a guy
 But they were like this thing happened and it is so exciting
 We understand it what it means and like and so I'm trying to make my podcast as a side
 I'm excited about that other than about marketing. It's like
 My goal has been trying is to try to make the marketing exciting for you because I know that that's what gets people into it
 It's not the thing
 It's it's being excited about the marketing of the thing and that's the moral of today's lesson and so for you if you're struggling I
 think better than like
 Like the best advice I can give you is become obsessed with the marketing
 Become obsessed with reading the books and understanding the stuff and how it's like when you come obsessed with the marketing. That's that's gonna be successful
 So don't dabble go deep get excited get obsessed
 Hopefully my books are that hope my podcast will be fun I could teach that's why I put out so much content because I want you guys
 To say how much fun this can be like it's exciting
 It's almost exciting thing in the world most exciting business in the world most exciting time like
 You literally can have your own TV channel on a phone
 Like that's insane
 Okay, like like we're such an exciting time and I want you guys all to be excited
 So hopefully I'm exciting enough
 But I said like I really need to go to bed steamy to go bed
 Just 108 and like what being up at 108 is not that big of a deal
 It's of the fact that it's like five nights in a row or more
 Anyway, I'm gonna go but I appreciate you guys get excited by the marketing and
 If you do that it'll all work out it always does but you got to be passionate about the marketing and
 It's true anything in in life right like
 If you read expert secrets, you know we talked about the the external the internal journeys
 Those who focus on the external journey and the ones that that typically fails the internal journey, right making money's external
 I'm saying the marketing changing people's life serving telling stories. That's the internal. Okay, so those who read the book that that that's a clue
 But it's turned everything right weight loss. I'm losing weight. Okay, if your goals lose weight, you're probably not gonna do it
 Just so you know
 Yeah
 It's a hint. So what's the opposite? What's the internal?
 What's the internal thing that if you can't passionate about that excited by that then you're gonna lose weight?
 Okay, if your goal is to
 Pick any marketing whatever the external goals. That's your real driving passion. You're not gonna succeed
 Sorry sorry to break it to you. Okay, cuz I want to lose weight for a long time. I
 Didn't guess why something's side of losing weight
 Anyway, there's a hint hopefully it helps. All right, no more hints. I gotta go to bed
 Thanks guys. Appreciate you and talk to you soon
 One more marketing secrets
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called dot com secrets
 And you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 So find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (upbeat music)
