 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast on today's episode
 I actually wanted to talk about
 Something that Dean Gracio C and I had a long conversation about on a flight over to Florida and something that he will help you as well
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Okay, so this is the conversation and it's something that I think a lot of us entrepreneurs
 It's something we're really really good at on one side of the coin
 You're really bad at on the other side of the coin and that is building culture
 Right now you may look at ClickFunnels bankman Russell's both the most amazing culture of all time, right?
 and it's true I have built an amazing culture of
 Customers in our world and our community things on that right like if you read the experts secrets book
 The whole thing is focused on that like how to create a movement. How do we?
 How do we get those people and get them to believe and get them to move and get them to like all those kind of things right?
 The whole point of the expert secrets book is how to build a mass movement, right?
 Like that's the kind of the focal point. I feel like we've done that as good if not better than anybody else on the planet
 I'll say that I can say that right
 which is really really cool, but then on the other side and Dean and I had this conversation on a flight to Florida
 It's just we've been so good at building external community culture, but not as good at building an internal
 internal team staff culture and
 I accept they're thinking like why why is that like in my head? They should be the same thing or very similar right like
 It's culture. It's people they all should you know like
 if people are our customers are drawn to this mission like the the team members on a team should be as well, right and
 It's something that's always been confusing for me
 I think a big part of it is just because I've never actually had a job. I've never been on the team where I wasn't the
 The person on the team you I mean and so part of it's just definitely that like I just had to have the perspective or understanding and so
 I'll kind of start with that like I definitely think and understandably that's a big part of it
 And so I was trying to think back why and I've remember conversations
 I've had with team members and hopefully this will give you some insights
 I think what I've realized like I'm really good at creating culture in a community, but not inside of our company
 and
 We've been focusing and changing and trying to figure out how to do that because I believe that it's such a core
 Interval piece in fact I think some of the struggles we had in ClickFunnels kind of in the middle of years were because of that
 We didn't have the most amazing internal company culture and we've been trying our hardest
 Special blast and 12 18 months or so to change that as we're preparing for ClickFunnels 2.0 and things like that
 and I feel like it's better now
 There's probably been maybe ever since the very beginning which is cool
 So we are getting better at it, but definitely there's been a struggle
 I think like what is the thing that's caused us to struggle and
 And so the thing is just
 I didn't have empathy or understanding for our own team
 Right for me like the obsession of this mission is obsession for the end customer
 Like I will bleed and die to create and to serve and figure out ways to serve that customer and
 In my mind that should be what everybody else is doing as well
 Right, so like I'm out there killing myself and so for me
 It's all about this other person like this customer who I'm who I'm killing myself for
 Right and so like that's where I'm trying to to like all my focus is there
 So when someone come to me and they're like, I don't feel appreciated
 I don't feel like you care about me stuff. I'm like, what are you talking about?
 This isn't about this isn't about me or you this is about that person over there like that customer
 That's the person we're trying to serve me. I was confused by that
 And so I think because I definitely have some conversations with my team that shouldn't have had I didn't incorrectly
 Because I get I didn't understand I was just like this isn't about me or you this is about the customer
 I don't understand that and when I realized
 After talking to Dean and just thinking through this a lot is that where for me the end customer is
 The customer, right? It's like it's the entrepreneur who's learning my stuff and like and having the husband like that's who my end customer is
 That's why I'm trying to serve me. I'm like killing myself trying to impress and make happy, right?
 And I get the feedback from them right they post on social media to have changes and the aha's
 I have it's like I get the feedback from them
 But for my customer for my internal team the customer isn't necessarily the end customer
 It is indirectly but for them. I'm the end customer
 Like I'm the person they're trying to impress or trying to figure out right and so
 That was the shift in the aha like as much as I'm trying to like kill myself
 For for the entrepreneur that I'm serving and getting them to like notice me and I want feedback and I want them to praise me
 Tell me how great I am
 The same thing my team wants my but I'm my team's customer right like they're creating stuff for me
 And then I'm creating stuff for the you know for for my customer. So I also realize like oh my gosh like
 That's why I'm doing this incorrectly like the end customer for my internal team is me
 Right they want my validation. They want my feedback. They want me to be happy
 And so as frustrated as I was with them initially just like this isn't about me or you this about the end customer
 For them. I am the end customer and that was just like shifting my head like oh my gosh
 That's what I have to understand. So again, I've not been perfect at this
 But when you're building your own internal company culture you have to realize that you and the stakeholders in your company
 the whoever it is like
 As much as you want your internal team to have you know the end customers there as they're you know as the person
 They're trying to serve and it is like in reality their job depends on them serving you and so
 What I had that like it's soft in me. I was like oh I get it like I
 Feel like the journey situation now because I didn't understand it ahead of time
 And so I want to show us entrepreneurs because I think for a lot of us
 You like me and all your folks on is the customer you're serving and your team is there killing themselves and you're frustrated
 Why are they working hard or why are they doing this stuff? Why aren't they don't they see what we're doing?
 Like why do they want feedback? Why do they want me to get you know all those kind of things?
 It's like oh, it's because you are their customer and when you start understanding it make that little shift
 It's like okay. Well now I need to figure out like how do I how do I how do I serve them?
 I care to create culture where where they know that I'm happy with them
 They know that I'm grateful for the things they've done
 Just like I'm trying to get a validation for my customer
 Right like when they have success and get a hand raise like that's huge for my team when I get my handers
 And when I have success that's how they went and so I have to figure out ways to like include them in success
 They can feel happy about the success of the pose to be just hoarding all the accolades from the end customers that makes sense
 Anyway, it's just a little a little shift in thinking a little aha because I think so many of us are great at building our
 Community cultures and we're not that good at building our internal team cultures
 That's not all of you. Some of you guys are the opposite
 You're amazing your team is like the greatest culture of all time your people would would die for you
 They would go to the edge of the earth for you, right?
 but
 But maybe you don't have the community culture right someone it's a it's a
 It's a business people coming in there going and buying something and leaving
 And so just want to kind of put that in your mind that that that shifts in perspective because when I had that shit
 It's like oh, I am the customer. I got to change how I'm thinking about things how I'm doing
 So anyway, hope that helps. I appreciate you all thanks for listening if you enjoy this episode of podcast or any of the episode of the podcast
 Please let us know I'm gonna start doing I think more long-form
 Episodes as you can see watching the video version. I'm in the Napoleon Hill room. I always got decorated
 We got my phones. We got speakers. We have a bunch of cool stuff in here. So probably some more longer-form
 Podcasts and stuff moving forward, but
 Anyway, I'm excited. There's so many cool things happening quick phones 2.0 is close for like a live
 2022 I think that the year we're in
 All the years are blur now is close all the things are close and you're about to see some fun stuff coming from quick phones
 HQ so I appreciate you all thanks for hanging out. Thanks for listening and
 If I can help you, please let me know in the
 Yeah, wherever you you can take a picture of this tag me in it and drop your questions
 I'll try to respond to them in and for the future episodes. So thanks again. You guys appreciate you all and we'll talk soon. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now
 At no BS letter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the Millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one for me to get this gift
 And your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
