 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 I'm excited talking to you today. I hope you're excited to hear from me today if not just skip to the next episode, but
 anyway, I'm gonna be talking today about
 A question I just asked Rachel Hollis asked her how in the world have you sold?
 I said a million copies of her book show me this 4.3 million or something crazy like that
 So you want to answer how she did it? You're gonna find out in this episode of the marketing seekers podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody, so I hope you guys are surviving quarantine. I didn't shave today. So I got a little bit of a beard growing out
 I'm
 I was doing Facebook lives every day for like three and a half weeks and then I just stopped
 like
 Getting back into it to work and working through a whole bunch of stuff and anyway, it's been it's been fun
 This week's been really cool for me. I did a juice fast. I've not eaten in five days
 but
 On top of that been like focusing on like redoing all of our stuff and shifting our whole company around in fact
 This kind of was interesting. I was talking to I just had a call with Rachel Hall us and talking about a bunch of stuff
 In fact, I'm gonna share something from that call here in a minute, but one of the things she talked about
 She said if you read the book the hard thing about hard things. I said, yeah, I read the hard thing about hard things
 Come on now. That's a good book
 Anyway, she's the one things I literally forgot about this is one of the things that the author talked about it
 there was that there's a difference between a peacetime general and a wartime general and
 And she talked about some stuff she was doing I was like we literally said the same thing and I it was interesting and I was like
 Oh my gosh like
 We're shepping stepping this new time this new area where it's like for us to be leaders for our teams and for our people or for our families
 It's like there's there's differences in like a peacetime general in the wartime general
 And so if you understand that the wartime general's not like okay, let's have committees and discuss like no
 This is what has to happen. We're doing it. You're gonna listen
 We're gonna go and like anyways
 It was kind of interesting so maybe feel validated in some of the stuff I'm doing and some of the things I'm moving
 I'm moving a lot of cheese around in the company right now
 In fact, I don't know if you're the book who my cheese, but
 Anyway, someone said
 Said here at ClickFunnels the cheese cheese will so they're just rolling all the time so it's always constantly moving but
 It makes some big shifts and some big changes anyway
 So I was kind of cool like the wartime generals versus peacetime generals, but anyway, I digress
 So we're talking Rachel super honored. She's I sent them her and her husband a copy of the
 Secret's trilogy box it and they actually started reading her in quarantine and she read the dot-com secrets book and experts
 She's in traffic secrets right now. So
 Anyway, so we jumped on a call and just kind of brainstormed and she asked me a couple questions
 And I asked her a couple questions and the number one question I asked is how in the world does you sell a million copies of your book without any paid ads?
 And and she kind of laughed and then she said it's actually four four point three million so far
 That's just one of the books. She's told she's got two books and
 And I was kind of just joking cuz I was like I don't think I can replicate what she did like it's insane
 But then she came back and she said something really cool. I was just like oh my gosh. It was really cool
 She said and she's like over the over the decade. I was before I wrote the book
 I was listening to my audience and do the questions I could ask over and over again
 So I wrote the book answering those questions, you know
 She's like there are 20 20 questions
 I got the most and so I had 20 chapters in each chapter is addressing a question with my shirt
 But how I figured out how I got my got through and I thought that's pretty cool
 And she's like she's like right now though
 I just finished my third book and it's supposed to go live
 It's just like I told my publisher to stop and she's like I'm gonna do a single crashing the
 Can she call it crashing the presses or out of something?
 She's like no that is I'm like no
 She's like it's where she's like you know when a celebrity dies like you know three weeks later the book comes out on their their lives
 like that's what's crashing and
 crashing crashing the
 Anyway, whatever's called where it basically come out real quick
 The write a book really you know very timely then launch it as quick as possible to kind of to kind of ping you back off of current events
 And she said right now she's like what my audience needs is not the third book
 I wrote she like they need this other book that hadn't written yet
 So she's like I'm writing a book. I'm trying I've got a month to write this entire book
 we're gonna crash the preciousness and coming out while we're on quarantine and
 And uh, and she talked about how it's just like it was interesting because she was like I know that my women are not thinking about
 What the topic of book number three was they're talking about this and so like if I gave book number three
 They wouldn't pay attention. They would sell it. Well, it's just it's not what's the top of their mind
 you say this is what's top of their mind and uh
 And I was thinking about that and then I remember I was talking to Dean Gracios
 So you we do a me and dean do a call every week just kind of brain dump and um, I show mocha so if we're doing it
 Cool stuff. He's doing one of the biggest things that all his ads are working the best right now
 Literally, um are starting talking about the economy like grab people where they're at like hand or you freaking out about the condimenters
 Just out but and then wraps it into whatever the thing is was ads are in the best. He also went back to his auto webinars
 um
 selling mind mint or selling um
 Excuse me the kvv mastermind.com thing and uh, it's interesting because it's like they they do this whole
 um
 They do the uh
 They do the um
 The actual uh webinar that was him and tony and me and janet stuff
 But then the webinar starts and soon the tonan de introduce himself. It stops like uh and it pulls out and he's like hey
 Really quick for I get into this. This was recorded on this day. Um we're coming back right now
 Ever since we recorded this little everything shipped in is changed and like things are chaos and economy and as we bridge that gap
 Meet some other ad and drives back into the webinar afterwards and that dramatically increased their conversion rate
 So it's just interesting um, so my question for you is like looking through that lens
 again is like
 And this is not just for quarantine time, but for any time like what is the thing?
 There's number one concern or fear on my audience's mind right now
 And how do you enter the conversations already happening inside their mind and they need to tie it back to your product or make a product around that?
 um
 Anyway, I think I know we know these things and I think about them, but like
 it
 I think a lot of times they think about like how do you capitalize on the moment? It's not that it's it's more entering the conversation inside someone's mind and uh
 You know, and if it's crazy because like that's what rachel tributes
 for
 Booktube she literally was the number one. There's only one author. Michelle Obama's only person out solar last year on the on the
 New York Times list, which is crazy. Um
 But it all came back to that came back to
 To to to really getting deep inside their mind and knowing exactly what they're looking for so
 Um, anyway, I'm curious if you guys do you know what your customers are freaking out about?
 And you know how to
 Communicate that and grab their attention because that and then and then transform that into a way that your product gets them out of that pain
 Or losing towards the pleasure they're looking for
 Um
 Anyway, that was my big insight. So there's a couple insights from there
 Hopefully get a couple of these number one the difference between a peacetime general and the wartime general
 If you want to go deeper than that go read the hard thing about hard things by Ben Horowitz I think it's the name
 um
 Inside symbol one number two is if you want a bestseller or best selling ad campaign or high-com vlogger
 webinar, it's entering the conversation is happening right now
 Addressing it and then showing how your product your service your thing
 Either moves that person towards closer towards pleasure or more away from pain
 Um, anyway fascinating day. So anyway, it's friday. I'm gonna fish my juice fast today and then tomorrow you eat some food
 What it's been five days
 Uh, I am down, uh seven pounds this morning though. So I feel good. I was up eight to start
 So I hope I tomorrow I'm back to scratch where I back to my fighting weight before the quarantine 19 or whatever hits so
 Um, anyway, I appreciate you guys all hope you enjoyed this episode if you learned anything cool
 Please take a snapshot of it tag me on facebook or instagram share with your friends family and other people
 And uh, with that said, I appreciate you all thanks so much and I'll talk to you guys all soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Um arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the click phones community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel away from something some you guys are one funnel way
 From quitting your job. Some you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts
 And you guys are front away from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand
 This strategy. Hope you have some tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So, uh, I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way dot com. That's one funnel way dot com and join the next challenge
 It was a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way dot com
 (upbeat music)
