 Good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast today. I am
 streaming from the Golden Gate Bridge
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Everyone so welcome to this episode. I am literally like
 100 feet away from the Golden Gate Bridge. We snuck down past the do not walk past this
 spot signs and we snuck down here to get some videos and some footage and
 We're waiting for the sunrise on the Golden Gate Bridge. It's all cloudy and foggy and
 It's starting to appear, but there's like 15 20 miss for Sun pops
 And so I thought I need to just bring them on some cool things that I want to share with you guys so
 A couple things I am out right now in San Francisco obviously at
 Salesforce's big huge event. It's called dream force and
 When we decided to come out here everyone kept asking like why are you guys? Why are you going to Salesforce's event?
 What's the point of it? And so I want to kind of tell that story so you understand why we're here and the reason why I got excited
 Hopefully it helped you guys as well. So
 Dream our Salesforce is the biggest company in my world, right?
 I think they said the last year they did 13 billion dollars in sales
 This event had 171,000 businesses that came to it. So my little funnel hacking live. I thought was so cool and so big
 It's tidy in comparison and
 Anyway, it's funny because as we were talking about coming out here and thinking we should come I
 I remembered a story that thought was really important. So when I got started wrestling. I was a I was in eighth grade and I started wrestling
 So I started a little a little
 Older than most people most people start when they're when they're kids
 For whatever reason I started in eighth grade and I remember my eighth year
 I kind of liked wrestling was okay, but the end of the season
 There was the state tournament my dad took me to the state tournament and so went there
 And I remember sitting up in the stands and watching the people in the state of Utah the best of the best wrestling and competing
 And I remember in the finals two kids two guys for my high school ended up in the finals
 they both end up winning one was named Matt Wood and
 and
 And our heavyweight I can't remember his name on top my head right now
 But they both made the finals and they both won and remember seeing them watching it
 I was like oh my gosh
 There's these guys from my high school who won a state title and then we're going back home
 And I was like I want to be a state champ like that just that thought was my head
 I was like I'm gonna be a state champ and I said that is my goal said it is a target
 I started going and started running sort of moving and
 Fast forward now a couple years my my junior year in in high school
 I won the state title and it was awesome. It was amazing and everything and then
 And it was kind of cool then fast forward. I went to college
 and so he has known high school ended up in high school took second place in the nation
 I was an all-American and then and then and then what's college and in college
 I never I never went to the NCAA tournament. I never went to the nationals. I never I never saw those things right
 I had as a goal. I think I'm gonna be a national champ
 But I'd never actually seen it in fact the first time I actually went to the NCAA wrestling championship was after I had
 graduated from Boise State
 Which means I never actually made it to the tournament. I missed my goal
 Every year, I never actually made it and I remember thinking
 One day I said friend BJ right and he told me he's like he's like
 So his dad used to always take him to national terms because they're like he didn't care about being a state champ
 He just wanted to be a national champion going to be trying to be a national champ
 That was his his goal and I remember thinking I'm like gosh like I love my dad took the state championship
 He gave me a goal and I was able to see it and I was able to go run and achieve that thing
 But because I never seen the national tournament
 I didn't know what to look like I it's hard to run towards something you know you haven't seen and you can't
 You know I mean and so
 And I remember always thinking like man, I wish I would have went in high school to the NCAA wrestling tournament
 So I could have seen it because then I would have known what the goal was
 I was seeing the like this is where I'm trying to get to right and so fast forward now tell this this event right
 Last year a bunch of guys for my team came out to this event and they're telling me like there are 170,000 businesses
 like like they shut down San Francisco. There's like 50 different plate like I think it's there's
 different keynote speakers that are happening this weekend like it's it's massive
 There's it's it's like a whole different level and as they were telling about I was like, oh my gosh
 That's that's the next level. I was like I look at
 The market that I'm in right and I was like okay when I got started and we're looking at things like who's out there?
 Like Bill Glaser had GKIC and that was like the biggest event company and then Ryan DICE had traffic conversion and then
 You know infusion soft was there and leave it and it's like I had these known people
 I was able to see like who who are the people were trying to to
 Not compete against like some some situations compete against but like I saw those things. I was like, okay, I seen
 GKIC with 1200 people like I know what that event looks like and so I was able to go out there and
 Build a company and get to 1200 people met right and then I saw Ryan DICE those guys had done traffic conversion
 It's like 3,000 people slash you're like boom got to 3,000 people
 But now it's like we've surpassed all these people and it's like what's the next?
 What's the next thing like I don't know where to go and so we found out Salesforce had 170,000 businesses here
 They do 13 billion dollars a year in sales. I was like that's the next level like I need to go
 I need to go and witness and I need to go see it
 Just like I would go to the national tournament because it's like see it then I can like then becomes real and I got a goal right in my mind
 And some of the podcast episodes in the past I've talked a little about this how I've just
 It's been harder and harder for me to see the vision because we've kind of surpassed everything that like all the known things like all the
 all the known like
 Levels that I was aware of that I knew that I wanted to try to get like I'd seen those levels
 And we we worked towards them and we surpassed them like we
 Accomplished those goals and now it's like trying to figure out okay now
 That's what's the next goal so we came here to be able to see that here's the next target
 It's funny because even on the way here literally we're coming here and I'm like
 And in my mind I'm like it's so big like 170,000 businesses like I don't even know if I want to go that path like
 Like it just seems so hard and so big and so far away and then yesterday we got here so we flew in in the morning and
 After we got here
 We started we went got our name badges and started experiencing it right we're walking around I noticed some
 Some really cool things so if you've read the expert secrets book
 You know a lot of my beliefs on how to build your own culture right and it talked about like okay like you have a
 Like a like it your your tribe has to call themselves something right that if you somewhere like a for a future-based
 Cause they're all moving towards that all these different things right and I started as we were going around
 I started noticing and watching all these things
 I looked it so Salesforce is named the company dream forces the name of the event
 And then when you come inside of it and all the theming and all the branding for their company is all around
 It's like this camping thing right so they had this thing called trailhead and trailhead is like
 Is is like their customer success platform right it's like some something comes in the Salesforce
 You get a trailhead and trailhead walks you through like the steps you need to go on to be successful
 So the trailhead and then they had
 They call their people trailblazer so everyone's like I'm a trailblazer you look at all the success story videos
 They showed so here's so-and-so a trailblazer and they show all the companies that you salesforce tonight
 Here's this company their trailblazer and like
 associating everybody if you get all the signage everywhere is interesting all their sponsors instead of like having a sponsorship sign
 They took the sponsors. They had their designers match it and they're like like we'll say IBM was one of their sponsor
 like IBM is a trailblazers and they have all the design and the branding food of IBM
 But in mixed in there so it's like this co-branding opportunity and now it's like all these companies like almost taking credit for their success
 Like oh IBM is a trailblazer. Oh so is the trailblazer
 Similar we do with our funnel hackers right like
 Lady boss or funnel hackers, you know everyone and all these different companies we work with
 Our funnel hackers right and so that was really fun to see I was interesting in each of their core departments, right?
 So they have like their their service delivery department. They've got their
 There I can't think tough my head is too early in the morning right now
 But each department has like an actual character and so they have these the characters
 Who were on the trail on the trailhead and they're all trailblazers
 And just it was cool the way the branding all kind of sink together. So it's fun to see some of those things
 All right, so that's the first step the next thing is
 And I've been I've been talking more about this. I don't know if I've talked about much on the podcast
 There's a really cool book that I had my entire team read called play bigger and play bigger is this book about
 Creating your own category and I could probably do a whole podcast episode on it
 But the basic gist is like in every market there is a category king right and a category king sucks up
 like 90% of the business and then the last 10% like fought over by everybody else, right and
 and
 If you look at like for any of us like we're developing a business a company like we need
 You don't want to be on the 10% that are fighting over the scraps inside of a category
 You want to develop your own category, right?
 So that book played biggers all about like how to how to design and develop your own categories really good
 And a lot of similarities to be expert secrets and creating your own new opportunity, which is interesting, but I digress
 We'll come back that another day, but with one thing that she is that first phase of
 Becoming a category keys you create the define the category and the second phase then is you build the ecosystem to support the category
 Okay, and so you'll notice and click funnels are next month or so us launching things that are going to be all about building an ecosystem
 For the category that we own right we are the sales funnels category
 And so we're building this ecosystem
 So it's cool here as well to see the ecosystem like if you read mark Benny off the book called behind the clouds
 You'll see strategically. He was like we're building this thing
 That's the sales force, but we need to build an ecosystem of other people who can build off our platform
 Okay, our products are product our product is a platform and you start looking at what you're creating as a platform instead of just a product
 That's when you can start building out your own ecosystem
 And so I don't show you guys like you're just in the spot in where you're just building a product and you're selling it
 And that's awesome, but I want you to start thinking I want you to open your vision of like what's the platform I could create right?
 Now for me obviously it's the software platform, but there's platforms are just software platforms. They're training platforms there are
 Yeah, like anything can be a platform if you just shift how how you think about it right?
 So anyway, so they build this platform sales force and then they build this ecosystem where people could plug into the platform
 But businesses can be built on top of it, right?
 In fact, it's funny when we launched ClickFunnels and remember thinking about infusion software
 I can fusion soft is built this ecosystem of people that all these jobs have been created because of
 because of infusion soft right and
 It's a really real click fun. It's right. We want to do the same thing
 We want to build a really cool platform. There's like this whole ecosystem whole like
 You know all these companies pop out and like become companies because of ClickFunnels in fact a little while ago
 We were doing the math on how many jobs have been created because of ClickFunnels and it's fascinating like
 There's like the jobs of of our employees, right? And there's the jobs of our customer
 all the 65,000 customers all of their employees and there's like then there's the external jobs
 There's the copywriters the designers the programmers the like all the other things and like I think we're doing the math
 And we're trying to make be conservative in our conservative guests with about 250,000 jobs have been created because of ClickFunnels
 We've created a whole ecosystem of people right?
 But it was sales forces done they take it to the next level
 Which is like I was blowing my mind we're walking through these things and you see they had vendor booths, right?
 And the vendor booths are like tiny like I think some of the boost people are paying
 I think they said the small ones that are like, you know three or four feet wide
 It was like 20 grand a booth the bigger ones like a hundred
 150 200 grand the really big ones like a million dollars for these booths there were beautiful booths, right?
 And but each of the booths they all integrate with sales force
 It wasn't just like here's the sponsor. It was like it was like here's the sponsor a sales force company, right?
 Like everything's co-branded back to it's like and so all these people are building products that plug into Salesforce and now it's like
 It's like Salesforce is expanding its reach
 With all these other companies even though they don't they don't own those companies
 They don't hire the employees or hire the developers but like every time a new company plugs in Salesforce grows because
 Because they built this platform, right? They are the category key of CRM
 So everybody else who builds anything that's really to CRM has to plug into them
 So all those 10% of people that are fighting over the scraps instead like like not having part of that business
 You open up the ecosystem and you plug people into your platform and now when those people grow you grow like everybody grows together
 Which is how you maintain your status as the category king. Ah so much fascinating marketing theory
 I could go deep into five more time
 But alas the Sun is rising over the Golden Gate Bridge. It's looking beautiful. Oh so cool
 Anyway, but what was cool was watching this is as all these companies who were there they weren't just sponsors with the booth
 They were all people who were part of the ecosystem. They're all Salesforce partners and you know, I don't know how many
 Hundreds of millions dollars. They made just on the booths space alone, but it's really cool to see that
 I was sure one more thing and I think I'm in a rap because my nose is starting to run and it's giving cold my fingers are cold
 but
 Dana Derek's
 Who is one of my favorite people?
 He was the inner circle meeting last week and he shared something that was really really powerful that relates back to what we're talking
 about here
 So he was talking about if you read comm secrets, you know
 I talk a lot about the concept of the value ladder, right?
 So when it comes in on your value ladder if there's you value the nationally want to send up the next level of the value ladder
 And if they value there, they'll naturally set up the next one to keep going up its value ladder
 So Dana drew this value ladder. He's like we're also been preaching this for 10 years. Here's the value ladder
 They said no, it's interesting if you look at this value ladder in the left hand side
 What's happening? Okay? All the marketing all the selling all the things that you were currently doing is increasing desire, right?
 For a thing to think about like the books I've written the webinars. I do the products
 I sell like everything I'm doing I'm trying to sell my products
 But what's really happened? I'm creating desire in the marketplace for sales funnels, right?
 And for all the things around sales funnels because I'm creating this huge desire
 So that's the that's the left hand this value ladder
 And what day it is the top of the value ladder then he went down the other way and built like
 The backside went down so look almost like a mirror image of the value ladder
 I still end up looking like this pyramid it goes up and it goes back down the other side
 He said was interesting is like if you look at it from like Russell talked about earlier
 I was I talked about this concept of category Kings and building your own ecosystems if you look at it from that standpoint
 He's like left hand side. We're creating desire, right?
 And this is a whole like supply and demand so it increases the demand for it, right?
 And he said
 So the left the left side of a value ladder all about increasing
 demand and desire for
 For the thing that you're selling for the category you're developing you're designing and then the right hand side the value ladder now
 And I wish I could draw this out for you as it would be more clear
 But this is where because the demand the left hand side is going up
 It's creating this whole marketplace is creating
 There's now demand like I just look in my world right because of everything we talk and teach about now
 There's demand for copywriters for logo designers for graphic designers for funnel builder builders for traffic generation thing all these all these new jobs and opportunities and things that have
 Have become more desirable as there's more desire. There's more need for it the demand has gone up
 And so then the second side of your business now the backs of the value ladder is where you create
 The supply you create the ecosystem, right?
 Salesforce comes out there just thirteen billion dollars in sales talking about CRM in this huge marketplace of
 1971,000 businesses who are here who don't tell me you're actually using their platform, right?
 It's insanely big they've created this huge demand for it. So now the second side of their businesses they create
 As they fill up the supply, right?
 So all these other companies are able to plug into Salesforce's machine and Salesforce is tied into all these things and Salesforce
 is getting paid on every single interaction, right? Somebody with you know
 I look at every single booth it was there at this place like any of these booths when they plug into Salesforce
 They become a Salesforce company like and they're not necessarily being purchased by Salesforce
 But they're some of them are but but they're like plugging into it, right?
 Where they're like their platforms integrated with the other platform they plug into it now all those people when they plug into
 And I think Salesforce calls there's the app store something similar similar to Apple with Apple is their app store
 But their platform is like you plug into their platform and then you get access to
 To the whole Salesforce universe, right? So so all this huge built-up demand then you're creating some your the people
 They're plugging in the other side of ecosystem or creating the supply to feed the demand and it's interesting and so
 And for me to really go deep on this topic for you guys would take take like an hour to kind of map it out on a whiteboard
 So hopefully I'm not
 Doing it too too shallow where you're missing out on anything
 But just understand that as you define your category
 I'm gonna become the category king in this in this business in this market
 Then on the other side of it, it's all about
 You can now create things that that feed that fuel this demand, right? You can make money on both sides of the value ladder
 You know for us we're launching the funnel roll decks
 Which is like this whole ecosystem of providers, right?
 And we'll make a little Chinese transaction on everyone the services that happens to the thing but we've created the demand for it, right?
 We have 65,000 customers who are demanding sales funnel services and people are trying to find them now
 It's just not been organized. We're building this unified marketplace everything's together and then we plug that
 That supply into the huge demand we've created and we make money on both sides of the transaction, right?
 And our customers come more successful because they have access this huge supply
 And and then more customers come in and then it just kind of keeps building itself and it helps dominate helps
 Build in your dominance as the actual category king. Ah, so cool so fascinating
 So
 There you go guys. That's over here. We're here
 Because I wanted to see sales force
 I wanted to see what the next level was and it's funny because coming in yesterday
 I was a little intimidated but after sitting in that room with I don't know
 5,000 other businesses and watching Mark Benioff delivers keynote and seeing the people and seeing the software seeing innovation seeing the ecosystem seeing all the stuff
 I don't know about you, but me personally look at that
 I was like this is doable like this in my hand in my head ahead of time was so big
 Just like the wrestling national tournament like I'd never been there so my head was this huge deal
 It's because it was such a big deal is freaking out
 I was stressed out and I choked every single year trying to get there because in my head was this bigger deal than it was
 Remember I actually went to the national term national term the first time I'm sitting there and I was watching it
 I was like this is just another tournament like it's on a bigger stage, but I can compete at this level like
 I wish I would have seen this five years ago because I would have shifted everything I would have had more belief when you believe you can actually accomplish, right?
 So for me the same thing I flew in here in San Francisco yesterday
 Scared and nervous and awkward and after seeing it I was like oh my gosh like like what they've created is amazing
 But it's doable like I see the path now like for us to to create something that is we could do it
 We can do like the path has been trailblades for us
 Which we use their their terminology for right it's there
 You even like from a financial standpoint like when salesforce in public they had the same revenues click-thongs this today, right?
 So it's like I can I think they're like eight years ahead of us so like in eight years from now
 This could be click funnels
 And I'm gonna do a lot faster though because we got funnels and they don't right so we'll speak of the process
 But now I see the vision I see the direction I see was possible and now I know it's possible now
 We can go and we can accomplish it because now we believe so that's why I came here
 So for you guys hopefully there's a bunch of lessons here in this for you guys right lesson number one
 First lesson is for you is to go see like like whatever you're aspiring to become like
 Go and find that and and and like experience it so you can see it so it's not this scary weird thing
 But it's like tangible like oh my gosh like that's what it's like I can do that once you see it
 Then you can believe it and you can go and you can do it right? So that's number one number two. I would read the book play bigger
 To figure out what your category is we're talking about as a team like we didn't understand these principles when we launched click funnels
 But at the time like you look at this voodoo came in and said click funnels is a CRM, right?
 Salesforce was is the category king and if it goes fasting throughout history throughout times almost almost never it's like
 Very rare does the category king ever get disrupted like once you define your spot as the category king
 You're pretty much there unless you know government interaction comes and shuts you down or something like that
 But other than that like if you define the category and you become the king like you you're there like you're not
 We losing it right so if we came in a bike quick funnels
 We're like the best CRM in the world
 We would never would have success right infusion soft is been marking automation came out like we're the best marking automation platform in the world
 We wouldn't have succeeded if we came out
 We're the best landing page builder in the world
 We're gonna succeed right because they were defying category Kings and each those categories we came out
 We said we are the best sales funnel builder in the world
 We were the only sales fun
 Well, there's some crappy ones, but for the most part
 We were the only sales funnel building world we defined the category then we created the category and now we are the category Kings
 And we're in a spot now where it would be unless I screw up or the government shuts us down or our servers explode like we're not leaving
 Right like we have we have carved out our spot there and so for you it's like
 You got to figure out but I we easily could have positioned ourselves as the landing page builder could position ourselves as these other things
 But we didn't instead we we transitioned and we created our own category
 So for you it's like if you're in this spot where you like oh my gosh
 There's a category king in my market like you can keep fighting over the 10% of scraps
 Or you can say how do I how do I redesign this category where I am the only one there where I can become the category king
 Right, it's a shift from CRM to sales phones for market automation to sales on some landing page the sales phones from you know
 I mean like
 That was the shift for me. That was shift for clickfannels. What's your shift?
 Right that's next thing the third the third big takeaway from this
 Hopefully is after you figure out like the category and you're creating all this demand and desire through the products and services
 You're selling then the third step in this process is how do you come back and how do you create the ecosystem?
 Support yourself as the category king if you build a strong ecosystem. There's no way you can crumble
 I think the strongest thing that Salesforce has is not their software. There's software is not that good
 I think their movements pretty cool. I think a lot of the branding is cool
 But I think honestly the most powerful thing that Mark Benioff did when they built Salesforce was they open up their app store
 And they build their ecosystem. I look at this thing here in San Francisco
 I wish I could take you guys all in this journey with me and you can walk around and see this thing
 It's insane right 171 thousand businesses are here an entire San Francisco shut down literally
 I can walk into any
 The restaurant in San Francisco and they won't if you don't have a sit yourself force badge on they will not let you in and if they let you
 And all the foods free like Salesforce paid for all the food in San Francisco this week like it's like they shut the city down
 right it's it's
 It's it's literally insane. I feel like like what was it the core thing that actually caused that again?
 It's not the software right the core thing
 I believe what has maintained them as the category king
 You can see you level them up is the building of the ecosystem the focus on the ecosystem the ecosystem
 The ecosystem is what is what it's like the foundation
 That that like solidifies your spot in the market and so think about that for yourself
 Like what what is the ecosystem you're building you're building up all this demand and desire through the products and services
 You're selling to your value ladder
 Then the backside of that what are the things you can create an orchestra to create?
 An ecosystem for people to plug into an app store people to plug into
 Whatever that is to fulfill the demand that you're creating
 Okay, some of you guys is gonna be you're gonna certify people to do the training that you do that that's an ecosystem right?
 Some of you guys are gonna be building
 And if you're software opening your platform, that's one of our big initiatives or next year's open for our platform
 So that everybody can be building on click fun. It's like
 You know, we want a hundred and one thousand one ten thousand app developers developing amazing apps that plug into click fun
 It's like that's part of the vision right because that's the ecosystem. I want to open up the marketplace so that there are
 Jobs that we are facilitating we're taking this pent up demand and desire
 We've been building and plugging it into all the people who want to be doing the services and plugging those things in
 And as we do that those companies will grow dramatically the software companies will grow there like all these people who could be our competitors
 Will not become our partners and it will solidify us even stronger is a category key and keep it stable
 Same thing you should be thinking as well. So this is a long one. There's a lot of cool things in there
 I hope you guys got some value from it
 and
 Yeah, go and go and figure out who yourselves forces and go go to the big stage
 Check it out and be inspired and see the path of where you got to go next. All right guys with that said
 My fingers are frozen. I'm gonna go and watch the sunrise here on the Golden Gate Bridge
 and
 We appreciate you guys
 If you haven't if you guys don't follow me on Instagram
 You totally should because I've been instagraming all this you would have seen me today sneaking past the do not trust past signs
 Sneak down for I'm filming right now. You see us doing all these sorts of crazy stuff. We're filming our life
 In the Instagram stories all the time. You get to meet my daughters my kids my my wife everyone
 So if you want to hang out this in real time as we're going these journeys you should go follow me on Instagram
 He's going Instagram comm slash Russell Brunson
 You have the option phone to log in five times a day and just check in see what we're doing because there's a lot of
 Fun stuff happening every day sharing. It's like basically my reality show
 So if you want to know what in the world I've been doing day by day
 You want to see like while we're at Salesforce
 Given watching us behind the scenes seeing me at many off the keynote like all those things are happening right?
 Tomorrow actually tonight tonight. We're flying in Chicago and then we're gonna be jumping in Grant Cardone's new Gulfstream
 Jet and we're flying and we're gonna be building a funnel for him with him
 30,000 feet in the air it's gonna be insane right so
 And all this stuff will be Instagram
 So if you want to like follow these things in real time come join our reality show over Instagram comm slash Russell Brunson
 go watch our stories because
 We're living we're living this marketing lifestyle and
 There you can kind of follow me on these journeys. So all right guys appreciate you all these lists in the podcast
 If you enjoy this episode take a screenshot of it on your phone
 And then go and share on Instagram share on Facebook
 Tag hashtag marketing secrets and tag me that way I can see as well
 be really cool and I appreciate you guys sharing
 I appreciate you listening and I'll talk to you guys soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 TV.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
