 What's up, everybody? It's Russell Brunson. Welcome to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 I got something exciting I want to share with you right now.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright everybody, so I've talked a lot about my inner circle recently.
 It seems like a lot of people are launching membership programs, membership sites.
 If you guys have ever had anything where you've used something really successful for a long time and then for some reason you stopped doing it and you don't know why you did.
 So that's one of these ideas that came out.
 And so I shared it with a bunch of them and they're all going crazy and a bunch of them are trying to out right now.
 And I was like, man, this should be marketing secret we share with everybody else.
 So I'm bringing to the podcast.
 So this is what it is.
 This is the way if you got a membership site to like stimulate growth really, really rapidly, like help you get a hundred signups in like a day or 200 or 1000,
 depending how big your thing is, how to get a whole bunch in really, really quick.
 And I have not yet done this with ClickFunnels, but I'm going to be able to do it on January 1st.
 Anyway, I don't know.
 But I used this back in the other membership sites and I saw initially the person that I modeled who did this first was a guy named Alex Mendojan and they did it to fill up a whole people in there in their software programs, which is kind of cool.
 And so I watched them do it and then I did it four or five times afterwards and it worked amazingly well every single time.
 And then for some reason I stopped doing it because that's what we do right when things work.
 We just stopped doing it sometimes.
 Oh, the 80 D this of an entrepreneur's mind.
 Anyway, so this is a really, really important and really cool one.
 So this is the strategy.
 And I'll walk you through all the pieces and then hopefully gives you guys a tool you can use anytime you want to like sell stuff really quick.
 So what we do is we promote it and I did it back and they would tell us seminars.
 I think it would still work with tell us seminars.
 In fact, it's almost like anyway, who knows, but definitely works with webinars as well or Facebook lives or a lot of different ways you can do it.
 But the big key is like you're promoting an event, right?
 And the event is to talk about something cool, a new discovery you figured out that's brand new to whatever it is you do, right?
 There's different ways to position if you read the Doc on the Secret Book, there's five different curiosity hooks we have in there.
 But my favorite one for this is like, oh my gosh, I figured this new thing.
 I want to show it to you as live so you have to be on this thing because I'm going to teach you or show you or walk you behind the scenes of this new thing that just came out, right?
 And so a new discovery is like the hook that I love this in the most, right?
 And so for example, the last time we did this was back when we were focusing more on business opportunities, seekers as opposed to entrepreneurs.
 And we had figured out a way to generate leads, it was really cool.
 What we were doing was we were going to like the CPA networks and there were these offers that were getting, you know, a thousand cells a day and the people that these offers actually sell you the leads.
 So it's not a strategy I believe in or I recommend it, I don't think anybody should ever do it, but it was a really cool thing, right?
 So we were tapping into the CPA networks to the offers and we're basically someone would opt in for an offer and then they would buy that person's product and then we would get the lead put into our autoresponder.
 It's kind of like a co-reds but a little different and we were getting, you know, a couple thousand leads a day coming in and it was really, really cool.
 I probably should have told you exactly now, so maybe you guys are going to teach us that, but don't, it's a horrible idea.
 It'll get your autoresponder shut down, it's people won't know who you are, it's not spamming versus close as you can get without like having a legal issue.
 So I don't agree, I don't do it, it's bad.
 But back then it was like the new opportunity, the new thing, I was like, oh my gosh, this is amazing.
 So I did this, this tele seminar, I was like, hey, I'm going to jump on, I'm going to show you this new way that we're found out to get an extra 3,000 leads a day.
 And it's happening every single day, it's crazy. And people are like, what? They're going crazy, they want the thing, right?
 And so they get on and this is a mini, it's not a perfect webinar, so don't think of it as a perfect webinar.
 This is me talking about a new discovery I just had and I'm going to teach them what it is, okay?
 And I said that with emphasis on purpose, I'm teaching you what it is, what is the thing, okay?
 So it's the what, okay? Not to be different, not to be confused with the how, there's a what and there's a how, right?
 So this is the what, so this is what this new thing is.
 And so 45 minutes, I told a story about how I figured this thing out and where I met this person and how it works and I showed them exactly what it was and how, you know, here are the offers, the CPA offers.
 You're in there, here's how you plug in an autoresponder and this is what it was.
 And from there, we're getting 3,000 leads a day coming in consistently, right?
 And so I showed the what and people are going nuts, like, oh my gosh, I want to do this, I want to do this.
 But the problem is that they know the what, but they don't understand the how, like, how do you actually do it, how do you find the offers, how do you find the people, how do you negotiate, how much it's going to cost, like, all those kind of things, right?
 So they know the what and not the how.
 So you show them the what and 45 minutes thing and it's just basically telling the story about how you figured out the what, right?
 So you tell them the story, how you figure out the what and then the result you're getting from the what and they're like, what the dump, and that's a Brunsonism, I think, got the dump.
 And then at that point, you step back and say, it's been in the clock, so it started at the top of the hour, it's been 45 minutes.
 And then at that point, when they're like, what the dump, I need this, you say, wait, I actually am not going to show, I don't have time in context to show you this right now.
 But for all my members over here, inside of ClickFunnels, inside of my membership site, inside of my whatever your thing is, I'm going to be doing a 90 minute breakdown.
 I'm going to show you exactly how to do this, how H.W. Big Capital, how.
 So you how to do this, and it's starting 15 minutes. So if you're a member, congratulations, log in the members area, the call in number or the login number for the webinar is right there on the dashboard.
 It's there, just go log in and jump on the training. This is the live training, I'm doing it live, I am not recording, I'm not going to share it ever again, it's not going to mean it's happening one time, one time only, if you want it, now is the time.
 So go log in the members area and go log in. Now if you're not a member yet, you've got exactly 15 minutes before this training starts.
 It means in 15 minutes, the clock hits the top of the hour, I pulled it off the page and if you sign up five minutes later, you missed your shot, it is gone forever.
 The only way to ever understand how to do this is to be on that live training.
 In fact, I've got three other experts, the people you need to meet, the person who's going to help you get this thing started, whatever it is, is going to be there on the call.
 But this is the one time only not being recorded and it starts in exactly 15, actually it starts in 14 minutes.
 So you better hurry now. Go sign up right now for the trial at whatever.com, right?
 And you push them into the members, you're just like fast. People freak out, you got 15 minute window, go sign up, get their account, get logged in, get the down the links, like get the send on the special live training to show them the how.
 Okay. So that's the marketing secret. That's the trick, you guys. It's like the coolest thing ever.
 So again, kind of recap, you got to have a really cool new discovery. If you guys do discovery and you want to show them what it is, okay?
 You get people come on either the Facebook live, the tele seminar, the webinar, it doesn't matter if the vehicle or that you're doing it, you're just getting on a live event that's happening.
 So you build some curiosity, anticipation, and excited. You get on there and you say, "Okay, this is the what I'm going to show it to you."
 And you tell the story about how you figured out the what and you showed the big result that you got from this what?
 And you say, "Look, in 15 minutes for all of our paid members, we're starting the how training."
 So go log in and jump on the how training. We're going to show you what to do.
 If you're not a member, congratulations to the members, if you're not a member yet, you have 15 minutes before.
 This puppy goes live, so now is the time to start running and go.
 And you'll watch your phone with all your stripe notifications.
 Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
 I've seen times when we've signed up for 500 people in 15 minutes for membership site, which isn't the same.
 So it works. And let's say you list a small, or you only send up 100 people, it's fine.
 The conversion rates on the, especially if you have a free trial for membership site.
 The conversion rates on these things are like 50% of people who are on your webinar will sign up.
 It's crazy. So again, I've not done them for a long time, but I'm going to probably do them for ClickFunnels here.
 Maybe January. That'd be fun. Anyway, I'm going to do it. You'll see me execute on it.
 But most of you guys should have enough intel to be able to do it faster.
 So there you go. The what and the how. It's pretty awesome.
 So hope you guys love it. Hope you guys use it. Let me know if you do.
 And if you got any value from this, please share this episode and all episodes with your friends, your family members, other marketers, people you know can benefit from this.
 Again, this is the Mark Me, Seeker's podcast. Thanks so much for everything. And we'll talk to you soon. Bye.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free Behind the Scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 (upbeat music)
