 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I'm pumped that you were here cannot wait to share some cool
 stuff to you guys today and
 It's funny. I'm actually working through a big project right now
 So I've been logging into all the archives of fun hiking live from the past five or six years
 How many years we've done it?
 And I found this little presentation that I forgot I did this last fun hiking live
 It's only 15 minutes long, but it's called the three closes how to quickly double sales by weaving the three invisible
 Closes into every step of your funnel. I kind of just rewatched it real quick
 I'm like this is really good people should hear this so I'm gonna give you guys a gift today
 I'm gonna let you guys listen in on this presentation
 So but if you're gonna get in a listen to it
 I need your help the help that needs you when you're done listening to it
 So I'm giving you this up for free. Every else how to pay to get this
 So if I'm gonna hook you up and give you this for free the thing
 I want in return
 It's for you guys to take a snapshot on your phone as you're listening to this and post on social media and tell everyone to go
 Listen to this episode big dude this episode of sweet go listen to it the three closes
 And just get people to to come listen. So that's my own request
 You don't have to do it
 But if you'd like to that'd be really really cool with me a lot to me
 So when you do that make sure you tag me and do hashtag marketing secrets that way it'll show up
 And I can see it and love to hear your comments on why you like this episode and
 Appreciate you guys sharing it in advance. Okay with that said I'm gonna keep the theme song
 We come back you have a chance to listen to one of my presentations from funnel
 I can live called the three closes how to quickly double sales by weaving the three invisible closes into every step of your funnel
 Here we go
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 This is a framework that I've been using for myself for a long time and I assumed that everybody knew it or did it and
 One time we had a marketing meeting. This is probably
 About a year ago. We flew most of our marketing team into Boise and we're sitting there and I remember
 Mapping this out. I was explaining the layout of a landing page
 I said hey
 Just you know
 This is the three closes and how we use them on a landing page and everyone like he was like what they start freaking out
 I was like
 Didn't everybody know this like I don't think anybody knows this you've never talked about it before no one's ever shared it
 I was like oh my gosh, that's amazing
 So I've never really talked about this publicly anywhere before besides right now and right here
 So I want to kind of go through this
 So I call this the three clothes is how to quickly double sells by weaving these three invisible closes into every step of your funnel
 Okay, and this is what the framework looks like and it's a motion logic and fear
 All right, so step into kind of the pre-frames you can understand how how this framework works
 So the first thing you have to understand I learned this originally from Perry Belcher
 I think Perry learned from Dan Kennedy, but I'm not sure
 But he said something really interesting said you said if you look at at
 At anything in life the reason why people either move towards you or they don't move at all is because of this weird thing that we have
 It's humans called status. We like to fill status, right? And so that's kind of the how this this
 Like all the selling is based on this we start understanding it okay, it's all based on status
 And so when somebody's looking at any opportunity you offer them right here's the new thing. Here's my product
 Here's my service. Here's my whatever what they're thinking about subconsciously
 Because subconsciously in their mind is if I do this thing if I buy this product if I move forward in this way is
 This thing that I'm considering doing is again to increase my status or is it gonna decrease my status?
 That's the psychological turmoil they haven't had every single time you can offer it really boils down to that simple
 Okay, it's just gonna make me feel better about myself or just gonna be worse by myself
 I increase my status or decrease my status. Okay, so you guys are thinking. Oh, that's not me
 I don't make my decisions that way
 Okay, I'm not I'm not so self-centered that I'm worried about my status all the time
 But it's interesting because the status works both ways
 Some people buy really amazing things like to say a really expensive watch or a nice car because it'll increase their status
 Like I'm gonna feel really good, right?
 And so that's one side of it some people they don't buy a car
 It's really expensive because they feel like that will decrease their status, right?
 First time I ever shared this concept. I remember I was talking about a
 Ferrari and I'm gonna share a Ferrari store here in a second. So I was talking about a Ferrari and I remember
 I was talking about you know, you go to you go to buy a Ferrari you do it because you want increase in status and
 I remember was a lady in the Irish and she's like I would never buy a Ferrari
 I would not increase my status just that would actually decrease my status like exactly like your your fears
 The other side like if I buy this thing it's gonna decrease my status
 I was like, what do you drive? She's like a minivan like why do you drive a minivan?
 And she says well because it makes me so intelligent because I know it gives gas mileage and makes it safe for my family
 All it's kind of things I said so you bought a minivan because it increased your status
 It's like oh my gosh, I never thought about that way
 I thought that everybody you know status was like this thing that was a negative connotation, but all of us do it
 Okay, and so that's what you just kind of understand. So if we move into this framework
 I want you to look at it through that that that frame of understanding status, okay?
 All right, so the first clothes when we're selling anything is our emotional clothes now
 Emotion is the most powerful tool we have for selling anything
 Okay, and so that's why we spent a whole session last night for like two hours talking about the Piffy Bridge in story
 Okay, story is an emotional clothes. I'm telling you a story. I'm getting you engaged all your feelings are happening, right?
 Okay, and so you're getting the emotion now emotion
 Like I said is the is the most powerful thing and for years?
 This is the only way that I knew how to close if I would tell stories that were emotional people feel it right?
 And then they would go in there buy things
 Okay, and so emotion people feel it's emotion that gives them a status increase like oh my gosh
 It's so amazing if I get this thing if I buy this product or the service right?
 I'm gonna have better style. I'm gonna have more happiness more wealth my physical appearance
 I'm gonna feel better about myself I'm gonna lose weight. I'm gonna make money
 I'm gonna you know whatever the thing might be okay, so it's an emotional decision
 And right now if you if you look at the metrics about 50% of yourselves will come from the emotional clothes
 And some of you guys that's all you use just the emotional clothes
 And that's okay. That's what I did for probably the first decade before I understood the second two closes
 But fit your son yourselves will come from the emotional clothes, okay
 Now this is a picture Todd
 Just like that red car
 So this is Todd's red car and I remember he saw it and he was like freaking out
 He's like I want to buy his car and he went and he jumped in the car
 He sat in he drove around he felt amazing and he was like this is amazing
 You imagine driving this car every single day how awesome would be right and he's just in there visualizing the increase in status
 Like I'm gonna feel really good people to see this car. It's gonna be awesome right?
 So the very first thing is he's emotionally sold. He's like this is good. I need this thing, right?
 Okay, and so most sales happen mostly initially right if I can imagine you guys the the last car that you bought when you got
 The first time you sat down you're like, oh my gosh, this is amazing
 Right, it's the motion you feel of it. This is true to anything life by the way
 I think about the last five things you bought you sat there and you're emotionally like oh this would be really cool to have
 I want that thing okay, but then what happens is after the motion kind of runs its way and you're like
 I need this thing
 I have to buy it then we have people we love around us like for example Todd
 This is his beautiful wife Ashley and he's got to drive home in this car until Ashley
 About the emotional experience he just had
 Now she didn't have the same emotional experience that Todd had when he first stepped in this car
 I'm pretty sure and so from there now we transition to the second clothes, which is the logical clothes
 So after Todd bought the car he signed on the line
 He voxed me and he started talking to me about the gas mileage about how the resale value is so great on this car
 And he's going on and on and on I started laughing at Todd
 I'm the most emotional person you have ever met you do not have to lad logically convince me of anything
 He's like I know but I'm driving home and a few minutes after logic convince Ashley that this is a good purchase and
 And so the second clothes is logic okay and logic is all about avoiding a status decrease
 Okay, so all of us we buy things emotionally and then we justify them logically
 Okay, so if you don't have logic in your in your pitch in your your presentations in the way you're selling a big percentage
 50% or more of your audience will not buy even if they're mostly moved to buy because like this is amazing
 But like what if the decrease in status right they feel the emotion of the increase in status
 They're excited by it, but then they fear the decrease of status like what's my wife and thing my family my friends
 They're if I drive this car to school where the the other parents gonna think like all the different things that they start freaking out about right?
 They have this fear of the decrease of status
 And so because that you have to also speak to the logical mind
 Okay, and so the second close in any sales presentation is the logical clothes
 Okay, so you start with the motion 50% of Irish confirm motion and about 30% of the buyers will come from the logical clothes
 So would you logically explain things mostly so that they have the ammunition they need to logically explain to other people?
 So they don't feel a decrease in status
 Okay, there's no logic in buying a Ferrari. I had them for a while
 It was the worst car ever if you don't plug it in every night it dies
 Okay, you can't jump in you have to plug it in. He's a week to recharge
 It's the worst car ever it broke down every time I drove it. I give it insane like there's no logical reason to have a Ferrari
 It's it's horrible in fact
 I was talking to other days like yeah left on plug who sat in the driveway for a week because we didn't we couldn't get it back
 I'm like it's the worst car ever right emotionally though. Yeah, it looks good like I've
 I've never been a hot girl ever
 but
 When I drove my Ferrari the two times that worked before it broke down every time
 I would drive to the gas station and also men from everywhere would start popping up from the gas station come around me
 I was just like and they're like how many horses are in there? I'm like I don't know. I'm not a car guy
 And they're like can I get a picture with it? I'm like I guess like I feel so violent
 This is the weirdest thing in the world
 The other weird thing is you drive down the street and you see the other cars coming and it's funny because the women driver never noticed any of it
 But the men would be like whoo every single man whoo and I say people like flip around and speed past me with their cameras getting
 Selfies like oh look at the fur. I'm like this is the weirdest thing ever emotionally was amazing
 I felt like a rock star okay, but logically is the worst car I've ever driven ever it's horrible, okay?
 All right, you understand emotional is that increasing status logic is about is protecting yourself from the decrease in status
 Okay, and 30 percent yourselves come from logic and then the third clothes
 So we call fear or fear foam will fear of missing out. This is the urgency and scarcity
 Okay, there's some people no matter how much status increasing think they're gonna get or how much logically they convince themselves and others around them
 They can buy something they won't buy they won't take action unless you're gonna take it away
 The fear missing out is the thing that gets the last 20% of people to buy
 Okay, and so this pattern is happening everywhere you guys will see it
 If this event alone, I'm gonna be using this process a bunch of times on you. Hopefully you guys will respect that and appreciate it and see it
 Okay
 But I want you guys to start seeing where these things are we've been into a lot of things
 There's some examples
 Okay, so emotional logic fear so just feeling this event alone
 How many guys were lashes funnel hacking live and at the very end I was like hey, you should buy tickets next year
 You're like well, I'd be ran the backing about tickets. Where am I where my emotional buyers? I love you guys
 Thank you for doing that
 Yeah, so these are the emotional buyers. They had an amazing emotional experience last for a long time
 This is they're like this is insane next I'm gonna be on stage. I'm gonna get my award
 This is the most amazing on earth. I'm gonna commit to myself right now
 I'm gonna do it those are my emotional buyers you guys all signed up before the event even left so grateful for you guys
 I hope by next year you are all emotional buyers. I would make my job of selling tickets so much easier
 Okay, that's step number one. Okay, so we get the emotional buyers and it's like everyone's like well
 I don't know if next year if I'm in a winner award yet
 I don't know if this what if the speakers aren't good. What if this what and like all the logic right like
 Oh, what if I go and like I don't learn anything new because I already know everything Russell's ever said
 I've read all his books
 I know everything what and all some of the logic starts coming in right and so the so like the next set of clothes is for us
 We start introducing speakers and he's speaker on my here's the speaker
 This is why you need to hear from them logically. This is the part you're stuck on this person's give you that piece
 Here's the next speaker. Here's the next speaker here next speaker, right?
 I spend the next two months of my life doing interviews all speakers and everyone's like logic
 Okay, all right, so if Jermaine's gonna come then I'm gonna come because you know logically makes sense
 I need that piece
 Oh, and a lot of logically I need design hacking if Catherine's gonna be there
 I'm gonna come right and logically for two months
 I start closing the next set of sales through logic right so the next thirty percent of ourselves came through the campaign like this
 Right and it gets out last twenty percent tickets were sold
 Literally the last day when I'm like hey tickets sell out tomorrow and then they're gone forever and all the rest you guys are like
 Oh, oh my gosh Russell been talking about us every day for 12 months of his life
 I think I'm gonna finally get it right me close down take yourselves the next day people
 I didn't know it's closing down like I need tickets Mike. Are you serious every day for a year?
 I've been telling you about this
 It's painful. Okay, but this is the process
 Okay, so I'm showing this because this is a typical campaign we lead with emotions we lead with webinars or
 Product launch videos things like that videos like we're getting emotional clothes, right?
 They went transition to the logical closes and we end with urgency and scarcity right?
 Emotion logic fear. Okay, if you look at the perfect webinar script is
 Strategically designed to do this exact same thing the very first section of the perfect webinar is all about emotion
 We're breaking false beliefs. Am I right?
 They would transition to the stack in the clothes was a very logical argument
 Right about why you need this thing in this thing in this thing in the value
 I'm logically convincing you why it's actually worth the thing you did case if I go back except here
 You're feeling the emotion of like yes
 Increase my status if I get the thing and I transition the clothes like oh, but what's my wife's gonna say if I have to talk to
 About this is a really good offers a really good deal like what am I friends gonna think what if I buy it doesn't work
 Also the logical mind starts freaking out so I come and I do the stack into the stack I walk you through that
 I'm like this is the offer this is the value and you're like oh my gosh, this is a really good deal
 Okay, and you grab your wife or your spouse your husband like look
 This is a really good deal check out the offer and they're like are you sure this is a good deal?
 And you're convinced them logically right and at the end call the action we have urgency and scarcity
 This is why you got to buy now. Okay, so that happens inside of the actual webinar script
 Okay, same thing happens in the webinar funnel
 Okay at a macro level you step out in the webinar funnel the first part of the webinar campaign is all about emotion right?
 They register they get the indoctrination videos they watch the webinar like it's a very emotional cell from their
 Transition to the replays which are very heavily
 Pushing like the offer right we talk about go watch the replay and here's the offer
 And then the end of the campaign we do our urgency and scarcity in our last time since I was come the last day when everybody's like oh
 This offers disappearing now. I must finally go okay emotion logic and fear
 Okay, we also seen our landing pages if I know that the best opportunity to have to sell is in the is is a motion
 The top one third of my page is all speaking towards emotion
 You look at any of my landing pages you'll notice that the emotional pitch is everything above the fold
 Above the fold means without having to scroll everything you see on the page is all emotion, right?
 And it's crazy if you guys use analytics like the the tracking software see how people scroll down
 It's like most people never scroll past the initial thing right what happens is emotional buyers like this is amazing
 Boom they buy and then the logical buyers like this is amazing, but like and then they start scrolling from information
 So they scroll down it's like oh here's all the emotional arguments about why you should buy the thing we speak to emotion
 Or excuse me speak to logic here. So my logical people who are typically more readers will start reading through the longer form of thing
 Right they get the justification they need and the bottom is like my urgency and scare say this is why you got act now
 If you are noticing this in all my landing pages you'll notice top one-thirds motion next big sections logic last last 20% is urgency and scarcity and fear
 Okay, same thing happens in my email campaigns. Somebody comes into my list
 They do in my list my first few emails are all my first few emails are all gonna be speaking towards the emotion
 Okay
 I'm telling stories me excited and then I'll transition to like okay
 Let me talk logically why this is the thing you need and then we end with urgency and scarcity and we close down the campaign
 It's happening inside my email campaigns if you look at my value out how we send people up through it
 And each step in the value ladder boom the follow-up sequence that takes somebody to step with the value ladder and then moves to next goes through motion
 Logic and fear then you move to the next one and then boom that next one goes emotion and logic and fear
 So that pattern is we threw out every single campaign is removing people through our value ladder and sending them up
 Okay, and it's also happening not just not just there been all of our campaigns
 This is kind of my map on my campaigns so we get motion logic fears up at the top here left-hand sides
 Like here's here's where somebody comes to this page they click on the ad and we've already targeted campaigns
 Okay, even our retargeting campaigns follow this process right the first set of ads
 They see after the way hit a landing page to click on an ad or all very emotional based
 Ads right okay, and if they haven't bought off the motion when we transition to logical based ads and they haven't bought off the logical
 Base ads when transition to to the urgency and scarcity ads case it happens there in retargeting campaigns happens in our email campaigns happens in
 Every single aspect the pattern happens over and over and over and over again
 So that you guys is the urgency and scarcity
 I see the three closest framework you guys like that
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some of you has one funnel way and getting more impact some of you as are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand this strategy
 Help you understand the tactics so if you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause this audio go online and go to one funnel way calm
 That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge there's a challenge starting in the next few days
 So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
