 What's up everyone? This is Russell Brunson again. I'm still in beautiful Puerto Rico having a good time with some of those amazing marketers and personal
 of them minds on this planet and
 For today's episode. I wanted to give you guys
 Some more from Funnalacking Live. So during my keynote presentation. I talked about some really cool things and the first one
 I talked about how to find your voice and the side of that how to develop your own frameworks
 And really the the theme of the event came back down to frameworks
 I talked about you know how we how we find and develop and create our frameworks and on top of that when deeper into
 Like how to how to teach your frameworks and how to sell your frameworks and things like that
 And then every speaker basically shared their framework everybody from from Tony Robbins to Ryan Holiday to you know
 Every speaker in between kind of shared their frameworks. So
 As you guys you know get deeper deep in this business realize it really all comes down to frameworks
 And so this very first presentation part of my first presentation I want to share with you guys is how to find your voice and inside of that
 Journey how you're gonna create your own framework
 So that's that I'm a cute theme song come back
 He is over here this first part of my keynote presentation going deeper into finding your voice as an entrepreneur
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 I think a lot of us get started in this business at least I did and I was the shy awkward and I'm just so you guys
 clip here in a minute
 You have to you have to evolve like you can't just it's there's a process you go through and a lot of times people
 I like read my book expert secrets the next day they're out there with a sign saying I'm an expert
 Let me like I'm gonna sell you something. It's like you know you missed it. That's not the it's not the purpose
 It's not the path. It's not how it works
 There's a process for you to be able to find your voice and be like what's the process was it look like and forever?
 I didn't know I said you just go out there and you do it and you do it and you do it
 It wasn't until recently I sat down so what did it actually look like for me?
 What it look like for other people like how do I reverse engineer that so we can teach it and that's where this process
 This framework came from all right, so I'm gonna walk you through this so phase number one here phase number one is what I call the dreamer
 And this is the phase that starts with a little spark
 Okay, how many of you guys when you got into whatever it is that you're doing you didn't know exactly what you're gonna
 Do you ain't I've been super passionate first be had interest and desire like this is kind of cool
 Okay, I think about your business or the marketing of your business like you like when I got started in this
 I didn't know I was gonna be a marketing nerd. I gotta see in my marketing class
 Okay a scene I should have gotten the D or an F of my teacher is really really nice
 But I got to see my marketing that I didn't know marketing was even exciting or fun or anything
 Okay, wasn't until later when I was learning these things and trying to start a business and all of a sudden like there was a spark
 I was like oh my gosh. This is this is amazing and it all begins there
 Okay, so when you think it back about your business like what was the spark initially that got you so excited about what it is you do
 Can you just remember that moment?
 What was it create that spark for you? Okay, that's where this begins okay
 The next thing that I want to kind of develop our ad upon that this is from Tom bill you and Tom is speaking tomorrow
 I believe so I'm excited about Tom coming or his first time fun. I came live
 But I was developing this I thought Tom post something on Instagram and I was like oh my gosh
 This is this is brilliant. He posted a little framework for how to develop your own passion
 And I think about this a lot because I get people all the time you've come into our world
 We're like this is exciting, but I'm not I'm not passionate about anything yet Russell like what do I do?
 How do I find passion? I'm like I don't know because for me. I'm just excited about everything in life
 Like there's so many cool things happening. I was like, I don't know how to develop actually
 I can't I couldn't like understand that in my mind until I saw this from Tom
 I was like oh my gosh, this is the secret for those you guys who may not have it
 You've got a spark and you're trying to figure things out. This will help you
 So this is what he said and this is the five-step process. He said number one is you go and experiment the whole bunch of stuff
 Okay, so if you're like, I don't know a business. I want to be and I don't know what my career is gonna be
 Whatever like you go try a bunch of things. That's why a lot of people go to college right taking a whole bunch of classes
 Just to find out what am I actually interested in right?
 So you go and experiment the lunch stuff that's step number one step number two is after you do that
 You start looking at all the things I just tested and tried all the things I read all the podcasts
 I listened to all the videos I watched like one of the things that sparked my interest
 Okay, you think okay, I'm interested in that that's an exotic. I'm excited about like that's something I can be passionate about
 Okay, so you find the thing that sparks your interest from there
 You start deeply engaging with those things that sparked your interest you start going deeper on them
 Okay, if you listen to podcast about biohacking or about whatever you're like, this is cool
 That's like okay now. Let's go deeper
 Let's see that the CFS I go deeper if this keeps resonating with me
 You start going deeper start studying start learning start finding people around you excited as well and go as deep as you can
 Okay, number four as you start engaging if it goes from an interest to true fascination
 Okay, you get that fast. It's like oh my gosh is exciting then you go down the path of gaining mastery and
 Then number five fascination plus mastery goes passion
 Okay now this for sure was true my journey
 Again, I got started. I was I was a college kid
 I just met my beautiful wife
 I had proposed to her and then I realized that like I didn't have a job and she was probably gonna want to eat sometimes
 And I was like what do I do?
 I don't know let me try a whole bunch of stuff
 I started doing a whole bunch of things and studying and reading and learning and like also
 I started finding these things that cause interest and those things that started geeking out on it started going deeper and deeper
 To that interest became a passion and the more I deep the more fascinating I got and more fun
 I got and that's where this this journey begins. That's how you get the spark and you start to grow, okay?
 All right, so after you just have a spark do you know the best way to turn the spark into a fire?
 You want to see it's just kind of cool. So this is the way you turn a spark into fire
 Let's dim the lights a little bit if I get my phone out right here. I turn the slide on. Okay. This is a spark
 And by itself, I'm not careful. The spark is gonna go out, right?
 Okay, I need you guys help can everyone get their phones out real quick and turn the lights on
 So the interesting happens when you take a spark and you get it around other people sparks other people who are already on fire
 So you ever grab your phones out and get them out turn your camera on really quick and watch you guys to see this
 If I want to turn my spark into a fire to an inferno, I gotta find other people look around you guys look behind you
 You find other people you get your sparks together
 It starts growing right if I take my spark to a fire it can't help but grow am I right?
 That's why we're here today to help you guys take your spark and to light it on fire
 I tell people all the time like my role in this whole game is to get you guys so excited and so passionate about the marketing of your
 Business to whatever business you're gonna build a run with it. Yeah, I'm assuming you're already obsessed with your business
 You wouldn't be here. So my job is to get you assess with the marketing of it
 Let me take that spark and ignite it and get it on fire
 So the best way to turn that spark into a fire is to ignite it
 I lost my thing is to get around other people
 Okay, as you get around get around other people you start feeling that starts growing inside of you
 That's shifting out to the second phase because second phase is where I start taking on the identity of the reporter
 Okay, it's interesting. How many guys have ever heard of Howard Berg the world fastest reader?
 Okay, so when I was in
 Elementary school in the 90s. I was an infomercial geek so I was watching infomercials and there was this guy
 Who is the world's fastest reader? I saw him reading these books and he like goes through the page
 I just flipped through and starts reading super fast. I was like that is the coolest thing
 I'm like there's no way it's - he's got to be faking it
 I remember watching the infomercials over and over and over again as a kid
 Then fast forward like 15 years later. I'm a grown man or grown-ish
 My kids always tell me that dad you were the least mature adult we have ever met like thank you guys. I think I
 Remember on Fox News on the what's the kavuto the kavuto show?
 Howard Berg was on the drive to health care bill came out
 And there's a huge health care bill and that Howard Berg read the entire health care bill live on Fox News for everybody
 She reads the whole health care bill in 55 minutes
 I believe and then afterwards he interviews Mike
 So what did it say and he starts telling them all the things and reciting back huge portions of the health care bill
 I'm like this guy's amazing
 Then I'm at an event like this is in Dallas was about a thousand people about a fifth the size of this and I'm speaking on stage
 I get done afterwards and some guys like hey, there's the world's fastest readers here. He wants to meet you
 I was like wait wait Howard Berg's here and I started like totally fangirl and freaking out
 He's like you know me as Mike. Yeah, I just watched the informers was like 15 years old like this is anyway
 I'm so excited. I had chance to meet him and me and power and come really good friends
 since then and
 Actually when I launched the expert secrets book I had Howard flower to our office
 I was like I want I want you to read the entire my entire book live on Facebook
 And then I want to quiz you and see if you can actually remember it because like writing a book is cool
 But having the world's fastest reader read it live in front of you is like way cool
 And so I had Howard we flew out to boys as like here's the book
 I want you to read it and he sat down and started reading it and
 You see the episode of this what we did it on flacker TV
 He read the entire book in four minutes and 43 seconds live on Facebook
 I was like this is so cool. I'm like there's no way he's actually getting it so I watched and read the whole thing and
 Then we got done reading it. I had the really cool opportunity. It's like sit there like okay
 Let's see if you actually read it and I should ask some questions about it
 And he was able to tell me things back say well you said this and you said this and then you talked about this
 And this is my thought about that
 It was one of the one of the coolest experiences of my life, but what was he?
 Do you guys ever see the Sony speed reader commercial he's on that with Justin Timberlake
 It's a really funny ad or basically there the Sony speed reader Justin Timberlake's like so something like
 Maybe it's Peyton Manning. Anyway, you paint Manning said something like with his Sony reader
 I could read it I could read a hundred books and how her burgers I just did and then Justin Timberlake's like
 I just did two it's the funniest commercial anyway, it's worth watching so at that night after we got done took our
 Out to dinner in Boise and I'm like sitting here
 I'm like this is guy who's read over 30,000 books like every book you can dream if he's read like what do you ask this guy?
 Like he because he's got information about everything
 I'm like I could ask him about business or about finance or about sports about anything
 I was like I'm gonna go to a spot that you don't normally go with people because I'm really really curious and so I asked
 I said Howard. I'm really curious after all your life experience reading 30,000 books. What's your opinion on God?
 You're looking for many smiled. He said you know what's interesting
 He said most people when they when they want to learn about a topic
 They'll read one book or one thing and they base their opinions on that becomes fact for them and they go forward
 He said what I like to do and stays like I like to read all the people's opinions
 She's like already 10 15 20 books about a topic for example say so for religious
 I read he's like I basically read every single book on the topic as many as I possibly like
 Hundreds and hundreds of books. He said by reading a whole bunch of things about it
 He said I got a very holistic view of what I believe God is
 He said based on that let me tell you what I believe I had the most fascinating conversations in my life to hear
 What someone like this is a chance to learn to learn and read from every religion you can dream of what his beliefs were on God
 One of the most coolest most amazing conversations in my life
 So I was thinking about this with Howard I started thinking about how that works in our in our life
 A lot of times we come into this world
 We're trying to do our business and like we become the expert like I know everything and we go out there
 We try to like to convince people but the problem is where we read one book
 And I was like the the phase for you to really evolve and to find your voices and to like take one idea
 And then start running with it is to get a very holistic view
 So I started looking back at like when I got started and I found something really embarrassing
 This right here is the first video I ever created ever this is
 Last year I showed you guys one and you all teased me this one's worse
 So so this is about time YouTube came out a couple people had videos on their websites
 And I was like I'm gonna do a video and I remember someone
 Arm and more and had a video and he had the background was like was gone and he was like on the page and looks really cool
 So I'm like I'm gonna do that so I bought a video camera
 I set it up and I record this video and
 It didn't work. I tried to edit I couldn't get the background of the Lee and like it was so many bad things
 But this was the very first video I ever made and I want you guys to hear how bad I was and hopefully
 I have to give some of you guys some encouragement
 You're like if that guy can do it. Okay, here we go
 Hi, I'm Russell Brunson welcome to the second tier.com. I'm here to help you get in
 Okay. Hi, I'm Russell Brunson and welcome to the second tier.com. I'm here. Did you ever miss anything?
 I said I'm here to introduce you. What'd you say? Hi? I'm Russell Brunson and welcome to the second tier.com
 Why not be a started with your affiliate training today?
 The first thing you need to do is click on the link above me and download our affiliate
 That was real cool the flushing toilet in the background
 You literally flushed it in the middle of the video it was me and him there were two of us in the room like
 Anyway, so there's hope for all of you. I swear
 So this is the beginning of my journey
 And I was like I'm horrible, but I'm gonna try and I start trying now at this point in time
 I had one I like I had like my beliefs like okay, this is how I'm gonna do this thing
 But I didn't know mark you know these things I'm like how do I how do I learn this and so what I did is I went out there
 I said okay, I'm gonna do it how or a burg would have done I won't I was gonna take my opinion and believe everything
 I'm gonna go and find a whole bunch of people who know more than me
 I'm gonna talk them interview them figure out all their stuff and based on on finding out
 opinions from a whole bunch of people from there I can develop an actual opinion so this little nerdy Russell from 15 years ago went out there
 And he found the best of the best of the time. This is Carl Galetti
 I used to call him all the time and ask him questions. This is Mike Phil sense is Gary Ambrose. This is Brad Cowan
 I think something room. This is Brad foul and this is
 Ewan Chia, this is a Rosalind Gardner, this is Jack Humphrey
 This is Keith Baxter. These are the people when I got started the game
 They were the people that were already on fire. I had a little flame
 I was like I have a flame this thing's gonna go out if I don't find somebody fast
 I started looking who's got the fire who's got the fire?
 I need to find those people and I found the fire I got on the phone from I called him
 I flew to the house I had them find in my house and everything I could I got in the rooms
 They were in because I knew that if I was to take my spark and I needed to become a fire
 I had to be with the people who were already on fire. I
 Found those people and this little nerdy Russell was able to take his spark and turn it into a fire
 Okay, so for all of you guys the next step in this journey of growth for you
 It's first off to be fascinated have a spark and then you got to find the people of the fire
 Okay, and you have to go to them humbly and start asking their questions and don't judge everything based on what the lens
 That you view the world through find out other people be open other opinions
 Other ideas because it's gonna give you a very holistic view and make you give you the ability to serve your people at a much higher
 Level than you ever could by just looking at one angle, okay?
 All right, so the first two phases in this formula in this in this framework are all about growth, okay
 It's your journey to become something bigger, okay?
 Become something better become the person the leader that you need to be to lead your people now after you go through these first two phases
 Number one of dreaming and having a spark number two is finding people around you asking them questions learning from everybody you can't every single piece of
 Information you can get access to and learning from everybody then we start shifting from growth to contribution
 Okay
 Alex Sharfen always talks about the call the contribution how entrepreneurs feel if they hear the call the contribution
 I need to contribute. I gotta create something. I had to do something. I gotta go out
 I gotta I gotta do something right you've heard that call it's why you're here
 Right, you've heard that call the contribution like how do I contribute more?
 Okay, and so there comes a time and all our lives we keep growing and growing keep studying and learning
 But if you don't start shifting from growth to contribution you will flatline
 Okay, the first time I understood this was true when I was a wrestler, okay in college. I was a wrestler high school as a wrestler
 I was a state champ in high school took second place in the country
 I was an all-American high school and I thought I knew everything okay
 The worst thing could possibly happen any of us we think we know everything. I was like, I know everything
 I got such a good wrestler
 I remember my senior year after I took second place in the nation
 My coach Greg Williams who's now the coach at UVU he said hey do you want to come coach at a wrestling camp?
 I was like, I don't know like I got girls today this summer
 This is like my big time before going to college and he's like I'll pay a hundred bucks. I'm like, I'm in let's go so
 That's what I that was the value my week of my time back then
 So I went to the wrestling camp. He's like, okay, here's some kids
 I need you to train them how to wrestle I'm like, okay, so I go to the kids
 I'm like, okay
 This is how and I remember we're teaching a cheap chill
 Which is like my move and I was like here's I do cheap chill
 I show the kids my cake
 I'll try it I sit back and the kids come down they start trying it and nobody gets it even remotely close
 They all like almost all of them at pinning themselves. I'm like no you guys you don't listen to word
 I said hold it come back in come back in I start this is how you do cheap
 Okay, no go do it and they go back out and everyone's like doing the same thing flopping all over the place pinning themselves
 I'm like what is wrong with these kids?
 I sit back and I'm like, what are they doing wrong? I start looking I'm like, oh my gosh
 He's doing it wrong because his hips are like you keep sliding out and his knee like I never know like this knee needs to be
 The foot's gonna be planted here and these are the points of the ceiling and then what else I start looking like come back
 And guys come back in look at this. I said when you're doing it like notice look at my foots at it's right here
 Look at my knees pointed and they all can like you go try it again
 They start doing it and all of a sudden the kids start getting better
 I was like, huh and then I bring it back in and go back and forth and back and forth and for the entire week
 I spent with these kids
 I'm looking at like what I'm doing on my processes understanding why they work and then figuring that out and as you start
 When the fascinating thing about a pattern is after you become aware of a pattern
 It's like oh, I know the pattern now I can manipulate can change I can I can grow what I can I can I can figure things out
 but based on that and so for me like I
 Got into a point where I'd grown personally at a certain level when I stopped I was stagnated and when I shifted and started becoming a coach
 And helping other people that's where I started to continue to grow
 That's where I shift from growth to contribution and that's how I got the next level of growth
 Okay, so for all of us there comes that time where as you're growing and you're sharing the only way to continue to grow is to shift from growth to
 Contribution case we start coming out there. This is where most entrepreneurship most businesses start when you're shifting from like
 How do I become better to how do I make other people better?
 Okay, and that's the next level way more fulfillment by the way on the contribution side
 Okay, so that was the phase number three in the framework phase number three now is now we start building our own
 Frameworks okay, this is gonna be weird for a minute and I promise you the end you're gonna be like oh my gosh
 This is amazing. Okay, so we need to start creating our own frameworks
 If you notice most of the greatest entrepreneurs business people they have their own proprietary frameworks
 Okay, so this is the next phase after you've gone through growth now you shift to contribution this next phase
 Start creating your own okay, so the first step here is you need to create what we call your framework hypothesis
 What is my framework to get somebody a certain result? Okay, let's just say this is me
 This could be for any any business right here's your path. So here's you
 You're going on this this journey up here, and this is the result
 This is the thing you're trying to get to right and so as you've been going through your growth and you've been learning and even studying
 All you see figuring out and you're learning and you're moving yourself up this line
 Okay, now you're like I think I know how to get here. I'm pretty sure I know how to do that
 So based on me interviewing 50 people or like reading a whole bunch of books or whatever that thing is I'm gonna make my hypothesis
 I think this is what I need to do to get that result
 Okay, make hypothesis now how to make our hypothesis on this something Bruce Lee said. Thank you James for finding this quote for me
 But Bruce Lee talked about so you said what you do is you research your own experience
 You absorb what's useful and your rejection was useless and add essentially which is your own
 Okay, you're going through this growth phase where you're interviewing a whole bunch of people and you're learning from a whole bunch of experts
 The goal is not to like learn everything they say and just believe it as is right
 There's a lot like when I was listening to our bird a lot of his beliefs on God
 I agree with a lot of my didn't didn't mean it was right right or wrong
 Okay, but I was able to listen that thing say well
 This is awesome
 I'm gonna take these gold mugs
 These are the things for me that I believe in that I think can can add to what I believe okay
 Same thing here when you're going through this process of learning and studying and growth
 You're looking for the nuggets like what are the things that I believe in can you take all the different pieces?
 You take that so okay now that I have this this is my framework hypothesis
 What I think is this is the secret okay, so we create our framework hypothesis
 Which is basically okay for me to get this result. I get a step one step two step three
 And that's how I'm gonna get this result you now we have hypothesis except number one
 Step number two now that I hypothesis is what I think I'm gonna do to get that result now
 We had to go out there and actually test your framework hypothesis on yourself you have to become a human guinea pig
 A lot of people get the ordering wrong they say okay. Here's my framework hypothesis
 Let me go sell something like no no no not yet. This is we got to figure out if it actually works on you
 Okay, one of the people I respect a lot is Tim Ferris
 They've called him a lot times the human guinea pig
 he's one of the original bio hackers and I was reading
 I'm here much one of his books, but one of his book he was talking about
 He implanted something inside of his his body that I test his blood levels and every single day to you
 They test little things like you take this supplement see what happened to his blood levels
 They take this and try this and do things it said it said it took over a thousand blood tests
 Based on all these other things and after all said nice and based on all things I learned
 This is the diet. That's the best. This is the supplements
 These are the things that that this is the framework that I believe is is optimal for you to be able to get the result
 You're trying to get okay
 So just like Tim Ferris to get a human guinea pig you've got to become a human guinea pig for your framework at first as well
 Okay, so you take that you said yeah, I think this is the way I get my result and you go out there on this journey
 You know you go on the journey what's gonna happen sometimes you're gonna go through the process and make I was right
 I figured it out I'm at the top
 What typically happens is you go on this journey with your framework a lot of times it doesn't work at first right?
 You try something like oh it failed you try something else oh it failed okay, that's okay
 This is the framework hypothesis you can treat tweak and say I'm gonna change this I'm gonna change this eventually
 It's like okay and eventually get the top we have the success and get the result you want
 Okay, so now you've got a process you've got a system that works. I know it works for me. It's worked for me
 And so that is the first step here where you become a framework crater
 Boom I have a framework that works okay. How many guys this room now have a framework that works whatever is you do?
 Okay, it could be anything from like how to lose weight to how to get a white smile to how to
 How to make more money how to start a business how to?
 How to invest in whatever how to say money on taxes right every business needs to have a framework
 Okay, and somebody is like oh Russell this doesn't make sense because I don't sell information products
 I don't need a framework
 It's only works for the info people as long as for authors and speakers doesn't work for me because I'm a blah fill in the blank right?
 We understand that all businesses are about one thing one thing only
 Businesses are about how in the world do I get a client a result?
 That's it
 Okay, I'm in business to do this to get this client this result
 Okay, that's you have to understand and there's always a framework or a process to get somebody that result
 It's the question you got to ask yourself is what is the framework that somebody must follow to get a certain result?
 Okay, and what's interesting is your products probably just a piece of that framework. It's not the whole thing
 Okay, so what is the framework? So let's follow if you want to get a certain result
 Okay, so think about whatever business you are this is the result the person's coming to you with they want to get out of pain
 They want to grow taller they want to grow hair they want I whatever whatever your business is right
 That's the result. What's the process? They have to go through to get that result with you?
 Okay
 And so for example, here's click funnels, right?
 So click funnels we have a framework you guys see me talk about frameworks all the time
 Right and so we have a framework to help people to grow a company online through funnels
 Okay, so that is my framework now
 What's interesting about my framework is my is is the product click funnels the software is just one step in the framework
 right
 So I'm like step number one you have an idea. So number two you got to create an offer
 So number three point then also like step five
 It's like now you need click funnels to build the thing right if I just can't be like oh you need click funnels
 This is awesome software like why like because it's awesome
 It makes you can move things and drag and drop it's really easy like I don't get it
 But I'm like what's the result you want? This is the result you want cool
 There's a five step framework step number one you have to do the step number two step number three and now you need the
 Software for step number four and step number five that makes sense so my product becomes part of the framework
 It is not the framework. Okay, so let me show you this works for a more traditional company
 I could dentists okay, so the dentist if I was a dentist I would have a framework for how to get white teeth
 Okay, there's a whole process right now
 I'm not a dentist I don't know exactly the process, but they have a framework to get white teeth right someone came to me
 As a dentist say I need white teeth. They could cool first thing you got to do is you got a brush twice a week or no
 not a week
 Twice a day
 Yeah step one brush twice a summer - you got a
 You should be using white strips or hydrogen peroxide step number three you've got to come to the dentist my product is like step number three
 Right one of the steps you come to me and we'll do teeth whitening or we'll do a line or whatever the thing is right
 Okay, but I still have a process if I'm like I haven't dentists you should come to me so I can so I can
 Clean your teeth like it's one thing. It's like what's the what's the result the results bigger than that right results the framework
 So here's the framework to get somebody that result and your product becomes one step in the framers that makes sense
 Same thing sure it's like with e-commerce cells if you're selling physical products
 Okay, my product is a framework to get blank to get what?
 right
 And then inside of there your product becomes part of it right so for example, let's say I was selling
 Let's say I was selling flashlights. I might have just a flashlight by itself will sell
 But if you look at some of you has heard Trey Lowen story a lot of times
 He was the first funnel inside click phones that blew up to astronomical levels
 But he shifted it was a flashlight at first but we went from like it being a flashlight to being a survival flashlight
 I'm gonna show you guys how to be how to a framework for how to have survival right?
 It was like it wasn't just a flashlight it was like part of a framework of like
 I don't know how exactly how you flashlights for survival he's shining people's eyes and and blind them
 So you can kick him in the shins or something, but but it became part of a framework, okay?
 So every product everything is a framework
 What's the result you're trying to get somebody and your product is a lot of times one piece of the framework, okay?
 Now the cool thing about frameworks is you start creating them
 We can do frameworks like if I could take a framework I can teach that framework in three minutes
 Or I need to in 30 minutes or I can teach in three hours
 Okay, I can sit down here and say okay guys
 I'm gonna teach you guys the new traffic secrets book and I could do a three-minute presentation teaching my traffic secret like the core pieces of the
 Traffic secrets book right?
 Or I can say okay
 I'm gonna do a 30 minute presentation
 Let me teach you the core things I could bulk it up
 I could tell more stories I can add more things to it or if I did three if I if I wanted a three-hour presentation
 I could do that or I could do a three-day event just on traffic secrets by itself as well
 Okay, so that's something to kind of think through and the reason why these frameworks so important is as you'll see here in a second
 Is we use frameworks in every aspect of the funnel as you'll see here
 Okay, but the first thing we understand is that we can create frameworks really really quickly
 So again, this is a Tom bill you Tom and his wife Lisa are some of the best framework creators
 I've ever seen who follows them on Instagram Tom or Lisa
 Okay, if not you get start following them just you can see the frameworks and how they do them so often
 So I'm just sharing a couple of them so Tom put together a framework called sleep habits
 It's hard to see if you're these are sleep habits. There's six sleep habits to increase your sleep, right?
 So step number one stop eating three or four hours before bed step number two
 Use blue blockers two or three hours for going to bed step or three go to bed early step number four set your intentions separate
 And there's his there's his five step six steps framework for sleeping better. Okay, here's the other one
 You created a framework based on a movie. How many guys have ever seen a movie before?
 Like four of you guys who has ever seen a movie before?
 Okay, so Tom watch the matrix is like I'm gonna show you guys the seven lessons
 I learned from the matrix and they showed his framework for matrix number one
 You can't do it until you believe it number two the world is your perceiving isn't real and on and on on
 Okay, here's one that he made his framework for surviving Thanksgiving dinner step in one minimum of 16 hour fast every day
 Step number two, okay, and they post these all the time. These are just simple little frameworks
 Okay, the reason why that I've show you guys this right now
 And I'm talking about the fact that you can create a framework
 This happens in three minutes versus 30 is because a lot of times I don't want to spend two years building a huge framework
 I want to test some stuff out so on social media. I can post a framework
 I knew a podcast posting a framework and see if people care about it
 Right, I'm gonna show you my five-step framework for getting more ads more views on YouTube who wants to see that one
 Okay, I'm gonna do that one okay, and I post another one
 I'm like who here wants my five-step framework to add a hundred thousand people to listen next two days
 Okay, sweet. I'm gonna go deeper on that right but I could post something on Instagram that here's my five steps
 Assistant to build a list and if nobody cares, I don't go deep there if I post and beg all people are freaking out
 This is awesome. Let me go deeper. Okay, if I'm like let's am a dentist. I'm like, okay
 I'm gonna post a five-step framework how to get coffee stains off your teeth from home. Who are we on that?
 You guys don't believe me. I'm not a anyway, but I could post that real quick and make oh my gosh nobody cares
 I'm not gonna be or I post something else and you start finding out right so it's essentially become quick at creating little frameworks and putting
 Not learn testing them to see what are the things that causes people to get excited before you go deeper
 Okay, if you guys notice almost every one of my podcast episodes
 I think I'm like 600 episodes deep now or more is me sharing a quick framework
 That's it
 Sometimes you guys don't tell me anything. I'll get out and sucked
 But guess how I know when I do a good one
 You guys message me I get tons of my dude. That was my that was fire Russell like people in the fire emoji
 I go okay, and people go crazy and I'm like, okay, that's I'm gonna go deeper there
 Okay, all this stuff. I share on stages like this our own stage
 This is the year of testing a lot of stuff you guys like don't care about other things you guys freak out about
 So I'm looking like what are the frameworks that people are are are interested in I'm gonna go deeper though
 I'm start creating those things okay all right
 So understand that frameworks as you can see our every step of the funnel is frameworks here at the ad
 Level there's frameworks here on the opt-in level. Okay. There's frameworks. We're selling in frameworks for yourselves
 Okay, so I'll show you guys I'll show you guys
 This in a lot more detail here in a second
 I'm gonna show you guys a case study once you see exactly how they fit
 Okay, but just imagine the ad you see I'd like who we were once my three step framework for how to add more blah blah blah blah
 Sweet you click on that boom takes the landing page awesome. Give me an email
 I just I'm gonna give you my sit my five step framework for how to do whatever they opt in next page
 They cool I just emailed you the framework. There's a three hour video me teaching this framework in more detail for 37 bucks
 You can have it boom and then we go to like that
 Okay, so the framework is what drives people and pulls them from page to page to page throughout
 Okay, so number three after you've created these frameworks you have to give your framework a proprietary name
 Okay, this way becomes your own if you don't do that then it's just like anybody could rip it off like
 You got to create your own proprietary frameworks. Okay, so for example
 I'm gonna see how well you guys have been paying attention to me for the last five years
 Okay, I'm gonna draw something and when you know what this framework is I want you to shout it out at the top of your lungs
 Okay, you guys ready for this the first one wins a million just kidding you win nothing
 Yeah, okay soon as you know the framework is posted out
 Oh perfect webinar okay
 There's my framework for how to run a webinar
 Do you know how many leads I have gotten by giving people for free my my framework for how to run a webinar?
 Hundreds and hundreds of thousands of leads the people have opted in saying I want to learn how to webinar
 They give me their email address
 I give them the perfect webinar script and we have a free plus shipping version
 We go through there and it's become a huge huge huge lead generator for us
 They somehow be like Russell. What is perfect webinar have to do with clickfunnels?
 Click for all the same in the framework. Oh, but if you have a webinar that works you need click funnels to hold oh
 Oh, okay, that's quick. That's number one. Yes, right number two
 Okay, let's see what framework if you guys know what framework is next
 Okay, you guys ready for this first one yells about wins
 Now you ladder
 You guys know my frameworks. Okay. There's the value on a framework. Okay. Here's your next one
 This is gonna be a little trickier. This one has not been as prevalent, but if you were here last you should know this one
 What's this? What's this you all failed everyone is your last year go home
 some say hook
 Story offer
 Okay, I got one more of my pop quiz
 Okay, you guys ready for this one?
 As loud as you can see you know what it is
 all right
 Okay, you guys know my frameworks. How many I feel like you could confidently come up and teach any of these frameworks because you've seen them so many times
 Yeah, nice about a framework is that people often see the framework. They can remember it
 They can reteach it. They can they can share it. They can grow like it's so so so powerful having your own frameworks
 Tonight after dinner. We are doing a story workshop
 I'm gonna be going deep into my story frameworks
 I'll make sure you guys come back for that because it's gonna be it's gonna be really fun
 I put a lot of work into it
 We learn how to tell some stories. Okay, if you look at business, so like my entire business just frameworks
 How many has read any of these four books? What's that last one?
 What okay doc on secrets are all my frameworks for the first ten years of my business
 I put them together in a book you guys read the book like these are amazing
 I need to buy click funnels now
 Okay expert secrets my frameworks how to sell how to put videos and copy on the pages to convert people as they come through your funnels
 Traffic secrets comes out very very soon
 Which is the all the frameworks how we get traffic into our funnels and unlock the secrets as a secret
 I just keep opening looping you guys to tease you and you're like what is it?
 I'm not ever gonna tell you but you will find out someday, so
 There's a framework for that about open loops, so there you are that's framer's real company, right?
 Okay, if you look at this it's interesting that there's there's framers that are embedded inside of frameworks
 Right so if you look at expert secrets and if I needed to do a five second Instagram post or I wanted to make a
 three minute video about about
 The framework expert secrets I would go to the table of contents and section one the book is how to create a mass movement step two
 Is believed through stories step three is your moral obligation and step four is the X is the funnels you use
 Okay, so there's a framework it's four step framework for how to become an expert
 Okay, I could teach that in three minutes
 But if you look at this inside of each framework each of these sections of the book there's a whole bunch of things inside of each section of the book
 What are they called?
 Chapters so if you if you break it up bigger chapter one is create your own movement, but then inside of there
 There's a framework. There's my the create your mass movement
 There's five steps number one is become there to air the charismatic leader number two the future base cause number three the new opportunity
 Number four opportunity switch case. There's a frame for how to create a mass movement now
 I could go in another step deeper like what's the framework for the new opportunity? I have a framework for that as well
 Caseless framework side of frameworks that frame this is that this is what we do as entrepreneurs as creators
 We're creating frameworks for our people to help get them results
 Okay, you understand that like that's what our goal is so as we are going on this journey ourselves
 I'm trying to find our voice and become an expert. We're going through this path where we say
 I'm trying to get this result for myself first. I'm going through this growth
 I'm trying to get the result as I'm going through this path
 I'm learning I'm claiming framework hypothesis like oh my gosh. I got a result
 I have a framework. I have a proven system now to get a result
 Okay, which is all business really is is what's the result? You're trying to get some now
 I have a proven framework to get anybody this result case now you got a framework. What do you do go sell stuff now?
 Yeah
 No, not yet. You all fell to test
 Just because you have a framework does not mean you just go start selling or making money from it
 Okay, just because the work from you does not mean it's gonna work for everybody
 I had a mistake when I first got started in this part of the business where I had these funnels worked in my business
 I started trying to use them on other companies
 I realized there were intricacies
 I didn't understand in my company versus other people's and it took me a while to respect that enough to say look
 I gotta figure out how does it work?
 What are the changes make it work in a gym versus a dentist versus someone selling physical products?
 They get to figure out those changes intricacies
 So next step is not for you to go start selling them the next phase here is few start
 Working for free and serving your future dream clients
 Okay, you know that the frameworks work for you. It got you the result and I got to find out
 It's gonna work for other people as well. This is where you will learn the intricacies of your art
 Okay, so I got started in this business and the coaching side of this business
 And what I didn't do is set up a website or set up a funnel and be like hey
 I'm Russell Brunson
 I'm really cool one time I made a bunch of money you guys just sign up for my coaching program
 Because two reason one you sound like a jerk and number two I like just because I made my decision
 I'm gonna help anybody else make money
 So the next phase means like well
 I'm gonna go work for free to see if what I when I think is right this hypothesis. I have worked for me
 I'm gonna see for works for other people
 Okay, so what I did this is right before the whole click funnels journey took off
 I met this guy named Drew can only how many guys know Drew can only in here?
 Okay, yeah fit live TV they own
 Organifi and I met Drew and at the time they were kind of struggling their business a little bit and
 It's kind of a crazy
 I'd have I we had a friend in mutual and and I was going through this juicing phase
 My life price wanted to juice everything and Drew's like the juicing guy
 So I was like my wife and I and kids were going to Legoland and Drew lives in San Diego
 So I was like hey, can you introduce me to you to drew?
 I'd love to meet him when I'm when I'm out there and so
 Our co-friend kind of connect us together and like two days later. I jumped in my very first Uber ride ever
 I drove to Drew's house we sat down and it's that awkward moment when like we haven't ever talked before we got kind of introduced by this
 Of the third person like it's gonna be weird. I remember knocking on his door. He opened up like hey
 Do we hug or just like you know like the weird internet high like hi? I've seen your face a lot
 And so let me in and walk in and walk into his room
 I remember in front of my sat down and on the table was one of my first
 Things we said was called 108 split tests. I mean hasn't read 108 split test book
 It was sitting there. I was like oh dude you got my book
 And he's like now that I have your book the creepiest thing just happened
 He's like I bought your book like two days ago showed up
 I'm sitting here re-in through our split test and in my head
 I'm thinking man wouldn't it be cool for us will run so you actually come here and just do these tests for us because I don't know
 How are you gonna do these and then like an hour later?
 Carl calls me and says hey this guy named Russell Brunson wants to meet you
 He's come into your house and now you're sitting here in my living room
 I was like that is the weirdest creepiest thing ever
 so I went there hanging out with Drew and is and get to know him a little bit and
 This is one of the first products that they were selling at the time and I felt I could tell that like I tell they were kind of struggling
 I was like hey
 I'm writing this book. It's called Doc on Secrets. It's not out. Yeah, but I'm gonna write this book
 We're working on this thing and like I would love to come out and just like help you guys out
 He's like well, what would it cost? I'm like all I'm doing for free
 Is it why would you do that? I'm like I
 Don't know because I have no idea if it's gonna work or not. I don't want to charge you it works for me
 I think it'll work for you, but I don't I'm not really sure like I would love just and I love what you're doing
 I love your mission I can help you for free and we kind of went back and forth. He's like he's like what's in it for you
 I'm like I don't know I'm sure if something awesome happens
 It'll be great, but I'm just I want to come in and just work for free. So finally he agreed to I flew out there
 He got him in his team in a little conference room
 We didn't have white board so I'm waiting on the windows because I can't write or can't teach that doodling the roller and windows
 Build a whole bunch of stuff out
 About this time they were working on a green drink
 We helped them to kind of figure out the funnel for that to launch it and
 When this when this got done they launched
 Organify little shortly afterwards and complete transformed their company they went from a struggling company to I
 I'm not a Liberty share their their numbers, but they are in the high eight figures killing right now with with Organify
 So after doing that I was like oh my gosh this stuff does work for other people and then after that drew went
 It made a video telling the story like hey Russell came to us. We were struggling
 He gave us his frameworks gave us his funnels. We launched it. This is what happened
 I took that I took that video I put up on a page and said hey drew things
 I'm awesome
 You want to work for me like drew did apply down below and that's why I created my inner circle program that we filled up with a hundred people
 Off the backs initially of this video
 Okay, so that's the key you guys after the framework after works for yourself now
 You go out and you work for free for the people to find out of what you're doing what you're creating if it's gonna work for other people as well
 This is a step by the way that most people miss they create a framework and they start selling it
 And I go to my funnels not working site because it there's no social proof
 There's no like I don't know if this is actually gonna work for me
 It worked for you sure but what is gonna work for me like I'm in a different business
 I do something completely separate because it worked for me as well
 In case the go out there work for free to prove it what you're doing actually works
 Okay, and that moves us now to step number five and this is where you become an expert we start finding your voice
 Okay
 I'm a huge believer that your results are your qualifications. Okay. This is how you qualify yourself
 As you guys heard earlier, I got to see my marketing class, so I have no marketing degree
 Yet we arguably run on the biggest marketing training companies on planet earth
 Okay, our results are qualification you guys the same thing you have to understand that as you've proven for yourself
 You prove for other people like that's your qualifications go out there start creating and sharing okay?
 So tomorrow I'm gonna be talking deeper on value ladder stuff
 Bibles want to share if those who don't understand the value ladder in this concept right now
 I want to share that that each step in the value ladder there are there are frameworks
 Okay, there's frameworks at the bottom of the value ladder as you start moving up if you look at the transition point
 Usually when you're moving up to value ladder providing more value and charging more money at the by the lower tier
 It's like people are doing the framework themselves you give them a framework
 They opt in they get downloaded they're on their own they give it to themselves right as they move up the value
 Ladders like hey if you pay me something I'll do it for you. I'll do it
 She might do it with you okay move up to value hires
 I'll do it for you and then even higher some kind of combination of both okay
 So let me show you guys a framework in action
 I mean I want to see this whole process in action an actual funnel is killing it right now inside click funnels
 Okay, all right, so I'm gonna show you guys pain junes fun. Hopefully pain june is okay with this
 He made me do a cameo for his infomercial or for his new his new music video last night
 So I feel like he owes me so I'm gonna show his funnel more funnel hacking
 I bought it like 400 times for you guys so he made a lot of money on this already
 But I want to show you guys behind the scenes of how paying perfectly use this framework in action
 How many guys were in fun like a life two years ago when he?
 Three years ago when he gave his presentation on this content machine
 Okay
 So he came and did a presentation for 30 minutes and that presentation became the whole foundation that framework
 He taught a funnel hacking live in 30 minutes became the framework of this entire funnel
 I'm gonna show you guys, but it could and paying is kind of like me and he's got ADD and he has like 500 things happening
 But if he wanted to this and this alone could be his entire business
 Okay, all based on one framework. Okay, so much has work
 So this is the very beginning of the framework the framework starts as an ad and if you zoom in here make a little bigger
 So I can see him
 If you read his ad it says
 Who ever wants me to reveal my nine-step system for telling them blah blah blah
 Okay, so this is framework is his nine-step system. Okay. This is the ad he runs on Facebook
 Okay, so that's the first step here. So the first he's an ad on the framework come here to get my nine-step system, right?
 So I'm gonna reads the ad they say all that framework was awesome. I want to get the result
 He's promised me by following this framework
 So they click on the ad and then take some step number two here, which is the special offer
 Okay, so paying special offer is to do it yourself. It's a book
 Okay, which is literally the transcripts of his presentation here funnel hacking live with pictures of the slides
 It's pretty amazing. Okay, so this is like a free plus shipping by this book
 You can do it yourself. You can go read the thing and then you're off on your own you can get yourself
 Okay, it's free just pay shipping and handling the bottom tier of the value ladder, right?
 Okay, huge sense huge percentage people that click on the ad line on this page like sweet
 This book looks awesome. I want the framework they order it you should have the framework and they get the framework in their hands
 Do it yourself. Okay, so there's step number two there in in the process
 Okay, now after somebody buys that now paying immediately starts moving them up the value ladder within the same framework
 Okay, then I moved to up cell number one. So first up sells like cool. You just got the book
 I'm shipping it out to you. You're gonna be able to read and learn how to do it yourself
 But how much I do it with me? I actually created a whole entire video course is way bigger than this side of the book
 We can see here and we go for the next six weeks and you can do it with me
 I'll train you you listen you go and implement it we go back and forth back and forth back and forth
 Okay, is it done for you thing? So the upsell is the same framework, but you should come up from do it
 Do it yourself time and do it with you. Okay, this is the first up
 I think you sell this for 297 bucks. I believe
 Okay, then it's not subson number one now. He moves up so number two, which by the way is the same framework
 He's just moving up the value ladder. So the next sub so number two now is okay
 You bought the you bought the book how Jack from my team just do it for you
 Okay, we could create all the ads and the banners and the all the content things you need and every single month
 I'm gonna ship you out or sue me every month
 We'll give you a whole bunch of things you can download and we'll do this whole process for you
 Just plug your videos in and you've got it all done for you. Okay, and this one is was charged for it
 It's an eight hundred ninety seven dollars a year or nine seven bucks a month
 Okay, and so he's taking the same framework framework didn't shift right still the framework for how to get more people on video
 We shifted how was fulfilled now. It's done for you all just do it for you and charges almost a thousand bucks for that
 Okay, that's up sell number two and then on the thank you page
 He has the webinar ready coming registered for the webinar and the webinar is a combination
 We sell the three thousand dollar version where they they do even more for you and it's a
 Combination of you and done for you done with you a bunch of things like that and that moves it through
 Okay, but that's one framework that pain created. Okay, this framework this funnel does really really well and if you
 But I want you to sound like if this was this was his only business it could be
 Right this alone is a two-com club business by itself if he just folks on that alone
 Okay from one framework
 Have you guys think you could develop a framework to show people how to get the result in the whatever businesses that you actually do?
 Okay, it's not that difficult so it's understanding that that's these frameworks that's what they are
 Okay, most of the offers were created are based on some type of framework
 So we have to come really really really really good at creating frameworks a way to pause for a second look back in time of everything
 You've experienced with me before you got here today
 The reason why you're in this room is because somewhere along the line you saw a framework you clicked on it
 And some are long you like you opted in for framing some of you bought a framework
 And then you went through thing and like you guys are here today this entire event is a framework
 Okay, my framework to help you guys to get into the two-com look like that's the whole goal of this event
 Right, how do we train people educate them to get them into the to a spot where they get the word on stage with us in two days from now
 Right, that's the whole framework that we we build this whole event around people ask me every single year or Russell
 I want to speak a lot like a live on speak for like a lot Mike you don't understand
 I don't pick speakers. I build a framework and I find it who's the best speaker for each step of the framework?
 Okay, that's how we orchestrate its entire event. Okay, you will notice as you go through every single speaker gets on the stage
 We'll have a framework for something. Okay, they all have received some kind of results
 And they're gonna give you their framework for that result. Here's what you do step one step two step three step four
 The way is looking at through all these presentations through that lens like what's the framework? What's the framework?
 I get I had the process. I have it now I go back and I can implement it
 That's one lens
 But the other thing I was thinking through is like as you start seeing this and see how I teach my frameworks
 How other people teach their frameworks is understanding like this is the business to worry in okay?
 I don't care if you're dentist a chiropractor a supplement cell or physical product
 So info coaching consulting whatever it is like this if you understand how to package things in their frameworks
 Now you got sexy ads now you got amazing options
 I got all the things you need to generate leads to get people coming into your world
 You have a proprietary thing that's unique to you versus everybody else
 Okay, especially if you're selling a commodity especially for your local business where there's 500 other people doing them
 Exactly doing your hometown if you start developing your own frameworks your own proprietary process is different now
 You got an advantage over everybody else. Okay, so this is the this is the process of going from growth to contribution
 We go from the dreamer to the reporter the framework creator to the servant to our expert our guide
 And so that's the framework about how to find your voice you guys like that
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 So you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy
 Help you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause this audio go
 Online and go to one funnel away calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 [MUSIC]
