 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secret show
 We're done with Christmas. We're preparing for New Year's and today. I want to talk to you about
 Mapping out your process for 2020. What is it gonna look like?
 I'll give you some ideas. I'm working out working on and hopefully hopefully it'll help so with that sense cute theme song and I'll be right back
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so hopefully you guys had a great holiday. We're preparing for the New Year's. I got a couple podcasts I want to do
 Specifically about New Year's and resolutions and stuff like that. But before we do that one
 I wanted to talk today about one of the things I've been geeking out and being really excited by right. I started
 It's probably a week or two ago. I was talking to Dave. We'll about this and I was like, you know what in in
 In our marketing. There's kind of a I don't know there's
 I'm curious. I think there's two there's two schools of thought there's like the Russell Brunson school thought where everything's like just in time
 Like oh we got that morning. I'm like, oh, we should do this and like we create a funnel. We launch it and like make money
 And it's really fun right um the problem with that is it's like destructive to a team
 Like they all hate you because you're like they have no planning. They're only going right and then the opposite side of that
 Essentially when Julie Soyn was running the marketing here at ClickFunnels
 For about a year she she's much more of a planner than me
 And so she had everything planned out like you know next month is this funnel for this one like you're like 10 years
 All mapped out and planned out and and that was hard for me
 So I'm like how like why is this funnel next weird like I don't feel I don't feel the energy of it yet
 You know like for me
 It's like what am I excited about today and like let's go do that things that most excited about it very second
 But nice thing about it is it's better for teams because teams can project they can they can for planning and like look at things and
 So it's kind of do different methodologies
 you know mine is
 wreaks havoc on a team, but it's really fun and and I think it it does better in the short term because you're able to fill the
 Pulse of the market like what's happening today? What are we talking about like what can I you know you bring that out and bring it to light right then
 Then the other way is better if you're trying to scale a company scale a team and all those kind of things right because it gives you more more
 ability to figure out where you're going and so
 Here at ClickFunnels kind of this weird spot where everyone's like I get excited and I finish a book project something
 I'm like let's do this thing right now, and and it's fun. We have energy you make a bunch of money. It's awesome
 But then it's like throws everybody else off like we've got all these things all the things were planning what happens to them
 I'm like I don't know just shove them in the future
 So I'm trying to think like how do I like what's the blend of them?
 Right, where's how's the planning structure where you can plan ahead?
 But also how do you how you create something in the yorka plans?
 You can have the the ability to ebb and flow with with the market and with the feeling of what's happening and all that kind of stuff
 And so I haven't been thinking about I started thinking about this
 you know we were
 Last week we did a Christmas launch
 It was kind of like a spur last moment thing and they put it together and it blew up
 I think a lot of you guys bought the offer so thank you for that, but did
 Just shy of two million dollars in in like a three or four day period time, which is pretty awesome, right?
 And it's funny because you know we have our year-end goals and we're trying to hit and there's just you know
 Different dollar amounts I think we were like about two million dollars before we needed to hit our goal for the year
 So it's kind of the thing where it's like oh just spikes up some cells really quick at the end and got us closer to the
 To the to the goal
 And she gets to our revenue goals for years so it worked awesome
 And I was like what if we what if we orchestrate this where it happened?
 Like once a quarter like what if we looked at our company like quarterly?
 Things right like a three month window and so that if we did that instead of like say okay
 This is the funnel one funnel - you know like that kind of thing where it's a super planned out
 But what if we had structure around it? We said okay, what we're gonna do is the very first week of every quarter
 We're gonna do something right so what I'm geeking out on it. We're actually doing next week
 Ah is a seven-day live watch so if you if you're a fun-locking live here Brendan Brucher talk about that
 If not goes to get your ticket to fun-locking live and go watch the replays from last year
 But he does a seven-day live launch and so
 It's my thoughts like what if every quarter we lost we leave the seven-day live launch, which is really fun
 It's tons of value
 Inside of it like them teaching for three days straight people get like all this good will
 Build up your you know you really ship it with the market
 And that kind of happens first in the end of this the seven-day live launch. There's a pitch for us the pitch would be
 Well, this time is gonna be for fun-locking live
 But in the future each quarter the pitch would be to get people to ascend up to
 Clickfunnels platinum, which is our two hundred and eighty seven dollar month level where they get funnel flakes plus all the upgrade
 Clickfunnels features and stuff like that. So that'd be like the the push right the ascension
 So that happens the first week of the quarter and then the next like
 You know whatever it is and yeah, I'm still we're still planning. It's not it's not set in stone yet
 But I'm just thinking out loud
 So for me, I like the next ten weeks like the dot-com seekers book
 There's ten funnel types that we can I go through now as like what if we structure each week where we're focusing on a funnel types
 So week two now week one with seven day launch week number two now is all about lead funnels like the bottom of the value
 Out, right and I say I tell people that week like hey go here's this seven dollar report at leave funnels.com go get it
 It's gonna show you guys like 106 cool if it leave templates
 And that week it's like go get the book super cheap, right?
 Because people in the funnel and then that we come like hey by the way
 I had my team design 10 cool new lead funnels like they're free just go check them out boom and give people free lead funnels
 That look amazing and then they know there's a training about lethal and just that whole week
 We're focusing on leaf holes and then we have
 live hackathons for people inside of a click phones members area where
 If you have click phones count we're doing live hackathons this week three life hack
 Welcome leave phones go log in there
 You can build a lead funnel and like the whole week is just folks on that one funnel type and we're giving value and giving training and
 Giving you know all these things free templates and just giving them excited about lead funnels
 That's that week right so there's a little bit selling but for most parts
 There's tons of value and templates and things get people excited right and then we can number three now
 We go to the second funnel type which could be
 Summit funnels or whatever and then we do that go through the 10 funnels over the next 10 weeks
 Where we're selling a little bit but for most part we're getting people
 Consuming our software and buying the products and using the templates and like seeing how they can use it for their business, right?
 And so how each from a funnel type works for each different type of business and just that becomes this really fun
 Ascension happens the next 10 weeks
 Okay, how many weeks are the quarter? Let's see four to just 12. Yeah, so the first week some day live launch next 10 weeks are us
 Teaching funnels giving funnels like you see some funnel types and templates and in the last week of the quarter
 We do some big launch around something just like we did the end of Christmas that'll hopefully generate a couple million dollars in sales
 To spike ourselves at the end of the quarter
 And then when that ends boom that's weak that's weak whatever the last week of the quarter
 Then the next week is the first week of the quarter
 Which is what seven-day live launch we go and give tons of value teaching for seven days?
 Or for three days and they start the attention then move from there and move back to leave funnels and then to the cart funnels
 And just move through the sequence and so
 I'm thinking that might excite something look this this gives structure to the team
 So we know hey this was happening and so we know hey, you know week three we need 10 cool new
 Templates of this type of funnel we're gonna give away some people know that and they know this but also gives me a flexibility like hey
 Inside of that week of leave funnels like I want to do Facebook lives out that one do this thing about that
 I'm like I can talk and teach and and I have some creativity inside of that that week to do stuff, right?
 But then the team's got structure
 They know like these are things we know from last time that worked
 We're gonna keep using those but you know if you rustle from your Facebook live and geek out and go deep on the topic
 And during this week go for it
 You know if we want to create more templates or different templates or if we want to whatever the thing might be
 We can go and keep them creating and adding and just having having fun with it. So
 Anyway, that's been that's just been kind of the the fun thing I've been thinking about now
 I was just like how do we how do we build out a quarter with with structure with frameworks or the team knows here's where we're going
 But then they're still open up that I can come back and say okay
 Well this month like what I want something live launch to be about what I want to train on and I can be creative and figured out
 Right there. So I have a structure of knowing that I'm doing something this week
 But I have the creativity to figure out what it is actually want it to be
 and
 So anyways getting me excited. So that's something I've had working on it now is building out a quarter-long calendar
 That's got a structured framework
 They can't shift but then inside of that framework
 I have the ability to be creative and think about things and talk about what's exciting in the market right now, right?
 I know this week's about lead funnels. I know this week's something about webinar funnels
 You know, we've got the evergreen stuff we can go to but it's also like based on the market right now
 Like what if you know what's exciting about webinar fun?
 So we go deep into that and kind of some fun with it. So
 Anyway, so that's what I'm doing. I was like kind of planning out some of the structure for next year
 The first quarter gets messed up a little bit because we got fun hacking live and all the things and so
 We are doing this someday. I launched first week, but it's gonna have a different focus and goal
 But my my guess my plan is to get all these things in place and start doing the the different funnel types over the next
 couple months and then the beginning of April is really
 starting starting hard again
 But then there's a problem with the traffic security book launch on May 5th that kind of throws it off
 Oh, well, we will we got to have some kind of way to to ebb and flow where we can we can shift things around if we need to
 So anyway, that's kind of a game plan. I gotta figure out a contingency for what we know
 We have a launch like like that. How do we how do we structure that into the into the plans?
 So anyway, all right. Anyway, I hope that helps you guys. I hope gives you some ideas in some some ways to plan for those who are planners
 that won't kill creativity and a way to
 Plan for the creative people who hate planning but want to be creative. Hopefully gives the best of both worlds
 We'll be testing it over this next year, and I will let you know how it works
 anyway, appreciate y'all. Thanks for listening
 with that said hope you guys have a great New Year's and
 Sign time planning out the next decade can leave the next decade is beginning
 It says a lot recently, but you know Tony Robbins always says that people underestimate what they can do
 Or they overestimate what they can do in a year and underestimate what they can do in a decade
 I think for a lot of you guys your year two years into your thing and you may not be where you want it yet
 But I want you to remember that that this is the long game where you're gonna be the next decade next ten years, right? I
 You know ten years ago. We didn't have click fun. I was ten years ago
 My company was going through near bankruptcy. I still know we didn't go bankrupt. We should have
 You know ten years ago. I was I fired 80 some employees
 I was running from an office hoping they wouldn't follow me because I couldn't keep up there
 I can keep paying for the least like like my world is falling around around me and
 Ten years later here. We are with click funnels with you guys and with everything that makes this happen
 So have faith in the process know that it's a long game
 And the next decade begins to just know like from right now when you think about it 2020 in 2030
 Like where like what's your legacy look like? Where are you gonna be? What's what's gonna be possible?
 If you just stick your nose to the grindstone and keep being consistent keep moving forward
 You know ten years is you like you'll be able to do a lot more than you you think it's possible. So alright
 Thanks everybody. Appreciate you all and have an amazing day
 Hey, this is ruffling in and really quick
 I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with
 5,000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you who think like you who believe like you have vision like you
 If you would like to do that then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live
 It's coming up very very soon
 If you don't have your ticket share you go to funnel hacking live calm and it gives you the ability to leave your home
 Leave where you're you're trying to to create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe
 Like you who see visions like you of what they can create what they can become
 Fun like in life is not just a marketing event
 It's not just a personal development event
 It's both those things wrap into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So I'll make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me
 I go to funnel hacking live calm your tickets. We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well and after you get tickets you will be there with 5,000 other insane crazy fun
 The funnel hackers talking about a girl their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You gotta go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live calm. Thanks so much, and I'll see you in Nashville
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
