 What's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marking seekers podcast and
 Right now I have a treat for you over the next five episodes
 I'm gonna be taking you in behind the scenes of an interview that I did with Josh 40 about the book Atlas Shrugged and
 Some of you guys have read out of shrugs and you haven't seen any know the premise
 I mean you don't and I want a preface this by saying I don't not believe in everything taught in the out of the shrug book
 I love a lot of it talks about producers versus consumers the looters than the takers versus those
 In society who are who are the creators right and there's a lot of things I strongly line with there's also things that I don't strongly line with
 And so I love I love the book like one of my favorites. I've ever read
 and
 And so that's that's the first thing number two is as I was finished the book. I remember Josh 40
 He was one of our funnel hackers
 he wanted to interview with me and I just I don't have time for interviews and
 as we're getting closer and closer to the election we kind of gotten a
 You know we talked on on Facebook. We were posting some common signs like you know what the interview that I would actually love to do would be
 About Atlas Shrugged looking at the whole political thing is happening right now in the elections everything through the lens of Atlas
 Shrugged that actually be fascinating for me because I don't typically as you know talk about politics, right?
 I do talk about religion, but I don't talk about politics. That's not something I I
 Typically go into but I thought it'd be interesting
 To look at politics from the lens of Atlas Shrugged and so in this interview series
 It's a lot of fun talk about producers versus consumers. We talk about the left and the right talk about some
 Political things now Josh just so you know ahead of time
 He is very pro Trump very much on that side of the the discussions during this interview and this interview just you know
 Took place before the elections as of right now
 I'm still not sure who won you guys probably know the time you're listening to this but as a
 When I'm recording this we don't know so but he definitely leans on the the Trump side
 I get I don't really share much of my political beliefs, but you'll get kind of what I believe and why I believe it
 The lens of Atlas Shrugged over this interview series. So I hope you enjoy it
 It was a lot of fun to do a lot of great feedback and comments in the game. We talk about stuff. I don't typically talk about
 Ever
 This may be a one-time shot to hear inside my mind when it comes to
 politics religion and
 All through the lens about the shrug the book
 So with that said I want to introduce you guys to the first part of this five-part interview series of me and Josh
 Forty talking about Atlas Shrugged
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 We are live what's up, oh my word with the
 Incredibly, I don't know if long-awaited hasn't really been that long so two months ago
 So much expected podcast with mr. Russell Brunson hints. How are you doing dude? I'm doing amazing man
 Thanks for flying all way to Boise just for this conversation. Yeah, absolutely
 I'm this is probably the conversation I'm looking forward to most certainly in my life thus far when it comes to
 Business and business and philosophy and everything like that. Well, you're funny your wife said. Thanks so much for coming out
 I was like yeah, it's certainly yeah because the income used to me to fly all the way out here
 I will say this is my first ever in-person interview like this. Oh, yeah, we got the microphone set up
 I know we have professional. I've never done we have literally we have a soundboard down here
 We got Russell's mic you guys here. It's all right by the way guys for all of you listening on audio
 We apologize because we're gonna ask for some comments in the Facebook feed here. We got everybody down here by the way
 You can sell comments down here. What's up everyone? All right guys if you are live comment down below
 Let us know where you're tuning in from let us know if you know Russell or if you know me or if you know both of us
 Or what you're both looking forward to and also I'm gonna be honest with you
 We're just gonna be like super chill at we have guys. We have a live audience back here
 We got Dave Dave's over there. We got Jake. Where's where where Jake go?
 Jake's working. Oh there we go. Jake's working late over there. By the way design these amazing shirts for yeah
 Check it out. This is my rear and still shirt. This is I who was John Galt's shirt in this great
 Okay, but I feel like rush to the back the back so it's already TI says I
 Stand by I started my life with a single absolute that the world was made
 Was mine to shape an image of my highest values and never to be given to a lesser standard no matter how long or hard the struggle
 So just like these shirts these are custom made for tonight and you guys may have a chance to get one of these but not yet
 Yeah, no not yet
 the ability if you guys oh
 Man oh man, it's gonna be fun, but these are constantly we've literally made these today because we're at least in sweet shirts and
 For the show so or okay, love wolf says he got your text. Do you send a text everybody?
 Dude Russell on top of that. I said I'm a chat Russell on text. All right guys
 Let's lay some ground rules here. So the quickback story behind this and it's gonna be weird
 Quickback story behind this is I make a post on Facebook. Oh what probably three months ago now or so two three months ago
 And I go we need some epic people to interview for the podcast
 Who do you know tag them all down below and shout out Georgie Georgie comments and goes?
 I coached Russell Brunson. You should totally interview me. I was like
 You gotta be you gotta be pretty gutsy to like tag Russell in your comment and tell him you coach him
 But then Russell comments back towards is a Olympic Russell. He was on the Bulgarian Olympic team
 You're Russell boys to stay with me. He's the man. So yeah, so he
 He got all right comment back. I go you coach Russell and then Russell goes. Well, yeah, he coached me
 He's awesome. He's totally interviewed and so I said yeah, Georgie
 Of course you can come on. We'll do an interview, but Russell
 Got a open invitation to you if you want to come back on and then you're like sure if we can talk about guns
 I don't know you didn't say sure you said can we do it about Atlas show? Yes
 Yeah, because I interview a lot about business stuff and like I pulled the microphone
 I don't I don't do a lot of interviews because I feel like I've said what I want to say
 But I just finished
 Literally probably the fattest book in the history of books called Atlas rug and I was deeking out on it and
 And I want to talk about it
 I didn't have a way or someone to geek out with other than some of my friends here
 And I was like go to go out the shrug them in and then you start freaking out
 Well, the only the funny thing was is I go
 something to the effect of like you want to talk about the fall of
 Capitalism because of a boycott because of a brilliant person and why socialism sucks. Yes, absolutely
 I would love to do that to which you don't give me a yes or no answer you reply back and go ha ha oh man
 That'd be fun. I'm like talk about an open loop man. Come on. So anyway
 I immediately messes Russell and I'm like you better not be you better not be joking because it's like that would just be rude
 Because no, I'm totally in so about two months go by you had a bunch of stuff
 Yeah, some fun stuff during that time while I hang out running Tony Robbins. Yeah, Tony man and
 Yeah, it's been been chaos the last couple months not gonna lie and we got we got closer and closer to election
 I'm like this is an interesting conversation post-election
 But I think it's more interesting before election and so like was it two days ago three days ago
 You're like I will fight a boy. Yeah, I record this what day do you have open?
 I'm like only Wednesday night and now it was yeah, it was a Friday afternoon
 I like we were walking back and forth you like dude. We gotta get this done before the election. I'm like, huh before the election
 Oh my word. I said all right sounds good like what time you available?
 That's what's like, you know what I was gonna ask you creatively, but I'm just gonna ask you
 How about I fly out to you and you're like heck yeah, so guys, that's the backstory. That's how we got here
 And so this is an open conversation about atlas shrugged and kind of everything that encapsulates
 I think we'll talk about some religion some politics kind of some both sides of the aisle there and open it up so um
 Anything else you want to add to that? Um, the only thing I would add is um
 because uh
 This book by the way, if you haven't read it is very polarizing
 There are people on both sides of it and I think both of us wanted to stress ahead of time that
 Um, I do not believe in everything in this book a lot of things in this book
 I do believe it
 Um, and it's interesting one things I want to dive deeper in in this conversation
 I'm excited for and I told you on through voxxer. I was like I was like what's fascinating to me
 He's not like this is what we should believe what was fascinating to me is as I was reading this book
 And we'll get into premise of the book those who haven't read it
 But you know the big things like producers and like and going out there and like creating stuff and doing things
 Which is like what entrepreneurs do right and and they even gets in the part of like like greed is good
 Like you should be greedy because it's gonna create all these these amazing things which which then does the byproducts really good
 And part of me is like, yeah, she has she has she has and part of me as a as a believing christian is like
 I hear this message
 I believe in and I hear in my mind ringing christ talking about faith hope charity and love and like and I feel like they're these two polar opposite things
 Which by the way when we dive into politics a little bit like there are two polar opposite sides one that please one one blues the other
 And I think that there's there's a happy medium and that's what I want to dive deep into is because I don't want anyone thinking like
 Oh, Russell and josh just believe this or whatever it's like no there there's there's sides of this and I empathize on both sides
 I want to talk about boltan because they're fascinating and I think I
 Anyway, I've I've I've toyed like writing a book about this concept these two things that anyway
 I think it'd just be fun to kind of first time verbally ever talk about yeah, so I'm excited for it
 Yeah, and I would just echo that as well. Um, I think one of the things that often happens with me with my
 It's so funny
 You who never ever talks about politics and me who doesn't know how to get on facebook without arguing about politics
 Um colliding here, but is that a lot of times I get like grouped into oh you like this reading therefore you believe with like everything
 Like you read this book or you like support this person or whether it's you know a political figure or a book or something like that
 It's like by saying that you enjoy that or that you learned a lot from it that like all of a sudden
 Like you suddenly believe everything in it and that is not the case at all and I've gotten a lot of criticism from
 People that are like how could you possibly like at least drugs? I'm like well
 The conversation that we're gonna have so real quick before we dive in I'd be curious
 I want to do a poll real quick. How many of you guys have actually read the book?
 I'm curious to know yeah, hold up here. Um, there's two different versions of it
 But uh if you've read the book just comment below
 There's the number one if you have read the book the number two if you have not read the book
 I think that'll just kind of give us a poll. We got like 200 people count that as reading too. Yeah
 Either way
 Yeah, if you like
 Not if you like know the premise of the book, but like actually have read the book and like have a uh deep understanding of it
 Or not deep understanding because I understand the stories and the yeah things like that
 Because I think they'll be interesting. So one is read one is read two is not read more ones than I thought it was going to
 Russell's book is so underrated. We're 50 50
 Oh, yeah, I think we should take a poll at the end. What's better? Uh, at least drug or dot com
 That's that's the that's the real question. We should be asking right now. Okay, so we have a lot of people that have not read it
 So I'll have to go into the premise of that. Okay
 Um, you're right. Sorry. Yeah, there's a rock and roll with it. Okay. Um guys
 We want to let a couple ground rules. Okay, because Russell
 I don't know what it's like to be Russell Russell doesn't know what it's like to be me
 But like I think we both have a mutual understanding that we could very easily be taking out a context here
 Um, I think the goal
 And then I want you to kind of expound them on this is like
 We're not trying to take a side here. We're trying to have open discussion about it
 Like this could very easily turn into something. It's like why you should over trump why Biden sucks
 Why Biden's great? Why trump sucks or you know something like that or like certain religion or
 We're not trying to convince you of anything really in fact
 This is honestly more of a conversation for us
 And we're like we think it'd be cool to stream it out to a bunch of people because there's a reason for me to fly out here and do that
 But the purpose of this is to
 Have an open discussion about the book the premise of the book like an understanding of it
 And then like honestly, we're probably gonna like be in our own little world over here
 And we want you guys to like interact and comment and like engage and like post your questions
 And we'll go back through it obviously but like the purpose of this is not to try to convince anybody of anything
 It's simply to at least from my perspective shed
 a new perspective and like give the perspective of somebody who
 For those of you that don't know who Russell is. I mean founder of a click fun
 I was a billion dollar company, uh, you know, uh, sas company you have 400 in place
 400 in place so like from that perspective and like from my perspective like to open your eyes like a new perspective of what
 Like what we like what we don't like and like I said more of a conversation like for us
 Yeah, nothing is good. And I think um
 Yeah, like I think a big thing that we will talk about our goals are to convince you of anything in fact
 I think I
 I'm so convinced myself of both sides, right? Like I believe both these two
 You know things that seem contradictory, but I think there's a middle ground and i'm excited explore it
 So they'll be fun cool. So I think we uh, I think we got a talk about premise
 Yeah, we got a job on the i might have a middle mini statue behind me that might help. Oh, yeah, okay
 So those are not right. I was trying I didn't know what the premise was the first
 But this is the story of alice
 So we guys know alice was cursed to be able to have to hold care to the entire weight of the universe entire way of the world
 Upon his shoulders for forever, right?
 And um, and so this is where the premise of the book like like all of us right people who are listening to this my guests as you are a producer
 Right, otherwise you probably want me listening to me or to josh like, um, I attract I teach I coach I help producers
 Entrepreneurs people are trying to change the world, right?
 And kirce how many guys have ever felt this pressure, right?
 We feel like you literally have the entire weight of the world upon your shoulders
 and if you haven't like like
 Like it's time to become a producer
 First off second off like I can I can empathize like I there's so many times you can ask the day when you guys my team
 There's days I come in I was like I feel like i'm gonna crack like there's so much weight to carry this around
 And I think i'm guessing moshias have felt that it could be with your family could be in work could be
 Business like whatever it is, but you felt the way the world right?
 So this is what atlas had to to hold right and um and so the premise of the book
 Atlas shrugged is what would happen if the producers the people that are carrying the weight of the world on their shoulders
 What happens if they were to go on strike and they were to shrug their shoulders like in fact should I read their title you gave me
 So josh has the gift they gave me some amazing tiles
 Uh, this is a quote from uh for actually from the book uh atlas shrugged
 Um talking about this it says if you saw atlas the giant holds the world on his shoulders
 If you saw that he stood blood running down his chest his knees buckling his arms trembling
 But still trying to hold the world aloft with the last of his strength and the great
 Uh the greater of his efforts to heavier world bore down on his shoulders. What would you tell him to do?
 To shrug
 That's things like what happens to society when us the producers when we cannot no longer want to hire care the way the world
 We shrug and we walk away from it and um the book is is is a story about that like what happens when producers are disappearing and start
 Leaving they start going on strike. You see society what happens when when the producers just appear? Yeah, I think that's
 so it's interesting because
 There is no one named atlas shrugged in the book and there's nobody named iron rand in the book and so
 There's concepts that she's writing about outside of that and it's this
 How do you summarize a 1200 page book?
 Say all right so basically in the book there is a main character by the name of dagnie
 Oh, oh, I say the job they only done. Oh, here. I have a magnetist me for the first
 Sorry for the first two thirds of the book. Uh, the the main character is uh, uh, one by the name of dagnie
 and basically she is one of the producers of society and um she
 Is not the head boss of the railroad, but she's like basically the person that runs this railroad company and
 It is written what 1950s when this was produced
 So in 1950 and it's basically like this forecast into the future of a government that is basically forcing
 uh super super strict restrictions on two private businesses and like making them do things kind of like today in america
 um, but like super super government over-regional lot of ways and so uh, um,
 Dagnie is trying to keep the world afloat more or less by like getting the railroads done on time and like getting orders shipped
 And I'm like super open simplifying
 But like around her all the people that she worked with like that owned all these other companies that like she would buy copper from her
 But she would buy steel from her buy the railroad track from her by the coal from like all of a sudden
 Like all these like head people like imagine like people like russell bruns like all his friends like to start disappearing
 like imagine like elan musk and and
 Jeff Bezos and and russell bruns and like all of them just like start disappearing right like that's what's happening all around her
 And she doesn't understand that what's happening to them because just one day it's up and it's gone
 And so the premise of the like the first two thirds of the book is like showing this story of this producer
 Who is living in this world of like super government?
 Uh tyranny like overreach that's like super super controlling and she's watching all of her friends disappear and she doesn't know why
 We should that's a pretty good explanation of it so far and every time they disappear like lilybannan notice something that says who is john gaul
 That's the theme to the book is who is john gaul like who is this john gaul person?
 Um that makes all the producers disappear and and every time and so and and daggie has no idea who john gault is
 Right and she doesn't even know actually for a while that that john gault's actually even a real person
 And so once she does find out that john gault is probably a real person like john gault becomes like her sworn enemy because she like doesn't know
 Who he is or like what he's doing all she knows and all she associates with is that john gaul is taking away all these producers of
 Society it's making her life harder because like imagine you being an entrepreneur and like all of your entrepreneur friends
 That they're like you buy stuff from and that you send all your people to your referrals like everything you buy all your supplies from
 Like imagine they're like all just disappearing and you think it's because of this one guy who's like taking them all away and like
 You don't know what's happening to them like obviously
 They become your sworn enemy and so if like for the first two thirds ish of the book
 Like that's kind of this premise of like the painting is really really vivid story of
 These what do they call them the great thinkers of society?
 Yeah, the great minds of society basically like disappearing and daggie and there's a guy by the name of hank reared and I think
 Reardon still reared. Yeah. So one of the like
 Daggie and hank reeder are like kind of like the two major ones left
 Right before the like the big plot twist happens and you're like oh and then you get introduced to john gault
 I want to let you explain john gaults now. Oh man. Okay, so that's the first two thirds of the book
 By the way, there's movies don't watch them. Yeah, that's really good. Yeah, read a book
 So two thirds two thirds in the book she starts trying to figure out this this mystery of who's john gault she ends up finding him and
 Turns out that he has been going around and getting all these producers to go on strike
 Commences them that like look it's not we're fighting for anymore. Um all your incentives are gone like let's leave
 Let's go on strike and they and they leave and um and they
 You know john gaults trying to get her to leave and she's like i can't like to do everything in in my power
 It's the last third of the book is her you know leaving john gaults
 Presence and going back and trying to figure out how to do this thing is she's watching just
 The government regulations getting harder and harder and harder and harder to the point where everyone just tests disappear
 And one of the things john gault and the people say like when the lights of new york go out then we'll come back and we'll
 we'll
 rebuild society from the ground up after the looters and the the people are gone and that's basically the book ends is
 The lights in new york goes to go out and and then for a lot for such a long book also just ends you're like
 Oh my god. Yeah, yeah, like one more chapter come on. They just end it ever never gonna get it. Ah, so well, maybe
 Maybe i'll write it. Yeah
 Um, but so like that's like the storyline of the book
 But where I think we really both want to focus here is kind of premises
 uh and like the the overarching ideas that like the book presents
 and um
 Capitalism versus socialism and I think we'll talk religion and politics and kind of everything you've got in that
 But I kind of want to if sorry with you like I kind of want to like turn the conversation more like towards us now
 Just kind of like start geeking out. Um just about that
 So like guys like we'll obviously go back and by the way, we want like all your comments if you're actually comment below right now
 Like where are you watching are you watching on youtube? Are you watching it on think different theory page or are watching on a russell page?
 Like comment down below because it's even to multiple different locations
 Um, so we have uh a bunch of different people tuning in for everything
 So just comment down below like leave your comments leave your questions like smash the like button love button like share this out
 Uh and we're gonna just kind of turn this here
 All right, awesome. What's up? Hey, man. All right, dude
 I've been wanting to and I hate this terminology
 But like just pick somebody's brain like yours for the longest time and like this book. Oh my gosh
 So give me like what do you like about the book? Like what what was your favorite thing?
 Yeah, well, let me tell the back story. So I um so 2008 is when the market crashed last time right and I realized that that year
 Over 500,000 copies were sold organically by people talking about it. Like talking about this is everything
 She's prophesied is happening right now. And so back then I remember all my own some of her friends
 Like you have three of these book cap like it was the word amount of buzz to sell 500,000 copies of a book that's been
 You know the the author died
 Whatever 30 years earlier, you know that there's not active marketing out there. I guess it's crazy
 And everyone's talking about like what's happened this book has happened 2008 and it's just like it's like prophesying out
 It was being fulfilled and so everyone in 2008 was telling me to read this book
 I remember buying it and I was like this is a really really big
 And I kept trying to get it tried it took me a while to get into and I could never get into it
 I read or the first I don't know first two or 300 pages like four five times
 And then finally this summer um
 One of my very first trip where I didn't bring a laptop since my marriage
 So my wife is very proud of me
 Dang
 And uh and so as I was leaving the office I grabbed this book and I picked it up and I was like
 I have no computer but I got this one and usually I bring like 20 books just because I never know what I'm going to read
 I just brought one and I'm just like I'm gonna I'm gonna do this I'm gonna be forced
 I'm on a lake for a week and a half of my kids and I can do is read this book
 So I brought it got the audiobook as well. I'm it's funny. You do I do the same way
 I listen audiobook and read along um, yeah second listen to it way faster that way
 And uh and I started going through it and took me a little while
 She does such a good job of character development very beginning it took a while to get into it
 Yeah, for sure
 It hits the news like
 You think thing after thing after thing is so oh yeah, it got crazy and so
 For me it was interesting because um
 I think if I were to listen to it 10 years ago or read it 10 years ago, I I um had never experienced any of
 Of the things they talked about in this book, right?
 Um that now you don't have to worry about it. Yeah, no you better
 um, I never experienced like government regulations and things like that, right or just those kind of things and um
 as clickfulness has grown from
 for me and Todd to
 You know to our first our first member to our first thousand ten thousand hundred thousand member
 You know 400 400. I don't have any employees a lot 400 plus employees
 Um as it's grown it's been crazy because you would think to like always be focusing on here inside of clickphones like the next feature in the app
 Next thing, you know, and like there's the year where we have spent entire year just refactoring the software for GDP our compliance
 Um, we have regulations that come in on on taxes and this like just it's constant where like most of the battles
 We fight clickphones right now. It's not about like how do we make this thing better for the customer?
 It's like how do we protect our customers from the government like it's crazy and like
 Regulations and things and so like I've been feeling this pressure
 Um some of you guys may have seen my interview. I did with Tony robin or I interview bit
 Uh, Tony robin's an intervention to me last year in phoebe. Yeah, that was fascinating. Oh, I'm so glad we captured that like it was
 A really cool moment in my life, but if you listen in there I talked about he was like what do you want to do?
 And I was like, I don't know but I like the pressure like I love the game
 So I love everything I'm doing I love the people we're serving but like there's these other pressures that aren't the game that aren't the people that are just like
 They get so heavy sometimes where it makes me want to just walk away and um again
 I you know as I'm reading this book. You hadn't read that the book of this hat ready. Yeah, okay as I'm reading this where it's like
 Did you like did you know anything about like like you know nothing? Okay? I didn't know how to start men
 I was just like oh it's atlas. I didn't know what and it was like when I read this title like what would you tell atlas if this was happening?
 Just shrug and I was like oh, that's why they call that the shrug and then I remember feeling like
 Like vividly feeling the pressure of this calling right and how heavy it is and there's been so many times I wish like
 Okay, sometimes it'd be so nice to walk away or to shrug or whatever and so like I instantly
 Like when with dagnies character I was like I feel it with a hang career and like I I had so much empathy and like
 Understood their character because I feel that so many times like I just want like hang career
 Just wanted to invent his steel and put it out. That's all he cared about right for me
 You know funnels are my art like like I can't draw but like funnels are my that's my art and entrepreneurship
 That's my art and so I just want to do my art. That's it
 Like I he's want to create steel and it's all these other things and just like I just I just want to do my steel
 Like how do I you know? I just want to do my art? How do I why don't you deal with all this other stuff?
 And um and so as I'm reading this like I just had so much empathy for the characters
 Because I felt like I was the characters even though it's weird because it's railroads and stuff
 I know you know and I'm internet
 But um, I think that's why I really got into it and then I got just curious like like what happens like
 How does the story end because I'm in the middle of it and if you you know,
 Depending who's listening you may or may not have felt some of these pressures as you grow you feel them like like
 uh
 Is essentially as click phones have grown we talked about like like the the pressure that that I feel today would have crushed me five years
 Right, and it's like you have to go through this thing
 We build capacity to build handling next their pressure and build capacity and build capacity and nowadays like stuff happens
 Daily that's just like man that would have destroyed me five or six years ago, you know
 And so I think if you guys haven't felt that as you grow as you continue to try to like
 Get your message out and try to grow your businesses whatever like the bigger you get the more that pressure comes
 Do you think so with that and I want to continue that because it's such a good conversation, but like with that
 With the pressure the things that are happening now like daily that would have like wrecked you five years ago or three years ago
 Like whatever it was do you think it's good though that
 That they did wreck you back or that that they would like is it good that at the capacity that you
 Understood that those you took those things seriously then or would have been better for you to just like be in this mindset
 Like I know it's not possible
 But I looking back like if you could like snap your fingers and back then would have had the mental capacity to ignore all of those things
 And like go up with that a bit of a good thing or like the fact that you went through all those things
 Is that going through it is what makes you worthy of the things right?
 I'm ready for otherwise
 It's like lifting weights like you try to squat eight hundred pounds
 You're like that's what it feels like right your legs buckle and you die
 But because you went through that things you're able to have the capacity to hold the weight, okay?
 Yeah, so they were saying thing for me that was the big things reading this and so I was just like
 Fastening so I was like this is kind of my story like what how does it end? How long do you get through it?
 Um
 I said about two months. I got a lot of it down the boat and they got into biking for a while
 So I was like listen to what I mean biking right?
 It's a biking biking like one more chapter one more chapter
 Shake as of it
 um
 It's funny because you know one of the one of the premises and
 Um
 They don't really say they don't say greed is good, but there's a chapter
 I think it's called greed and I remember if he has never seen Wall Street
 Gordon Gueckler talks about greed is good and and I never understood that that premise right and the book they start talking about how how like
 Greed is what drives this whole thing is it called green?
 I'm trying to find it. You told me a greed. Yeah, and then anti-greed. Yeah, so you try to be agreeing than anti-greed
 So what's interesting is um because we're taught all of us are taught that greed is bad, right?
 Like that's just like it shouldn't be greedy like that's it
 I think a principle that's instilled in most of us, but then I think about
 For me when I start this business, why did I start this business? I want to make money. Yeah, that's greed, right? You think about any of us
 Like we go through a phase in all of our lives that greed is the driving factor, right?
 When I wanted to become a good wrestler
 I wanted to become like I want I want to become a aggressor's greedy
 I went and got coaches and spent all my time to be and I I became I was in a very selfish time in my life
 Not as bad, but it's a very greedy time, right?
 um kids when they're first born
 Like I love my kids. They are so they're not in a bad way, but they're greedy
 It's about them, right? Right and um it's this growth phase where growth you have to be greedy during the growth phase, right?
 You're trying to learn you're being you're sucking things in you're learning and you're you're not contributing it. You're just learning you're growing and um
 And it was interesting because as I'm going through this I'm like the greed is what got me into business, right?
 And it's what got these things started and then the byproduct of that is jobs were created and things like all the byproduct of it is like
 I think in the book I would justify it's like like ranked rear and going after you want to build it still and make a bunch of money
 We had tens of thousands of jobs and changed the world and changed all these things
 and so
 The premise in the book is that greed is this driving force that gets you gets you moving and it is like you know
 Any aspect of your life from sports to education to business to everything I get starts with greed now
 We'll go deeper in this. I don't want to ever think that I'm just into this further
 Transition point we'll talk about in a minute, but there's a transition point from greed from growth to contribution happens
 but but that's in the book where I start talking about that and um
 I remember I was on the green belt here in boisey riding my bike with james p4 listening to this when i'm reading that listening to that chapter
 and um
 And I was trying to think like is this is this true like like did I get started because it agreed and it's like yeah
 I didn't start a business. I want to change the world eventually that happened, but it wasn't like it was
 Greed was this was the driving force that moved before and he moves all this forward this a long time
 And I was as I was listening as I'm riding my bike. I'm like, yes
 I understand this and then the other half me was like I started thinking about my spiritual upbringing, right?
 I'm very christian. I'm a member of the church of jesus christ of larry sainte
 um and I
 And I started thinking about christ and his teachings which are
 Like honestly the opposite right it's like really the polar opposite. Yeah, which it's funny whenever you say that
 People are like, you know, josles is socialist. I hear that a lot. I'm like
 You need to read the bible. But um, anyway, but like I think it definitely is way more liberal leaning
 Right, right and I think that that's where republicans conservative like traditionally on that side of the aisle like fiscally republicans
 Getting in trouble is like we're like yeah, we're christians
 But like we want to get rich and like they never talk about like all this other g
 like people like to use christianity. I feel like as a
 Like when it's convenient and they don't we call it cafeteria christians, right?
 They pick and choose the things off the menu. They want right and then then they go through and do it
 So I definitely want to dive further than that but continue down that continue down. Yeah
 So that that's sort of this question on my head though of just like
 So is greed bad men or is it good or like where does it fit in the whole grand scheme of things because it is something that instilled at all of us from birth
 Right when you're born your baby. You didn't have greed you would just die. Right? It's me like I need some of the food
 I need love I need shelter. I which makes you cry which got
 Creates people coming to you like it's it's greed is just driving forces and sealed in humans from from birth right?
 When we come here greed is what helps us survive the first part of our life
 And um, and first I was having this like conundrum. I was like, oh like this is book evil like
 Right, but I'm like all the good things in my life that happened happened initially because of seed of greed started me on on
 Motion right started me momentum and then I started thinking uh if you've read the expert seekers book
 Which if you haven't you haven't you must make money come on. No, but in the beginning expert seekers book
 I talked about this concept as well where um
 As an expert there's there's two phases we go through the first is a growth phase right like i want to be an expert in
 Whatever you go through and you're you're a consumer right consuming everything and that's greed right?
 And then there's this transition point where eventually you keep you start grow grow grow grow right and I learned everything going there
 I'm listening to podcast. I'm reading all the books. I'm growing growing growing and eventually
 Uh, there's this this point. I remember feeling it in multiple parts of life and wrestling
 I felt it in business. I felt it where where you can't continue
 I guess it gets hard like that your ability to grow through consumption slows to almost like a halt where you can't continue to grow
 right and so for me it's like
 For my I've shared the story. I think I shared in the book with wrestling. It was like I was I was a really good wrestler
 I was a high school state champ. I was in uh to second place in the nation
 I was an all-american and my senior year I got invited to go to wrestling tournament and my wrestling or uh
 not wrestling camp my coach is like hey do you want to come coach wrestling this summer?
 And I was like why would I do like I like what's in it for me?
 Before you go on here. I want to ask is this so you're riding your bike right your bike chaffara like wrestling with this whole greed thing
 Is this the first time that you've thought about greed in this way?
 Like it's the first time so you like and this is how long this is what six months ago?
 um
 Not even that probably probably through maybe four months ago
 So you've built most of click fun of what click fun
 Is this today and now this is the first time like you're really sitting down and like wrestling with this idea of like greed
 Is it bad? Is it good? Like what's the balance there stuff like that? Yeah, it's fascinating. Yeah, it never crossed my mind really
 Um, and then I started like it became a similar like it bothered me because I'm like, oh my gosh like I don't want to be a greedy
 Perk like you know what I mean, right? And I'm like, I don't think I am but like
 But I was stuck. I couldn't figure that out, right?
 And so already wanted the wrestling story because I think yeah, yeah, set it up. Yep, but um my senior year till again
 I I'd been growing as a wrestler. I was going to camps. I was getting coaching and it was greedy
 Right? I was sucking up everyone's brain power. I could and I became a really good wrestler because of it
 And then my my coach asked me to go coach the wrestling camp. So I say yes go to the wrestling camp and um
 And I remember he's like, okay. I need you to teach
 My best means of cheap. I can really get it tilts. So the rest is rather than really good cheap tilts
 And he's like teach these kids how to do cheap tilt. I was like, okay
 Like so I walk out of like 30 kids. I'm like, yeah
 You do this like you just do like that and they all grab they'll look at me and they go try and they try to do cheap tilt
 And they all just fall apart and like just dumb
 It's not that hard. I'm like, come back in come back and know you did it all wrong. I'm saying you do
 I show them again like go do it they go back out. Nobody can do it
 And then also I'm like gosh like they're missing something. What is this?
 Like having come back in
 I start breaking down like hey for the move to work like your hips have to be here your legs have to be here
 I start walking through
 All the things and as I'm doing that I start realizing like oh
 The reason why I'm able to do is because of this and I started realizing what I was doing as I was teaching people
 I taught it to people then then the kids started doing it and they got better and better and also I started realizing like oh my gosh
 Like this movement works because of this and now that I was aware of the like the situation now as they would like
 Make these tweaks and stuff of my own and and like I realized that by coaching other kids
 I like that was the next level growth
 It was the shift from like selfish greed growth to contribution and so after I started coaching camps every year and that's why I started
 I went from like slowing down my progression to like also it sped back up again by shifting from growth to contribution
 Okay, and so I think the same thing happens in business
 Right I got in business because that seat of greed is in us it gets us moving gets us into momentum
 And some people never get out of that some people live their entire lives chasing greed and they die and it's it's a tragedy, right?
 But I think for most people there's this transition point. I don't know where it happens happens different spots for everyone
 We're all of a sudden you realize you make the money you start the business and you realize how unfulfilling that is right?
 You're tapping out you're like I'm not growing anymore
 Like I thought I wanted money, but I don't want growth
 I guess what we're here on this planet for us to get us to grow as humans, right?
 You don't get that and also you realize money's not fulfilling
 But then you start helping you start seeing the other people you're contributing to how you're helping and then it shifts to like
 You know we hear people talking like it's an impact
 Business about impacts about growth is not helping other people and like that's that transition
 That's charity love that's pure love of Christ, right? It's that transition
 Agreed is the seed that gets us moving right and so there's this there's this like this handoff
 It doesn't happen all the time and just quick or yes
 Cool if I get like like share scripture stuff because like all this stuff is scriptural
 It's not just they don't get this I also like my podcast
 Yours closure is going
 I wrote down the scripture like this is a scripture so
 because
 It illustrates this point like I think it's so good
 Also, I just want to say russell vox me and he said that this is the first episode of a podcast that he's ever prepared for
 And I just feel like when you said that I'm like, huh
 I was the first for something for us. So let's go
 I want to be ready
 Okay, so this is the scripture it says
 For the natural man is an enemy to god and has been from the fall of adam and will be forever and ever
 I'm sorry by their case natural man's enemy god. Why is that we're born?
 We have this great inside of us or the natural human is the enemy god because we're chasing after greed, right?
 But but god gives us that seed because this what creates momentum it creates motion it creates is doing something right
 And then it says in here says
 The natural man's enemy god and has been from the fall of adam will be forever and ever and then this is this is the transition point
 Unless he yields to the enticings of the holy spirit
 So he'll be eat like he'll be he's greedy forever
 Right forever ever unless he yields the enticings of the holy spirit and put it off the natural man and become with the saint through the atonement of christ
 The lord and become with the as a child submissive me combo patient full love
 Wind to smith to all things which the lord sees fit and flicked upon him even as a child this smith to his father
 So growth is the seeds the natural man's the thing we have that
 It's good right god gives it to us because it gets us to do stuff gets us to learn
 It gets us to not die in our crib
 They're like because we need love and attention and bit fed right so he gets us off our butts off the couch
 He's that's being producers against this moving and if we're not careful though
 The natural man will will destroy us like you see so many people who have made tons of money and they destroy themselves in their lives because they don't do that second thing which is
 um
 Unless he yields to the enticings of the holy spirit. That's the thing saying this is not about money
 That's about the impact look at the people you're changing and it shifts right if you make that shift and all of a sudden now
 The senior cranes is not about greed. It's like oh my gosh like like I remember for click phones
 Like when I had that transition it's like when I started seeing brandon and kaolin pole and I started seeing the ripple effect of their business
 I started seeing like I can name hundreds of people like person-to-person person. I was like this isn't about money
 This is about the ripple effect of what we've created each person's live and like now that's charity
 That's love. That's like now the mission is about money. We don't care about the money
 We keep score with money
 But like that's the mission is the people's lives and the impact and I think that's that transition where it's like greed is the thing
 That gets us moving but if we don't have that I think that's happened in the book
 We talked about like you said some house earlier like a lot of people in the books seem like they have a miserable life
 And it's like yeah because they never yielded
 To the spirit like they never made that shift it was all greed to the point where they let everything collapse as opposed to like
 Yeah, so one of the things about the book and I'm
 I'm sitting on the plane like on the way over here and I'm like
 How do I articulate this because that's always the hardest thing like you have this idea in your head and you're like
 How do I get it out and explain it away that somebody else can be like yes, I understand that but like
 most and I'm gonna go kind of political here for a second. I'm gonna like bring it back to specific to the book so like
 I am
 Pretty vocally a conservative right? I'm a blatant Trump supporter
 very much so conservative when it comes to everything fiscal, but I call myself a libertarian because I actually think that I
 I lean left on a lot of social issues like I am I think the government is down a gay marriage
 Right like I should like there's a lot of things that like I like lean
 Left on but when it comes to like money and like finances and like things like that like I lean to the right
 But like the reason I lean to the right and I typically go with the right is because like I like what the left
 Is trying to do in concept. Yes, right? It's like okay
 There's a bunch of like people that are really truly in need like I agree
 We like we need to help them the problem is is that the way they go about doing it?
 I like so radically disagree with it's like I guess everything I stand for right?
 I'm like it's not that I disagree with what you want to do is I disagree with how you want to do it
 Yeah, what's interesting is I feel like in this book. I feel like it's like the opposite
 I actually don't agree with why they're doing it like this concept of like I mean
 Hank Reardon says it like over over in like everything that I do is for profit
 That is it that is it is not for you even to his friends, right? Like he took a bullet for um
 Uh john goal right like he gets shot and like john gall thanks him for it
 He goes, you know, I only did it because it's what I wanted to do right like literally like say's a guy's life
 It's like it's like it's all about what he wants and only for him
 And that's it and it's like profit and money and dollars is not about everything that he helps and I'm like
 I disagree with that premise like I don't but the
 What that leads to I actually do like and I feel like
 It's flipped
 Compared to like the light the world that like i'm living in now. It's like half the stuff
 But the democrats or I hate to I don't need politics so bad
 But like left and right the left yeah the left guys. We're gonna say left and right generalize here. All right. Oh my god
 But like generally speaking and so when it comes to like the whole the whole greed issue
 I'm like it's interesting to hear your perspective like because I never even throughout the book
 I'm like greed is a bad thing and like you're hearing your perspective and like you know when it says
 I'm like, okay, like I understand what you're saying
 But like what like is it greed or is there something other driving like if I were to ask you
 A year ago, right?
 When were you in like the heart of click fun?
 I was like a year and a half ago to you like there was a time of your life with all you
 I don't know all you do is click fun. I was like well like six years of my life
 But like but you know what I mean like wasn't there like a year or two period in there like in the growth phase
 Where there's like a hundred percent of everything you do is like click on the spot closes felt like you were going nonstop
 It feels like you're a little bit more balanced now. Maybe not but like
 From the outside for starting to look at it does anyway
 Yeah, like during that time like I've grown click fun
 I was before you read that would you have described yourself as greedy? No, what would you have described yourself as?
 What's that word?
 No
 That's a good question like I was always trying to create stuff like his art for me, right?
 So it's like I was trying to create stuff
 Um, I think initially I was creating for myself as opposed to like oh my gosh
 I created this for myself, but look what happens to
 And what the people point was that shift for you though?
 Um
 I think it I mean you can actually if you you can see in my marketing by the way
 And by the way for those who are greedy capitalists who don't care about money
 Like it actually is a better marketing way too
 Like my my marketing went from probably a grid of gapples out there switch to being a contributing more money
 Well, think about like my my marketing was always like here's Russell. Here's how much money my funnel made
 Here's how much that you know it was me talking about me all the time
 And I realized it's like this like who cares about me like I don't care about me like let me show you with this person
 Like let me show you all the results of of of the people we're serving like what's happening there
 Which first off is a better marketing second off. It's like it's that transition
 Transition where I was literally like everything I've accomplished is stupid like what they're doing like that's the real
 Like what we're doing that that's the thing. It's amazing
 Right like that's the spiritual side of it. That's the thing where it's like the
 The thing that got you into motion now is is doing good in the world and like when you start seeing that
 It's like oh my gosh like that that's so much more fulfilling and so much more exciting
 And you know people asked me last six years like why do you keep getting up do you need more money?
 I'm like no like I'm waking up, but I can tell you a hundred stories of people who literally
 Like the ripple effect of like how many lives they've changed because I did my thing
 Right like jama we uh we made a documentary of the two comic club and gave me cross
 Has this whole partner where she's bawling her eyes out and she said where would my family be if Russell
 Wouldn't have have fulfilled his god-given calling and like every time I see I start bawling myself
 Mike like that's why eventually start doing it, right?
 But when did that shift happen?
 I don't know it wasn't like a day that just happened. It just it just um the energy of it shifted, right? It was just it was like
 I don't know it was just it gradually could happen
 What's that?
 Yeah, Dave Dave come on in Dave's got days here. Jay take the mic here. This is honestly
 I think
 This has been one thing it's fun for me to watch Russell from from the sidelines here
 Yeah, I think honestly it was your dad's 60th birthday
 And I don't even know three or four years ago probably
 But it was it was the reflection on that and it was the difference from having your hand raised
 Versus because yeah, maybe you yeah, I'll let you tell the story. He's got so much better storage
 I'll I'll see the thought but I'll let him finish. All right. Thank you. Thank you Dave interesting guys
 We have a live audience here
 So um, you know my dad turned 60 and um we have our little family union every year we do and so it's during his birthday
 And I remember my mom my mom gave him 60 dollars 60 10
 Uh, six 10 dollar bills and so gave him one at times. Okay, the first decade was like one to 10
 Like tell us if you remember about that. He's like, I don't remember anything back then the second one
 He's like 10 to 20. That's when I was a wrestler like, you know, so much fun for me and then 20 to 30
 It was like, okay
 That's when like I was starting my business trying to figure things out and trying to get our family stable
 30 to 40 like that's when my kids were wrestling and I was I was coaching him and then 50 to 60 kind of went through everything
 And then after it was done
 I asked him to say with that of all the decades like what one was the best for you thinking in my world
 Like the best was gonna be like when he was a wrestler because I was like for me the greatest part of my life
 I was like when I was wrestling and my dad said the greatest decades when I got to coach you
 um, and I remember um
 Yeah, I remember I forgot I forgot that story until they've said that but I remember
 um coming back and telling Dave and other people I like um, I was like the the best part was being the all-star
 That my dad the best part was like coaching other people and seeing the good in their day
 Huh, which was which was really cool
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering questions
 Um through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing
 Pull your phone out and actually text me a message. Okay. Now the phone number you need text is
 231-379-7
 Once again, it's 208-231-379-7
 When you text me just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone
 And then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm going to be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
