 What's up everybody welcome back to the mark in the seekers podcast. All right my first question for you
 It's how do you like the first part of the interview with me and Josh about Alice drug?
 Ah, I hope you enjoyed it today. I'm gonna
 Give you guys part two of the five part interview series
 We will pick up after the intro song will pick up where we left off and we'll keep diving into these topics these concepts again
 throughout the interview we talked about
 We talked about religion we talked about politics and we talked about all these things through the lens of the Alice Red book
 So that said cute theme song we come back. We'll go into part two of my interview with Josh 40 about Alice drug
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing sickness
 Because like what I'm trying to figure out this is you know, it's open discussion here, so like I
 am a pretty motivated driven person right like
 Like I would never have just have described what I was doing as greedy right would you have thought that when you're an athlete
 We thought when you know, but what is it?
 Well, yeah, and that's why I asked you the question cuz I don't know the answer for myself
 Like I thought semi cuz I never like it was how I was reading the book instead
 It started the utopia of greed yeah, yeah, and also I started thinking I'm like all these things were doing like we call them growth
 We call them whatever which is awesome, but it is it's a greedy time of your life, right? Yeah
 One of the definition actual definition of greed is yeah, I'm gonna look this up. Let's see definition of greed
 It has a definite negative connotation in our world to intense and selfish desire for something
 Especially money power or food
 Money power or food for me thinking about the lens wrestling when I was wrestling
 I was selfish desire for I wanted to be a state champ and I want to be an all-American
 I want to be a national why because that why I wanted my hand raise it that was all I thought about so I dreamt about like I couldn't
 Like I'm a very obsessive person
 That's why I don't gamble cuz I was like I put a quarter and I win I'm broke
 Gone right and I know that about myself like when I started wrestling and I got my hand raise the first time
 I was like that feels good
 I want to feel that every day for the rest of my life and I just went blinders on and that's all I did
 That was my you know and I was like and again
 I would have thought it was as greedy but by definitions like you can focus on these things like about yourself
 Right things I know I'm in this days in my life
 I'm coaching wrestling coaching my kids and stuff like that and it's like it's different cuz now like there's nothing in it for you
 Right it's ever seen their hand raise and the light and their eyes go off and just like oh like that felt
 Way better than than my own but you don't know that till you're in that phase. Yeah, I did having kids change
 That for you at all like that
 Did it help solidify or give you a different perspective on that shift from
 greedy to I think
 Maybe not so much solidify as much as like I'm experiencing now in multiple parts of my life
 Not just not just the business part right?
 I mean a lot of part you think about like our success stories and our business are our children
 Right the children of ClickFunnels or whatever you want to say you know
 The people that have come off this looks like I think I'm experiencing now with them and it's it's been interesting and fun and
 Yeah, how long take you from this book?
 I think about two months. Oh wow
 You read way faster. I was like dude
 Well, okay, so it's one of those things it's funny because my mom's like have you even read the book
 I'm like what do you mean? You like you made me read it in high school like what?
 And I I went back and I was like oh I didn't actually read like I knew the book and so I assumed I had read it
 And then I realized it was 1200 pages and I was like oh I don't think I don't remember reading it
 Like I feel like I would remember that
 I'm gonna go to you right now because Russell's gonna be talking about it
 And that's exactly what happened
 So it's like oh I'm like we want to do this cool
 And like I like I kind of sat down to have the conversation without reading the book
 Like you know what I mean like because I knew the like I knew the concept of the premise
 And so then I went through it and was like
 Every night two to half me couldn't sleep. I'd get up and like I'm at three o'clock in the morning
 Close the book, you know go back back in there. So
 I want to get kind of interject because it's when you started on that
 I want to make real miss because I think it was
 You started really getting there's someone on a rapid
 Like it's no blue in my head now. Okay. Yeah, you start talking about how you agree on the left side of
 Social helping people but not the the way that they do it. Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So I agree with what they want to do
 I don't agree with how they want to do it. Okay. So this is something that was powerful
 So after I read the book, I was like geek me out and I'm like who is this iron ran
 I want to see so I started searching her and I found an interview
 She did on Donna who Donna Hugh 1980 like three months after her husband passed away
 And it was fascinating to you and if you guys know she she is um, she's atheist
 She's not believing in God all these things like that, right?
 She even like made a statement about how like
 No other reason that she wrote the book was to like to prove that religion was fake and like to
 Like destroy all belief in any form. So once again, I don't super this is this is not the bible for me
 This is just like
 Simulating book that just got my mind spinning
 But one thing she said during the interview that was like so cool because no he's like so based on this
 You believe that we should all be producers and greedy and keeping all our money and we should never we shouldn't help anybody
 She's like no, no, no, that's not what I said. She's like I never said that
 So what I did say is that it should not be the government coming to you with their guns saying give me your 50
 Percent of your taxes. Like that's the that's what's messed up
 Right you think about this like if you give a gift
 Like if someone comes to you and gives you a gun like hey, give your give your uh your friend a gift
 Like are you actually giving them a gift?
 No, you're not and that's like if you don't pay the taxes they put you in jail like that's the thing
 She said should people should go and support people on their own, right?
 This is this comes back to this is the whole thing talking about for like the natural natural man's enemy
 An enemy to god has been you know for fun less yields and ties to the Holy Spirit
 So us yielding saying hey, I have all this money. I should go help other people with this
 That's the that's god saying you should not be greedy use what you've been blessed with and help other people's lives
 Right then coming you with a gun saying pay your taxes. You go to jail is not you giving a gift
 Like it's them taking it from you giving away. So like you're not a better person because you did it right?
 So um and then we came to the whole depth of like this is the government now who's the the worst run organization in the history of all time
 Which only ran on that but that's like you want to trust them with the money, right?
 And so I want to share practical examples so
 Because people like well you wouldn't give money if you didn't you know, whatever
 I'm like here right now. I'm taxed more than 50
 So more than half man come goes to uncle sam right he's doing whatever the crap they do
 He just needs a casual tactics. Yeah shameless plug
 Yeah, anyway, I have no idea actually i'm doing my tax
 Yeah, you know
 That's the tax bracket so um
 But then you look at like like when you yield enticing Holy Spirit
 So there was a time when my friend stream of clarin is like hey
 We're building schools in Kenya and this is mission and we believe in it. Would you help?
 Right, it wasn't greedy rusting almond help and this is gonna be awesome. Yeah, I felt something
 I was like oh my gosh. That is a great cause. Yeah here. Let me how can I support you?
 Right in that process you see here's pictures of
 Stewie and Kenya we've been to Kenya four times now we don't even we built schools like that is a gift versus like
 Give us money so we can go do something with it, right?
 And then a couple years later I heard about operation on a real road and I was like oh my gosh
 I felt the spirit saying this is a good cause you should serve you should do the thing
 Right and I put time and energy and money into the thing
 We raise multiple millions of dollars now to save children from sex slavery, right?
 And not everyone was willing to do that right?
 Like again, there's a second people that will it comes back to your like
 Natural man's enemy god will be falling out and it will be forever like like he will never get off the green boat
 But most people as you start making more more money you'll get anybody look at
 Bill Gates will get Elon Musk and he was making much money. What do they do with the money?
 Eventually start giving it to charity start helping people like all these things because there's that transition point where
 Where you feel that you hear the voice you hear god or everyone I call it
 It's like like you should be serving more and I think I know that if my tax went from 50 percent to 20
 To 10 percent or whatever that thing was I would and could give so much more and everybody could right now
 It's half the money goes to
 Organizations that what's happening with the money. Do we know do we see any ledger of what's happening? No, it's insane even
 uh bill mayor who
 Do you know bill mayor? I know who he is. I don't know. Okay. I mean like stupid
 I mean like super left, right?
 I mean like
 Definitely would not align with our political views or your political or my political views
 But even him is like I have no idea what my tax dollars are going to
 Like I have no idea where my millions of dollars that I pay in every every that's scary that crazy
 It's like only the government. It's crazy. Okay. And then they look like okay like sorry
 This is a plug for oh you aren't Tim Ballard like Tim Ballard. I know
 Does not take a salary his payment for being CEO of operating starting ground road and risking his life day in day out is zero
 Dollars they pay him he funds it himself like all all the money he makes is from his books
 He's speaking other things he does externally to pay for himself because he doesn't want to take money from the organization saving kids
 Or can you say that about any of the governor like no, it's insane. It's anyway, but yeah
 So for me, it's like somebody's gonna mention that trump takes zero dollar salary in there. That's not what we're talking about
 But for me, it's like that's that's my big thing is just like understanding that
 um
 I think that there's there's this blend of left and right like right
 Right. There's like if we're not producing like the fact that I'm willing to wake up every morning and kill myself
 Even though I have more money than I'm ever gonna need
 Has now we have 400 plus people who have full-time jobs here. Excuse me full-time jobs here at click funnels
 There's a hundred and what's the 144 thousand people have active click phones accounts
 Each those people they they've won employees 144 thousand jobs, right? They are two to three
 I mean, it's you're looking at it's probably half a million to a million jobs have been created because of click funnels because we get every day and we're
 You know, we're chasing things. We're producing producing producing right and it's like if you take away incentives of that like
 I'd have to left half my staff. We have which then things and I think starts disappearing really quickly
 We're saying if they took that away, it's like now we can go and how much more good can we do and we did the OUR
 Um, we talked about OUR and show the document if I'm acting live and since then I know four or five dozen people
 We're in our community show though you're documenting their events and made money and it's like this ripple effect
 It's growing growing growing versus the other side where it's just it shrinks and okay. So I want to get
 Non specifically political here though for a second with with kind of with this and like
 I want to say play the devil's advocate. I just want to understand like your thoughts on this
 so the argument on
 the other side if you will, right the the people that are more traditionally like
 Higher tax bracket like, you know, you should be taxed even higher, right? Like we want to take more of your money away because it's this
 basically the thought process is like
 Listen
 You have donated your money to Kenya and to operation underground railroad and like things like that
 But get like guess what there's probably like people here in your own community like in Boise
 Like for example, right or like wherever these entrepreneurs are that like you have millions and millions of dollars
 Like there's people that are homeless or there's people that can't afford medical, you know
 Like medical payments so there's people that are like genuinely need help
 And so like the argument is like, okay
 Like yeah, like you've given some but like you have so much of it like you could do that and be tax higher
 Right like we could take more of your money and like your life wouldn't change it at all
 And we're also like not talking about your business money. We're only talking about profit
 Like we're only gonna take like that part of the way and so like the argument on the other side is is
 If collectively and i'm just gonna make up a number here
 Let's just say there's like 10,000 entrepreneurs like you in America
 There wasn't have millions of dollars or billions of dollars
 I know you don't have billions but like billions of dollars
 We could like take all that money and hypothetically we could solve a lot of these issues, right?
 We could talk tax the top 10 rich people like whatever
 Why doesn't that work like or or a I guess it's a two-part question a are you
 Are you a
 A why doesn't that work and B what is your solution for that if any
 Like what is your perspective like your view like how that would help?
 Yeah, well, I think or can you not help everybody?
 Uh
 This is the fun part politics, right?
 It's tough and I and um all preface this before we dive into the actual question
 But like it's tough because there's good on both sides and there's bad on both sides
 Like that's the hardest thing right and um
 And so that's that's the hard thing is you are in both ways, but um
 You know, it's me is supposed to say me as an entrepreneur because I only know experience in my own self
 Right, but I don't have pain taxes every single year. I know how much goes away
 I know how much I make and it's tough because like um the more like the the less you make for the more you work
 The less incentivize you are to keep working, right? Like my take home was 100 grand a year
 I'd be like well, why am I killing myself right like I could I could work three hours a day and and make that
 So why would I keep doing this stuff right like if there's no if there's no reward then that's it's hard
 Right, it's like what's the purpose of doing any of this stuff, right?
 Um, and it'd be really easy to then shrink back and company strengths employee shrink
 Like everything shrinks because there's no incentive for us to to risk everything right?
 I guess it's a it's a risk reward thing. So that's a big part of it. Like how do you solve it?
 I don't know. I don't think the solutions the government coming with a gun and saying give us half your money
 So we can go solve this problem. I think it's like man
 What what are the things that you're interested in saving?
 What are the things that that touches your heart? What are the things that you're inspired to actually help?
 I mean, it's Kenya for me. It's this for me. There's other things that we give money to that I'll talk about publicly
 Um, but there's things that like like one of the things I care about like let me focus there because everyone's got different different agendas, right?
 Like I had um
 uh matmatics someone who I you know katilimatics father he's super awesome guy came to me and he's like hey my mission is to
 Uh save these kids off the streets and this stuff, you know all these kind of things
 I think that's amazing like can you help me? I'm like like that's not my calling my calling of these things here
 That's your calling dude. I respect it. I support it like I'll help you with money or whatever I can do to help
 But that's your calling like god gave you that like that was the thing that you were given
 Yeah, that's the mantle you're in charge of and everyone's got different mantle
 So like your calling is to be different the mind like like people come in all the time like oh like that charity school
 But I would support this like good. I don't care who you support
 Right everyone's got different callings and they're all good like so I think we should be able to say like
 What's the thing that speaks to our heart and think that we're we're passionate about and that's where we should folks our time and our energy and our money on
 um not
 Again don't come with the gun saying give me a 50 because I think you should go over here like
 That's so what what about the people though?
 that
 Like let's pretend and I have guys I love elan musk. I'm going to use him purely as an example clearly
 I have no idea what he does with his money, but let's pretend right so elan musk makes all his money
 Like what if he wasn't charitable?
 Like should the government or anybody be able to come in and be like yo you have so much money
 Right or zocha burger. You have so much money, right? Like we're gonna
 But you got I don't know he's worth 90 billion dollars. Let's say he has three billion dollars in liquid cash
 I'm just hypotheticals here right like you got three billion dollars like literally sitting here
 We're gonna take that away and we're gonna give you like you can have 500 million of it
 But we're gonna take 2.5 billion and I can give it to people actually need it like do you think that there needs to be some
 um
 overriding
 Wall or power or something that's like yo you can't just hoard
 You got it like you got uh if you have more than enough like you got to go and give it back
 Or do you think that's a personal choice? I think it's a personal choice
 um
 You think about how many how many jobs has he created like he's giving that stuff and this is the reward for the
 That's the risk and reward side of things right and like his three billion let's say like what's his next thing
 Like he's not just gonna sit on it like that's stupid for him for anybody right?
 It's like he's gonna go invest in next thing. It's gonna create more jobs to do more things so they stimulate economy different ways
 Right like he's gonna go and start paypal and they just start tesling they start sending rocketships to the space
 You know he like a producer is gonna produce because they want to produce like it's the art for them
 Right, it's like let them create art because the byproduct of art is jobs
 It is simulation economy all the things happening and so it's like for me like building funnels is my art
 I couldn't care less about the revenue comes from it like but I need the revenue to be able to hire the teams and the people and the
 Things we need to be able to continue to are to pay zuckerberg by the to show my ads on the thing
 You know like all these things are are part of it. So I think yes
 He's sitting on three billion. It's just sitting there
 Um, but producers don't typically do that they're reinvesting they're doing stuff with it
 So creates more I want you to come up with a story on the spot go
 Which you're pretty good at but like I want you to talk about that
 producers
 Produce like I think that might be one of the actually I'm curious to do like I feel like that is one of the most
 Misunderstood thing about the ultra wealthy the people that are like actually not like okay
 I inherited 200 million dollars because I'm a trust one maybe right like
 But like the actual the Elon Musk of the world the Jeff Bezos of the world the Russell Brunson's of the world like
 What ultimately drives you to go keep doing more like you have all of the money and I and I know
 Like I know we talked about like the the like you want to contribute back for it
 But like there's a million different ways you can contribute
 Like why do you do the things that you do?
 Because I like I feel like one of the misnourished things is
 And this is something that like I don't know how to explain it to people that don't know I told
 I told my pounce I was like
 You gotta you should like listen to Russell because I'm like I
 He thinks like I think like that
 You can't if you don't understand me like maybe you could like see it from somebody else and like no that I'm like I'm not
 Not weird. I mean I am but like there's other people like me
 You know what I mean like that like think like this but it's like
 How would you explain to somebody that like
 Like Elon Musk is gonna do what Elon Musk does right? He's Elon Musk right like Zuckerberg like these guys weird
 Right, right like whoever Russell Bronson like you're gonna do what you do because that's who you are
 Like you build things and the result of or like because you need to build things like you need
 Resources and so you're like man if I want to go build a thing for you
 I need $100 million or I need $10 million. I'm just gonna go make that money
 I'm gonna go do it here and like you're basically just like organizing things
 Right, you're either creating or you're organizing like how does that mentality work?
 Like I don't think the average person understands that and I think that's one of the big misconceptions of
 Because this goes back to the greedy thing and the reason I really don't like the word greed is because like
 There is so much misconception about it. Although I will say the definition says that it's probably that but it's like it is a negative word
 I think the connotation is super negative, but it's like
 You don't exclusively do it because you're greedy. It's like you do it because you don't know how to do anything else like it
 You know what I mean? Yeah, it's it's
 I'm sorry. Sorry. Sorry. I'll sharpen
 We can't turn it off and we don't understand why anybody would watch it like that like that. Yeah, that's the thing
 We think about it's creation like why was man put on a service?
 Like where we put on earth to like wake up watch tv can back to bed like no
 Like we have creative powers on our bias how husband and wife get together. We have children like we create like
 Like that's the that's the mission on earth like we're always creating right and it's like
 um
 You know like any of us like
 When you get married and it's like we need to create something we need a house where we're gonna live at and you create things to be able to get a job
 To be able to organize matter to be able to make oh, we have a house that we can move into and and it's just like
 That's the thing. I think that so many people though, um
 I think they become um
 I think the word that the Garrett white uses uses the best
 Sedated where like there's pain and so because the pain they're sedated so they just sit in this this moment of
 Of they don't want the pain right? It's because the pressure was too heavy from one point
 It hurts so bad that they say I have to stop right versus what I talked about like
 Like over the last six years like I got destroyed and increased capacity and destroyed and like and so there's two sets of people
 There's the people that aren't producing they're sedating because they're afraid of the pain they're nervous to paint
 They're trying to hide from pain. I get that like I there's been seasons of my life where I have felt pain
 And I just want to hide and I have right but then there's seasons of your life at least hopefully for most
 And I wish everybody could experience because the the opposite we're in the creations when we're creating and you're doing and it's
 It's it's hard. It's different. It's both of them are hard. They're different hearts right one is there's so much fear
 There's so much like um just trying to get out of the pain and the other one is just like you create to create right like
 Um, you can ask my team like we build a funnel and for me
 It's just like oh look at this thing we created or create a product or an event or whatever
 And it's like the creation of the thing and then sharing it with with people like that's
 Yeah, like I don't know and I think it was the same way like when I was wrestling that was my art at the time
 And it was just like like I didn't want to anything besides wrestling like we went to terms in terms of like what is next term
 What is next term? What's next thing? We're just like we kept doing that doing that like my entire life because that was the art
 At the while and just you want to keep performing what you're doing right and I think that
 Um if you can get out of that sedation that most people live in which I say the majority of humans do
 And I think that's the issue is that like for you and I
 We create
 Like entrepreneurs funnel hackers the free thinkers of the world like they go out there and they create because it's like that's what we do
 Yeah, but like I don't think that's how most of the world operates. Yeah, they do they do initially
 Right, they're born. They have that seed that seed of whatever we call growth
 Greeting whatever right but something happens in life where they get they get
 The pain and then they sedate because easier. I think it's one of the biggest problems and I'm anti drug anti
 Everything that causes sedation right because most of the world I see is especially like an entrepreneurial community where people could be doing so much more
 But instead they're sedating with drugs or alcohol or weed or whatever it is because it's like let me take the pressure off myself
 And I man what a tragedy like you could be producing and changing some people's lives
 It's like I need an outlet and the outlet
 Consonation it takes you out of your ability to produce. I think the majority of people like that's what they do
 Like it drives me crazy. I see all the conversations on Facebook of like, you know, there's there's entrepreneurial events people come together
 And they literally there's there's sessions they talk about what mushrooms they use to like hallucinate
 No, I just drives me nuts
 I'm like you guys are sedating to get out of this pain as opposed to stepping into the pain and creating and changing people's lives
 And so I'm very vocal anti all that kind of stuff
 I think so many people like that's that's where they slip back into one of the greatest
 Blessings of my religion that I believe is like I don't have these tools to sedate that most people use
 Um, and so it's like my outlet is creation, right?
 If my outlet was drinking if my outlet was drugs
 Mallet was these other things like I wouldn't have been able to produce but I don't so my outlet's got to be what what is it like?
 Production let's create something amazing
 And I think that two people let themselves off the hook and just like oh I could create or I'm gonna watch tv
 Or I'm gonna go eat or I'm gonna go like if you're outlet is something that sedates you that's taking you out of your creative zone
 And then most people slip that because it's easier. It's cheaper. It doesn't cause the pain
 Um, you know Garrett white's whole mission wake up boys waking men up for them from that sedate state
 That most of our society is stuck into which is why I relate to him so well because I like I see it
 I see it and people I love that care about just like your sedate if we could break you out of your production
 You can change the world. Yeah, I think it's interesting. So I have a coach
 Who I think did that for me. I mean I don't use Garrett, you know Garrett white which
 That he has an intense man. Oh my word Garrett if you're listening. I would love to talk to you come on the show
 Um, but uh, yeah, I'm always plugging. Hey if I've never ever get a guest elod musk if you're listening, um anyway
 But like I have a coach katie richson, you know katie katie is
 Outside of like my immediate family and like lea obviously like top top three people that change my life
 katie richson russell runs are two of those people that are in that top thing right and so katie is someone that I work with like one-on-one and
 We don't like I don't think I was ever
 Sedated in the sense of like what you're talking about but like the opposite of sedation is like being alive
 Right like like really truly like coming alive and like understanding like who you are
 Like what you are put on this earth here to do
 And so like the thing that I struggled with for the man for the longest time
 Even like from the beginning of days of this entrepreneur is like right and wrong
 Right, I was like I didn't want to do the wrong thing right?
 I didn't want to take anybody off because that was that would be bad right like oh man
 Like you don't want to get into a fight because that's bad
 Right, uh, I don't want to make too much money because that might be bad
 Or I don't want to say the wrong thing because it might be bad right and so I I like lived in this like universe
 Like this black and white like is it right or is it wrong?
 Right like what katie came along and she's like josh like
 There is no right and wrong now. There is in the sense of like there's moral right and wrong and so but like
 I'm not going to go into the that kind of like, you know universal truth
 But like I do believe there's absolute truth
 But like in the sense of like our everyday life
 It's it's not so much as like is it the right thing is the wrong thing
 It's like is like what are you gonna choose to do?
 But like you can only know like what you're gonna choose if like you're alive
 If you're if you know who you are like you know what you're put on this earth to do and that's why it's funny
 Um, you may I think you may know this story
 So my brother dies helicopter crash beginning of 2019
 And I wrecked my whole life. I ended up selling the company sold the business to an investor
 The business partner took over and like lee and i like went off to go off
 And
 Especially this like four month long trip where I was gonna like disconnect and just like figure out life and everything like that and like christmas time
 It's about a week before christmas and we're in the philippines in the middle of absolutely freaking nowhere like in the nearest airport
 Hospital anything is like six hours away like absolute middle of nowhere and lea gets a
 Intestine eating parasite like she gets super super sick like can't sit up can't keep food down
 I'm like oh my gosh. We're in the philippines. No nowhere
 And so like we go to the emergency room and we get there and it's like a car
 Like I mean it's like a ply piece of plywood with two inch foam and there's no there's no doors on the bathroom
 No, crilets eat there's ants crumple. It's like terrible right and so long story short
 We end up having a cut our trip like two months early
 We live like tens of thousands of deposits like getting her home and wherever and like I have no business at this point
 Right we were supposed to be going for two months longer. I was supposed to fly home
 like I was supposed to come to funnel hacking live that was going to be like our coming home, right?
 and
 I find myself in like the basement of my girlfriend's mom's house
 The night before christmas going like what am I doing with my life?
 Right like you know like how did I end up here?
 Right and so I go through the process like okay. I need a coach and
 I you know go through and I interview about different coaches
 I end up like choosing katie and I'm like all right katie like you're gonna solve all my business problems for me
 You're gonna make you're gonna help me you're gonna help me build this million-dollar business and everything like that right?
 And so the very very first call I'll never forget the very first question and she's like all right vent like I know you need to I'm like
 Right like just brain down like vent like 20 30 minutes straight. Like what's the answer? She goes josh who are you?
 I was like
 Really like that's where we were gonna start this whole conversation really?
 I just made you 60 grand. I hear you know, how this is where and then and like looking back now like that and I do have a full circle with this
 uh looking back now
 Figuring out who I was
 Gave me my permission to go do what I was called to do right without the fear of what anybody else thought
 And like I'm not trying to intentionally piss anybody off. I don't want people to actually hate me
 Right, but I'm like I'm so certain in what I'm doing and like knowing who I am that I know that I'm like
 I know I'm a contributor to society like I know that I'm making the world better what I do because
 I believe that everybody like deep down inside it like God has given them talents
 Right and I believe that the thing that whatever it is that you're good at or that you like to do whatever
 Like that's the talent that God gave you and you have a choice and how you're gonna go out and use that
 And I believe that you should use that to serve him
 like the problem is is that I don't think
 I think like an overwhelming majority of the world has no idea
 Who they are or what they're called to be and because of that the people like you or elon or whoever the producers
 Society that like know who they are like what their talents are like what they're called to do and like things like that
 Like it's such it's like a I mean you've seen my my growth right like you've watched me transition from this
 Phrazy you know located like this and it's like that came by learning
 Who I was and like how I was contributing like what I was doing what I was calling him
 I was put here for so when you talk about like sedation
 I feel like that's that's the issue of they're sedated and so they don't even know who they are like they don't even know how to tap into it
 They know how to understand it and because of that they look at something like you they look at something like me and they go
 Well, you're preventing me like you're taking away
 My ability to go do something because like you're taking all the money
 Right like you're taking all the opportunity or like you have a category in the king on the market
 So like I can't go and do it then so like to those people or
 This concept of because you're successful. I can't be successful. Like what is your response to that?
 Like how do you interpret that? Yeah, like how do you make how someone like shift to be like
 Just because I did it doesn't mean you can't yeah
 Um
 It's interesting because like that's it's it's funny because for me it's such a foreign thing to understand that like and I see that
 so many times entrepreneurs where
 um, it's that that like that that mentality of like there's there's not a money or not of
 opportunities or resources whatever and
 You know this I know this like man. They're the bigger problem
 I have is there are so many opportunities every single day this drowning. It's not there's not if opportunities
 There's so many it's like how do you make up then?
 I think when people start understanding that like look look around like learned there are some basic skills right like the original dot-com
 Secret's book I wrote because I'm like if anyone took these principles and looked at any business
 You could apply it and like boom like it just works like it's magic like there's not a business
 On this like adam's I care I can see right out the window right?
 I think doc comes each principles blow that company up overnight
 Right and so like if you have these these tools like you could do anything you could sell like sell phones
 You can sell watches you can sell books you can sell like you can sell podcasts like it's just like
 I think when people start understanding that like
 It's just education they don't understand it. I've had friends before like oh like life's tougher now there's opportunities and just like
 what like
 So many opportunities, but you have to have the skill set that actually
 That it can produce it right?
 I think so you know a big frustration
 Obviously I have I think you have as well as and we talked about school tonight with my kids
 You know, it's just like a lot of things that you were equipped with are like school
 Like the school system doesn't equip you to be able to capitalize on opportunities, right?
 It doesn't unless you're like I wanna be doctor cool. This is the process that you can capitalize me in doctor or being a dentist or whatever that
 That traditional path is to be able to like walk in and like make it rain somewhere
 Like those skillsets aren't taught in school, right?
 And um you think about in any business there's a couple there's a couple personalities, right?
 There's like the entrepreneur who starts it, right?
 Then there's the the managers who are managing the people there's the technicians who are doing the thing
 And there's the rain makers who come in and make money
 And it's like if you learn that skills like how do you become a rainmaker?
 How do you go in and you can plug in any business or any opportunity and you can turn it into money
 Like then every every door you walk past there's opportunity. There's infinite every human you see there's opportunity, right?
 You just people have to learn how to like take the the talent and learn how to market the talent, right?
 Because god gives us all everything some people like kalim polan god gave
 Her a gift to be able to help women lose weight, right?
 But it wasn't necessarily how to market that that it was actually now now the opportunities usually about i don't know 100
 Employees in their company millions of women they've served across the world
 It was like taking your god gift and god given talent learning how to make it rain plug those two things together now
 unlimited opportunities and so I think a lot of times it's like
 We're given and that's why I think like why I'm so loud about my mission
 Why I share so much because like and I believe that god's given everybody calling right it says in scriptures many are called but fewer chosen like everybody's called
 Everybody gets a calling every gets that tap on the shoulder everyone gets the opportunity
 It doesn't matter where you're born where everyone gets the opportunity
 You're called most people don't do it or they don't know how to do it because they have this talent this hobby this thing
 It's like and then what happens gese the date they hide or they they search if you search you find the answer and then it's like
 Oh my gosh like now I can I can take this thing and change the world
 Do you but like do you think?
 I think everybody has that talent though like do you I obviously there's only one russell brand but like
 I have I have discussions with my mom a lot right like I have a great relation with my mom
 And my mom always tells me she's like josh now everybody's you
 And like not every thing's like you now everybody has to drive like you not even having confidence like you know I mean has it
 I'm like
 But you don't have to like like you could like you can do the same things just like in your own way, right?
 but like
 and everyone's got a different like um
 Uh view of success too, right like when my first mentor has taught me that like when I launched my first mastermind group
 People me sides like your mastermind groups gonna fail if you try to put your version of success on all those people
 And I was like what do you mean?
 He's like he's like it's funny because he was in the room. He's like I can't say names because he has to know something
 He's like he's like you say I got right here. You know why he's in the room?
 I'm like why is like he wants to hear himself talk. That's why he's here
 And if I try to like force him to something he's talking to that guy there
 He's here because he wants to hang out with a group and get networked people and he's like you you're here
 Because you must deliver his ideas, right?
 So if you try to launch a match man like your goal is to build a hundred million dollar company
 You try to put that your values on the people you're gonna make them all fail
 And and and that was like this big a half means like everyone's got a different vision success
 So maybe your brother or someone or sister or like a family member may not think like think like you're a bi human
 Doesn't matter. He doesn't mean they have to change a million people's lives to change the world
 Like it could be their mom and they could be the best mom in the world
 And they change their kids life like that's a calling and that's what I want and that's what I want you to touch on
 Like I want you to expand upon that because I feel like
 Man, I hear so many arguments. I'm trying to figure out like which one is best here
 It's like but like josh, we need the plumbers of the world
 Yeah, right like we need the people that'll come in and back in the carpet
 Like we need the people that'll just do the mediocre tasks
 And that that are like are not important and that I'll just kind of do those in and out and in and out and like
 Yeah, that like like
 Because like I feel like how I say this
 I believe that
 A majority of the people in this world are not living up to there's your potential
 Right like an over massive amount of like overwhelming majority are anyone is be honest. I don't think I am
 Right, you know, I mean like I don't think so. Yes, but yeah, but
 You're living far more
 More potential like the average person is right and
 How I look at it is I go like hey listen like not everybody can do it you do or what I do or like whatever but like
 Okay, how do I bring this around makes it more clear?
 I'm going to use it from political aspect of things because I think that's something that we can all understand
 Hey poor people
 Victim mentality people that's a that's a controversial
 But like they're different people or like poor people like things that like they don't think like that or maybe they didn't have as good as schooling or like maybe they
 Didn't have as good of like education like whatever like
 They don't have the same understanding that like you do right so like shouldn't we
 Should we helps them see that like they can go and achieve more or like
 Should they like is their version of success? What am I trying to ask?
 The answer is yes, we should and that's what we're doing right
 I heard some of the before that like we'll rustle you have a 50,000 or 100,000 our mastermind group like I can't afford that's not fair
 I'm like yeah, but like I also do a podcast two to three times a week every sometime every single week five six years
 I've written three books you can get for 10 bucks or you can get them for free or you know like
 There's levels of it right and so like the thing is like there's there's value everywhere
 And if you pick it up it increases, you know, like you can you actually apply it like I'm a big believer that God gives all of us
 Stewardship over things right I could give you an idea give me an idea give anybody an idea or or
 Desire like here's some desire for you look at these kids who are struggling
 But they get desire to play basketball and then they become the Michael Jordan's or whoever like the people right because God gives them desire
 Or they get my ideas or talents like I'm a big believer like in in my business life
 As I've been doing this journey now for 18 plus years is that um I got ideas and a lot of ideas
 I didn't do anything with right but some of them I took I got the idea and look like and I'm not
 I'm not naive enough to think like oh, I came with this great idea like
 These are blessings from God right like he's like here's an idea
 Let's see if you're gonna be a good steward with it
 I get the idea and if I do something with these like oh my gosh Russell's a good steward of ideas
 Let me give you another idea and if I don't do some with these like all right, let me get somebody else
 Right like like all this is happening. They would have happened with our seagood somebody would have taken it
 But I was a good steward of the thing and so I got blessed with another one and another one and another one
 And I think that's a big part of it. I think if people like I don't think that God
 I mean, I do think that he puts us all in different spots to start with okay
 That's a hundred percent in concept giving us ideas or I or desire things like that
 And these watching you're gonna be a steward with it if you are
 I'll give you more if you are I'm gonna be worse
 But people can go from the worst of the worst and become the best in the world
 People can start the best world and be horrible because what do you do with the things you're getting stewardship over?
 So so what you're saying here, which is actually fascinating concept
 Is that like I'm gonna use the idea for click funnels for example like the idea for click funnels is wasn't yours per se, right?
 You know people are trying to build a funnel software when we build click funnels
 I'm sure a lot all my friends were everybody was
 so you have this idea
 that
 Is essentially open for anybody like anybody could go and take advantage of this idea
 You just got you're saying like God put this idea in your head and you probably put this idea in
 100 people's heads or 500 you have 10,000 people's heads or whatever
 But you're like but I was the one that answered the calling to be like, okay
 I'm actually gonna take this idea and do something with it
 And so because of that
 It's not that you took it away from anybody else like anybody could have done
 You're the one that actually went out and just chose to go out and do it in brain to reality
 100 percent, okay
 There was a I was somebody shares me and I haven't read the book
 There's a book that tells the story of it as an author who like had an idea for books that now started writing it
 And someone's gonna know it. I it's a famous book people would know this and here someone on the chat knows it
 Somebody comment below when you hear it what it is
 Right the book and then stops like how runs on time forgets about it and then like
 Six years later this new book comes out comes to my best one book buys the book such reans like this is the book that I was supposed to write
 It was like, oh my gosh. I didn't I didn't take stewardship that idea. I stopped and so God gives somebody else
 It's like it's the same book, right? It's just it's just I didn't I didn't finish it
 And so I harm simply then I think it could be an idea could be desired could be a million a million things
 We all have these different gifts of the spirit right they're given to us and they sit back and watch the school
 You're gonna do with it. Hmm. I feel like that
 I feel like that could give a lot of people permission to go out and do stuff too right there
 Like that that viewpoint because like one of the things that I struggled with early on which to a certain extent
 I think I still struggle with a little bit not nearly what I used to is like
 Like why like why me like not not in a bad way of like, oh man
 Why I like but why do I get these cool opportunities?
 Like you know what I mean? Like I live a pretty great life
 Like you know what I'm saying and I'm like what
 Why do I get to have this conversation not somebody else like why am I the first person
 I sit down with Russell brothers and talk anything related to politics ever right like but it's like
 that concept of simply because I chose to go do it like I chose to be the person that was capable of
 Like having this conversation right and be like it became that person
 I think that because of that like what you just said right there is like gives
 To get people permission like you're not taking away from anybody else and like you're not inherent
 Like you're not inherently special. I mean you are in your own way, but like you're not
 It wasn't you're not the only person that could have built clip on it. I'm shocking the average
 Yes, my wife asked my parents like Russell is shockingly average
 And you're actually super awkward to meet for the first time
 You know the first time I made you remember the first time I think I actually told you this the first time I met you
 I met you okay the first time I met you is at um grant card owns
 Uh, ten eggs broke on the very first one. All right, so this is that okay at the at the time
 Grant had hired our team to do like Instagram stuff
 And this was like super sort of around I was like dad broke
 I couldn't afford to go to that conference like if I wanted to but because we were doing the Instagram stuff
 Like he gave us like tickets and we saw you like it off stage
 And we're like dude, I bet you're like run right now
 We could like meet Russell and so like we've run down there and shirt up there
 You are like coming out. I like I walk up to him like Russell. Oh my gosh like huge fan, but you're like
 Thanks
 And we're like oh, okay. We're like can we get a picture? You're like
 Um
 Yeah, I guess and so like I go and like normally like when you go and like take picture like you put your arm around him
 Things like that like you just
 Literally stood there, right?
 I'm like just like I like I like okay. I guess we're not doing that
 And so there's like this picture of me in like I got this picture. I'll find it. I'll find it
 I'll box it to you. It's like we're sitting there. I'm like
 I mean, this is so guys Russell is shocking me ever. It's actually average apparently
 Like back to the conversation. I remember like what I'm trying to ask
 So like
 That's the very first time I met you. I was like, oh man. I can be a millionaire too
 Because before before you I swear like
 When I got started this whole business it was me and then I hired two my buddies come work for me
 Because like they were only people that care I was talking about
 Yeah, and we're all working on this business and remember one of my buddies pull me side one day
 So do you know the difference between me?
 Between us two and you I said the only difference is you're in momentum
 You're moving forward so these opportunities keep coming to you because you're moving moving moving moving
 He's like we're sitting back here doing the thing
 There's no opportunities to come just because we're not moving
 I think we need to understand when you're moving in forward like like people like oh, you're looking you came with click fun
 Like do you know how many funnels I launched before click funnels?
 Over 150 it's not 150 like add
 You know create funnel and click funnels like oh, that's a funnel
 It was me coming with an idea hiring a designer writing a sales letter putting the product together
 Putting the pages in front page uploading through ftp
 Getting a shopping cart connecting them 150 times took us three months on average to each one
 Okay 150 times before we came up with click funnels like like I was just moving forward over and over and over and over and over
 You know everyone else is sitting now waiting like motion is the key. Yeah the opportunities come
 This is not talking about being a good steward like god gave me an idea for zip-render
 Do you remember zip-render?
 No one does that was the first idea and I was like oh my gosh zip-render
 And when I found a guy in Romania I paid him 20 bucks to build a software
 I created I got a thing a header designed in a headline and a good thing and I launched it and it made like 400 bucks
 And then next idea was like this thing called article spider. You remember the article spider?
 No one does
 I paid someone that a couple of bucks that did that I launched I made 1700 bucks
 I was like oh my gosh four and fortunes number three and then the next and the next and I can show you guys
 I did this I wrote them all that I went back the way back machine I found all of them
 Thing after thing after thing after thing I did after I did took like the ideas pop in there
 I execute I'm try and try and each one got better and better and better and better and eventually
 God's like all right. You're capable like you're a good steward. Here's a look fun
 Let's go with it. If you were to give me that initially
 I don't know what to do. It's the momentum
 It's the motion that makes you worthy of the calling and if you're not in momentum
 For not moving forward you're never gonna get the call and you're called but fewer chosen
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing
 Pull your phone out and actually text me a message. Okay now the phone number you text is 208
 231-379-7
 Once again, it's 208-231-379-7
 When you text me just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone
 And then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 I'll let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 Just want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
