 Hey, what's up my friends? I hope you guys are other than awesome. This is Russell Brunson. I'm gonna walk you guys back to the Mark K.
 Seeker's podcast
 Today I want to talk about the webinar I did last night and some cool insights and cool stuff and I hope you enjoy
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right guys, I couldn't actually
 gain my blood drawn
 I have some really cool doctors doing custom supplements for me. I've got a doctor's doing all these other tests on me just to
 Optimize and I don't know if people sometimes we can sick lately just making me all nervous
 I'm trying to like figure out all the things about myself
 so going into like Russell hardcore biohacking mode and like
 looking my blood and testing it in every quarter we're going back and doing stuff and
 Rebuilding custom supplements and everything based on that and anyway, it was good
 Actually, I had two different doctors testing my blood today. So they pulled out like almost a pint of blood
 the
 Flabodum is like this is a lot of blood like well, yeah
 but anyway, it's kind of fun so it's fun seeing inside yourself and find out what's happening and
 Nothing we have nothing bad happening. I either of us, but we're just doing it to you know to optimize and find out all the different things
 So anyway kind of fun
 Yes, all good about hacking is really fun. Well the poking yourself with needles not fun
 It's looking blood out, but be able to see what's happening inside. He's really interesting
 I used to back in the day I would go and I would shotgun you know
 40 50 different supplements a day not really knowing what I needed not needed now
 It's really cool because we're able to just take the things that actually need and things are optimizing this and anyway, it's pretty cool
 So
 All right today when we're talking about
 So yesterday I did a webinar. It's the first webinar like new webinar I've done in years
 He has no I've done the funnel hacks webinar a bajillion times and
 Every year so we kind of relaunch and I do it again. So we you know like I I dusted off the slides clean them up and then relaunch it again
 But this time like we wanted it we had a new idea we had new offer wanted great
 I think the last time we came out with a new offer was to comic club X which was at the Orlando
 finicking live which was
 2018 so 2018 so four years that had a new
 like high ticket offer and so we decided we wanted to relaunch our certification program and
 so
 went out there and decided to write a new webinar pitch and promote it and it's crazy we ended up with
 Almost 16,000 people registered for the webinar which was awesome, which was really cool
 We didn't have a like I think 4500 people were on live on zoom and another five or six hundred
 They're on social watching so almost 5,000 people watched it and it ended up going for almost four hours
 But man, it was so it was so fun like I just miss it and it's funny by the time it was done
 Like I was shot and I didn't different this time a couple things were you know
 We're always tested and tweaking stuff and so if you watch the presentation which I highly recommend you as all watching it
 maybe I'll maybe I'll put it as a
 An actual podcast episode so you can hear because a lot of like really good things bag I taught it it
 It'd be helpful
 But also just it's the first time I've read on a perfect webinar a long time so I had a chance to go back and tweak some things and change
 and things and
 Make it even more perfect or which was fun
 But as I was doing the this the presentation and I spent probably good week or so
 At least like in the slides and strategizing and mapping it out and just you know doing all the stuff to try to make a really good presentation
 But as in the middle of it I had this epiphany I had this like aha and it was interesting because
 You know I was one like why am I spending so much time on this one presentation like and
 It's interesting because I
 Was thinking about like the movie industry right like people going to make movies
 Excuse me and obviously the big movie is going to make a billion dollars
 you know in the small movies will make a couple million dollars and
 It's you know
 They go and they spend all the time like writing scripts and hiring actors and filming the thing and the editing and then the promotion and all this stuff
 right and I don't know how much most movies make I don't know what the average is but
 You know this was like the equivalent of producing a movie if you think about it
 And the reason why I was okay and find for me to dedicate the time like you think about it
 You know last night was opening it was the opening premiere night and we did just shy of a million dollars
 It whoa a bird just almost hit me in my car
 Sorry, yes, we're live yes, I'm driving while I'm recording this I'm safe though. I promise
 Anyway, I was interesting because
 Yeah, we did just just under a million dollars in sales
 It hasn't been 24 hours yet. So by 24 hour mark will pass that which is cool
 But like you can't movies like opening premiere night, right?
 They open up and they go in the box office
 They did X amount you know 10 million dollars themselves opening night or whatever and then and then they roll out for the
 You know the opening week
 Which is where the most money comes at and then from there
 You know they're running for a couple more months in the regular theaters and it goes to like the dollar theaters
 Then it goes to the Netflix and DVD. Well, at least do be DVD you stand up in blockbuster now
 It's like it's on Netflix or red box or you know
 But they're making money that their whole thing and and they put not much money in a movie because they do it correctly
 You know over the next 12 months or so it could make who knows?
 You know big movies billions dollars normal movies
 You know five 10 million bucks or something that might make on a on an okay film, right?
 And I was thinking I'm like
 Conceptually like this webinar that I did and we peruse all time and effort into a plus the product on the back end
 Which is a brand new certification program? They're really proud of
 You know that I mean it couldn't it should be like I don't know the 10 15 20 million dollar your business now
 That's done and it took you know obviously there's the product side in the business side
 We had to set up a all structured but then there's like the the marketing
 You know it's a good week of hard effort on my side to create the slides the presentation
 But it was like making a movie right and that movie will pay me now every single year for you know this year
 And hopefully every year for next who knows how long which is kind of cool
 So it's like the equivalent of making a movie. I've seen about that right now
 This is such a cool thing like that's the art that we get to be part of that we get it do and we get it create right like
 I'm not you know
 I'm not making movies, but I'm making these things that also produce cash the presentation
 It's a you know my my thing was longer than a movie. It was almost four hours long
 I think my presentation is almost two hours
 And then I had a whole bunch of funnel builders come on and tell their stories
 Which was so cool make sure their story never had different angle what how they did it why they didn't and what their life looks like now
 Because they did it they're even going for almost four hours
 Oh some of the things we did that were like some of the tweaks and the the changes
 Instead of just like doing the webinar I was trying to like I had a camera on me
 So I was looking at the weather so looking at the audience while I was going through the slides
 Which was fun, but also like more exhausting because normally I'm doing a webinar
 No one's looking at your face and so you can just be normal and like
 I have different video clips
 I've played in my presentations I'd sneak out and get a drink of water or take a break or this one
 There was like everyone's watching me the entire time. There was no sneaking away
 Like I had to be on for four hours, so that like made it twice as tiring. I was so worn out from it
 But it was really really cool
 I'm not gonna lie like as proud as I am of the presentation like there's stuff
 I didn't get that in time
 Two of my friends that are in the the category Kings Mastermind Joe and Eileen
 George Aladdin Eileen Wilder who are both speaking a fun-looking live this year by the way you need to come here and speak
 They're some of the best stage presenters I've ever seen and at the last category Kings work
 Event they shared this framework how they do their presentations in fact you'll notice
 I was trying to weave it into everything the whole presentation by ran out of time
 But I brought some things from I learned from them and we've been in that were so powerful and so cool
 In fact that people tell me like man you you you added stuff the perfect webinar this time
 I was like yes
 These are all things that are from Joe and I lean that we've been to it that we're so cool
 Like I said if I do this presentation again live
 If I spend another you know two or three days off time enough time to get it all polish and add some of the elements in that
 I learned from them
 But just the structure how you tell stories and how you weave people into those stories and how you how you bring like
 they like the bad guy the other person into it and and
 Like so many cool things. Anyway, I challenge you to watch that webinar. I'm not sure when this podcast will go live
 But again, maybe I'll I'll post it as an episode here inside the podcast
 I'm kind of fun. You can just listen to it if not. I'm sure on the email list you get emails promoting it
 But it's for the new fun of builder program. So worst case will be a fun of builder.com eventually
 So maybe you want to go search for it go watch it you can see it there
 It was also fun because you know
 we're talking about this concept which is you know how you make money as a fun of builder and not building funnels for yourself but for other people and
 And obviously, you know
 We try to be as compliant as possible and it's like how do we do an entire four-hour presentation?
 not giving income claims talking about how much money somebody can make anything like you know
 I'm very
 aware of the rules that the FTC and the government has and try to be very respectful those and and
 Be as careful as possible and everything and so it was fun because like, you know, everyone's like wanting to share like
 How much money they you know how much they ever wants to share their side of like they want people like to get it
 And like I told all the the case, you know
 The fun of builder's key on us case is like you can't talk about your money
 Maybe like you can't share like but the people people understood like that we did this and this and this and this
 I know I know but like the FTC does not want us talking to income claims or sharing
 Financial numbers of stats or things like that and so it was funny because just watching them also try in the testimonial section to like
 You know to tell this story and and like yeah, like I wish I could explain you guys how amazing this is but just trust me
 It's so good like I know some of their stories their numbers. It's like oh, it's so so interesting, but
 Anyway, I had a good time this fun. So tell me as this for couple reason number one
 Think about that as as the way you're doing stuff like you're writing a movie like you're producing a movie
 You're doing editing like look at what you're creating as that right?
 You got to get the product the marketing the promotional kind of stuff and if you do a movie right man
 Imagine making a million or 10 million or I don't know again. I'm making income claims
 But just imagine like that's the equivalent of Hollywood movie right you see when the movie comes out and see what they made on
 Opening night and box office sales during the weekend stuff like that like same thing can happen for you and your webinar
 So spend the time going right a webinar if you have yet
 Go to perfect webinar secrets calm pay seven bucks get the perfect webinar script the same one that I use for this webinar
 Study it master it learning understand it. I'm also read the experts secrets book. I go deep into the psychology of the script there
 But yeah, like that's the that's the game you guys and it's it's such a fun game. We get to play it
 So I hope you guys enjoy this. I'm gonna hit the office to look at the aftermath of the webinar today
 We're gonna plan out the follow up sequences and replays and how it's gonna work in all the rest of the campaign because my goal is to
 triple as what we've done from the from the live webinar to
 Tell the close cars. So you got to go execute that now
 Which is the next part right we execute the product of execute the fulfillment of the product they execute the
 Promotion of the webinar that we execute the actual webinar then we execute the campaigns that follow up the webinar to increase the close rate and sales
 And then we'll go execute the fulfillment to make sure people have the most amazing experience of all time
 And that's the game we're in they have fun. This is such a cool
 I don't know such a cool business as cool industry if my voice sounds weird my voice is toy shot if you can probably hear it
 This is raspy Russell. No, this is Russell. We spoke for four hours straight yesterday yelling atop his lungs. He's throw in voices
 Is punishing him today? Oh man so much fun. All right. Thanks guys for listening. I appreciate you all go write your webinars
 Now's the time write your movie back. He's funny in the webinar. I told the story about
 I think with John Lennon told Paul McCartney. I said we should go write ourselves a swimming pool
 Which the story guy that is like they wanted swimming pools instead of going paid for like oh
 It's go right it's right ourselves a swimming pool. It's right ourselves a song that makes us the money to pay for swimming pool and
 Yeah, for you guys go write your swimming pool great webinar go right here
 What is you looking for your swimming pool your house your vacation go write it right that webinar and have it paid for itself?
 I think she has to listen appreciate you and we will talk soon. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me
 And let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you also Dan Kenny
 And I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost twenty thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter calm
 Not only you're gonna get the twenty thousand dollar gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me to get this gift
 And your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
