 What's up everybody, it's Russell.
 Welcome back to the Marking Secrets Podcast.
 All right, I hope you guys enjoyed the first three.
 We are moving into the fourth episode of our interview.
 My interview with Josh Forti talking about Atlas Shrugged.
 Again, during this series we've been talking about
 religion and politics and all the things
 you're not supposed to talk about.
 Moving on all through the lens of Atlas Shrugged,
 which I hope you've enjoyed and have a lot of fun with.
 And hopefully it's made you want to go
 and actually read the Atlas Shrugged book,
 which I think would be really, really cool.
 So with that said, keep theme song,
 come back, give a chance to start listening to part four
 of my interview with Josh Forti.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marking Secrets.
 (upbeat music)
 So how did your parents,
 like what did your parents do right for you?
 Like what are the things?
 'Cause like one of the things that I try to say,
 I try to say it a lot, but I don't even say it enough.
 Like my parents have played a absolutely tremendous,
 like I owe so much of who I am today.
 Like my parents indirectly in a lot of ways.
 Like my parents didn't teach me like about like money
 or like things like that.
 Like that wasn't their gift,
 but like the presence of hard work
 and like family values like biting your tongue
 even though it doesn't seem like I bought my tongue.
 Oh my gosh, every day, right?
 Like, you know, not like,
 - If you were scared, like it could be a way worse.
 And like some people would love that,
 but like de-escalating situations and like having like,
 I owe so much of who I am to those.
 And like yeah, they messed up in a lot of ways.
 And like you said, like, so what were some of the ways,
 like what were some of the things that your parents can write?
 Like what are the things that you remember for your parents?
 - Yeah.
 I love my parents.
 I was very blessed with my parents for sure.
 You know, my dad,
 I don't think my dad was super engaged when we were younger
 because he was in the phase of wearing that,
 trying to figure things out and make money.
 And like, it was different by themselves.
 - If he was not a winner.
 - Yeah.
 But he also had a job, but he did side business.
 So he was always trying to figure things out.
 And I saw him doing these things.
 I saw like the job he didn't love.
 And then I saw like him doing stuff he did love.
 And I watched him work really hard.
 And then when I started wrestling,
 I saw my dad like that came the thing
 that me to connect to it, which like meant the world to me.
 And it was so important to him.
 And it was cool that my dad showed up to every wrestling
 practice, he came to every single match.
 You know, he basically he built up his,
 he worked his day job as a state farm insurance.
 He built up his book of business where by the time I was
 wrestling, he was able to take off as much as he wanted
 and it ran itself, he was making money
 and had a residual income.
 I remember like, my dad was the only one.
 Like as soon as the rest of us got done,
 my dad would walk in and we'd do him to do a practice afterwards.
 Like never miss a match.
 Never miss a, he was always there.
 I remember just thinking like,
 I want to make sure I have a business or something
 so that I can either like, like my dad was for me.
 That was so important to me.
 And I said, he wasn't super around when we were younger.
 I think he struggled with us as younger kids,
 which I understand that I would like that phase in my life.
 Like he was there and my best friend and it was just,
 it was awesome.
 I love that.
 And I've been trying to ask my kids now.
 And so she times where maybe I wasn't as good of a dad,
 I was too busy.
 I'm trying like now in other parts,
 I'll try to connect more.
 That was my dad for sure.
 And then my mom,
 my mom is,
 for me she was just like,
 I think,
 I wouldn't say I'm a people pleaser,
 but I'm very much like a cheaper, right?
 Like, I think when I started wrestling
 and I saw my dad got closer to me
 and then I would win, I saw him get excited.
 Like, I wanted to win
 'cause I wanted to press my dad to this day.
 I think I still have that where like,
 part of the reason I'm in this business,
 I'm doing stuff, it's like love.
 When my dad sees it and just like,
 you know, like there's something like a love
 like pressing into this day.
 Like that's just like, I love that win.
 But my mom, it was like, she loved me,
 even when I didn't win.
 That was something that was so like foreign to me.
 I remember like, I'd be cutting weight for wrestling.
 I'd eaten three days.
 I'd be so tired, so miserable.
 And she's like, she'd come down to sneak in my room,
 like, bringing me from my mom,
 I can't eat, I'm not gonna make weight.
 She's like, why do you just quit that?
 You don't need to do this.
 And she's trying to get like,
 and she's like the opposite of my dad.
 And she loved me no matter what.
 And I didn't care that I was trying to win
 or succeed or didn't, couldn't care less.
 Like, she just wanted me to be, you know, she loved me,
 like just 'cause I was me.
 And like, that was weird.
 But so cool as well.
 And saying both those principles,
 like it's something I've tried to weave in, you know,
 I got two different sides of trying to weave that
 into my kids.
 And again, so far from perfect.
 But I think those are two things that meant the world
 to me that I'm super grateful for them, you know,
 having, they doing those things for me
 'cause I still remember those things now.
 - So there is, which, by the way, that's awesome.
 There's a lot of people in this world
 that are growing up without dad, without a mom.
 And like, it's interesting because like,
 I think a lot of my social media posts, like,
 I kind of come across sometimes like that heartless a-hole.
 Like, you know what I mean?
 Like, Josh, like, you know what I mean?
 Like, you talk about like,
 type of responsibility for your life.
 Every can do anything is like, if you're broke
 is your fault, like that's one of my favorite things.
 Like if you're broke in America is your fault, right?
 Like, it's like, Josh, like you don't understand,
 like you grew up and your parents are like still married.
 Like, you know, like not only do you have parents,
 but they're still together.
 And I still like, actually love each other.
 It's not even that still together.
 Like, it's like, you're like a percentage
 of the percentage of the percentage in a lot of ways.
 So like, what, I don't even know a question I'm asking you,
 but like, what would you do?
 Like, where could somebody find that?
 And like, how can, what can we do as a society
 or as entrepreneurs, as like, as producers
 to like help those people?
 'Cause I feel like that's a really big need.
 And like, it's one of those things where I'm like,
 one of my big struggles with this is I always want
 to point back to the church.
 I don't really awaken and come to Jesus moment
 back when I posted this probably a month ago or so.
 And I post on Instagram actually.
 And I think you liked it actually.
 So I know you saw it and I said, defund, yeah.
 Defund the media, defund fear,
 defund career politicians,
 fund orphanages, churches and schools, right?
 And like I post it on Facebook, I post it on Instagram.
 And I was shocked at how many people were like,
 "Dude, fund the churches."
 They're just like, there are a bunch of pedophile people
 there too.
 There are, you know, like so many people
 had like such this negative view of the church.
 And like, I grew up in the church.
 Like that's what I knew.
 Like how I knew how family works is 'cause like I saw
 our own family and then I saw the church family
 and I saw the community and like how the church was involved
 in the community.
 And like the church that I went to like after I moved out
 like, Grable, Indiana, like I worked three doors down
 for that and like they were,
 that's where people went to vote was in their gym
 and the fair, like that's where people parked.
 Like the church was like such this integral, integral part
 that word part of the community, right?
 And so like when I saw all these people
 that had this negative view of the church,
 like that broke my heart because I'm like,
 that was my solution.
 Like there are like so many things.
 Like if you don't have a dad, like you go to the church.
 Like if you don't have this like you go to the church.
 It's like what?
 And if that's your answer, like that's cool.
 But like how can we as producers of society
 and the people that are going out there
 and like making the money, how can we help those
 that don't have what you and I had?
 - It's interesting because what Mormons believe
 is the family is the central everything.
 That's God's plan is husband and wife starts a family.
 That's like an eternal principle, right?
 And so you would get like the adversary, Satan,
 whatever you want to call him.
 Like his job, like if he can destroy the family,
 like everything that's falls apart.
 Like that's the war we're in right now.
 Like we think we're in a lot of different wars.
 The war we're in is Satan is attacking families.
 That's it.
 - Okay, wish I want you to finish this.
 I have to say this though.
 Guys, and this is not Russell saying this is me.
 This is why I hate the Black Lives Matter organization,
 not movement, the organization so much
 because their whole principle is breaking
 about the traditional family values.
 Anyway, I know that's not your, I'm not speaking for Russell.
 Just.
 - But yeah, if you Google family,
 the proclamation to the world,
 you'll see my beliefs on family.
 That we have printed out eight foot on my wall in my house.
 Like that's my belief.
 Family is the central everything.
 And so Satan is the way he destroys societies
 and nations and this world is to destroy the family.
 And so when you see families are broken,
 they're single mothers and single fathers.
 Like it's heartbreaking.
 Like it's the saddest thing in the world.
 And I don't know the right way to solve it.
 I do know that it's vitally important.
 Like I remember first time I met Tony Robbins
 and started learning from him.
 Like one of the principles he talked about in relationships
 is masculine and feminine energy.
 Like the masculine and feminine is key to like a relationship.
 Like I could go off like four hours
 just on masculine and feminine.
 Like I, that's like the most fascinating topic in the world.
 But if you ever couldn't see how Tony fixes relationships,
 like you look at traditionally if you're a traditional counseling,
 they're like, there's a problem, right?
 Like what's the symptom of the problem?
 They try to solve the symptom of the problem.
 And like, the counseling takes years
 because it's a symptom of the problem.
 It's like, like all the issues are all,
 they're all symptoms of promising.
 The real problem is like when there's a masculine and a feminine
 and doesn't matter again, this is true with gay, straight,
 doesn't matter like feminine, masculine energy, right?
 Take a masculine, feminine and that polar opposite,
 that's the magnets that magnetize together, right?
 That's what it creates traction, passion and everything.
 It happens if a masculine and feminine
 are attracted together, right?
 That's how you start, that's how any relationship starts, right?
 And then you look at people get married
 and it's interesting because what Tony talked about is
 that you look at typically in a relationship
 there's like what they call a seven year itch
 and why is that?
 And he talks about, is the feminine,
 the way the feminine causes change is,
 how much I could, somebody want to write a book on this.
 I just don't know, I don't know perfectly enough to
 take responsibility to become a writer.
 - But can say, yeah, in my word, I got a lot of books to write.
 But so this is how it works in traditional marriage, right?
 So masculine and feminine, what happens is
 one of the ways that feminine causes change
 is they criticize, right?
 Like if I see this with my wife with friends, with girls,
 like they want their friend to change their hair,
 they don't say, hey, you should get haircut.
 They're like, they'll criticize to try cause change, right?
 So what happens is that a feminine--
 - Yo, wow, that's so true.
 (laughing)
 - This is, this is--
 - This is interesting, sir.
 - Yeah.
 - That's just one example of feminine energy.
 There's a million--
 - Right, right, right.
 - But like, so feminine, masculine come together.
 So like, this is an example.
 It's like, those are criticizing the man,
 but masculine man doesn't care.
 Like it bounces off the mic, okay, okay, right?
 What happens after seven years of that happening,
 eventually, instead of balancing off you,
 which is the masculine response,
 you start taking a personal like,
 oh, as soon as you take a personal guess what happens,
 you are shifting physically from your masculine
 to a feminine.
 You start shifting and what happens,
 you shift from masculine to feminine,
 and boom, the attraction breaks.
 It starts falling apart.
 And then all the other problems start happening.
 So the problem is the solving,
 the fact that you leave the toilet seat up,
 but that you don't communicate well
 that the problem is that the masculine feminine
 attraction is broken.
 And if you fix masculine feminine,
 you can make men become men and women become women,
 the attraction comes back
 and all the other symptoms disappear.
 It's fascinating.
 And so that's some of a marriage family
 like relationship standpoint.
 - Okay, can I--
 - Yes, I wanna protect, I wanna--
 - I'm telling this because I wanna talk about it
 from the family with kids in a minute, but yes.
 - Okay, but I want you to now give me another example
 of that Tony Robbins has said,
 because what you made it sound like there
 is that the way the woman does something
 is the thing that's causing the bond.
 I know that's not what you meant.
 - Well, it can be, yeah.
 - Okay, I just wanna make an example.
 I wanted to do that clarification.
 - It's the same thing with the men
 who are the men are responding over and over
 where women now become defensive
 and become more masculine and should be the other way.
 Yeah, sorry, that's not the only example.
 I was just the one,
 - I just wanna make sure we clarify that
 because nothing's gonna be taken out
 as a part of the point. - Something's gonna be angry.
 - Yeah, I apologize, I'm stupid.
 Like I get it.
 But concept, does that make sense?
 Like it's the break of the masculine feminine
 that causes the split, which causes the disheartening.
 If you bring the masculine feminine together,
 I think that's what causes attraction
 and causes passion and causes all these things.
 I look at my life, like when we were struggling in our marriage,
 like it's because I'm showing up feminine.
 When I show up masculine, everything's great.
 Where my wife comes in masking it
 and I'm asking them, we butt heads, like it's fascinating.
 And so anyway, I don't wanna get deep in this
 'cause there's so much stuff. - Right, right, right, right.
 But there's no more show,
 'cause you look at this thing, like,
 now you got a family, right?
 And the mother and father split, right?
 And then there's kids who go through the mother and father.
 And now what they have is they've got either very masculine,
 personally they're learning from her feminine,
 but not, they don't see both.
 And so it shifts them and then it shifts their relationship.
 Like so many problems.
 And so I think the way we help the most,
 or can help the most is like, Hermose does this,
 Alex Hermose does this, like, he donates his money to,
 do you wanna name it Charity?
 You got our first two hard awards.
 It's after school kids.
 So like these kids where they go, like men who,
 these kids are gonna play basketball,
 lift weights or whatever who don't have masculine energy
 in their life, they come and they donate their time
 and they help the kids. - Oh, that's awesome.
 - To be masculine.
 So they have, they, all of us, we need male and female
 perspectives, like we have to, like,
 it's designed to have those things together
 when you lose one of them, it's a tragedy.
 So like, I think the way we can start helping is like,
 how do we bring programs where they can see masculine energy
 and see the way to make a positive and not a negative thing?
 And like, 'cause a lot of times all they know is,
 you know, masculine energy left and oftentimes
 there's a lot of anger between the people when they hear
 talking trash about the spouse and talking trash
 about these traits which are like traits that are essential
 for them to develop and, I don't know,
 I don't know if that's the right answer or not,
 but I feel like that's how we can help those things
 is just like, helping to understand like,
 like the kids who don't have a father or a mother,
 like they need that energy in their life
 to understand it, to be able to, I don't know.
 So, okay, so this is seemingly unrelated to this,
 but I think that I can tie it back in
 'cause there's a question that I think fits in here.
 So, do you, I'm gonna start with a super basic question
 which I think the answer's obvious,
 but like, what I was wrote,
 do you feel my son or son is an entrepreneur?
 - I did early on, I did less so now.
 - Why is that?
 - When I was got started,
 entrepreneurship has become more of a cool thing
 in the last decade, since it's shortening to that stuff.
 Back when I first started, it wasn't.
 Everyone was confused, like, why would you do that?
 It is cooler.
 Also, it's like, I think the more you talk,
 the more you either alienate people or you attract people
 and I think a lot of people who I have been alienated
 have been alienated and I think I've attracted people
 I've attracted so like, my bubble of people around me
 are people who understand this lingo who relate to it
 so it's less hard now than it was initially.
 - Do you ever feel, so like, I believe that one of my super,
 like your superpower, like your art,
 your format is like marketing and funnels,
 funnels specifically, like that's like what you do
 and like, I feel like you could just sit there
 for hours, hours and days and forever
 for the rest of all of time, right?
 Like my superpower thing that I like to do is this,
 like communication.
 I love constructing words in a way that people can understand,
 right?
 I'm sure not, but like the Kanye West interview,
 Joe Rogan just did like three days ago.
 - I've heard about everything.
 - Okay, so like, this has been a long awaited episode
 for like, no one thought it was ever gonna happen, right?
 Because it was like, tease and then it wasn't,
 it didn't happen, finally happens.
 And so like, I see this, I had no idea it was coming,
 it like drops and I'm a huge fan of Joe Rogan, right?
 And I'm like, oh my gosh, it's amazing, right?
 And I sit down and I look online and all these people
 are like terrible interview, not worth your time,
 couldn't get past the first 20 minutes,
 like anything like that.
 I'm like, what?
 So I go and the first 20 minutes were kind of like,
 and I'm like, I get done with this three hour interview,
 it's like top three interviews of all time, right?
 And what's interesting is like, do you know Kanye,
 like how Kanye communicates like at all?
 Like, do you know, okay.
 So like, Kanye, there's so many references
 I wanna use that you won't get.
 Like, so like, like Kanye like sees the world
 like fundamentally differently.
 And like how Joe describes it in there,
 and the way that I described it is like,
 you wouldn't know this like I said,
 'cause it's like a nug, it's like a drug or whatever.
 But like, imagine being on like a psychedelic drug,
 like in a small format, like at all times,
 like that's how his mind works.
 Like he's like, sees everything, it's like expanded.
 And so even Kanye said, he's like,
 the reason I have such a hard time communicating sometimes
 is because I have to, like I see things in three dimensional
 and then I have to put them in
 in a two dimensional conversation, right?
 Now I'm not trying to compare myself
 the way I think to where Kanye thinks,
 but like that, this concept of like him,
 people think he's beating around the bush, right?
 When really he's just trying to explain something.
 Like one of the things I love doing is taking a concept
 like that and figuring out how to describe it
 in a way that the average person can understand.
 'Cause like I live in a different world,
 like just like you live in a different world
 than the average person does, like I live in a different world
 and that is by choice.
 Like I do not see the world the way that most people do.
 I intentionally do not want to see the world
 the way that other people do.
 Like everything that I do, like I will intentionally engineer
 where like my life is different than the average person
 'cause I wanna see the world differently.
 But I wanna be able to communicate that
 in a way that they can understand.
 And so my question is like, do you think that there's a lot
 of great ideas stuck inside of producers' heads
 that if more people understood them than thought like that,
 we could change the world for the better.
 But because they're stuck in their head
 and that person doesn't know how to communicate it well
 or is not focused on that, that effect never happens.
 - Gotcha, yes.
 So I would say, and that's why I think for me,
 this study, this art of like funnels and copywriting
 and story is so fast.
 I think that's what it is, right?
 Like I was, I was pitch like when we have an idea,
 in my head it's like this big granite block, right?
 It's like this is the idea.
 And to give it to somebody like, this is the idea,
 you're like, I don't get it, right?
 And then you start thinking about who is it?
 Start chiseling away at the stone, right?
 Start chiseling, chiseling, eventually you have
 this like amazing statue, right?
 Of like this thing that people can see
 and they can understand and they can gravitate towards.
 I feel like it's the same thing with communication, right?
 Or with any kind of idea or trying to sell.
 Like the funnel is one thing, like right now,
 like hey, you should buy my coaching programs, like why?
 Like, ah, it's too big.
 Like I need to take them to a path to simplify that.
 So it's like a step-by-step process,
 which is like chiseling away.
 But then inside you step the processors, like the words
 and the stories and things you communicate to simplify it
 just to get more and more fine to you.
 Like that's why for me, when we create a funnel, we launch it.
 It's like they're taking this big granite block
 and chiseling down to like now it's something
 that somebody can come in on this side of it.
 They go through a process by telling them,
 "Drown at the end, they're gonna give us money,
 they're gonna get a product,
 and they're gonna change,
 like something's gonna change for them."
 I think that's what marketing is, right?
 It's that process of like trying to simplify the message.
 And I think 100% that's why most ideas don't get out, right?
 I don't know, how many times have you had,
 this guy comes back to talk about,
 who knows an hour or two ago too,
 but like four or five people get the same idea,
 but then one person executes on it.
 It's like the person who understands the communication
 the best is the one typically who gets it out, right?
 Like how much of your life of my life
 has been focused on the communication?
 And I don't necessarily like that part as much.
 Like it's not my favorite part,
 but it's such an essential tool.
 I remember when I was learning, when I got in this game
 and I was trying to sell my very first product,
 ZipRander, and I was like,
 I put it up on it, picture of it,
 buy now a button and like,
 trying to send traffic nobody bought.
 And someone's like, "We need a headline."
 I said something, okay, so I put a headline,
 like we need, like, tell us what this does.
 And so I found some sites that kind of model what they did
 and the people started buying.
 And it was just like,
 it was like learning that process of how do you communicate?
 I remember thinking,
 I never want to learn how to write,
 like, I mean, it was copy,
 because that's what we all call back to like,
 I don't want to write copy,
 like I don't want to do that, that sounds horrible.
 And I want to hire something,
 but like the people I tried to hire was expensive.
 It was like 10 to $20,000 for sales, I couldn't afford it.
 So I'm like, I have to learn this art
 of how to communicate.
 And like so grateful,
 because like that's how everything we built is bent,
 is off the communication of an idea
 and doing it in a way that gets people to move.
 - How do you decide what you're going to communicate?
 Like you have a lot of ideas in your head
 and you have a lot of different thoughts on everything.
 And like you choose to share funnels and marketing
 primarily and then you have some religion in there,
 which I would say probably like number two,
 maybe ish of like what you communicate.
 But I was like, it, like how do you decide?
 - The battles I want to choose?
 - Yeah, yeah. - Yeah.
 - The battles.
 - That's a good question. I think,
 I mean, part of it's like what's interesting.
 Like why did I want to do this interview?
 Like I read the book was fascinating.
 Like, and I don't know the answers
 and I thought this would be a fun way to talk it out loud.
 Like this fascinating, funnels are fascinating to me
 because like I can apply it so many things.
 You know, when I talk a lot about wrestling
 but not the community you bump into.
 - Yeah, yeah, sure.
 - But I'm not saying I talk about that.
 Like, so I think, I think it's just the,
 the ideas that fascinated me that I feel like have
 the most fluidity and can do the most, you know?
 Again, as an introvert a person,
 I'll typically go out and have conversations with people
 'cause I'm like, you know, as much as I can.
 But I find something like that does cause an effect, right?
 That's why I like, I practice telling my story so many times
 and I'll do a podcast and think,
 'cause like I know like now when I'm on stage
 in front of 9,000 people, the stories and get people to move
 because I practice, excuse me, I practice it.
 So I think it's, I'm putting a lot of things out in the water
 and then seeing what things people relate to
 and then I can go deeper on the ones that are like,
 okay, this won't have an impact.
 Do a lot of stuff.
 I remember, I remember I had first version.com secrets.
 There were seven or eight chapters more
 that never got published.
 I was gonna publish them all.
 - Do you have copies of those?
 - It was like, yeah.
 All my best stuff at the time that I knew
 and I wasn't gonna publish it.
 And it was all in the book.
 And I remember I heard an interview with Tim Ferris
 and Ryan Holiday,
 his Ryan Holiday at the time and they were all talking.
 Yeah, anyway, talking about their books.
 Both of them said that when they write a typical book,
 you know, Tim Ferris' book's like this,
 "Fattening."
 And my first draft was like twice as big as like,
 he's like the make you book go from good to great.
 It's not like, "Attymoor."
 It's cutting is like I cut two thirds of my book
 to give you this one.
 And then I think it was Ryan said the same thing.
 It's like, it's not like,
 it's like saying that my books start,
 the first draft is twice as big as the final one.
 Then next section is cut, cut, cut, cut, cut.
 I remember going back.com secrets that night
 and I was like, okay, based on that,
 what would I cut and how would that do?
 And I cut seven chapters out.
 And after it's done, I was like so scared to make this.
 It's like, I love these things,
 but I was like, those things aren't that important
 to get people what they need to actually be successful.
 Some of those things ended up being in.com secrets
 and the experts used to be places.
 But yeah, I wonder that first first.
 - I was gonna say, I wonder if she was probably
 the first day or if she like had a 2700 page book
 and cut something out of it.
 That's crazy.
 Okay, back to the question in the car.
 And I wanna tie this back to the book.
 How has growing a multi-hundred million dollar,
 like making hundreds of millions of dollars
 having a roughly billion dollar company
 being the CEO for her employees,
 like how has that changed your perspective
 of the world?
 - I think, so many of you I could respond.
 I think there was a season in my life
 where I thought that like,
 if I was gonna create something,
 if I was gonna do something that like,
 the way I was gonna do it by me, does that make sense?
 - Yeah.
 - And in fact, if you look at my history,
 the first decade of business, businesses were about me.
 They were me.
 They were, I was the sole owner, the sole person.
 And on this journey, when we started it,
 it was so different.
 It was like, what's the team look like?
 How do we, like who taught us my first time,
 I had partners, like that was so scary for me.
 And then, the greatest thing I possibly could have done,
 right?
 And then run other partners and then employees
 and make stuff and like,
 I don't know, it's been fascinating just realizing
 that like to build this, it wasn't about me.
 It was about, I don't know, just that whole thing.
 I think anything great, a lot of times,
 there's a person that gets credit for it.
 Eli Musk gets credit 'cause he's whatever, Bill Gates
 or whoever the people I get the credit for.
 But it's like, you start really seeing
 how many people involved that makes something amazing.
 You know what I mean?
 I think that's the biggest thing for me
 was I started growing it.
 And it's frustrating, not frustrating for me.
 I enjoy it.
 I like, you know, people always are also,
 but eventually click funnels.
 I'm like, I literally don't know how to code anything.
 I got it.
 (laughing)
 - There's no one dot of code in that word.
 I like, maybe once I leaned over Todd's shoulder,
 put a button in, then he had to lead it.
 Like, you know, I think it's cool to,
 when you see that, like how many,
 and before Funnaw, I came live,
 every time I start, we bring a whole team together.
 And I see, you know, I'm the one who's on stage,
 but I'm fully aware that like, that is not me.
 Like, this is us.
 Like, it wasn't for this team and these people,
 like, all of you guys, for all your contribution,
 this was impossible.
 I wanna always ground that 'cause I think,
 sometimes that the leader, whoever gets a big head,
 really think it's them.
 And I, I don't know.
 And I see that with a lot of people who are on big stages
 where they still drink their own Kool-Aid,
 something it's them.
 I think that's my shift in the world,
 just understand like the great things,
 like the things that we remember,
 the things that our legacies that go on and on and on,
 they may be ahead or a person that,
 like, that the branding tied to it,
 but it's like there's this group of people
 that created something amazing.
 That's, but how did you, like, how do you stay grounded?
 Like, one of the things that I,
 like, I am a huge fan of Russell Brunson, right?
 Like, I, like, because,
 like, for me, like, you're the person I look up to as,
 not just, hey, you taught me how to make a lot of money,
 but like, hey, I wanna, I wanna be like,
 I wanna have the character that you have.
 I don't wanna have, like, I look at Grant Cardone,
 and I don't, you don't have to talk to me
 about Grant Cardone, but I can, right?
 And like, Grant Cardone is really, really full of himself,
 right?
 And like, don't get me wrong, like,
 I learned a lot from Grant Cardone,
 especially about money, like,
 he's changed my perspective about a lot of things.
 And I'm like, eternally grateful for that.
 But if, like, if I grew up to be Grant Cardone,
 like, where that was the focus, I mean, like,
 I watched him, I was there when, you know,
 was the, the stadium down in Miami or whatever, right?
 When it was, you know, it was all about him,
 and it was, I think, even got up on stage,
 and was like, oh yeah, Russell, everybody says,
 Russell's the greatest salesman,
 but I'm the one that packed the house, right?
 And I'm like, dude, like, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, like, why?
 Why is that necessary?
 And so like, how do you, how do you stay grounded?
 Right? Because like, I think there's,
 it's so fascinating to watch different type of people.
 And I know like, Tai Lopez, for example,
 like for a while there was like all about Tai,
 and like now he's kind of like,
 gone more behind the scenes.
 But I'm like, each person I watch was Ty or Gary or Grant,
 like they all have a different way about them,
 and like you have your way about them.
 Like the one that I see is like the most grounded,
 humble, like, is like, there's nobody that's looking at you.
 You get up on stage and you're like,
 - Oh, I never lost all process.
 - You know what I mean?
 Like, you know, it's awkward.
 - Like, right, and then you mean,
 you walk up and Grant's like, "Rabbel."
 But like you, it's like, yes, that awkward of like,
 "Hey, I'm just over here to..."
 Like, how are you grounded in that?
 Like, how do you, how do you not let it get to your head?
 Because it would be so easy for you to,
 to get wrapped up in your own head.
 - Someone told me, 'cause my wife, they said,
 if you'd married anybody else, you had to be so big.
 (laughing)
 I think, well, so I like met your wife for the first time
 today, I mean, like we had crossed paths.
 But I said, when you were getting haircut,
 I was like, "So what's it like being married to Russell?"
 'Cause she goes, "He's just the sixth child of mine."
 (laughing)
 I was like, "Oh boy, the big kid."
 - That's awesome.
 - I think, I say it's two things.
 And we kind of talked about this earlier,
 but I'll tie back to it.
 Like, the first one is that I am fully aware
 that these ideas are not mine.
 - Right.
 - Like, I didn't invent the funnel,
 I didn't invent any of the stuff.
 All I know is that I was on a path in a journey
 and I was given the thing and the next thing.
 And I was like, freaking out and I was putting them together.
 And like, this stuff's not mine.
 It's stuff that was given to me and tested.
 And so like, I'm so grateful for that.
 Like, it's never me like, "Oh, this is what I invented."
 Like, that's so annoying, 'cause it's not, right?
 Like, these are, again, come back to these ideas,
 these thoughts, these desires, things that were given to us.
 And so I think that's the first part.
 The second part of it is, and I see this a lot in people,
 my world who dance them as success.
 And then they're like, "This is my person."
 I made them a bajillion.
 And I'm like, "I hate that too, 'cause it's just like,
 like you helped them in a piece, but like,
 but they did the work.
 Like, I'm very careful like to always,
 like when I'm talking about any of our success stories,
 like I didn't make that person like,
 we had this super cool opportunity
 to be piece of their journey, right?
 We helped them give us some ideas and a tool,
 but they're the ones that kill,
 I got to what it takes to build what they're building.
 Like, I didn't do that, they did that.
 And like, I'm grateful that they did.
 And I'm even more grateful that I got to be little pieces.
 Like, I got to be part of that journey.
 I got to see that and just like,
 have the impact of like, "Oh my gosh,
 because I killed myself in all those books
 and because Todd killed myself in software
 and I was able to communicate it,
 like they're able to do the same.
 And it's not all me.
 I fully watch it on me.
 Like, I know what every entrepreneur
 has to go to be successful.
 And it's not a mentor who gives you everything.
 It's just like a lot of people who are piece.
 And I've had mentors who gave me a piece
 that I'm so grateful for,
 but then they try to take all the credit like,
 "Oh, this is when," and I hate that too.
 And so I think those two sides,
 and one is like, again,
 I don't think these ideas are,
 or someday I came up with their,
 they were given to me and I was just gonna steward with them.
 And so because I was able to aggregate them,
 and like, there's the thing.
 And then number two is just,
 my belief that I didn't help anyone.
 Like, even like when you said like,
 you and Katie, like I fell awkward,
 like, "Oh, like I didn't do anything."
 - Right. - Like, luckily some of the stuff
 that you resonate with you
 and there's like a little piece of your journey.
 I'm so grateful for that.
 - Right. - Like the fact that you do stuff now,
 it's like so much fun for me to watch you.
 And like, just knowing like,
 "Man, because he bumped into me,
 like maybe something happened and now
 "he's doing this stuff and this work,
 it's so cool seeing how you're impacting people."
 And I think those are the reasons why I don't think
 it's big 'cause I don't think it's me.
 I'm grateful that I get to be a piece of it of the journey,
 but I'm not the creator of it.
 - All right, I wanna look back to the book.
 - Got it. - Can we talk, can we talk?
 - Can we just read it?
 You guys want us to read it to you?
 - Yeah.
 What was your, like,
 what was the thing that fascinated you about it?
 Like, when you box me, dude,
 you were like, "Dude, I read it and I'm geeking out about it.
 "I just wanna geek out about it."
 Like, what, like, what about it?
 How'd you so fast?
 I'm like, what did you wanna geek out about it?
 'Cause I have a question that I wanna ask,
 like, later on about it, but like,
 what was the thing that like just made you geek?
 - There are a lot of things.
 I think the biggest thing that I was really excited
 we talked about earlier was just, I'm sorry.
 - I know, you, that's good.
 - The biggest thing earlier in direction.
 - Yeah, the biggest thing earlier was just this,
 this con, again, folks who are tuning in late,
 in here, there's a whole, it talks about greed, right?
 And that concept of greed versus charity.
 Like, again, the book very much is like,
 greed is good, it's the thing that causes production
 and you should care about yourself.
 And then good things will happen, like,
 it'll create jobs and everything else,
 take care of yourselves long as you're,
 you're caring most about yourself,
 which I thought was kinda cool.
 But then also I had the other side of,
 with like my beliefs and Christ and Christianity
 and all those things that are out,
 where it's just like, oh, like,
 how does that reconcile with faith,
 the whole charity and love?
 And like, you know, serving everybody else,
 and like, and so that was, like,
 that's probably the thing that got me the most,
 I think that I keep, I think about that a lot,
 especially in politics, 'cause I'm not deep in politics,
 I'm not gonna talk about who I'm voting for,
 not voting for, it doesn't matter.
 But I see that on both sides,
 'cause I feel like on the Republican side,
 you see a lot of this stuff like this.
 And then on the Democrat side,
 you see a lot of like the charity stuff.
 And again, on my notes, I wrote this actually initially
 'cause I wanna talk about this, like,
 I'm a big believer that like,
 there's not like a right and wrong,
 there's good in both sides, right?
 - There's not a right and a wrong side.
 - Yeah, there's like things are messed up on both sides.
 Like, I think that there's,
 it's just how the world works, like, Satan,
 like there's eternal struggle between God and Satan
 and Christ, like this is always happening.
 So there's two sides and there's like,
 there's God like principles and things on the right
 that are amazing, and then there's Satan
 that's twisting things and jacking up,
 sitting on both sides, like,
 I see everyone fighting like, tooth and nail,
 I'm like, I bet you if we all sit down,
 the majority of all the issues we'd all agree on.
 But then it's like the fringe things
 that cause like so much hatred and fighting
 and just drives me crazy.
 And I think that this book's a perfect example,
 like what I believe so much in some of these principles,
 but there's also like the opposite of principles,
 I also believe it and they're both right.
 And it's like, and that's what, you know,
 I mean, if you miss it being probably interview,
 you talk more about that, but it's like,
 the greed and the growth and contribution
 that transition is like the key that just fascinates.
 - Yeah, so like what part of the,
 what parts of the book contradicted the most with your faith?
 Like what part of the books do you have
 like the most, the heart of time with because of your faith?
 - Yeah, the producers in the book, the minds,
 the people I connect with,
 'cause like that's who I self-identify as a producer,
 somebody who's obsessed with like production and creating
 and like, right, like I really say,
 hey, career and these,
 a dagnie, like all these people like I really like,
 they're cut from my same, from my same cloth.
 And it's as they're growing this stuff
 that they didn't give back,
 then they didn't, that's the best thing.
 Like I felt like they weren't rounded out characters.
 Like that's the biggest thing for me.
 It's just like, I don't wanna be,
 like first of all, I wanna be a fan career.
 Like he's freaking the man, he's crazy.
 Like, yes, that's all I wanna be.
 And then I wanted to see him have like that change of heart
 where he's Christ like, his own free will,
 not because the government came with the gun
 and told me he's not paid taxes.
 I wanted to see his character develop
 and realize that, oh my gosh,
 like I should be serving people because I love them,
 not because the government's forced.
 Like that's the piece I wish.
 'Cause that's, that's-
 - They like never, I mean, they like never took that turn.
 Like the book, it was like, you almost like expected it.
 And then it didn't happen.
 - They got worse and worse and worse.
 And then they wait to everything.
 It's like, people are dying, everything collapses.
 And then like the lights in your go out,
 whoo, and they're like, okay, now we come back and build.
 - Now we can come back and build,
 but like even when they come back and build,
 it was built by our new law of like basically,
 so actually one of the things that's fascinating about
 that was it in, gosh, it was towards the end.
 When was it golf?
 I think it was golf.
 It was like basically, yeah, I think I was doing speech
 when he was like, all we wanted was like,
 we gave the minds inside, like we gave all this stuff
 to you guys basically.
 And like, kind of being like God there,
 but like here we did, we created all this stuff,
 we created these jobs, we created these resources,
 like we gave it to you.
 And all we wanted from you guys was for you
 to let us be in our own head.
 Like let us our minds be free and not be controlled
 by anything else.
 And you took all that.
 And not only did you take it all,
 then you said, no, you're bad,
 and we're gonna take that away too.
 And so we're all going on strike because of that.
 And like, you relate to that so much.
 And then it's like, yes, but then they explain how they live
 and it's like, you expect them to have that change of heart,
 but it's rather, but no, it's because we are amazing
 and because we are the great minds
 and we must live by this code.
 It has nothing to do with like actually giving back
 or actually contributing to society.
 It's like they didn't care about contributing to society.
 That just happened to happen.
 - Yeah, which is cool, which is why again,
 governments should let producers produce
 because the byproduct is really good, right?
 For everybody.
 It's like that part is so much I relate to.
 But then, and part is probably because I and Rand
 didn't believe in God.
 So that wasn't, you know what I mean?
 It's like that wasn't part of her values.
 So it's tough because she weaved that.
 I just wish at the end of the book
 would have been like an end to hang good
 and realize that he could help all these people himself.
 And so he built orphanages and changed all these kids' lives.
 And they're like, yes, he's like,
 ah, like that would have been amazing.
 You know, he found out, oh, you are,
 he went donating money to save all his children.
 But he did his own free will because he had that change of heart.
 Because that's like, I don't want to die at the end of my days.
 And like I produced and created jobs,
 but like I didn't care about people like,
 ah, like I feel like that missed the mark.
 - Hank, Gruden, you say the person you related to most in the book?
 - Yeah, I think so.
 I wanted to be a Francisco though.
 He was pretty sweet.
 - Who do you think?
 - Who do you think I related to most of the book?
 - Oh.
 - Who was it?
 - Is a relatively main one.
 - Was it your close?
 - Oh, is it Francis?
 - Yeah, yeah, for sure, for sure.
 Yeah, he was cool.
 - Right from the beginning, he like fascinated me.
 And like I knew like right when like that she introduced the plot twist
 where like he like ran off and became the playboy or like picture
 because I was a playboy or like whatever.
 Like I knew right then and there.
 Like I was like, I don't know what the plot like,
 I don't know what the connection is by like,
 no, this is going to come back around.
 It's like not going to be how it seems.
 Like because like someone like it,
 the mind doesn't shift and like then he stays in the scene or whatever.
 But like he fascinated me because I like he strikes me as someone
 and he didn't care about the crowds.
 He did not at all, right?
 Like he hated going to the wedding.
 He hated going like it was by force that his wife like drug him out there that one time.
 It was always like, oh, I just want to work in my office room.
 Like I'm actually not like that, right?
 I'm actually much more the like I do like the crowds,
 but I don't like the crowds because like I need praise it.
 Like don't get me wrong.
 Like I like being on stage and you know, like doing this type of stuff.
 But like for me, like I like the crowds because I love people.
 And I don't.
 It's funny because I like I actually don't get along with a lot of people like
 like whenever I go to the airport, I'm like, I will pay whatever it takes.
 Like put me on a plane first.
 At least a lot of people I have to deal with whatever because like I don't want to have to interact
 with people I want to interact with.
 But like I love like studying and understanding people's minds, right?
 And for me, one of the reasons I am so fascinated by Donald Trump is because
 of how he can control the crowds.
 Like you look at his rallies, dude, like you can't ignore him.
 Like they're just huge.
 Like my fiance's parents, like they went or mom and her mom and her.
 He went yesterday.
 And he was last night to Olaf.
 Like 29,000 people showed up in the bitter cold.
 Olaf like a last minute's notice to you know, and like that type of control or
 not even control, but like that type of influence to be able to go through.
 Like what is it that makes people go and do that?
 Like and so like Francisco in the book, like he, like he was the partier guy and
 like he went and he was with the crowds and he was very good with words and articulated
 and any, but he sold me like at that wedding.
 And I'm telling you, but like because to me, there's, there's more than two ways,
 but like super simplified down.
 There's like two ways to, to affect like influence people.
 There's one which is the indirect, which is like build a software company.
 It's build a product.
 It's build an iPhone, right?
 It's like you're not directly influencing them with like your words or like whatever.
 Like, but it's like influencing their behavior by creating a product,
 like creating a service that's going to go out and change the world.
 And then the other way is actually go out there and change them with your words.
 Right.
 And so that's why like Jesus, for example, Jesus didn't build a product.
 Right. He did it through his words kind of sort of, but like, to me, that's so fascinating.
 And I'm like, if I can figure out how to do that, that's how I can affect real change in the world.
 And it's funny because like you have had such a massive influence on my life,
 but probably like a year and a half, maybe, ish into like me knowing like ClickFunnels.
 I was like, man, Russell's doing it all wrong.
 And because and I had this, this thing of like if Russell would communicate more
 about stuff besides funnels, like he would have a bigger impact.
 And like I had this like limited belief of like this is the only way you can
 in in blues impact people is by like going out there and actually like speaking to them.
 Right. But like that's my super on my gift.
 So like in the book, Francisco with the one, I think that best represents
 like my style of like trying to go out and do things.
 How about an interesting by hand grater with you?
 Because I think it's like something I gotta be in here building funnels, doing some stuff.
 Right.
 Like there's scenes of Hank in the book where you're seeing there looking out
 over the factories at night and you see watches like the steel bean port is glowing.
 And he's like, you join that.
 I for me, it's similar where I do the stage thing and things like that.
 I get less by like any interactions are like I love.
 I spend a lot of time on social media and I just looking at the people
 that I know are in our world and watching what they're doing.
 Because that's like me watching the steel.
 Like I'm not like my my mission is not to go teach people how to do what you do.
 Right. I'm giving you like a blow horn.
 So you can go do it.
 Yeah.
 And so like that's more faster than me to sit back and it's funny
 because my wife and men's to drive your crazy because then it'll happen and it'll get done.
 And then I screw you off.
 So I don't want to like talk to anybody in the room and I just like watch.
 When people take away isn't it?
 Who they're talking to?
 Like I spent a lot of time just like watching that's for me.
 Like looking over the steel and be like, I gave them a trumpet or I gave them a blow horn.
 Now their message is going out there.
 I can just kind of watch it.
 And so for me, it's like, I don't want to teach personal development and this and that.
 But I don't want to like empower or give these tools or whatever tools there so that
 so that you can and and you know, who have all the other influencers are to be able to do those things.
 That makes sense.
 I got an amplifier.
 I'm an amplifier of other people's messages.
 And my message just happens to be like, here's the amplification thing you need to amplify your message.
 Yeah.
 Letting everybody else go and do it.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community, which means you can text me your questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 okay.
 Now the phone over your text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message
 where you can add me to your phone.
 And then we start having conversations on top of that through this text and communities where I'm going to be giving you out free swag,
 giving you away free copies of my book.
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that.
 Every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So when you do right now, it's play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
