 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to Mark and Seeker's podcast.
 We are about to start the third part
 of our five-part Atlas Shrugged interview series.
 I hope you guys enjoyed part one and part two.
 I'm sure there are things that you agree to with.
 I'm sure things you disagree with and that's okay.
 This whole thing is not about me trying to force
 anything on you as more just to get us all thinking
 and open to conversations and open to look at things
 from both sides.
 With that said, we're gonna move now
 into the third part of the interview series.
 Again, we broke down our three and a half-hour interview
 into five-part-cast episodes.
 I know these are long, but I hope you're enjoying them
 and hopefully it's just getting the wheels here spinning.
 Hopefully you're enjoying it.
 And I really hope that it gives you the desire
 to go and read the Atlas Shrugged book
 and kind of see some of these principles through that lens.
 So with that said, we'll keep the theme song.
 We'll get back.
 We'll introduce you.
 You have a chance to listen to part three
 of my interview with Josh Forti.
 - So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take our adventure capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question and this podcast
 will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Sitters.
 - Okay, I wanna circle back for one quick thing.
 And then we can move on to it.
 So the question I was trying to ask was,
 like when you were like,
 hey, there's the technician or there's the plumber
 or there's this or this or that or then there's the person
 that comes in and makes it rain, right?
 Like there's only a few people in an organization
 like make it rain, right?
 Like you in ClickFunnels, you make it rain.
 Like you're the one that like brings it in
 and I'm sure there's other people like to a certain extent
 but like you are that person.
 And there's probably what?
 Probably I have what?
 100, 200 people on the sports team
 that don't actually make the company any money.
 But they do play a critical role in the sense of like,
 the company couldn't function without them, right?
 And so like to those people there,
 how does somebody who like, two part question,
 one, can you live your best life in a position like that?
 Like can you be most alive and fulfilled
 and like like live a great life doing something average
 like that?
 And number two, like does that person need to go learn
 how to make it rain?
 Like does everybody need to be an entrepreneur?
 Does everybody need to be like you are so fast
 and you got this whole community of funnel hackers
 and like we're gonna go out and change the world
 and like we don't get, we think differently,
 we do it differently, we do all this stuff,
 like just would it be good
 if the whole world thought that way?
 Or like do we need people that don't think that way?
 - There's a time in life where I thought
 everyone should think that way.
 I don't think so now.
 I think some people like, I have family members
 who love what they do and they're obsessed with,
 like the art is what they do.
 Like some people like some, like I've had good misuses
 and bad misuses, some misuses like that is their art.
 You can tell you're like, oh my gosh,
 like they're the best at their craft.
 And I think that's okay.
 I think if it brings fulfillment, like that's more important.
 But if people want to fulfill that,
 that's the second question.
 Like if you're not fulfilled, then why?
 Like, you know, and I think one of the most powerful things,
 Myron Golden taught us funnel hacking live
 and he taught it too comical.
 Like a couple of times,
 he has to think all the four levels of value.
 And it's so fascinating because--
 - That's such a good, yeah.
 - So the first level of value,
 for those who haven't heard this before,
 is and he talks about, and he,
 I'm gonna not do it justice, like Myron's a man.
 - Yeah, the greatest speakers of all time.
 - Oh, YouTube.
 - I don't even know if it's on YouTube.
 - Yeah, I have a, it's on my, anyway, yes.
 But so bottom level is, is people work with their hands, right?
 And this is the hardest work, right?
 Someone building a building,
 person's actually building the building
 or typing, you know, support, like whatever the thing is,
 like they're working with their hands.
 Like that's the lowest level value, right?
 Like the most you make when you're,
 when you work the hands is maybe 50, 60, 70,000 hours,
 you're like, you're tapped out, you can't get higher than that.
 Now, excuse me, if that's your calling
 and you're good at it, you love it, like go all in.
 Like become the best in the world that thing
 and that's totally cool.
 But you're not, but like you cap out on salary,
 you can't make more money at a certain point.
 That's the value of that tier value.
 The next tier value that you move up one tier is management, right?
 Someone who can manage all of the workers, right?
 And there's people like one of the big mistakes
 from inside of Clickphones,
 we took people inside of our team
 who were the best workers,
 we upgraded them into management
 and they were horrible managers,
 amazing workers moving to the management
 and managing what they weren't managers.
 Like this is different mindset.
 And so it's like, they can go learn that,
 but that's not where they were,
 that's not where they were gifted, right?
 And a lot of times it was irreparable.
 They couldn't move them back down because of their mind,
 like, "Oh, I'm the manager now."
 It's like, "No."
 I think one of the things we learned is like,
 someone can work at the EBO worker
 and make more money than the manager, right?
 Because sometimes their skillset,
 like a programmer's and developers,
 like getting an amazing programmer to code something
 is a lot of times worth more than the manager's
 managing that person.
 But in most businesses,
 the most organizations manage this next tier, right?
 'Cause you make more money as a manager
 'cause you manage a lot of workers,
 it's supposed to want.
 Then you go up to next tier value
 and it's like the communicators, right?
 People learn how to talk and to sell.
 Like, that's the next thing.
 You make more selling and you managing
 and you typically make more managing
 than you actually doing the thing.
 And not everyone's gonna be great salespeople.
 Like, I think it's a teachable skill.
 I think you may have seen my early videos, like,
 (laughing)
 if it thinks this is a gift that I was born with,
 it is not, it's something that's been developed.
 - Guys, you should go look at Russell's old videos.
 They are so embarrassing.
 (laughing)
 They are the worst ever.
 Yeah, when I was your age,
 I would not have been able to do this.
 Like, it's crazy.
 So that tier is communicators and the top tier
 are the visionaries, like imagining,
 if you're using your brain to make money.
 So you're using your brain, your mouth,
 your management skills or your hands.
 Like, those are the four tiers of value.
 And so I think wherever you fit in there,
 it's like, that's cool.
 Like, we need people all the tiers,
 but like, I had to podcast about the other day.
 I'm like, if you're gonna be,
 whatever you're gonna be at,
 like, don't just be a person doing it.
 Become the best of the world.
 Like, we were in Oak Swagatoni's event
 and we're in a hotel and it was kind of weird
 because there's a spa, right?
 All exciting massages, but it's also COVID right now.
 So like, the suits is a mask on.
 They have plastic gloves.
 It's like, it was weird.
 And I got my very first massage.
 We sent, they paid for some massage,
 my two massages.
 I was like, it'll be fun.
 First massage was so bad.
 I was like, I never want to get massages again ever.
 Like, it was just, it was so bad.
 And I was sitting there on the table,
 it was only an hour long massage.
 By the time I was done, I was like,
 I want to get out of here,
 like, this is just weird and horrible.
 I did not enjoy it.
 And I'm a massages person.
 - Yeah, I love massages, yeah.
 - And I was like, point, I had never won a massage again,
 but they'd already booked this for the next day
 for the second one.
 And I was annoyed.
 I went to the second one.
 And same thing, she's got plastic gloves on,
 like we have to do with a mask.
 And it's kind of like, I don't even want to be here.
 And then she puts your hands on me.
 And it's just like, it was art.
 Like it was different.
 And I was like, both of them are doing the same job, right?
 But somebody's like, I want to be the best in the world.
 Versus like, I'm just doing the thing.
 And you see that in every area of life.
 You look at the chiropractors.
 There's chiropractors that are good.
 And there's ones that are great.
 Doctors, like dentist, business, like,
 like I'm more of like, wherever you're at,
 like they don't just be New York.
 They become the best in the world there.
 That's more important to me then.
 You know, if you're gonna be a plumber,
 be the plumber who you walk in.
 Like we've had our house, so many plumbers come in.
 We had some of the come in, they fix the leak
 and then some of those breaks.
 And they go, oh, and other guys come in
 and they check everything and make sure it's perfect.
 It's like, I would rather, like,
 I want that person, what they are.
 It's one of the person who like, this is their art.
 And I'm just like, huh, that's the job I can find.
 Like, yeah, anyway.
 - All right, so now I'm about to ask you a question.
 And I understand this is totally like,
 your opinion on it, there's nothing, maybe you have something
 to base it on.
 So like, the person that is at those lower levels of value,
 right, the average worker that's out there
 that's doing their thing, especially in today's super soft
 victim mentality America that wants to vote for free stuff
 makes me so mad.
 Anyway, so like the average person like that's out there
 looks up at people that make a lot of money
 and like kind of the general consensus, I think,
 or the way that America slash the world is going
 is like rich people are bad, right?
 Like, you're a greedy man.
 Like you got all this money and like,
 you're not giving any of me and like,
 you get to go sit in your massive house and your cars
 and you can do whatever you want.
 And so like, even if they are doing what they are called
 to do, like they'll look up at to a millionaire
 or a billionaire, like someone has like all this stuff.
 And they'll look at it as bad, like that shouldn't happen.
 Like, how do you create a society?
 And this is why like, I know it's a big picture
 like type stuff.
 How do you create a society that allows people to like be okay
 with being the best version of themselves?
 Like where they're at without like looking at you
 and being like, you're bad.
 Like, you know what I mean?
 - Yeah.
 Well, it's not gonna happen in our lifetime.
 It's not gonna happen my belief till Christ comes again.
 And we, when he does, it'll be a perfect, you know,
 things to be great.
 But until then it's not gonna happen
 because humans are humans, right?
 - You mean Donald Trump's not gonna just fix everything?
 - Oh, if he does, that'd be amazing.
 - I'm not holding my breath.
 But I would say more so just for anyone who feels that way.
 Like I would look at that more,
 and I did a podcast about this.
 Like if you're not someone who celebrates
 other people's successes, everybody,
 I don't know if you hate the person,
 if you're a big fan or you're not a big fan.
 Like if you don't celebrate their success,
 then you are going to struggle to ever be successful
 'cause you're gonna be so scared
 of other people not celebrating your success.
 I remember I'm not a huge Gary V fan.
 You know this for reasons I'll talk about in my next book.
 But--
 - So when I tweet this out on Twitter,
 Gary, when you're following me, shout out.
 - But by the way, the Patriots won the Super Bowl
 and the Jets just throw that out there.
 I continue.
 - No, I just guarantee you never come on that.
 - I do like Gary.
 I just, we had any weird thing, but whatever.
 - He doesn't remember it, I'm sure.
 But anyway, he got the shoe deal with whatever the shoes.
 - Yeah, Adidas.
 - And he's on a market.
 And like for a half a second, I was like,
 ah, that sucks. And then I was like, you freaking,
 he's in our industry and you got a shoe deal.
 And I ran in my computer.
 - Or case West, yeah.
 - The case was I bought the shoes, I got them,
 I was like, I did a podcast like Celebrate.
 In fact, the Seminar community got a shoe deal
 at all these things.
 And a bunch of people that I know, right?
 I felt like you're not a big Gary fan.
 I'm like, I'm not, but like, that's a huge success.
 I wish you so many success.
 Because if you don't, then what's gonna automatically happen
 in your head, if you're not celebrating people's successes,
 you have the subconscious fear that someone's not gonna,
 in the years and so you're gonna,
 you're gonna stifle yourself from being successful.
 So I try with anybody around me having success,
 whether I like them or I don't like them.
 Like I always am like, oh my gosh,
 I'm gonna try to celebrate it.
 And then by doing that, like it, it changes your brain
 to the spot where you're okay having success
 because you're assuming everyone's gonna celebrate like you
 and they're not going to.
 But it, I don't know, it's different.
 Subconsciously, you are not celebrating people's successes.
 It'll stifle you from ever having your own.
 And so I think that's a big part of like,
 if that's where you're at right now,
 like it's something you gotta change.
 You start making that little shift
 and start celebrating people's successes above you.
 It's freeing, it's amazing.
 'Cause then it's all just unlocking yourself.
 Like I can succeed because they did
 and people are gonna celebrate me.
 And like it just, it's just like psychological things
 that you do and it changed everything.
 It's weird.
 Do you think you're not political?
 Like hard at all.
 Like do you even pay attention?
 - No.
 No, not too much.
 - Like it.
 I was like, hey, so those who read the book,
 Hank Reardon, he like, and this is part of his demise
 is he never, he doesn't pay attention at all.
 - Anything.
 - So as I read the book, I'm like,
 Hank Reardon doesn't pay attention.
 I don't pay attention like,
 (laughing)
 like, and real quick, we do shout out for these shirts
 again, guess what I'm getting.
 By the way, how many guys would like one of these shirts?
 - Ooh, let's make them comment for this first.
 - Okay, guys, how many do you want a shirt?
 Yes or no?
 Comment, yes or no down below.
 - So this is the Reardon still one.
 And this is the, who is John Gall one?
 - Pretty dope.
 - I'm not gonna lie though.
 Like that was pretty dope, but this one wins for one reason.
 - Like that.
 - The quote is cool.
 We can put that quote on this one too and make it silver.
 - Ooh, ooh.
 - Okay, this is my selfish pitch, can I do it?
 - Okay, yeah, can we also,
 hey guys, go through a pitch real quick.
 - You just give myself something?
 - Can he sell something to you?
 Keep in mind, I make no money off this.
 I don't even know what he's doing.
 - I don't know if I make anybody.
 - Okay, no, we have a little fun site we created
 just 'cause they'd be fun, called t-shirts,
 snackdown.com, where we have two shirts
 and then people vote with their wall
 and which shirt they want better.
 So if you guys want these shirts,
 you can actually buy whichever one is your favorite
 or both, you like them both.
 You gotta go to t-shirt snackdown.com
 and they're up there right now
 and guess who's the models on t-shirt snackdown?
 I assume, are we the models?
 - And we go t-shirt backdown.com.
 Yeah, you can get one or two.
 - Oh my gosh, look at that.
 You're super involved.
 - Your team's amazing, dude.
 They put it together like that fast.
 - Okay, let's get out of the book here for a second.
 The audible door, the password that was audible.
 When I read that, I was like,
 (laughing)
 - Yes!
 - That's like a brilliant mind at work, right?
 - It's like you have to say it.
 - And the part that I thought was interesting
 was it wasn't just the words.
 He's like, and it's programmed to where it will not open
 unless the person that is saying it
 is actually saying it with conviction
 or something like that effect.
 They actually have to mean it.
 - You can't just be like, "Okay, cool, I'm in."
 Now you guys wanna read the book so bad.
 Okay, all right, we'll come back to the t-shirts back down.
 Comment down below, let us know.
 And let us know guys, let us know down in the comments.
 And if you're listening on audio,
 you can like go leave a rating and review
 and like leave us in the comments.
 But like, if you're listening YouTube, Facebook, wherever,
 like comment down below where the best part of your,
 your favorite part of the conversation was so far.
 I think that'd be super cool.
 Okay, let's get out of the book for a second here.
 I actually have a lot of questions about the book,
 but I wanna know like what was your favorite scene?
 - Oh, oh, swimming in scenes.
 My favorite scene in the book.
 So it's kind of like the crescendo of the whole book.
 'Cause the whole book that's in Who's Young All?
 Who's Young All?
 - Okay, hold on, so Dave is sitting here in the background.
 Have you read the book, Dave?
 Okay, so I'm just making sure,
 you're making sure that you're like,
 you're not just sitting over here like,
 "Go back guys, freak it out."
 Dave's like, "I have to read it too."
 I was like, "I need to talk to somebody."
 Dave, go read this, I'll see you in six months.
 - Fair for the book.
 - Okay, fair for the book.
 So the whole book's linked to Who's Young All, Who's Young All.
 We kind of introduced him a little bit
 when Dagnie meets him and then she leaves and goes back to the row world.
 And all of a sudden there's this part where the looters and the government
 are trying to like, do this broadcast.
 And all of a sudden, the broadcast is interrupted.
 And they're trying to figure out how to fix it,
 but all the people who would fix it have been taken.
 Like they're like, "Oh, it's all the great minds of society are gone."
 And all of a sudden like, over the last speaker comes John Galt.
 And he starts to speech.
 And the speech I think is 80 pages in the book.
 - It's like four hours on that.
 - It's like four hours on the audio book.
 Four hours.
 This is why you don't watch the movie by the way,
 because it's less than 30 seconds in the movie.
 Like, how do you JG?
 I got four hours, like, it's such a good.
 Anyway, he gets on his microphone,
 broadcasting the entire world.
 Nobody can cut him off and he gives the speech about big everything.
 - The whole building.
 - I was like, "What's going on?"
 - Yeah, like the setup was so crazy.
 I was like, "Oh!"
 And anyway, that was my...
 - And he ends with this.
 - Yeah. And he goes, and I'll say it like,
 one last time I pledge my life and my love of it
 that I will never live for this ain't got another man
 or ask another man to live for mine.
 - Oh, anyway, that was my favorite part.
 - The 80-page four hour long version of it.
 Okay. - Oh yeah.
 So good. - Okay, I like that.
 My favorite part is about this.
 I was like, so I like, I like played my life
 in like, act like I'm in a movie, right?
 Sometimes I'm like, do this.
 So do you remember at the wedding?
 - Oh, Francisco speech.
 - Dude! - Oh yes!
 - Okay!
 - That might have been better.
 - That is deep bad.
 - That might have been better.
 I can tell that chapter and I'm like,
 I promised Leah I would be done after this chapter.
 And like, it ends and I'm like, I remember.
 - No!
 - Yeah, I do think, so the John Gull had a better boom
 and then like, I didn't know it was coming.
 Like, there's wedding, everything.
 And then Austin starts happening.
 It's like, out of freaking nowhere.
 - Yeah, so Frank, Franco, Francisco,
 Francisco, Francisco, yeah.
 - Yeah, he gives a speech that was like,
 yeah, I wasn't expecting it.
 So I think it was less buildup, but it was amazing.
 Yeah.
 The John Gull buildup was like, this is like,
 I was waiting for that movie.
 So I was like, it'd be amazing then.
 It's like, come on, like, come on.
 Anyway, yeah, those are the two best parts.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - I'm reading this and I'm like,
 that was when, like it was like that moment I was like,
 okay, she finally like made it all like,
 and it was relatively early on in the book.
 I was like, oh, if the book follows anything like this,
 this is gonna be such a good book, right?
 'Cause like, he gets down with that and like,
 you're just, it's like something you'd watch out
 in real life and you know, like,
 somebody thought this out and they wrote it down,
 and they were just like, yeah.
 - So good.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 That was so good.
 That was, that was hands down, that fair part.
 - Why don't I read the book again?
 I wish it wasn't 1200 pages 'cause it's like,
 I wanna go back to the experience of it, it's so big.
 - Okay, have you read the Cliff Notes version of the book?
 - No.
 - Okay, so yeah, so there is, there's,
 I think there's the Cliff Notes,
 like the one that you buy,
 I think it's like a four hour audio book.
 I haven't listed that one,
 but if you're just gonna like cliffnotes.com,
 like read the book, you can basically,
 you can basically get a summary of the whole book
 and like 30 to 45 minutes.
 I read it.
 - Oh, oh, 100%.
 100% worth it.
 - And actually that's the reason I'm bringing it up
 because like, I know it's 1200 pages,
 but like you don't, like if you just read the Cliff Notes,
 you're like, oh, okay, like cool storyline,
 but like you miss the effect, like the, of it all.
 - One of the things that I thought was fascinating,
 just 'cause like I'm working on my next book,
 which is like, it's not how two books,
 I'm learning how to write differently.
 So I've been reading a lot.
 - Do you wanna tell us all about it?
 - I'm really proud, I'm excited for it.
 But one thing was interesting, like,
 you look at how I and Rand did the dialogue in the book,
 she did all the dialogue where it's one person speaking.
 So it's fascinating, every time you notice that,
 like when her partner was in the cafeteria with some guy,
 we didn't know, you only hear his words,
 you never hear the other side.
 - Oh, that's so true.
 - Most of her dialogue was just you heard the one person
 talking and you could get to just the conversation
 by reading one side, but they'd never had the other side.
 And I'd never see someone write that way before.
 And there's a lot of cool things like that,
 where they're just like, people, and like, again,
 I've written three books now, but like,
 I wrote books with Google Docs, with editors and people.
 Like, imagine I read a book in the '50s with a typewriter.
 I think how much pre-four thought has to go
 to something like this?
 - Yeah, that's wild.
 - Like, it is insane to think that, yeah,
 so like, I have so much respect for people who wrote then,
 and especially I'm trying to learn how to write
 as a story as opposed to how to,
 and it's like, the art of is just fascinating.
 And anyway, as a book, it's just like,
 it's worth reading just like,
 to see how she wrote as fascinating as well.
 - What was your like, biggest, actually,
 I'm gonna go down that rabbit hole a little bit further.
 So like, writing and, is your next book fiction or not?
 - No, it's just the next book is,
 I bought Bootstrap.com,
 so I just put Bootstrap in this, the ClickFunnel story.
 It's not like how to, it's telling the story
 as the story, which is gonna be cool.
 - Oh, let me sell, yeah.
 - So like, the first thing we're doing
 is all the core people who have been part of the ClickFunnel
 story are flying them out and interviewing them for,
 I've been mapping out the entire timeline of events,
 this is a close-icon member,
 and interviewing all the pieces from their point of view,
 trying to get that from like, 50 different people,
 and then we take all that stuff,
 single time lines up and write the book as a story.
 Anyway, so it's a different writing style
 I've never done before, that's interesting.
 'Cause, oh yeah, they want some cool parts.
 So I'm also like, I've been re-geeking out on like,
 here with a thousand faces and here with two journeys,
 and like, all that stuff,
 so I wanna make sure, well,
 someday I wanna try to sell the Hollywood or something,
 and so who knows, I don't have the end of the story yet,
 but like, but so I'm just--
 - Which is, by the way, super fascinating,
 because like, the concept of like, going for a target,
 and then like going towards it,
 like you don't know the end,
 and now you're just like, oh, it's so cool.
 - And so it's cool, but I was like--
 - Russell so much about to watch.
 (laughing)
 - So like, I'm writing, so I've been geeking out
 on a hero's journey, so I'm like,
 I'm trying to sync the timeline of the ClickFunnels
 startup story to the timeline of the hero of a thousand faces,
 like to all the core things,
 to see if I can get it to fit inside that framework,
 which I think we'll be able to do,
 that way it, yeah, it's gonna be amazing.
 And then what I'm trying to do in my new office is,
 I'm gonna build the room where it's like a timeline,
 so the entire room wraps in a huge like chalkboard,
 with like a timeline that goes around,
 it has like the dates and the hero's journey stuff, right?
 And then like, you know, you know,
 and then like writing in each core thing on the wall,
 and then you know, like even the spy movies,
 where you have like the string that goes,
 you have the piece of the paper.
 - Yeah.
 - So like, as I'm writing the book on,
 I have the whole thing timed out in the square room,
 and so you see it all,
 and they can see all the pieces, how they all fit together,
 and then that'll, when the book's done,
 then that room, that'll be the wall paper.
 - Oh my gosh.
 - Okay, all right, so here's a great idea.
 So you like, you do that up until like a certain point,
 like this is modern day,
 and then there's like an end of the wall,
 and then like from that point to there,
 that's when you're writing, when you get to the end of the wall,
 you have to sell everything,
 and go into hiding and become John Gull.
 - Like that, that looks done, I mean, there we go.
 (laughing)
 That's fascinating.
 - Anyway, so when they get straight,
 it's right, it's right, it's really different.
 It's not like all my other books are how-to books,
 so it's like, they're written differently,
 and so it's just been fun.
 - Which, by the way, is why I was like,
 when I first got into entrepreneurship,
 I was like, I don't know why anybody would write a book
 that's not like that.
 Like I'm like, what, why would anybody write a book like this?
 It's so lame, and now I'm like reading it,
 and I'm like, oh my gosh, this is so cool.
 - Yeah, I have a ton of respect.
 Like the books I'm here now,
 like I just finished Shoe Dog, which is like,
 the story of American Kingpin,
 which is like the story of the Silk Road and the Dark Web,
 my favorite stories I've ever read, I've read it twice already.
 The writer is probably the best writer I've ever read.
 I read it, and I was so depressed,
 I was like, I'll never write as a business.
 If I try to hire him to write my book for me,
 he's too busy.
 (laughing)
 I will give you a blank check,
 just write this book, you're so much better
 than I could ever dream of,
 so I have to go learn how to do it.
 - What was your most, like what was the most fascinating
 about Alice Frog to you?
 Like if any, like the way it was written,
 or the concepts, or the characters,
 like any, what was the overall like,
 the most fascinating part for you?
 - Yeah, the character development is so cool.
 I think the cool thing for me was like,
 I love to see that some diagrams, I don't know it,
 but like each of the characters each played,
 like they're a character, but they played a role
 that is like this magnified society
 as like a group almost, right?
 Like they get painted and daggedy,
 and then like,
 - James Taggart.
 - Oh my, Taggart.
 - Like life.
 Like all the people, they were like,
 they were humans, but they were personification
 of like a segment of society, which is really cool.
 And so it's like seeing that,
 where you're getting this like micro versions,
 macro problem, that was cool.
 Because like, I never, again, I don't study politics,
 I'm not deep into it, so I don't know all these things.
 And like you hear this character,
 you hear the story, and I'm like,
 oh my gosh, that represents this group of people that I,
 and so for me it was cool,
 'cause I was able to understand things at a different level.
 And I'm not the best this, but I always try to like,
 put myself in other people's shoes,
 I try to understand like,
 like that's why I'm not super political,
 'cause they get so divisive, and I'm like,
 I see good on both sides, like I understand like,
 I can love people on both sides of it.
 I think it was so cool for me,
 'cause I was able to like,
 you see the pros and cons of each thing, right?
 You see the positive negatives of each belief pattern, right?
 They think we're as much as I related to them.
 It's like, there's the good and evil, right?
 Yagging, there's good and the,
 like all of them have that.
 So like, it was just cool because it gave me this perspective.
 I didn't know of so many different segments of society.
 It made this really cool tapestry and picture for me.
 - Huh, all right, so now the polar opposite,
 like what do you think the book lacked in?
 Or like, like didn't communicate well, or like left out?
 - I think some of you talk about today,
 like I do feel like most of the producers in the book,
 they didn't have the other side of it, right?
 Like the social stuff is important.
 Like, hoping other people is important.
 And I get why she didn't, like I said,
 the Phil Donahue interview, she's like,
 people should be social, but they shouldn't do it with the gun.
 We should ever show that, she didn't show Hank Reardon
 going and like, oh, this is the cause I care about,
 like let me go and--
 - At all.
 - You know, in any part.
 - And I think that stuff's important.
 Like that's why we talk about the political on the left side,
 like they're, what they're trying to do is good.
 It's right, like it's from God, like it's,
 they're so good things, right?
 But there's like, there's ways that people twist
 and all sorts of stuff like that.
 And I wish they would have showed more of that
 because I felt like the characters were one side of it,
 where it's just like, you know, it's like the people
 to the looters or the people that are producers.
 And I feel like there's more blend.
 I think for all of us, we have blends of those things.
 And they do a good job of dissecting.
 - Super, yeah.
 - You know, I think we all have both things.
 Like I wanna give, I wanna serve, I wanna do things,
 but I also wanna produce, I wanna do both those things, right?
 Like what's the world look like
 where we do both those things?
 And I don't know how to, you know,
 in my little universe, I've created it for myself,
 my family, like I'm trying to produce,
 then we got, oh, you are, we got these things.
 Like I'm trying to contribute and trying to do my version.
 What I think is right, right?
 Like all we can do is like what we think is right
 in our own little world that we create.
 And so this is my world life created.
 I'm trying my best to do it.
 And I wish that they would have showed some outside.
 But I think that was the part I felt
 that the characters were missing just that part of it.
 - So what's interesting in Christ's like charity love stuff.
 - Okay, well, and I'm so glad you brought this up.
 What I think is interesting is my takeaway from,
 or like the thing that I felt like the book was like
 the most is nobody had kids.
 - Oh, I didn't think about that.
 - Like think about this.
 Like none of them, like,
 'cause one of my questions to you is gonna be like,
 how has, how has having kids and I kind of have to,
 or like kind of change perspective?
 But I'm like,
 - Interesting.
 - Nobody had kids.
 So like, and, and I don't have kids.
 I'm not married, I don't have kids.
 I'm getting, I'm getting married.
 Yeah.
 Whoo.
 - Shout out to my beautiful fiance.
 All right, but like for me, like I'm so focused on it.
 I'm so focused on it right now.
 So I grew up in a big family, right?
 Eight kids, I'm the oldest living.
 I've won all the brother passed away
 but like six younger siblings.
 And so like, for me, I'm like,
 man, like my whole life changes once there's kids in it.
 And like, I know that even though I haven't experienced it
 'cause I've seen it, right?
 And so for me, and like Lee and I have talked about this,
 like the 20s of us, the 30s are for kids, right?
 Like, and so I'm like,
 I gotta make as much money as I possibly came up for that
 because I haven't even told Klet this.
 I said, if there's one thing that I would sacrifice my career
 for in order to be able to do,
 it'd be like to homeschool my kids.
 Like I can't fathom something like kids to public school,
 but that's just me 'cause I grew up homeschooled or whatnot.
 But like, as I was going through the book,
 I'm like, I can relate to all these people,
 but like they're leaving out this key component.
 Like imagine being hand-greared in
 and like living like with your five kids.
 Or do you have-- - I'm fine.
 - Yeah, yeah, I was gonna say,
 four hours ago, oh my gosh.
 And so like, think about that.
 You know what I mean?
 And so I feel like one of the,
 'cause there's a lot of people that I know
 that have read out and struck, they're like,
 ♪ Heck yeah, man ♪
 ♪ Like it's the greatest book ever ♪
 ♪ Like for a prophet ♪
 - And I'm like, you have like,
 imagine living your life that way with a family.
 Like imagine living your life like that,
 like with the kids and responsibilities.
 Like people that you actually like love.
 How? - Think about this
 'cause like I just give it our timeline
 and it comes back to we talk about
 with greed and contributions, you know,
 or growth and contribution, right?
 So most of us, we get born,
 well, all of us we get born, right?
 All the way to get here, we all get, we all born, right?
 And from like, when you're born, tell your whatever.
 For me, I got married at 22.
 I swear to you, right?
 And so it's like the first 21 years,
 it's all about you, right?
 Like it's selfish, it's just growth.
 It's like whatever, it's like, you, you, you, right?
 And everyone's very inward focused.
 And then all of a sudden you meet this beautiful person
 and then you fall in love, you're like, this is amazing.
 And also what happens is it shifts from you, you to like us.
 And like you're giving, taking, giving,
 and it's cool because like,
 all your focus is on you, it's on somebody else.
 And but their focus on you too.
 And it's like this amazing thing where like,
 I'm giving but I'm also getting it.
 It's like this amazing thing, right?
 It's like this transition that's easing you into kids
 because then kids come out and it flips now where it's like
 the opposite where like you're just serving 100%.
 Especially at the very beginning of the kids.
 Like there's nothing like, I was joking with my kids
 about this one night when they're like,
 why are you guys so mean?
 I'm like, do you realize like, we get no value from this.
 We don't get paid a penny from this.
 Like there's nothing in parenting.
 Like we kill ourselves, we serve, we don't sleep,
 we work, we hate money.
 We get, and that's not true.
 We, there's value to put that.
 (laughing)
 - I was like, I'm just sitting there
 and imagine Russell telling us kids,
 we get no value, you do not pay us.
 (laughing)
 - You know, I'm like, I'm like, I'm killing myself.
 - You're like, you're doing a tax break.
 - Yeah. (laughing)
 - It's just funny 'cause I'm like, you know,
 and so especially in the first board, like they're cute
 and you get lots, but they're in the selfish space now
 where you're giving 100% and they're not giving back
 other than like they give on cute.
 Like, oh, it's so cute.
 But for most parts, like, you have this like training,
 this time where you're selfish and it's like,
 oh, I'm serving somebody else
 but they're serving me an amazing dollar since like
 100% service there.
 And I think that that's a good point.
 Like, hey, career and you've only done this thing.
 And then, you know, you never had a chance to like,
 100% serve somebody else and see what that's like.
 'Cause the value you get as a parent is when you serve
 100% of the kids and you see like who they become.
 And you know, and that's the value.
 But it doesn't come from like the quick pro quo
 that you normally get with like, I'm gonna buy this thing
 or pay for this thing forever, right?
 It's like, I'm gonna serve and serve and serve it
 and eventually hold for some that you should earn
 to be cool and cool.
 - Yeah.
 Well, 'cause I, and that's a super interesting point.
 And maybe that's why she left the part out of it.
 She was like, none of these people would ever have kids.
 - She didn't have kids.
 So that's the big, you know,
 - I didn't realize. - She'd never seen that.
 At least I'm aware of him.
 - That's crazy.
 'Cause what, like I was, you know, going through it
 and I'm like, this book, I think would mean so much diff,
 or like, so like, when I first read it,
 I don't know, like I said,
 whenever I first learned about this back in high school,
 right, like I read it, I was like, I hated reading.
 I publicly, this is actually funny.
 Like, when I graduated high school,
 I bought myself a pickup truck.
 I started on top of the pickup truck
 and I publicly declared it a world
 that I would never read another book ever again in life.
 I hated reading, right?
 And so that's funny 'cause now I'm reading 12 or a week
 about every one of those books back there.
 Like, it didn't really take on the same effect as like now,
 like being an entrepreneur, like being someone
 like I won't put on five employees.
 I'm like 26 years old, but I'm trying to, you know,
 and so like now I'm reading and I'm like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But if I read it with kids,
 I feel like that would even like give me
 a completely different perspective on like it.
 How has having kids changed your,
 'cause you were not from like basically from the one, right?
 Like you never really had a job, right?
 - I've served tables and I've never had a job
 more than three months.
 - Okay, so yeah, so you're a failure
 in the normal society, right?
 You can't hold a job, you're, you know, yeah,
 you get fired forever.
 But like, how has having kids and like having to balance,
 man, like dude, you're running a,
 it could fall out as a billion dollar company, right?
 We're allowed to say that, like that's the thing, right?
 Like roughly, like I'm not off on that.
 All right, the value is basically what you would pay for.
 So hopefully some pay sets.
 - We're gonna say a billion dollar company.
 So like you're running this billion dollar company,
 you've made hundreds of millions of dollars,
 you've been paying a million dollars an hour
 from the stage before, what?
 - By the way, they props and graduations.
 So like how has balancing work now with that,
 like with the kids, like growing up,
 I feel like like now they're at,
 'cause you're older, this is what,
 two old 14, almost 15, right?
 So like how has that changed the way that you do your work?
 Like do you struggle with that?
 Like the balance?
 - Yeah, especially now with like COVID stuff happening,
 kids being homeschooled,
 where now it's like, you can force these to separate.
 So like they're going to school,
 I'm going to hear it, separation is easy.
 Now it's harder 'cause like they're still home
 and it's like, ah, should I be there?
 Like, you know, it's definitely tough.
 And it's interesting, I assume you want to be a reference,
 I always tease them 'cause it's like,
 you don't have any kids and they're doing amazing things.
 I'm like, I'm doing this stuff and I got five kids
 and a beautiful wife and I got callings on my church
 and there's so many things.
 I think it's just, I think I hired a trainer
 and Dave knows a safe trainer.
 I remember when he started working this,
 he said the biggest thing he knows
 when he started working immediately,
 he'll be shocked what your body can actually endure.
 I think the most people don't understand
 what they can actually do.
 Like how do you run a company that's big
 and have a family and have a successful marriage
 and have these like, you can do it.
 And most people don't because they sedate
 and like, I don't watch as far as football at night
 'cause they have all these other things, right?
 Like, I don't know, it's just like,
 if you take away the excuse of sedation,
 like you can produce so much more
 than I think people are able to understand.
 I don't know.
 So it's interesting.
 And then it's been such a weird thing to with kids
 because I think when you first are having kids,
 you assume they're all gonna be like you, right?
 Like, oh, they're all gonna be entrepreneurs
 and so much fun.
 And then I had twins and it was crazy
 and twins about our first two became our twins.
 Now they're, you know, 14, almost 15.
 It's crazy because I assume like,
 it'll be the same, the same as me
 or these same together.
 And they're so polar opposites, right?
 Like, yeah, I didn't even know.
 I just thought out today that they were twins.
 - Yeah, like I had no clue.
 Call us like, yeah, they're both turning 15.
 I'm like, wait, what?
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, each other, act each other.
 And like, one's more entrepreneurial,
 one's more like, you look at like this profile,
 I have a DI, I have an SC, like, oh my God.
 I'm never an extra, like, like all the things are different.
 And I always thought, you know,
 like my kids are not entrepreneurs like me.
 And now it's like, no, I don't think they have to be.
 This kind of goes back to talk about earlier, like,
 you know, with my kids and like, what do you want to do?
 And, you know, I think one of my things
 some of my kids are very entrepreneurial, a lot of them aren't.
 I think some of my kids are super smart hard workers.
 We're going to be amazing at the roles they play
 in something.
 They're going to be a huge part of like changing
 somebody's world, but it's not going to be
 the front person, right?
 And so it's just, it's been interesting watching that
 and fulfilling and hard and all the things wrapped into one.
 You know, it's, I don't know, it's an interesting experience.
 You love it.
 You start having kids right away.
 Yeah, that's not going to happen.
 But why about it?
 You should take some time.
 Okay, but how long did you go?
 How long do you wait?
 Two, see, we had our 18 year anniversary,
 this kid's from 15, so all the three years.
 Yeah, we've tried earlier, but we had fertility drugs,
 stuff like that and everything.
 But yeah, so about two,
 I had two years when we started trying.
 Yeah, I can't, kids scare me, dude.
 And I'll tell you what, so like, it's interesting
 because like I grew up with six younger siblings.
 So like I was definitely old enough to remember
 like the whole diaper phase and like, you know,
 obviously I wasn't the parent with it.
 But like, and the church that I went to,
 like eight was like average to small amount of kids.
 Like a lot of them were like 13 kids, 12 kids, 14 kids,
 whatever, like I think the smallest in our whole church
 was four, like, like, and they were the weird ones, right?
 The only four kids were wrong with me.
 And so it's like everywhere we went,
 that's just like what it was.
 And so for me, like I had that rebellion phase, if you will,
 which I don't know if I call it rebellion phase,
 but like, where I was like, I don't want any of this.
 Like why would you, like they're expensive
 and they like suck all the time.
 And like, I can't go do this.
 I'm like, I want to be so filthy rich
 before I go like for having kids.
 And so, and I like taught Sunday school
 and like was very involved in like the church growing up
 and things like that.
 And so for me, it was like, I want to go build my business
 like building on like doing that.
 It's like more fun.
 The interesting thing about kids,
 and I told my parents this, I don't remember what it was,
 but like my parents are not like my parents aren't like super
 like wealthy or like successful
 when it comes to business or anything like that.
 But like I look up my parents as like some of the most
 successful people that I've ever met in my life
 because like my mom's favorite,
 if there's like little things that my mom
 like tells me over and over and over again.
 And she's like, one of her favorite lines is
 the only thing I need to know in life is like,
 I just need to know that my children walk in truth, right?
 And I'm like my mom, particularly and my dad too,
 like both of them, but like I relate it with my mom
 and she keeps saying it is like,
 my mom's definition of success and like achievement was
 do my children walk in truth, do my children walk.
 Like that is what was success to her.
 And like she's like, you can take, you know,
 like yeah, money would have been great.
 Like all these different things, but like that was like
 kind of this pinnacle of success for her is like,
 do my kids like walk in truth.
 And so as I have gone through my own journey of faith,
 which has been, I mean, it has been rough at times, right?
 Like I've watched her like struggle with it and like
 freak out because she's like, I just want it.
 I'm like, but it's not like that's not her journey to bear.
 But like it is like at the same time.
 And so it's always been interesting.
 Like kids are like this thing where I feel like
 once I have them, obviously they're,
 I'm there for the rest of my life.
 But like I feel like there's this stress or like this new,
 there's this new piece of my life that's unlocked
 that like I've never explored before.
 I don't know anything about it, right?
 And I'm like afraid of the right word,
 but I'm like pushing that off that is as long as I possibly
 can because once that's open, then I never get to close it again.
 And like that mystery is almost like fun to like look forward to.
 But at the same time, be like, I get to focus on it.
 I mean, yeah.
 - Essentially, I remember thinking about it a lot,
 switch for a few years and I was like,
 this is so much harder than what I thought it was going to be.
 Like flat out, I was just like, I thought it was going to be,
 you know, way harder.
 And also my feeling and saying,
 I thought like this is so much cooler than I ever dreamt of.
 So it was like this double edge sort of like,
 man, I didn't realize how tired and like worn out
 like all these things, but then like,
 so much better than I thought.
 And it's funny because I had a lot of friends like,
 well, what do you think my kids are like,
 I don't think, I don't know, it's different.
 Like I would just have kids like, you can do both.
 It's not impossible, especially when they're first born,
 they just sit there and they're like, you know,
 and I would throw, I'd spend a year or two and just nod.
 - Right, right, right.
 - But like I wouldn't wait until like,
 oh, I need a million bucks in the bag.
 People all the time like, I have,
 I know people who are broke to have eight kids like just,
 they're not that expensive, right?
 Like, Cheerios are not that expensive.
 Like if you need to, you know, like,
 it's just being willing to be there
 and be loving and being present for as much as you can.
 Another thing that's been interesting,
 especially now when our kids are in teenagers
 and it's like so much harder.
 Like that's been harder.
 It's like, really, that's harder than my young.
 - Oh, for sure.
 Yeah.
 - It's days over and you're just laughing.
 It's different.
 Oh gosh, what am I in for today?
 Oh no.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, the young heart is like, I'm tired.
 Like, that's a hard part when you're young.
 When they're older, it's just like,
 my messy kids up, like,
 I just want them to be successful.
 Like, that's the bigger fear.
 And it was interesting.
 I remember the little thing that gave me some grace,
 like Tom Billie, I heard,
 it was Instagram post-the-ad and him talking
 about how being a parent.
 And it was so funny 'cause he's like,
 who here is scared that you were gonna,
 you know, f up your kids?
 That was how he would have said it.
 - Right, yeah.
 - You're gonna have to say,
 "Who's the mess of your kids?"
 And everyone's hands were like, yeah, I'm scared.
 And he's like, guess what?
 - Yeah, make sure he gets right.
 He's like, "My parents messed me up.
 "Your parents are like,
 "You're gonna mess your kids up."
 But guess what?
 We turned out okay in the end.
 Like, just be okay in fact,
 you're gonna mess your kids up 'cause you are.
 And I remember I was like, okay.
 Like, everyone messed up their kids.
 Like, that's part of it.
 Like, that's part of the whole journey.
 And it's like, that's part of it.
 And I think it gave me some grace to just like,
 look, I'm gonna do my best.
 I'm probably gonna mess them up.
 But at the same time, like, you have to have faith,
 like, they're gonna do their thing.
 And they're gonna hopefully make good decisions.
 And if not, that's why we have God.
 That's why we have repentance away.
 All these things, you know,
 and just kind of leave it to him and, you know, your best.
 - Hey everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere
 between 10 and 30 minutes every single day,
 answering questions through text message
 to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing,
 pull your phone out and actually text me a message, okay?
 Now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone.
 And then it'll send you back a message
 where you can add me to your phone.
 And then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community,
 is where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag,
 giving you away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings,
 about times I'm coming to your local area,
 and a whole bunch more.
 So I wanna make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out
 my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone
 and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
