 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and I want to welcome you first off the marketing secrets podcast and second off to the last
 Part of our five-part out the shrug interview series
 The exciting conclusion at this time we've been going for like three plus hours
 I was really really tired if I sound like I am kind of out of it because I was probably a little bit out of it
 We started the interview like eight or nine o'clock at night
 So this is probably midnight or so the night before I'd slept three hours the two nights for us three and a half out
 Three hours and twelve minutes. I remember I wear an order ring so track my sleep cycle
 So the night for I slept three hours and twelve minutes tonight before this is like five hours
 So I was tired. I was worn out, but I still have a lot of fun with it
 I think Josh is a great interviewer and I think we had a lot of fun talking about all this stuff
 So with that said you guys hope you enjoyed this interview series and when we come back in theme song
 You have a chance to jump right into the exciting conclusion part five of the Atlas Shrugged interview
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 So one of the things you talk about in well actually extra extra secrets, but I think it
 I think they mentioned it she kind of mentioned in this book too is like
 creating belief by like looking up to somebody and like
 If you can't see it if like nobody else has done it it's hard for you
 People to kind of like imagine it and grain it
 It's like who do like for me I look up it at I'm like who I want to be like who what business I want
 I'm like okay cool like you and your books like I want to be like that type of it here
 And then like for Katie Richards is another one I'm like being a powerful person just in general
 Like okay, like these are like the people that I like look up to and I'm like okay
 Like that's where I'm going towards so if like for you who are those people like in your life
 They you like look up to and you're like okay like that's
 That's because I feel like the higher you get and I mean you're not all the way up the ladder
 Right like there's no play more but like you're way above where the average person is gonna get you the average person has a lot
 People they could look up to like you
 There's a lot less options. I feel like like who are those people that like you look up to and go okay
 Like that's what I'm trying to be more like or that's where I learned my lessons from yeah
 These are parts of my life for different people to yeah like I look at the business side
 I need the companies I aspire to be like sales force shop by hub spot
 I go to companies like the next year
 But from where we are that that they've crossed the chasm where we're still trying to figure out how to
 That next year right yeah, I think watching them has been that's what we said we go to dream
 Dreamforce two years and roads because I wanted to I talked about actually my podcast
 Yeah, I was out there like I needed to see it so I understand it because like I
 Remember when I was wrestling my dad my freshman year took us to the rest
 I just started wrestling he took us to stay turn and I saw this guy my team would stay and I was like that's what I want
 Yeah, exactly what yeah, yeah, I've got my goal
 And I was like yeah, you have to see it to do it so I think for me like
 Those are kind of the business level up to people. I mean Tony
 From I can influence like people speaking Tony still to me is like
 Bigger than him right right right or better and like the fact I've had a chance to build a friendship with him
 It's really cool because I it's been interesting to see him not on stage
 You know I mean like everyone has chance to see him on stage
 He's the best in world on there
 But then you see him offstage and see like who really is and it's just cool to see that
 I don't know somebody's been doing this for that long consistently who still cares who's still doing this
 It doesn't need money, but he still is doing events almost every day of the year because he like
 You know he wants that so I think you can stop
 Yeah, and I get like I have so much respect for that saying that's a big thing
 Yeah, just different areas like there's different people but
 What's it like hard and hard to get closer and closer to because I like seeing I like understanding them not just from like the
 You know the the outside but I understand from inside because it's just it's a different different perspective. You know I mean
 Yeah, what is it like like what is Tony like
 Honestly, he's like a little kid who went to his house and I
 Can't talk with the details. They have slide in his house
 He went down the slide with us and just was really cool and like
 We had a chance to go with him and did a meditation thing and and like the way he served us when we were with him at his
 House you can tell it's how he wishes you could serve everybody
 You know in the night
 This is hard like you saw like he's in this room serving us and like he's crying and you see his emotion
 You're like oh my gosh like he would do this for everyone because I can't so that's why he's doing these big scale things
 Best week and he can do that
 I think if he if he could he would do that for every single humanly good. They just it's really I don't know
 It's it's it's cool. There's been a lot of situations. I've been around him where he could have not
 You could easily I turned it off
 Like you know, but it it it's sincere. I guess like you don't turn off. Hmm. You know, I mean and I tried I
 Try to be that way as much as I can and hopefully you've seen that
 My kids. Yeah, yeah for sure. I tried to try to obviously like there's Russell's a more introverted more reserved than Russell's gonna be like
 Well, but it's still like the same
 Hopefully like I want to be driven like that like I respect him because he's in every situation
 I've seen him he's always been
 Yeah, which is not I can't say about most people are you know, I just yeah for sure
 It's unfortunate because it's just like you were I remember one time I was in an event and I heard guys speak is awesome
 And like he breaks down crying in the middle of the event in middle of the speech
 I was like this guy's great. He got stage and he looks me like he's like
 We say something like yeah pull up a pull up the fake tears again. I was like what I got members feel like
 I just felt so sick like I would like how someone do that like not usually all proud of like I got him with my
 With my thing like I just remember feeling so
 Just dirty and like I just didn't like that so I don't want to be that way I want to be I don't want people saying like oh
 Like I Russell's different in you know here than here like I don't want people saying that yeah
 Like one consistent person like the same person on an off stage. Yeah, like there's certain people that like you just know
 Like you meet them and they're just they're genuine all the way through right?
 I try to think like Catherine Jones right for example like she's awesome right we had dinner with her and
 Well, I had dinner with her and it's a friend. I'm just saying yeah
 Her and some friends when I was in in Utah last and like like I I've had her as a client
 I watch her and speak because they should find a lot of live
 I'd like had dinner with her and it's like it is the same person right and like when you and there are people like that
 And they're rare that I really do that
 That's people say they can never want to meet your mentors because they're gonna just point you yeah because of that because it's like oh
 You know it's pistol and you seem real life like huh?
 Well, that's this point then that you need it gates all the stuff
 That's maybe things that I don't want somebody who like I gave them something like that helped them and then they seem
 Real life and say oh and it gates. Yeah, you just gave them which it does right it really does because it takes away the trust factor
 Yeah, it's just like I
 don't know
 So I think I was nervous meeting Tony the first time so my what if
 Yeah, okay, and see him
 Both of the times over and over and over and you're like cool
 Like it's just neat to see that so what's interesting is one of my biggest reservations about Tony
 before like
 you
 Fought a hike alive was actually the thing that like warmed me up to Tony
 Because I didn't really know a whole lot like I never experienced Tony like I have it like a funnel hiking lab or like anything like that
 like so crazy like you walk into the room when he's talking and it's like
 Feel the energy nobody Earth has presence like that it is insane like everyone like tells you about it
 But like you don't really believe it until you experience it and I remember actually is in Orlando
 The first time like when he was down there whatever and I remember he came like he was in the like
 I was in the room when he entered and like energy obviously just like when anybody walks on stage was like
 You know crap cramped up but then like he just went into his normal talking and I remember leaving the room
 And like most people like you walk in and you feel it and I remember like opening that door and like shutting it and like
 the whole like my whole body like shifted out of this high energy state the low energy state
 I felt like if I was in that room, I could literally go forever, right?
 Like it was just this non-stop source of energy, but what's interesting about Tony is like
 Tony doesn't really talk about God, which is super interesting like I
 Don't know what faith Tony is and maybe maybe he's talked about it and like you know something about that
 And so for me like one of the biggest struggles that I had because well
 Like growing up and like when I first left the house when I first got into entrepreneurship
 I like really wrestled with God, right? Especially you know like
 Going through the death my brother like was actually ironically the thing that brought me back to God
 But like I really really wrestled at that and so for Tony it was like he's got all this energy
 He's connecting this higher source things like talking about all these things
 But like he never like he never ties it to anything like he never gives credit to well in my this story
 I'm playing myself. You know at the time. He's never giving credits like this higher
 Thing like where's that all come from and then like the more I got to know Tony not personally
 But like through his work and like they're watching his videos and like saying my phone like alive
 I'm like I don't know what it is that he believes I've never except on and if I ever get to interview him
 I'm absolutely asking him that question, but like whatever that is I
 Don't think it's possible to be in congruent because it's like it's I don't know
 It's it's not of earth almost it's like it's tap you're tapping into something that isn't like in order to operate at that level
 You can't be selfish like you know I mean
 Do you do you sense that with him at all like yeah, and it's you know I think
 And I'm sure you've seen it before like you talk political and like your eyes is cut in half right yeah for him
 He's he's traveling such a world with a global thing
 I mean Tony is Christian, but it's tough because he's like half the world he speaks to are not Christians right
 He draws that line because he's one alien people like I'm here to serve God in
 Send me serve a certain group is to serve everybody. I think
 That that's my guess is why he doesn't anchor that in as a hard thing right is his audience is so massive
 But he definitely if you ask him like he definitely knows where it's coming from you know I mean he's he's wherever he talks about it
 he's
 In the first time he told me he's like it's funny because I I experienced this myself and didn't had words to put you
 He's like I come on stage. I have a plan everything's there start talking and also like something comes through me
 And he's like he's like it never comes out the way that I plan but it always comes out perfect
 he's like as long as I follow that he's like it always just works out perfect and
 I think so many times right you know like again
 I start talking about something I don't know where I'm going like why am I talking about this and then all sense like oh wow
 And there's somebody like that was the thing that connected in form you know
 I mean I think the more that you tap into that the more again it comes back talk about before like before you do that
 You know God's giving you this like this thing and if you have stewardship over it and you use it
 He'll give it to you more and you it's Tony now who's been doing it for
 40 years
 It's actually interesting super interesting you say that so literally so every Tuesday I meet with Katie right
 then we have a one-on-one call and we talk for an hour and
 One of the topics of conversation was I was like Katie
 We were actually talking about like getting ready for this interview
 I was like I don't feel nervous at all right and I'm like and I'm like I'm getting so many texts and DMS
 Whatever like oh my gosh, you're nervous like what do you mess up like like so many different things right?
 And I'm like I don't feel any of that right like I feel like this is just like all right cool
 I'm flying after us. We're gonna hang out it's gonna be great. We're gonna come and I'm like so why
 Like why is everybody else telling me I should be nervous right like what like why is that a thing right?
 I wanted to think that she said was like and being who you are like being your person knowing yourself
 I'm like doing this one of the things that we talked about was like some of the things that you have to accept by faith
 And I was really wrestling with this idea of like am I supposed to be prepared like in my like Russell Voxing
 He was like this is the first interview he's ever prepared for I'm like I just read the book
 I don't have any nose prepared for I was gonna show up and talk right like that's what I do
 And she's like but that's your superpower like that and sometimes you have to just have faith and
 the
 she's like you
 Prepare 80% of the way and like leave the 20% up to God and she's like and most people are not gonna understand that and
 For a lot of people that's gonna freak it out
 But she's like how many times have you prepared something a hundred percent? You knew everywhere you're gonna say and I'm like very little
 She's like well think back one of times you did like okay
 She's like how to go it's like well terrible
 It's like some of my worst person like the most prepared I come the most the biggest little flop
 Yeah, right she's like and the least you prepare sometimes you're getting confident you do your best turns out amazing
 Like yeah, just because that's what Tony's talking about like it just comes over you
 It's like if you have faith that when you show up and become like you are the best person in yourself
 You show up the most prepared you can be and you just fully embrace that and have faith for the rest like
 God the universe whatever you want call it like works arrested out. Yeah, I mean
 Yeah, that's why before I do anything I pray before I pray for this call I
 For this interview before I step on stage every single time because it's a big part of it's like
 You know without without that like what gives your words
 You know I mean if you're if you're doing it with with the spirit with God we recall
 You know for me as a spirit you with spirit then it'll touch people in a way
 You can't spare words alone and so I always ask that and I look for help and I remember
 I think Stephen Larson the first time he was working for me
 We did our first event in the room over here and I remember before I would do the events myself
 He started working for me and I was in the back here
 I was saying a prayer and he walked in he's like oh, sorry. He's like that's cool. Like what he's like you prayed before you go out there
 I was like, oh, yeah, like I'm not gonna have to provide myself like you know, I I'm not that good
 so I need help and
 shows up when you
 Alright, I have two questions that I want to ask you before you get like kind of go to rap
 I don't kind of bring this to a close. I don't know we could probably go all night, but
 He's gonna see people about you want to go to bed. How much longer do we go for it? You guys liking this comment down below
 Let's know give some feedback
 Do you like it do you not like it?
 What are thoughts we've been going for about three hours?
 Yeah, I figured at least gonna go at least this long I guarantee some of you guys are like I agree with everything to me
 I agree with half this but like I don't understand what they're saying. I agree with nothing
 That's okay. There's nothing like again our goal is not to motive like
 Was not to try to convince you guys of anything
 That's not my goal our goal is to like flush out these ideas and hopefully you guys come on the journey and get some cool ideas from it
 And see how we how we perceive life, you know, I think
 I think with spassanies everybody
 Everybody has such a different perspective on life and so many times we hear something else
 Perspective we get offended. It's like yeah
 What if you didn't get offended and just listen to their perspective and maybe you don't listen everything
 You're like, oh, I'm gonna take that and that those are two things were really cool for me
 Just like just don't pay attention to the rest of it
 Right, so I'm sure if you pay attention everything that we both said you probably got offended at least 12 times
 But if you're like, I'm just gonna take the gold that's good for me and then leave everything else inside like you got a dozen amazing things
 That you can you can use hopefully so
 All right, so my next question is who you voting for?
 Years ago, so I'm a big Jack Bauer fan and I bought
 Jack Bauer for president shirts and I that whole day. I was like instagramming and Facebooking
 I'm writing in Jack Bauer. I'm writing in Jack Bauer and I would have a huge real human, but anyway, that's funny
 Who is it? Oh, Leah? I was talking around the way we were driving the airport. We're talking about Joe Rogan
 and
 Because Joe Rogan is it's so funny because people like Trump retweeted one of his tweets and like Joe Rogan's a big liberal
 Right like even said he's gonna vote for Bernie before you know Biden to game the nominee, right?
 And so like I feel like a lot of Trump supporters like yeah, Joe Rogan's like a Trump fan like Jordan is not a Trump
 fan, right? Like that's not at all it is and so we're like who do you think he's gonna vote for?
 I was like if if I was like a betting man
 I would bet that he vote for he votes for Kanye that he wrote him because he does this three-hour interview and like Kanye answers
 If you watch the interview, I mean, I know it's three hours of your time
 You'll probably never get to it
 But like it is a fascinating interview and like yes
 He keeps trying to bring Kanye back to like like if you were president
 Like what would you do because Kanye is like I'm gonna be president
 It's not a matter of if it's a matter of just like when right like if I don't win this year
 I'm gonna for sure win in 2024 like I love your coffee
 Anyway, like so like Kanye answers these things questions like completely differently and so anyway
 I don't know that but my real question for you
 So so you can go along on these we can go wrap up our questions on either way
 Alice rubbed got the world eyes shoulders. You feel that how do you deal with that responsibility?
 Like because I'm sure there's been times
 I know my own life with my three to five little people that I'm managing some contracts
 I'm like oh my gosh if I had to take one more thing I'm just gonna explode right like we don't so like how do you
 how do you deal with that pressure and
 not like one of the things that I've had to learn how to do is I don't know if anger's the right word but like deal with my
 not taking out my frustration on somebody else right like
 God bless Leah right like she knows me super super well and like she knows the moods where it's like
 Don't ask him a question
 Like avoid it and like let him cool off because if like you say the wrong thing right now
 I'm just gonna in inadvertently take it out on her right now
 And I like I've had to like learn and like balance that and like communicate how do you deal with all that pressure and still
 You got 400 people looking up to you and I don't talk to him every day, but like that's a lot
 Yeah, that's just employees and you have the community and right yeah, it gets heavy a lot and I think
 It's funny because as you read the book, you know, Alice or I walked away from the thing right and I think for me
 Like I don't I don't want to walk away. You know, I mean, I don't think
 That's that's a big thing and like I think the first part is that I was thinking about it like that
 Because I'm a big believer this for me is a calling
 It's a man to like this is this is what I've been called to do this time of life
 And so it's like as heavy as it gets
 It's like man think about other people and throughout time who had to carry a burden
 They didn't want to lift right there's there's tons of them
 So I think about that a lot
 I reach out to other people who are producers, right? No, I've heavy you can ask Garrett white every time I'm like
 stressing out the max I text Garrett and I'm like, hey, man
 Life's heavy just thinking about you and he always sends back something about like dude
 You realize how you've changed my leg just seems like that that just it's just like okay
 It's worth it like thank you and then in boxer whenever someone's boxes me something like like this success sort of like dude
 Just you know, but what and box you can start things
 So I have a whole starred menu of all the people that like have told me how how the fact I'm carrying this has changed
 Their life so I'll listen to those and listen to four or five or six of them and eventually when I hear those things it gets lighter
 And so that's a big thing for me is just that Dave
 One of my I'm sure Dave still here not but Dave's my best friends
 Now Dave one of my favorite humans. Yeah, now he's anyway
 You know, he's carrying a lot of pressure now to you day
 I don't know if you knew his days like the the CEO now cliff on he's taking over a huge part of my responsibility
 And he's carrying he's moving in the CEO role. Yeah, is he or is moving into it is it officially and now?
 Yeah, internally and he's congratulations day man looking back now so I should have five years ago
 He's so much better than me at at it than I am but like I see him
 I see Todd I see they keep on team or carrying weight and like having other people
 The people you're doing this with besides yourself helps a lot
 So I think that's a big part of it. He was just like I don't know if it was just me like that
 Eventually I should walk away
 But I know that there's a dozen other people all holding that up as well and like that helps a lot as well
 Because you know you got in alone, you know, like I was told Dave I'm like man
 I was going to war like I I would bring you like just cuz like I want you the trenches with you
 I mean and like knowing that Martin alone helps a lot
 So I think a lot of times it's those things when you're doing it by yourself like that's that's when it's hard
 Yeah, I try to not and I think our default human
 Thing is like isolate and like take the pressure and pain is like and just for me as an intro like I'd rather isolate but I try
 Specifically when I get to heavy is like, okay, I can't isolate or yeah
 Yeah, I reach out and and that helps me a lot to be able to sustain stuff
 That's rapid fire question if you will
 what
 Success takes sacrifice so like
 A-managing click fun. I was obviously like you love it
 But like what things are you not able to do or do you wish you were able to do more of that?
 You are not able to because of the role that you play a club. Yeah
 Stuff like this
 You know like I feel bad as so people ask for podcast interviews and things like that like people
 I love to do with it. There's just like there's a lot of time. I think I
 Miss when we were first growing like funnels and started something we're coming in in the mornings
 I mean like what should we do today and like thinking about and brainstorming like I miss that part of like now you come in
 It's like all right. There's 8,000 things you got to do and it's like, okay, you know, I miss those parts of it
 I miss just like I don't know I miss not being able to turn it off
 But I think I don't know it would be nice
 I guess alex sharpened thing about like you don't want to turn off and I don't know why would there's there's times where
 And this is dorky. This is like the cheesiest thing remember watching the last
 Endgame vendor endgame. Oh, yeah, and the end when iron man dies and and um
 What's new pepper pots, right? Yeah, but she's like which is like you can you can rest now. I remember hearing that I was just like
 Like I start crying. I was just like
 I feel like I want to rest sometimes. I don't know how or when or like like I
 Desire that like I don't know how because it's like there's so much stuff and so many things and and I think I
 I don't know I won't put up my words. It's like whatever the whatever the again the end of the bootstrap book
 I don't know where what happens, but yeah, I mean it's time for the time where it's just like oh
 We did it like it's weird because in wrestling there was a thing where you get your hand raised and yeah, like the rest
 Business I haven't found that like it's just this constant thing where you have you have pictures and stuff, but you never
 You know again wrestling is like you cut away all week you trade you practice and you go out there head to head
 You wrestle your hand raised you got to eat and you relax you sleep that weekend and money you get back to work
 Like I don't think in business there's never been that like oh you think it exists
 I don't know
 I think
 I assume when people sell a business or some of that but most people I know have sold a business
 It's harder because it's like sometimes it's taking your thing that your identity is tied to it
 So that scares me too. And so I don't know
 And that's something I don't know if it's like is when I died. I'm like, oh, you know, like iron man. I don't know but like
 I don't know someday like
 I desire that. I don't know how to get it, but I bet something I'm looking at like how do you how do you get that?
 How do you get that release to get me? Just like I did a good job, you know, I think funnel hiking live is probably the closest to that
 Yeah, that's what I said where after ends, but then also sometimes like
 Two years ago, and it's am I controversial and I got blown up for like three or four days
 And I remember just like I remember I was like this sucks like I just killed myself and now
 I've been like defending myself for three days because of some other speakers who said something but I wish they wouldn't know
 but they did and
 You know and yeah, some of the things like that are hard, but huh?
 Anyway, are we having a long life this year?
 or next year?
 Yeah, we're
 We're we're in a contract battle with
 Uh with Nashville where we've done the last two years
 I was just ago there again this year
 Typically takes us nine months before knocking live
 Obviously because of everything we haven't you were like three months out from when it was supposed to be and there's no way I can feel it in time
 Plus I don't think we're gonna come to there and so we're trying to like push that contract for another year and then doing a hybrid something in between
 Um, so far we haven't even got a contract versus
 Anyway, so something will happen
 And I'm dying to not announce yet because I don't have finality yet, but some some
 What you mean you can't break something right here
 I'm one o'clock in the morning eastern time. We love to do some kind of hybrid something
 Essentially because we spoke I spoke at tony's thing. We had the big intern. Yeah, how is that?
 It was really cool and hard because
 At first you come out and you're like in this room with their spaces everywhere
 Oh, that's amazing. But we're speaking in event you ship from like you're looking different people
 Which is yeah fun here if you look at people it looks like you're looking at this
 So you have to look at the camera so you have a million faces ever and you have to look right?
 Oh my god
 And they ever do weird things and like so it's kind of hard because like I have to look here else
 It looks like I'm not connected to you
 but like there's so much happening that I want to like
 So that's crazy. It was almost not
 I don't know if dizzy is the right word but something that we were like
 Anyway, it was it was kind of it was different. It was hard to get used to. Yeah
 But uh
 Anyway, uh, he's building a new place is three times as big where he's gonna have a hybrid
 It's like half is half is that half the stadium
 He says something and she's like he's like this year's a year virtual next year's the year of hybrid
 So I'm trying to figure out our version of that and I don't know what that is yet hybrid being part-wide part. Yeah
 Yeah, because I never wanted to make fun of like live virtual ever because like, you know, the thing
 but I also want to make it
 Yeah, anyway, so
 I'm hoping I hope in the next um next couple weeks have
 Some finality on that contract so we can start the next whatever the process looks like
 So it'll be some version of 2021 for sure. Cool for people who want to travel who'll be able to travel
 All right. Awesome. Two more questions. Got one. What is one thing that
 people don't know about you
 Like what's over what's all Russell runs and thing that like is it pretty like different part of who you are that like the people don't know
 huh
 Public about everything
 Um, are you?
 Question have you learned anything about me since you've been here in our yeah a couple of days. Yeah a couple of things
 Yeah, more more from your wife now
 She's telling all all the good stuff
 Also, your kids are fascinating. Yeah, yeah, I talked to them for five 10 15 minutes
 Like these are the coolest. I think my biggest fear in life is that I am not going to
 I'm not gonna be the dad that they need, you know, I mean like
 um
 I don't know if you said when I accused me like like
 I don't know being being apparently way harder than I thought I was gonna be I thought I was gonna be amazing at it
 Like I can influence thousands of people at once but like the person you care about and love the most
 um
 And seeing them my wife like I think those are my biggest fears like I don't want to mess up the family and
 And it's it's it's weird because it's like
 Again, I feel like all my superpowers are like my kryptonite and in a family, you know what I mean?
 Yeah, and so I think I struggle with that a lot of times which is like now I'm such a good communicator
 I think
 Right, you can't get messages and I struggle communicating with the people of the most
 So I think that's uh, that's the thing. I'm scared to death of cats and dogs. I will not touch them. Really?
 Yeah, I won't touch any animal. They're disgusting to me like
 And the I'm allergic to cats, but the way it came about is um
 When I was in high school the girl I was dating she had a cat and then went out to town
 She's like you can watch my cat and I was like, okay
 So I came in and the cats like rubbing against me so I was like petting it because I'm like, I never had an animal before right?
 I'm petting it and I swole shut for three days
 Three is there if I open again and the white part was all blood red
 And I'm just animal sensing. I like you can watch my in lots have cats. I walking outside stand that I won't send the couch
 just because
 Because we'll break out in allergies if they can dog her is up to me like everyone
 Like you'll see how it's gonna turn my like don't touch me like anyway. I don't like animals, but she can eat them
 So there's something people are there you go who who to guess who to guess all right
 Last question final question and uh I asked this to I think I think I have asked this to you before but now we're here
 We're in person or we're talking
 I want you to pass forward to the end of your life when you are on your deathbed and I want you to like
 All your money and success and fame and influence like it's all gone
 But like you've influenced a lot of people and like you get to leave them with a final message that like kind of defines
 Like not what you took away from life, but like the message that you feel like you should like put on to some like
 Pass on to it for generations to come like what would you want to be defined by like?
 What would you want that message to be for people to remember you by? It's cool
 Um
 And I'm hoping
 I'm hoping that like when we die we go to our maker. I'm hoping that
 We get a glimpse of like what our life actually did, you know, like the ripple effect
 If you know, um, it's wonderful life. Yeah, it seems was life before after i'm hoping we all just get experience because
 You have no idea what you're actually doing with it, but like i'm sure what we're all doing is
 Anyway, i'm praying that we get that moment because that would be anyway, but I think my message that's so cool
 Yeah, can you imagine that like that'd be wild. Yeah, we need to do we need to do a podcast
 Just about like our fate. Yeah, that would be cool. That would be our next one. Yeah next one
 We'll fly out here for a little bit about just about god
 Faith, I'll be fun. Um, but I think for my message like I would leave out is I think that
 um
 Again
 The type of actually we talked about initially, you know, I think a lot of us start these businesses or start whatever
 We're trying to whatever we're called to do is like we started initially got agreed, right?
 Now man like we have these desires that make us want to do stuff, right?
 and um
 And I think for me when I first got started this business
 I thought it was to make money and all these kind of things and I saw like even I started to impact my business school
 This is cool, but um it wasn't until I had a coach a few years ago. She's amazing
 and I remember um
 She asked me about like what I think god thinks about my business. I'm like, why would he care about this like
 Here's about my how to live my life and keep the commandments and stuff that I wanted to care about this and she's like
 Don't you see it? I'm like see what she like
 You don't see like what he's like
 Like who you've become like what had his hand in your life. Yeah, and it and it never across my mind
 and like she started like helping me understand like
 like
 Like this thing that you're doing. It's not just like to make money
 This is the calling this is like a literal like you would call of god to do the thing and the ripple effect
 And people's lives are changing even though you you're like you're helping people start business to build fun
 It seems seems like like it doesn't matter
 But it does because it frees people and then they can change people's lives and like the ripple effect is huge
 And she helped me to understand that day in a in such a profound way that just like these things that we're doing like it's
 It's a literal calling from god. I think if I was on my death that I would I would want people to know like when you feel that
 That tug or that nudge that thing
 That starts on this journey. That's not just like oh be fun. I'll make some money or whatever. It's like
 It's literally god like giving you something like
 This is your stewardship like do something with it like see what it is
 I think if you realize that like since I've realized that like it's been
 It's been different like now that I know that it's like okay. I'm gonna run as hard as I can because this is not just an idea
 I had this is this is a gift and it's like you test like what am I doing with this?
 And then you when you look at if not lens
 It's like man you can do and create you you you have more faith in yourself because it's not yourself, right?
 Like like I get scared every time I get on stage. I got nervous before this like I get
 You probably could be probably confident because you're in the stage front 35
 I freak out in front of like 20 people like I get so nervous
 But I'm like I know that I can do it because this is a calling that was given and he's not going to give me something
 I can't do and so I think that if I could help people understand I'm a wet right way to articulate it
 but I think if everyone understood that like
 Like how real that actually is it make you run hard or make you work harder and make you
 Braver and make you have more courage more like all the things you need to get that message out because
 You were called like there's a literal calling and um and you're probably not worthy of it yet like when you get it
 You're not worthy like he uh, they say he qualifies who he calls right like they cannot qualify right now
 But like the the active you moving forward is what qualifies you right?
 What prepares you for the calling and um, I think that if people understood that man
 People would focus so much less on themselves and on their situation and just like all right
 Here's the baton run right? Yeah, you start running you would do it perfect faith because you know it's from from somebody beside yourself
 And I think people understood that and believe that it would be it would change everything
 Russell, thank you so much, man. Yes, this is so much fun
 I'm so glad we really make this happen. How long do we have to do like what where we at?
 We're at three hours and 18 minutes. Yeah, and we're still here three hours and 20 minutes. I think we'll stay here
 Yeah, we got yeah quite a bit. Thanks for having me man. This was this. Thanks for coming all the way out here for this
 Yeah, of course
 Yeah, I want to know the comments now
 What do you guys think of the interview? Yes good bad thumbs up rated on a scale from one to ten on a scale from one to ten
 Give us a rating one of ten grussles cool, but now I think he's crazy or I used to think grussles crazy now
 I think he's cool like I'm good with all those things. He's curious. Also god bless you
 God bless your wisdom and mission. Okay. Thank you so much. This is amazing. Myles are here. What's up?
 Let's yeah, let's go. What's up, jay to smiley great stuff. Awesome. I love it. I love it. I can do a 1000
 We got 1000 out of 10 that's pretty darn good. It's really good 12 12 out of 10
 Oh, so friend. What's up, man?
 All right, we're gonna have to do this again. Sometimes we can sit down talking about god that one
 We're really gonna have to get back for oh, you know, you know, Nick Robbins
 Not something ahead. All right. Um, he's like kind of in the click from his world like he ran an agency
 Sold it but like still remain a partner and then like got bored and then like came back into it
 Anyway, so he and I had a three three and a half hour
 conversation about god so like it's interesting because
 Can I actually have a lot of similar beliefs, but he doesn't believe in god like so he's like yeah
 I think there's something up there and it's like something intelligent or whatever
 And so like we added like he uses language and like I don't typically like so like we had all this big long huge debate
 So
 I think my most fascinating conversation ever had was uh with Howard Berg Wolf fastest reader
 Yeah
 Yeah a couple times we've hung out you really you're gonna have 30,000 books. I was like
 I was like I can ask this guy any question I want and and so I asked him. I was like, what's your opinion on god?
 And I remember you told me is because like again
 Religion or usually causes fights because like why believe you know, it's so cool because he's like
 Well, most people read one book and then that they base their belief on god on this one book
 He's like I've read I can't remember was like 1200 books on god from every perspective
 He's like based on that this is what I believe it's just like so cool to see that
 I think I give all of us a set of us just like this is my way. This is my way
 It's like let's just hear even if you complete like I completely disagree with so many people's opinion
 But I still hear because again like what like there's why do they believe that there's something there's a reason why they believe that like I want to understand that
 Um anyway, it's just that's my big thing
 But my big thing is like and that's one of the hardest things for me is figuring out
 Like my beliefs is always changing. This is probably the reason I started the podcast. I just want to like talk to people right now that
 If I'm wrong
 Like I'm so excited whenever someone comes in is like you're wrong and here's why and I'm like
 Oh my gosh. Thank you so much. I know what I'm on to next. Yes, right?
 Why everybody else like I don't want to be wrong
 I'm like if somebody comes in like proves my idea wrong like my ideas are pretty thought through
 I'm a really thought through a person like I know why I believe what I believe not just what I believe
 Right. So it's something like no longer like challenge that and that's like one of the things that like it was so attractive to me about leah
 It's like leah like leave smart like she challenged like even believes that
 Like she didn't even agreed with like she played the devil's advocate and like change it like challenge it
 I'm like that's what I like. I want to grow and expand like that so anyway, yeah
 All right, russell. Thank you so much, man super super appreciate it
 Um guys as always
 Also hustle god bless don't be anything different and who knows you might just end up in a chair next to russell ronson
 So it'd be awesome guys as always also
 God bless don't be afraid to think different those about the thing different are gonna chase the world by using funnels and other stuff
 I love you all and I will see you on next live stream episode. Take it easy man. Please
 Hey everybody, this is russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now i'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes
 Every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text
 Me a message. Okay, and the phone over in your text is
 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello
 And then what's gonna happen is i'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where i'm gonna be giving you out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times i'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
