 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Excited to be here with you guys today.
 And today we'll be talking about what I call
 the Bootstrap Manifesto.
 Something I read from Jason Freed,
 who's one of the co-founders of Basecamp.
 And it is amazing.
 So I want to share with you guys today
 when we get back from the intro.
 - So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast
 will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 - All right, so it's not a secret.
 Some of you guys know that not now,
 but in the future I'm writing a book called Bootstrap.
 I bought the domain name Bootstrap.com.
 We have a new award coming out of Funnawaking Live.
 I can't tell you a lot about it other than it's
 the Bootstrap Entrepreneur of the Year award
 and a bunch of other things.
 I'm obsessed with Bootstrap.
 In fact, that we Bootstrap ClickFunnels from zero
 to where it is today is an amazing story
 that we love to talk about and brag about.
 And I think I have a place in my heart
 for all businesses who Bootstrap.
 That concept, you know, things can come out my mind
 because I'm so excited about writing the book
 and it's gonna be the ClickFunnels story,
 how we Bootstrap ClickFunnels.
 I want to turn Bootstrap.com into TechCrunch
 for people who didn't cheat and take on money.
 And so, anyway, so I'm just looking for things
 tied around Bootstrapping and starting businesses
 and everything.
 And today, actually, yeah, today, Jason Fray,
 he's one of the co-founders of Basecamp,
 wrote an article on his blog that is insane.
 I read it and I literally just messaged Todd.
 I said, this is like the title Liberty for Bootstrap
 and Bootstrapping and it is amazing.
 If you don't know Jason, he is,
 so there's two co-founders of Basecamp.
 And essentially it's very similar
 to the two co-founders of ClickFunnels.
 One is named DHH, that's just making it out
 and it was David something.
 Anyway, he is the Todd of Basecamp.
 He's a hardcore coder and then Jason is like the marketing
 dude for Basecamp, which is like me.
 So, I feel like he's a kindred spirit.
 I had a chance to interview him once, man,
 almost a decade ago when he wrote the book Rework,
 which is one of my favorite books of all time.
 But he's just amazing.
 So, I digress.
 I want to share with you this article from him.
 I'm just gonna read it to you.
 I'll probably mess up my reading, but it is,
 ah, I'm gonna read it, I was like, yes, this is why
 we bootstrapped, this is why we're entrepreneurs.
 So, he wrote this article on April 8th, 2021,
 which is the day that I'm recording this.
 And the title was Why to Be an Entrepreneur.
 He said, earlier this week,
 I caught up with a friend and fellow CEO over lunch.
 We are in entirely different industries,
 but as we usually do, we talk a little shop.
 We've both been at the wheel for a while
 and we both built lasting businesses
 without any outside capital.
 One of the topics we slid into is why to be an entrepreneur?
 Not why sorta or why kinda or why sometimes,
 but why really?
 If you had to boil it down, what's the one reason?
 When all the liquid's gone,
 what does entrepreneurship reduce to?
 For me, it's this.
 You get to do things that no one else
 would give you permission to do.
 That's it.
 At least that's how I see it.
 I don't ask anyone's permission,
 seek anyone's permission, or be granted anyone's permission.
 It ain't about getting rich.
 That's a crapshoot with terrible odds.
 It ain't about power and influence.
 If you happen into those things, maybe they're a bonus,
 although maybe they're not.
 And it's not just about doing the things you wanna do
 or freedom.
 That definition skips the details.
 It's too broad.
 This is really about doing things
 that someone else wouldn't let you do if you had to ask.
 That's the one thing you get to do no matter what.
 It's about doing things that doesn't make sense.
 They don't fit into the obvious framework.
 They don't add up, lineup, or seem like they'll even hold up.
 It's those things, the unusual, the unjustifiable,
 the downright fun, regardless of what happens.
 That made me want to be an entrepreneur and to stay one too.
 Once those things go away, I'm out.
 There are millions of people better suited
 to follow your rules than me.
 But of course, this is a very specific breed
 of entrepreneurship.
 It's a bootstrapped one.
 It's one without a board of directors.
 It's one without an oversight body.
 It's one where no decks have to be developed
 and distributed around a table.
 One where you don't have to pitch something
 to someone else who's got something writing on your success.
 One where your gut is the only thing
 that's going to get punched if you're wrong.
 This is the fun in it for me.
 It's obviously a privilege, but more so an obligation.
 We must do things at Basecamp
 that no one else would let us do.
 If we don't, we aren't living up to the opportunity we have.
 The position we put ourselves in,
 the decisions we've made to be this way and to stay this way.
 We must launch stuff that no one else would approve.
 Name things in a way that would never fly
 if they had to go through a committee.
 Stamp for things that seem like you put it yourself
 at odds with the bigger bottom line.
 We must leave money on the table
 because someone else would grab it all.
 We must.
 We must make things that could only come from us.
 This doesn't make them better or worse.
 It just makes them ours.
 And hopefully, if you like what we're up to,
 then they're yours too.
 That's the reason.
 I read that.
 I was just like, oh my gosh, so many good quotes in there.
 So many things that should be on a T-shirt.
 So many things that I probably would have put in a T-shirt,
 maybe a funnel-hiking live or something.
 Like one of them, like there are a million people better suited
 to follow your rules than me.
 Like how cool is that?
 And just talking about there's no board of directors.
 There's no one that oversights.
 There's no one, you don't have to,
 every time you've done an idea,
 something you want to create,
 you don't have to make a slide deck
 and send it to your board of directors.
 You don't have to pitch somebody.
 Every time you want to do something,
 you're just going to do what you think is right.
 And that's the power of entrepreneurship,
 of being bootstrapped.
 Todd said, when Todd sent me this article,
 he said, "This is why VCs are the anti-entrepreneurship black hole.
 Ask your VC overloads for permission constantly."
 That's literally what it is.
 As so many friends who've taken on money,
 who have VC backing and they can't do anything.
 In fact, we had one partner we were trying to work with,
 a really cool software company,
 and we wanted to acquire it.
 And we didn't want to pay any money for it.
 We just wanted to take it over because they're struggling.
 They're not profitable, they're losing money.
 And something that we introduced to ClickFunnels Community
 would blow up overnight.
 It's such a cool tool and so powerful.
 And the founder, the entrepreneur, the owner was so excited.
 And he understood and said, "Yes, if you give me this salary
 and do this and this, I will give you 100% or I'll let you guys
 take over the company and I'll get paid a salary to keep doing it.
 And you guys will blow it up and I'll get a profit share."
 And it was such a good deal for him.
 It was amazing.
 And then he had to take it to his board.
 The investors should give money to his business.
 And all the board members were like, "Why would you do that?
 Does it make any sense?"
 And he's like, "These guys are the greatest marketers of all time.
 They have a customer list of millions and millions of people
 who would buy our software.
 You just try explaining to them everything."
 And they're like, "Well, that doesn't make sense.
 We're not going to let these guys just take over control
 of the company without giving any money."
 They wouldn't do it.
 And so unfortunately for him, he had to call this.
 And he was just like, "I know this is the best deal for me
 and for the company and for the future,
 but I can't do it because the backers, the people who
 gave me money," said no.
 And it's up to them.
 The VC overload.
 So we're not giving permission, right?
 That was the thing.
 And so if you want to be an entrepreneur,
 you have to protect yourself from that black hole.
 From taking all money where now people own your creativity,
 they own your ideas.
 They own everything where they can tell you yes or no.
 You can't create.
 And so anyway, I just want to read that to you
 because first off, Jason Fried is the man.
 Second off, this is like a manifesto for us,
 Bootstrap Entrepreneurs.
 And so I hope that you enjoyed it.
 I hope you loved it.
 And with that said, thanks for listening.
 If you did enjoy this one, please take a screenshot
 on your phone, post it on Facebook, Instagram,
 or any of the places you post stuff.
 And please tag me.
 I love seeing that you're actually listening to these things
 that you enjoy.
 And if you did anything from this,
 please share this podcast with other people,
 other people who are like me and you,
 who are Bootstrap Entrepreneurs, who are trying to take
 over the world.
 Thank you.
 And I'll talk to you all again soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, everybody.
 This is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions.
 And right now, I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30
 minutes every single day answering questions
 through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing,
 pull your phone out, and actually text me a message.
 Now, the phone number you need text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone.
 And then it'll send you back a message
 where you can add me to your phone.
 And then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community,
 so I'm going to be giving you out free swag, giving away
 free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times
 I'm coming to your local area, and a whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day, I'm sending out
 my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is
 pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
