 What's up everybody good morning and morning this is Russell Brunson I want to welcome you back to the marketing secrets podcast
 Today, I'm gonna be reading the second half of the traffic secrets book
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain
 profitable
 That was the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so I'm actually reading it on this podcast that'd be the longest podcast of all time but
 I finished the traffic secrets book and I tell you this already
 We're back from Fiji and
 Right from the feed you we submitted the final manuscript to the publisher and they have their editors go through and then send it back
 To us and we have to do our last edit and then next Friday a week from today
 I have to submit it and at that point I can never touch it again
 so I was kind of freaking out about it because when I read the dot-com secrets book and the expert secrets book
 And right when I finished those
 After I got done I went and and I remember I record the audio book version of them
 And as I was recording the audio book versions I found all these like these mistakes and errors
 I hadn't I hadn't found even I'd read the book like a hundred times through and and so
 But because I was publishing those to a smaller publisher I was literally able to like
 Like make the audio book make changes sent to them
 They changed the last minute and then we started printing them
 But with this book like the book doesn't come out till May 5th. It's like seven or eight months from now
 Which makes me sags I want to start selling it tomorrow because that's you know what I do
 We have to wait for forever and so
 My audio book I'm not gonna record till like next March or something at that point
 It'll be too late to like make edits and stuff
 So it's kind of freaking out so thought you know
 I'm gonna do is I'm gonna just do live reading of it so I can read out loud and I can edit it
 And so that was the plan and then I was like well
 Maybe I should invite my traffic team so they can hear my thoughts on traffic to make sure all in alignment
 So by the traffic team and then we're like wait a minute for doing this anyway might as well record it because you know
 Maybe some cool come from it's like whoa if we're gonna record it
 We should set the big set it's kind of that book if you give a mouse a cookie so then instead of the big set
 Like this is amazing. We should sell access to it and so
 Basically for anyone who bought a phone hacking live take a buy right now gets to come and listen to me read the traffic seekers book live
 So I read the first half of it yesterday for took like eight hours really tired and exhausting
 but I did it whoo so we did that first and then um and
 then when that was
 And so then today I'm reading the second half. So that's what's been
 happening over here and
 And it's kind of fun actually reading that way
 It's interesting as as I'm reading it
 For the most part of liking all the there's couple or something like oh like this read reads really weird
 They're like I don't feel it here. I'm getting bored reading this part right this part was really fun and exciting
 You know and there's definitely different different different parts
 And it's also funny because I found things that like the editors edit and I'm like oh like I don't like how that was said
 I don't like how this thing, you know, I mean since like I had changed this back. I gotta add my voice back in here or
 Anyway, I remember my grandpa
 My grandpa was a professor at BYU history professor and you were like I don't know 10 different books on like Columbus and like all these old
 You know history things he's he obsesses about my grandpa obsesses about history like I obsess about marketing
 Anyway, but I remember him telling me back in the day when I was a kid
 He's like he's like yeah when you when you write a book and send it to the publisher
 He's like when you get it back, you know the editors like when you won't even recognize the book doesn't sound like you anymore
 I remember him saying that I was like doesn't make any sense
 But then like I totally see that and luckily for me my editors have been really good and they they've kept my voice and most
 Part they're just cleaning up punctuation things like that and you know make things where I say that I'm saying things repetitively
 But it's just funny because there's some things that
 You've changed you know, like I'm not changing that this part has to stay in the book
 Anyway, so it's just kind of kind of fun so
 Anyway, so today's lesson
 Nothing to do with what I just talked about but as you may or may not know click for notes having our
 Five-year birthday on Monday
 And so we are making some changes and having some fun things and so we thought well
 We need to we need to like get people to come on like a Facebook live so I can announce these changes and we thought you know
 We'll do a Facebook live, but if we did that like who knows how many people would come on
 And so we decided is like is like I wanted to make more perform a presentation
 And there's some big changes and some updates and some things happening
 So I made these talking about these changes like you now
 We need to get people to show up and be excited for this thing
 And so how do we how do we stimulate growth and excitement?
 And it's fun because I've been studying over the last year a lot of like PT Barnum's life and PT Barnum
 He has seen the greatest showman like the book or the movies amazing
 but if you studied PT Barnum's life, he is like the king of a
 publicity and shows like in fact he
 Two days before he died. He wrote it on obituary and he published it to the newspapers and
 And he had died and they told us whole story and people
 Messaged you know came afterwards and we're like why did you like you're still alive?
 Why did you publish your obituary?
 He was like oh why I thought that the death of the my death with help sell tickets or the news of my death would help
 Sell tickets to the circus or something like that
 Like he's always about creating the buzz and the story and excitement and the whatever to be able to you know
 To sell more tickets or to be able to deliver the message whatever the whatever the the thing might be and so for us
 You know we were thinking like well, how do we how do we cause some noise?
 How do we get some excitement like let's make this not just like hey
 Russell's doing an announcement you should show up because the no one's gonna show up like we needed to get people
 Excited and what's happened is like a show?
 We could we could write a whole book on on what what happens what happened?
 It's an issue where I cool what if we got people got people to start rumors like we got people go post on their
 Facebook's you know like oh, do you hear the rumors that click funnels the selling or the things are happening and and
 And so we were thinking about that right?
 That's not really that's not really as good and so instead what we did is when I was in Fiji
 I recorded a video and the video if you haven't seen it yet
 It's on it's on Facebook on YouTube
 but it's me kind of like talking about some changes and and I'm obviously nervous about him and so I I didn't try to hide that and
 And I made this very vague very cryptic
 Announcement I talked about what some of the rumors are you some people have rumors that we're acquiring companies and people some rumors
 that we were selling them going we're a public or I'm retiring or all these things and you know and and
 And I have a don't tell them women, but I'm gonna tell everybody on Monday
 And so that's been kind of the thing in fact fact I think this podcast would probably go live today. So
 That's the case and you know about it now. It's happening on Monday
 So Monday the announcement will happen at all. I'll tell you is about kind of what it is afterwards
 And if you've been listening to podcast you have some some hints and some updates one big ones
 This is just one part of a three-part announcement
 one part announcing
 Right now one part announcing if I'm not gonna live and one part of announcing on my birthday in March 8
 And so these are these are three big fun exciting things that are
 That are happening and so
 Anyway, the reason why I'm telling you this is because what's been happening is been crazy
 I've been watching people online meltdown. I've been watching people post on their own page. What's happening people taking bets
 Like I think click phones is selling. I think this is happening. Russell's doing this
 I think this and like everybody's like speculating like crazy and it's causing all this buzz and it's been
 Insane to me except we can text messages from all my friends people haven't heard from a long time
 People texting me like oh, you know good luck on the news good luck on this
 You know we're nervous for you. We're praying for you like all these things today
 I got in the car to take my kids to school and
 And I pick up these other kids in neighborhood and when the kids jumped in the car again
 These are kids that go to school with my with my kids and and the first thing he asked is like what you know
 It's something that's happening on Monday. I'm like what what my kids like what dad? What's happening?
 I'm like oh my gosh
 This has gotten all the way to like the neighborhood kids and they're like yeah
 My parents were talking about last night for like 30 minutes trying to speculate what it thought was gonna happen and and it's like oh my gosh
 This is so cool. So I hope you guys are watching this because
 There's a real announcements happening there multiple announcements happening over the next couple months, but
 We could have easily just gone and and told people hey, we're making announcement out blah
 But instead we talked about we're making announcement and it's not these things and by talking about it's not a
 Or we didn't say it's not about these things. We said that people are speculating that it's about these things
 But I'll tell you exactly what it is and by by by saying that in
 Saying what people were speculating then it caused people to really speculate and it's caused all this all of this
 Controversy and all these these people talking about it and it's just been like one of the most organic fun cool
 Promotions we've ever done and so it's got my mind thinking like man
 I don't want to ever speak or do Facebook live or do announcements without this kind of buzz behind like how do we how do we craft this?
 How do we choreograph this? How do we how do we create this when we have a new webinar coming out?
 We have a new thing like how do we make it so that we get this kind of buzz behind it because it causes it
 You know we can get people talking about your business and creating speculation and all these things
 It's really really fascinating. It's been crazy, and I'm excited to see on the Facebook live Monday. How many people actually show up?
 I don't think it's gonna be a few I think there's gonna be insane amounts of people
 Just from just from the amount of people that have texted me personally people who haven't heard from it in years
 Who are all in the middle of this?
 Neighbour kids and their parents talking about it, you know like online seeing people posting on their own social profiles and people
 You know just just causing controversy and it's it's been really fun to watch it and a really interesting marketing lesson
 so
 For you I started looking at your business like what's what's an announcement you could make or you should make?
 And then how do you cause the buzz and behind that you know
 And also makes you think about that for any new webinar idea or any new announcement or any new product or any new
 Whatever, how do you how do you craft that that much engagement?
 You know Stephen Larson now is this offer mind of any talked a lot about how like a lot of people think you should see offer
 I think it's just the fun ones like no like those those are parts of you have to have an amazing offer
 It's an amazing funnel within it's like the campaign you create
 It causes the buzz that pushes people with that funnel like that's a whole other art and science is the is the art of creating
 campaigns and creating buzz and doing these kind of things and
 It's interesting if you if you watch the people that are great at this
 You know, I've been watching
 as I've been writing the book and like
 You know editing the book and things like that everyone's while like my brain has a lot of pain
 So I'm like I gotta I gotta take a 20 minute break on something and so I'll go and all you know watch different things or things that are short
 those like
 For example, I was watching the the Conor McGregor
 Khabib fight which you know all my UFC fighter friends and wrestlers would know this but it was like this big fight that happened a couple months ago
 And so like I watched that but like I was watching all the pre-set that built up to the fight
 Right wasn't just like to do stepped in rain started fighting
 It's like no, there's this campaigning and there's this talk trash talking and there's the the pre weigh-ins and the stare down and the trash talking
 And then after the matches the you know
 could be jumping over the the side of the cage and all these things that caused the drama like it's it's
 It's all the campaign buildup that makes us care about this fight, right?
 Because if two people just jumped in the rain started fighting nobody would care
 It's like it's what's the campaign ahead of time that creates the buzz and makes people want to know what's happening, right?
 It's not so when you're thinking about your businesses is like what what are the things I can do?
 I'm a really good book to read and probably the best book to read on this Joe Vitaly wrote this book
 It's called there's a customer born every minute and it's the the life story of PT Barnum
 Through the lens of how he did his marketing and I sent this two years ago to all the two comic club ex
 Students I was like read this book you guys. It is so good
 But PT Barnum
 like said he lived back in the early 1900s and this is before the internet and everything so he had to go and
 Create this buzz to get people to come to the show and and again if you watched so great to show me you saw a glimpse of it
 but
 If you if you study his life and especially that book the book is really good
 There's a customer born every minute by Joe Vitaly if you read that book you'll see how he created all these things
 He called him humbugs like we need to create a humbug
 Which is like a you know a fake story to cause buzz and back then they didn't have the FTC and and you know
 They didn't have all the legal regulations like most of stuff that PT Barnum did back then would probably be illegal nowadays, but
 You know he did these things to create buzz like he did Stephen Larson it all for mine
 You did this this campaign or is like a camera what it was like a mermaid
 Monkey or something and basically was like a big fish and a monkey and he took the corpse of it
 Like and like sewed him together
 So look like it was a monkey mermaid or something like that
 I can't remember and I put these ads and newspapers showing the picture of this monkey mermaid and literally
 It's just like he took a dead monkey and a dead huge fish
 And he like sewed him together but use that as this publicity to like get people to come to the circus and come to his
 His um his museums and like all these crazy things and so I just I just I hope you're watching this campaign
 I hope that you're paying attention. I hope that you're thinking about what can I do in my business to stimulate growth and controversy people talking and like
 Because man, this is the best viral
 Free organic exposure of anything we ever done it all started with a two-minute video that I filmed in Fiji
 telling the story about
 About the rumors that people have been throwing around and if I'm completely honest
 There were no rumors. I caused those rumors
 So there you go. Just my barking secrets friends
 You guys know we hadn't seen like I'm the one there was nobody saying one of click phones is getting bought or sold
 They're going public or going you know for us was retiring or whatever like no things were people were saying but I said
 You know my video I said that there's there's been whispers of this and it was like I was whispering about with my team
 And so but by putting those things out there it caused the whispers it caused the thing so anyway
 It's fun. It's exciting. I think you guys are all gonna enjoy it. So hopefully we're enjoying the show
 Come on Monday if you get anywhere you get this Monday will be making the first of 30 big announcements and they are big announcements
 each one progressively bigger and then um
 And then there's there's one
 There's one thing I can't tell you guys all yet. Oh even on these announcements that I'm excited for but
 I did buy just you know
 I bought bootstrap.com and my next book is me called bootstrap.com. It's gonna be telling the click funnel story and
 In that book I will be able to tell you the full story
 Anyway, there's there's reasons I can't explain all right now that will make more sense when you read the book someday, but
 Yeah, that book I'm excited for us can be the first non like how to book
 It's gonna be just the story the story of click fun was like how did this come to be?
 How do all the weird characters meet together to create this thing in the movement and the ups and the downs and the
 All the stuff so how do you guys pump for that bug? Oh, I'm excited. So anyway, that's it. I'm gonna get I'm gonna bounce
 Appreciate you guys all for listening. Hope you have a good day and if you do get this before Monday
 See you on the on the Monday announcement and you get this later. That's really cool. My next podcast episode will probably be recorded
 One of the near future ones will be talking about that and what came from it. So we'll go from there
 Thanks everybody. I'll talk to you soon one more marketing secrets
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at expert seekers calm and book number two is called comm seekers
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 (upbeat music)
