 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing secrets podcast tonight is gonna be a late night reflections episode
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so I don't know if that's really a thing a reflection episode, but
 it's been
 the last 24 hours of my life have been insane and I learned some really good lessons along the way and
 Yeah, so I just want to see her and talk it out with you guys if you don't mind hopefully you'll get something out of it
 So some of the backstory
 We are in November for those who watch you can go listening to this later, and it's almost Thanksgiving's about a week away and
 But interesting working a lot of really neat amazing projects and some things that I
 feel are
 Part of I don't know sounds like cliche, but like part of my mission in this life. It's not building
 Well, it is it is indirectly well
 It is building funnels, but it's for who we're building up for how we're doing and what we're trying to accomplish within it's
 Things are really good in life, and what's interesting
 I know that everyone listens at different beliefs, but was interesting as whenever you try to do something good
 the adversary and call whatever you want
 fights against it and
 As I was starting this project with this group that we believe in and start kind of moving on this path
 I was warned by a lot of people who were in this project saying as you start trying to move forward towards the scene
 the adversary whatever you want to call it is gonna fight against you and
 It's like okay
 Bring it off
 And it's crazy cuz I'm starting to see maybe it's not maybe it's just in my mind, but
 As we're moving towards this thing. I'm just noticing a lot of more stuff happening
 So last 24 hours is crazy. So right now it's 11 o'clock at night. Just got my kids to bed
 And about probably 26 hours ago. It's a little longer today 24 or 25 hours later was a little bit of an ordinary go
 I just got to bed as well
 and it was just normal light I
 Was gonna be simply working because my wife had just left in Disneyland yesterday. She's out with her girly friends during Disneyland
 And so I was like quit sometimes work catch up on some projects and
 I was gonna start on them and about the time I was getting the kids down and I was about to come and start working
 I got a text message from Melanie saying hey this weird things happening and
 It's kind of cool from a friend or circle saw
 Something were basically losses when you filed against us and they'd see that had a time who got spies everywhere around the world
 Anyway, so we looked at it and it was basically was it was kind of violations somebody was basically somebody had gotten
 We found it later now
 It's been you know 24 hours, but it was a text message that they'd gotten that they said that they'd not want to see from it
 So instead of just being like a normal human being and just being like oh, I don't want to see this text message
 This person's lying filing is huge loss against us. It's crazy
 And so we got the name and the number all sorts of stuff is crazy somebody somebody sent up for ClickFunnels with
 Like a fake credit card. So it's a real credit card, right?
 logged in twice never logged in again their credit card failed and so our system your credit card fails
 Oh, actually when you log into ClickFunnels
 There's a little thing saying hey if your credit card fails, which I can text you if so what numbers you type number right?
 And so the credit card failed so text I'm saying hey, we only websites to go down
 You should log in your ClickFunnels account and you should upgrade your you know, add your credit card
 So you don't lose your websites. It's in two text messages. This is like two or three months ago. So this person
 It's insane get these text messages and and
 File the lawsuit against us a lawsuit for crowd out from every
 Parital every parital damages and also like on and on and on like just nuts nuts
 So it's funny because I always heard about frivolous lawsuits and it's just like
 I've said those were like I just I couldn't fathom those were real thing that human beings were like that
 But it's just like I just saw I'm sitting right now. I'm like holy crap and it's funny cuz like
 It's interesting like
 You know when you're when you don't have money you're always like oh if I just had money all my problems would go away
 I got bad news for you guys the problems don't go away. They just turn into different problems more annoying problems
 We're literally people like shooting at you and attacking you all the time
 I guess nuts. So I get that text message or I get that message about that
 So trying to do some research like I feel that I'm like, uh, I can't I can't think about
 It's not got too much stuff to do so it's kind of put it on the back border
 Sat down the computer right there is my work computer where the expert secrets book was written sit down at the work computer
 Check my email and there's two emails first emails from
 This this organization working with to try to do a lot of good in the world and save a lot of kids lives and
 Just this thing that we're moving forward on trying to you know do the ultimate good and then the email it came in like
 literally
 Like a minute you get before after that one from another person
 I'm not gonna tell the back story behind this because it's just it's not important
 But from a person who I dealt with like three years ago
 This huge even I'm hurt. I'm hurt from over a year huge email huge email talking to like
 Like going on about how they're gonna sue me for all these crazy things like and I'm like I
 Can't even I don't know how to handle this right now like
 It was just crazy and so I
 Did best hand up like I get some mics I get some stuff done. So I was up till two o'clock last night working
 Past out and kids up sporting at like six
 That's like four hours for our sleep last night got up. We got kids ready because my wife's gone and luckily I've helped
 An onion comes helps it helps the kids out the door and everything's school
 and then
 in the office and
 You know have a ton of stuff going on obviously
 I'm trying to coordinate. Yeah so much stuff. I wish I could
 He said a glimpse it all the stuff we're doing it once I don't think people believe it, but there's a lot happening obviously
 It happened to try and change the world, right?
 It was fun
 We did a podcast with Nathan Laka the top if you've heard his podcast is really good and
 It was a I did a podcast 18 months ago at the movie did another one fall from now
 So we're 5x where we're at 18 months ago, which is insane
 It was just really cool cuz like recapping all the positive growth what we're doing and it was cool one of the questions
 He asked me and he's like, you know most business owners reinvest their profits back in the company
 That's really the highest return investment blow on like where you reach where do you invest your money Russell?
 And I had a lot of like, you know, you know, we're reinvest money back in the company
 But you know for me I had started business to reinvest somebody back in the company
 It's like so it's a real estate is where you're investing your money like no
 I'm not investing in anything like I'm investing in my my kids and my family
 I was like right now and we have a acre and a half to acre lot next to our house
 It was just kind of full weeds. So it's summer we we knocked down all the weeds
 We put in a full
 Asserturf baseball slash soccer field we put in nine underground champlines a volleyball court a baseball field a full basketball court and a
 Track that wraps the whole thing because like I'm investing my money back in my kids
 Like I want to spend weekends and nights with my kids playing games like that's why I got into business like
 Cashless nice, but like that's that's what I'm reinvesting my profits back into, you know, anyway
 So it's kind of it was kind of just a fun answer
 Except sure that most people in business podcast don't don't think that way they think about
 Anyway, whatever business real business people think about right
 anyway, so that was kind of fun and stuff and
 And then I had to deal with the issues right so I deal with this dude who said who got two text messages after he told us to text him
 And he didn't update his credit card
 And I started realizing since we started learning all about them do not call this and they do not textless all this
 It's just crazy basically we've brought in all these lawyers and companies off crap in the last all day
 It's it's just crazy, but we found out it's interesting is like these texts
 I mean there's 150,000 known people who if you guys if they get a test message from you
 They will file off suits like that's all I do
 So soon they get text once they get blocked across like all these things now
 It's like we're tapping on the API so we'll pull all these known complainers and stuff
 But it's insane so all these guys do is they go out there and they they sign up for things and wait if you text them
 That's it. I get this is the real thing. I can hear about this
 I was thought like there's no way that people are that evil, but they are like this is a real thing game
 It's what's happening. It's happening to me right now. Well, so now we got to fight this whole thing
 It's just nuts like time and energy and money wasted for some more on who's just going out there looking for lawsuits
 Like that's it. That's it's crazy. So there's number one and then I deal with number two
 And so about our lawyers came in and lawyer basically
 You know this this this deal from three years ago that I heard from him in over a year
 The lawyers just like shocked like I can't leave her here
 They get insane and set down with me and went through everything again
 He's just like you guys are in the right like hundred percent the right like he's like I he's like my authority as
 Your lawyer is that we need to go and just destroy this person and like put him out of his misery
 Like he said nicer now, but not much
 But I was just like so
 Miss like I was in the meeting and everything and then um
 I think it was Dave or Brent some of my team asked me like what what is your gut telly Russell?
 And I was like my gut tells me that I just need to
 do whatever it takes you to to make this go away and
 I listen to my gut a lot because I don't think it's my gut. I think there's it's other things telling us stuff
 Anyway, so
 And I told my lawyer that he's just like he's just like it is funny because
 I
 Had this really rare chance to try to learn something today something I teach my kids all the time like my kids
 We're getting these arguments right with each other and like
 Especially like my little like seven year old and my 12 year old right or 11 and a half years old, right?
 But get these arguments about things and the older one is like so mad because they're trying to prove their rights
 They're gonna want to make it doesn't matter. Just stop. It doesn't matter that you're right or wrong
 Just stop fighting like please just stop fighting like
 But but he's wrong. I'm like I don't it doesn't matter. I just it does not matter who's right who's wrong like it does not matter at all, right?
 and
 And I tried to teach my kids over and over and like they just walk away from like just let it go does not matter and it's funny because like
 After I after we had a whole lawyer meeting and stuff and I wrote this person back and just said hey
 Just you know, you know, here's the lawyer. Yes, we figured all this stuff out
 And that person right back and said we just gonna call and I was like
 I don't want to go and call like
 Like I just I don't I don't I don't want to get this call and so for me and kneel down and I prayed and I was just like
 what should I do and like I was like
 like asking for help because I knew that
 That I wanted to be like my 12 year old and they know you're freaking wrong and like yell at this person
 But I knew that that wouldn't solve anything which has hurt everything and so I
 prayed for humility and like prayed to like to know what to do and how to do and like
 It's like I was this like
 This frustration anger and so I picked the phone and called this person and I was on the line as this person
 You know basically starts yelling me telling me all these things that
 He thinks I've done wrong and just like
 Every point like I want to just like fight back and be like this is not true. That is not true
 I proved that's not true and like everything I just sat there like bit my tongue like I just praying in my head like
 Like let me know what to do. Let me know how to handle this and what to do and just like
 And just sitting there sitting there taking it taking it taking it taking it taking it. I'm just like
 like what like
 dude, what do you want like what's
 like
 What's the real story like just tell me and
 We talked about it and I think we figured out a way to solve it and
 And it's such it's like my little kids, you know, it's like
 like
 like really people get just my lawyers like the justice needs to be served like you were in the right here
 this is not your fault and
 And I'm looking at this from another angle saying like
 Like there's two laws, right? There's justice and there's mercy, right? There's these two things and and legally
 I always want justice for everything. There's there's other side of mercy and I don't know about you
 But there are things in my life where I make mistakes. I make a lot of mistakes
 And made which many mistakes to brag about especially on a public forum like this
 But there's times when I needed mercy from people or from
 Yeah from things and there's time that mercy came through to me and it saved me and helped me and
 In my physical life my spiritual life in different things like that and I'm just grateful for
 times I was extending mercy and I think today for me was the time of just like
 like you
 You don't have to have perfect justice like extend mercy here and and it'll make everything better
 I don't know. That's always the case, but definitely
 Was the case for me today?
 so
 That was the first two issues
 Then I'm all excited to my kids are wrestling match tonight
 So leave you still happen by three o'clock today and I leave the go wrestling match
 So I'm gonna rest the match we get there and work my kids because last week
 They kind of beat up a little bit in terms of all week in long
 I worked in the wrestling room at our house and I got better and better and better and
 I'm not there my first and so down my oldest my twin says first match. He wrestled just like oh the perfect match is so
 awesome also if we worked on this weekend he was doing it and it was just like
 It was really neat really special to see that and he won and it was just so exciting and then bow and head next match
 It wasn't like the end of the night. So
 Anyway, so he's warming up and you know goofing off and having fun and down is doing the same thing and
 And then Brandy who's our nanny?
 She brought over kids luckily and it's turned out to be a huge blessing brought the kids to the wrestling match was kind of stressful
 So I'm with the Nora a whole little baby Nora and the other ones are running around and all sorts of crazy stuff
 and then and
 Then bones get closer to warm up
 So I gave all the kids back to Brandy and I'm gonna go outside the mat and start getting more bone all warmed up
 And downs they're kind of goofing around because he's just you know between the match having fun and he goes over to the
 To the the bleachers on the side of bleachers and he saw somebody jumping up doing like box jumps up on this
 This ledge and it's like a metal strip across this ledge. He's some doing box jumps
 He's like I'm gonna do it because he's kind of bored sitting around so he goes to jump into a box jump
 he misses it hits right below his knee and
 Actually show you guys this those who are
 Those who are watching this is like
 Printer discretion advised these images are kind of freaky
 But if you're listening you can't see him but he hits his leg comes and he's like oh that hurt
 It's like I'm fine and I look at him and I'm like dude you are not fine
 It was like the deepest cut I have ever seen in my life. So if you can see this here those watching like that's his
 me
 Like you can see the bone like if you're listening you can't see it, but it's oh
 Like I'm gonna throw up this link. It's like the deepest cut ever. I look down. I was just like oh my gosh
 like I can think I'm if you say you can see all the way to the bone under this cut like it is huge and
 And then there's like blood just pouring everywhere all the the mats all the thing and I'm like I don't I don't know what to do
 Here's let's keep showing pictures. I'm gonna do this
 Like I don't I don't know what to do or even how to handle this like this is
 Yeah, and so
 I'm kind of pulling him out of the wrestling like I was trying more
 We're going on side of Matt and now I'm pulling down out his blood just oozing everywhere and like my wife's out there
 I don't to do there's no like I don't to do and like I cannot that in the hallway luckily on this the
 Wrestling coach who's got some kind of medical background. I'm not sure exactly he was there. I'm like I need help
 He's like oh my gosh like yes put him down. So he puts him down some more pictures. Oh
 Anyway, and luckily like I was kind of shocked. I know what to do. So he goes and like gets
 He has some go grab some gauze and stuff and they wrap the wrap the knee up
 And I was like we're taking the ER like I don't want to do like I don't want him his bones match cuz like bones been training
 There's oh, man. Look how deep that is. Oh
 so
 So my coach is luckily there helps me wrap this thing up and then I run over to Brandy Arnani who's over there and
 Here's a little here's buddy bed smile or the lane in the hospital bit smiling during surgery
 There's him all stitched up at the end there. Oh
 anyway, so he's
 So he's laying there
 It's like going right grab brandy who's our nanny and I said down his cut his leg open
 So I go to the ER so she grabs all the kids and comes back and I was like
 What I know what to do and bone chime warm. He's also you know frazzled because of that so I
 like so me and the coach pick up down and
 We run him out to the car which is it's like
 At least half a mile more of the car giving the car and branding loads of all of our kids plus her kids and heads off the ER
 And then I run back in and I'm trying to like oh, I don't have my medical cards on me of course cuz that's how I roll
 So try to find medical stuff and sent it to him and then bones warming up his match
 He's all frazzled because he saw his brother bleeding to death
 He's you know sure his son his brother is gonna die swim brothers about to die and just like ah
 So then try to get focused or warm it up and he goes out there and wrestles and portal do like he's been trying so hard
 And he's doing so much better
 but he got thrown in the first like 10 seconds and pinned and he comes off just crying his eyes out and
 He's more upset about his brother
 But just all the emotions of that and little little dudes right now. Oh
 so emotional and then
 trying to find
 Downs backpacks in the blue some bleachers and bones and get them all out the door and then
 Racing over to my car and then speeding off to get the hospital
 But I remember when we're leaving all the kids are like we're starving. We're starving at the wrestling match
 I'm like my kids haven't eaten yet. It's like six o'clock six thirty night like
 Some race in the hospital and I run off to like this fast food restaurant. This is a crazy story. I'm sorry
 I've known to talk to you my wife's gone tonight. So hopefully you guys don't mind so I race to the
 So race to the gas or to a to like this fast food restaurant
 I order food I might go in the drive through my guy need 10 hamburgers and 10 drinks and
 And a kids milk's I got a little baby daughter
 So they're pulling through and then the ladies like hey the manager wants to see if you guys want 10 ice cream coat
 I custard ice cream things. I'm like, you know what? Yes, that'd be awesome
 So we just car full of hamburgers ice cream and waters me and bow and we're racing back to the ER
 We get there and then find brand-new with all the kids
 I give her the keys like go feed the kids in the car
 And then I run in and down's in there and he's about to start certain you know all the stuff to get his knee all cleaned up and
 Portal dude they cut so big and they get like a needle to numb and probably shot him
 I would say conservative about 30 different shots. He's just screaming like he was so tough
 but
 And they stitched all up. It was just forever and then brand you like it's home
 They came home and did homework and did anyway got him all the bed and been doing homework till
 Almost 11 into bed. That's been the last 24 hours of my life. So it's been crazy
 So I'll just tell you guys that as a fun story just some of the things some of the lessons of today
 I think that I learned is number one
 whenever you are moving towards things that are good the adversary or whatever you want to call it is gonna fight against you and
 That's okay. It's normal. It's gonna happen and I know that a lot of you guys
 And a lot of listeners are people who who believe in God who think about God and if if you're not like
 I just recommend remembering him. There's a reason why they think that happened is to I believe to give us to remember God
 So first off remember God
 number two is
 There are evil people in this world for those people who are just out there to just to steal money and
 They're there and the bigger you get the bigger target will become so just be aware of people and just
 Protect yourself as many ways you can. We're trying to you know, this is putting up a whole new line of defenses for us and
 So know that the three know that sometimes
 If you want to have mercy you can people have mercy in you sometimes in life
 Don't always fight for justice in every situation. They'd be okay letting somebody else
 Yeah, it's okay giving some else mercy sometimes cuz that's the right thing to do even it's not
 It doesn't give you justice and it may hurt and it may suck but
 If you ever want to receive justice or mercy in your life, it's worth it to give other people it's important and then
 The last one under the moral story the last one is other than it was just a lot of stuff and
 Yeah, that's about it. So
 I hope I hope you guys hope you learned something. Hope you got something if not
 Yeah, we're about if you did though
 Please show this video or this podcast or somebody love and care about and I appreciate it listening
 Yeah, it's a huge
 Huge honor for me to have you guys listening to the stuff that we share and I hope that it helps
 So that's why I got tonight. Thanks. You guys appreciate you all having an amazing night
 We'll see you guys all again tomorrow. Bye
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [cheers and applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
