 What's up everybody good morning. This is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 Today I want to talk about something that I know all of us entrepreneurs deal with a lot
 Which is pressure and noise if you listen to Alex
 Sharfen if you studied him the entrepreneur personality type he talks a lot about how
 entrepreneurs
 You know when when you are able to lower pressure and noise you can do greatness you can change the world
 but when pressure is gets higher gets really difficult and
 And oftentimes it turns into chaos and bad things and so I'll talk about
 That during this episode because I'm in definitely a state of increased pressure noise
 And I want to talk about what I'm kind of doing to deal with it and how it's helping
 So with that said I'm a cute theme song we come back. We're in dive deep
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome the marketing seekers
 All right, so you're like most of you
 and
 Every okay, what step you are in your entrepreneurial journey if you are beginning if you are growing if you are scaling if you are
 Selling if you are buying if you're like whatever you're doing
 There are times when you have increased pressure noise and Alex sharpens are my friends. I love his stuff
 he was one of our head coaches for the two comic club ex coaching program for a while and
 He has a whole message he talks about entrepreneur entrepreneurial personality types EPT easy calls when people like us
 Right and he always says you know, you're not you're not broken. You're not weird. You're you're just different. You're an entrepreneur
 That's okay, and and in his teachings he talks a lot about just how
 How entrepreneurs a lot of times people think we're crazy and like a lot of entrepreneurs entrepreneurs the ones who snap and go crazy and like
 You know go off the deep end and and other times the ones who are creating the most amazing things in the world
 Right and he talks about there's this fine line between like greatness and like chaos, right?
 And for entrepreneurs the biggest thing you have to do is you have to like if you can decrease the pressure noise around you
 Then you can succeed when the pressure noise goes up. That's where you
 Typically they crash and burn
 If you think about most of you know if you've had a chance to crash and burn a business or two
 You probably knows during a season or time of increased pressure noise and it's hard to handle it
 And that's when things happened, right?
 That's why it's so important to out to build a team and have people around you and things help support you to decrease the pressure noise
 You can succeed. So there's a little little mini chunk out of
 Sharfins training so you guys understand kind of the context what I'm talking about but in my life over the last 30 days has
 Been an insane increase in pressure noise. I can't talk about all the things
 But people I love who
 Who I work with daily or you know who have had to
 To have had health issues that was not expecting
 There's that and then there's you know
 We just finished our first acquisition and we were in the middle of our second acquisition
 There's a few new companies coming in we also have for locking live in like 30 days. We also have a
 New coaching program that we are changing. We also have anyway, I can't tell you all the things
 There's a lot of stuff and it's exciting and it's like
 Part partially it's like the most exciting time of the business right like I just have so many fun things and so many things like side
 Of war but then on the other side man between all these things that was not planning over the last 30 days
 like the pressure and noise and things have gone up dramatically and
 I don't know what you guys but it's made for me. It's hard to sleep and I like I lay there in bed
 I'm so tired
 I can't sleep because there's just these things happening and like all the stuff and the stress and the all the balls are juggling
 You don't want to drop them right and I'm curious how many of us have felt that before right?
 And for me it's like the last month
 It's been hard to sleep and then I come into the office and there's so many things to do they have time
 I don't know where to start and there's just this and there's this and there's this and all of them are like on fire and you're like
 And just it's overwhelming sometimes
 And so it's interesting because by default I want to like get things done
 So I go and I start working working working and try to get a task of a task
 But it seems like an insurmountable thing and so earlier this week
 I had a thought and he has a firm talk about the big domino before right like in every cell's presentation
 It's like one big domino if you can knock down that one domino it takes care of everything else and all the other dominoes fall down and and
 It's true in selling but it's true in a lot of aspects of life
 right and I started looking at all my big huge tasks and all the things you know
 Like each each to do have like 500 little sub to do's instead of looking all the subsidies
 I started looking at the bigger tasks with a bigger project of the thing and saying okay
 What's the one big domino I can do that's gonna knock down all these little tasks?
 I don't there's no way I can do all of them like it's virtually impossible
 Like what is the big domino or who is the big domino like who is the person that's gonna come they could take this off of my my plate
 What's been interesting is I've to to be able to look at this differently
 I've had this completely slow down which has been hard for me so I'm like
 I'm not gonna make it to the finish line if I stop
 But at the same time like I'm not gonna make the finish line no matter what so it's forced me to stop and say what I gotta find
 The person or the thing or that whatever that's gonna knock this thing down
 It's maybe it's maybe sit there in my thoughts for a lot longer
 Which has been good not thought of how do I get them the task?
 What's the thought is like who is the person I can find or what's the process or the thing I need to do?
 They get rid of all its other tasks so I can actually make it to the finish line and
 I've been doing that. It's been interesting because
 You know sometimes you ask you know you ask better questions you get better answers and so that's the question start asking and all of a sudden
 The answer started coming clear and it was like okay
 Well if I had a person for here this would make all these things disappear
 I'm like well who's the person for like I don't know somebody and it's like okay
 Let's think like and sitting your thoughts and thinking and thinking and praying and thinking and like trying to figure things out
 And all of a sudden it's like oh what about this person or how about this or how about this or literally like one of the things was a
 Text message from a friend who's like hey, there's a person you shouldn't meet and it's like oh my gosh that that person
 I think is the big dominoes can knock down this set of things for me and
 It's been interesting because this week I had a whole pass with the stuff. I had to get done
 I have not had a chance to do my tasks yet, but
 I've had longer meetings which I hate meetings typically have slow like two to three hour meetings with certain people
 To build a relationship to be able to hand the the reins to somebody to go then go and knock down the domino for me
 And I can tell you it's like
 Like Friday was the first time this happened. I remember leaving Friday. It was the first night
 I was just like not stressed when I left. It's like oh my gosh like this might be possible and today I did it again
 It's like okay. This this might actually be possible
 And it wasn't for me speeding up or spending more hours or doing more things
 It was me stopping stepping back and trying to figure out the big dominoes
 So for you guys as you are entrepreneurs and you have increased pressure noise and you're stressing about all the things
 I want to encourage you to slow down or maybe even stop for a moment and look at this task differently
 Not from how in the world my game is done
 We're gonna find the extra time, but who is the big domino?
 What is the big domino that if I can figure that out it makes all the other ones irrelevant and
 That's been the thing for me. That's keeping me sane
 That's getting me excited and helping me to now finally starting to see the finish line again like oh my gosh there
 I can see it. It's possible. You're saying there's a chance. I could actually make it to the end
 And so as I'm getting through that and get I spent two and a half hours meeting somebody today and I'm like oh my gosh like
 I feel better. I'm gonna probably gonna sleep tonight a little bit and pumped about that
 It made me think I'm gonna stop for a second and just do a quick podcast for my people because I'm sure some of you guys are in that same season
 If you're right now you will be soon and so just
 Remembering that remembering the big domino concept in in a way you can solve
 Solve these kind of problems for yourself. So I hope that helps. I hope that was useful
 I'm grateful for all you guys for listening for subscribing for paying attention
 I'm trying to serve you at my highest level and sometimes it's overwhelming
 But I feel like we're doing good work
 And I feel like the fruits of the stuff that we're creating for you guys right now as you can change a lot of lives
 Hopefully your life
 so
 Keep your eyes out everything from funnel hacking live till January of 20 whatever next year is 2022
 It's gonna be a crazy ride. You see a lot of stuff happen and it's gonna be it's gonna be fun
 So I'm pumped I'm pumped to show you when we're working on
 That's what I got
 There's the tease. All right. Appreciate y'all. Thanks for listening and we'll talk to you guys all soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay. Now the phone over your text is
 2008-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add
 Me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this text and communities
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
