 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 And actually, we're like a couple days before Christmas.
 Let's say, hey, maybe I should say, oh, oh, oh,
 Merry Christmas and welcome to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe
 in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 All right, everybody.
 We are getting ready for the holidays.
 I hope you are as well.
 I know this year has been nuts for pretty much everybody.
 And so I hope that we are, like me, looking forward
 to a time where we get to stop thinking and stressing
 and just think about our families for a little bit.
 I am looking forward to it.
 Hopefully you are as well.
 Anyway, I'm telling you guys the story.
 It happened last night.
 It was kind of interesting.
 So we were going to--
 my wife had actually-- we were with the kids.
 It was after a church and we were kind of getting the kids
 settled.
 And we had a Christmas program at church, which was really nice.
 But kind of the tone in the house hasn't been Christmas-y.
 And my wife, Collette, was just like,
 we need to do something so it feels like Christmas in here.
 So she went and put in the Polar Express, which
 obviously we've seen that a million times.
 It was kind of fun as a family.
 I sit and watch it.
 And it was interesting as I was watching this, the whole concept
 is believe.
 And just talking about believing in Santa and things like that.
 And I'm not going to talk too much about that.
 But I think that obviously all the things
 that are happening in the Christmas holiday
 are symbolic, right?
 The symbolism of gifts and Christ is representing Christ
 and Him coming and Him bringing the ultimate gift of His life
 to us and how amazing it is.
 And then our job is to believe in Him and believe in that gift
 and believe in these things.
 And again, I know that there are different faiths
 and denominations listening to this.
 And if you're not Christian, that's OK.
 If you were to tell me some of your beliefs,
 and matter what you had, I would respect that and listen.
 And it wouldn't be offensive to me.
 So hopefully it's not to you either.
 But as a Christian, as someone who believes in Christ,
 I think that Christmas is all symbolic, obviously,
 of Him and this gift He brought.
 And our job is to believe in Him and to have
 enough belief that our belief actually leads into actions,
 right?
 Like if you do believe Him, then what does that mean about you?
 How are you going to try to change your life?
 How are you going to become a better person?
 How are you going to try to live?
 And it's interesting as I was thinking about that,
 I was thinking Christmas is such a type and shadow
 of Christ.
 And I was thinking about just how many other things
 throughout life are types and shadows of that, right?
 For those who read the Old Testament,
 you have the story of Abraham and Isaac
 and how he had to sacrifice his son, right?
 And that is a type and shadow of when our Heavenly Father had
 to sacrifice his son Christ.
 And throughout the Bible and through other scriptures,
 like there's all these types and shadows
 where things are happening and it's foreshadowing,
 events are happening later in time, right?
 And it's so interesting.
 And I think that I feel like we have this consistent--
 I don't know how to explain this correctly.
 Hopefully I don't mess this up too bad.
 But throughout our lives, there's
 these patterns that repeat themselves for us
 to see and to notice, right?
 And it's interesting because--
 and my goal is not to get sacrilegious with this,
 so hopefully I'm not.
 But it's interesting, you guys are here
 listening to this podcast because you're an entrepreneur
 and you're trying to figure out how to market your business
 and things like that.
 So what's the correlation for us, right?
 And you think about that in the movie The Polar Express,
 these kids are getting on a train.
 And the train's moving forward.
 And one of the lines at the end is
 your job is not to think at the train
 and try to decide if the train's real or not.
 Your job is just to get on the train, right?
 And they go through this whole process
 and talk about how important it is to believe.
 And you've got to believe in this thing.
 You can't see it.
 And there's the guy on the top of The Polar Express
 who's the naysayer who's like, if you can't see it,
 you can't believe it.
 And there's the light and the dark pulling in both directions,
 right?
 And so obviously, there's the spiritual journey
 that's symbolizing, right?
 Like, this life, we're on this train,
 we're going towards something.
 You believe you don't believe there's people holding you away
 and all those kind of things as you are going
 to this destination.
 But I think about it with business, how similar it is to.
 Like, we come on this business and it's like, OK,
 the train's moving, right?
 All you guys who are here, either you're on the train
 now or you're watching the train go by,
 you're seeing stories of person after person
 after person having success.
 And you're like, I don't know what to do.
 I go, I get on the train, right?
 I get off the train.
 Is that train even real?
 Like, is this stuff real Russell's talking about?
 Is it fake?
 People actually having success?
 Like, there's all these things, right?
 And the first step is your goal is not to just
 try to believe that the train's real or not,
 is just to get on the train, right?
 And so if you're not on the train, that's the first step.
 And then you get on the train and then it's like,
 you know, I still think there's so many people
 that are skeptical, like, ah, this is real,
 is it not real?
 Like, do I believe, do I not believe?
 And it's like, you've got to believe,
 because if you don't believe, like,
 you don't have faith first and your actions
 aren't going to fall, right?
 I think this might be real, but I'm not really sure
 the way that you pursue that is going to change, right?
 It's the reason why when we have faith in God
 or in Christ, wherever you have faith in, right?
 Like, if you have faith and you actually believe,
 you're going to do things differently,
 you're going to live differently,
 you're going to become someone different
 because you have belief in it.
 If you're like, ah, this may or not,
 may not be, like, you're more skeptical,
 like you're not going to take the steps you need to do.
 And the same thing is true in business.
 Like, in business, if you're getting on this train
 and you're like, ah, I think it's true,
 but I'm not really sure, I'm kind of going back and forth.
 Like, maybe it's a scam, maybe it's not,
 maybe I'm successful, maybe I'm not going to be able
 to be successful, like all the things, right?
 You don't have belief, you're not going to take the steps
 necessary to be successful.
 Like, that's just a, that's an eternal principle,
 like, in anything, you know?
 And it's true in, you know, obviously this is a business
 podcast, but it's true in all aspects of life, right?
 With marriage, when you meet your spouse,
 your significant other, that person that you're going to marry
 and it's like, ah, do I get on the train,
 do I not get on the train?
 And like, is this the right person?
 It's like, no, like, you have to believe this is the right
 person, right?
 You have to have belief in it.
 And then, if you believe like, this is your person,
 that you're going to marry, this is my spouse, like,
 you do things differently, right?
 You become someone different.
 And so it's true in all aspects of life.
 Same with if you're going to schooling,
 if you're going to, ah, I don't care what it is.
 And so, as I was watching, I was just like thinking how
 interesting it is, how we have these types and these
 shadows that, that the process is the same,
 though, over and over and over again, right?
 And so, in this Christmas season, I just, um, I don't know,
 this is kind of a weird podcast to do, and I'm just
 nervous recording it, and maybe it makes no sense to you,
 but I think that these principles, um, you know,
 they're, as we use them in the Christmas thing,
 they're kind of funny, and they're cute.
 You watch all the cartoons and the TV shows, um,
 and there's that version of it.
 But if you look at it through the lens of, like,
 this is a type and a shadow of, of my beliefs in God,
 or my beliefs in my business, or my beliefs in my spouse,
 or my beliefs in myself, my own identity, my own,
 I start looking at that.
 There's these really cool patterns that happen consistently
 over and over and over and over and over again.
 Um, and maybe the movie's talking about belief in something
 that may not actually be real, but it's, again,
 it's a fable, it's a story to illustrate something differently,
 right? Um, and so, um, I don't know.
 That's kind of been my interesting thing for me,
 as I've been watching this, and just looking at, you know,
 I used to watch Christmas movies, um, just for an enjoying thing,
 but I'm trying to look at them now, at least as of yesterday,
 like, as a personal development seminar, right?
 Like, what are the principles here? They're talking about belief,
 they're talking about faith, they're talking about,
 if you do have belief, like, how does that change?
 If you have real faith, how does that change your actions?
 And then, um, what's the fruits of that?
 Like, what happens because of it, right?
 And so, anyway, um, it's kind of interesting.
 So, my, uh, my challenge for you guys in this Christmas season,
 is you guys are watching these things and having fun with your family.
 You just, um, start looking at it, because it's something you can use
 in different areas of your, of your life, from your,
 again, from your business, um, to your spiritual life,
 to your family life, to your relationships.
 Uh, the pattern is there, um, and it repeats itself over and over and over again.
 It's interesting, it's like, um, when I was geeking out and doing all the study
 on the Heroes 2 journeys, um, if I've done some episodes on that,
 but if you read the book, The Hero with a Thousand Faces, right,
 he talks about Joseph Campbell in that book, talks about how to look at all, uh,
 story from, like, the beginning of time till now.
 It doesn't matter what society, what language, what time, what era,
 um, the story frameworks are the same.
 And there, you see them over and over and over again, right?
 Um, almost all successful movie, book, folklore, myth, story, like,
 they all fall at the same pattern.
 And I think for a lot of us, we, you know, at least for me,
 I'm like, that's really cool.
 I'm gonna, you know, I, this is the pattern that George Lucas used to build,
 Star Wars, like it's really cool.
 There's the pattern I see it.
 I'm gonna, I'm gonna go back and replicate it, but it's like,
 wait, why, why is that pattern there everywhere?
 Like, why has it been in our DNA as a society,
 from the beginning of time till now?
 It doesn't matter what language, what society, what time, what era you live in,
 that that thing is there.
 And it's like, maybe it's just not a storyline that someone invented and taught everybody back,
 way back in the day.
 Maybe there's, maybe it's a framework.
 Maybe it's true.
 Maybe it's, it's something there.
 In fact, if you start looking at just then the hero of a thousand faces, right?
 That book or that framework, it's like, oh my gosh, like the reason why this,
 this storyline has been used so many times is because it's our storyline.
 It's your storyline, right?
 You start looking at that and that's the reason why we connect with those movies because
 we start seeing this over and over and over again.
 It's like, this is, this is my story.
 And so, I don't know, maybe, maybe I'm overthinking things.
 Maybe I, maybe it's out of place when you talk about this on a marketing podcast,
 but I just want you guys to, as you're watching movies and things,
 just try to put yourself in that, how does this relate to your business?
 How does it relate to your life?
 How does it relate to your spirituality?
 How does it relate to your relationship with the God?
 Because it does.
 And even though the story is maybe goofy, maybe a reindeer with a red nose and maybe
 whatever, it's the frameworks, the stories that you guys are hearing are based on true principles
 and there's truth in all these things.
 So, anyway, there you go.
 I'm sure I found someone for you.
 I apologize for everybody else hoping you enjoyed it.
 And if you got nothing from this, then just skip through it and listen to the next episode
 after Christmas.
 But that said, Merry Christmas.
 I appreciate you guys all.
 I'm grateful to be here, grateful, honestly for your attention.
 You know, the fact that you listen in, this podcast means the world to me.
 Hopefully you get value from it and we have some new things coming up in the new year
 and moving forward to make this podcast even better and more exciting.
 So, I'll keep you guys live on that.
 With that said, if I don't talk to you before the end of the holidays, have a great holiday
 and I'll talk to you all again later.
 Bye, everybody.
 Hey, everybody.
 This is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community, which means you can text me your questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions through text messages to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message, okay?
 Now, the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back
 a message where you can add me to your phone and then we can start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community, so I'm going to be giving you out free swag,
 giving you away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So, what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
