 Hey everybody, this is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets podcast favorite talking about the CEO swap
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so it's a beautiful Sunday and walking church today by myself and it's kind of a long walk
 So I thought what better could I possibly do then to jump on and hang out the extra few minutes? So if that's okay, but
 anyway
 This last week was kind of cool. I think I told you as before that
 Brandon and Kaitlyn from Lady Boss
 And I decided to do
 Like a like a swapping consulting days, right?
 And so what I want to work with them on is they've they've done a really good job structuring their company their meetings their employees
 They're just their whole everything they learned a lot of initially from Alex Sharfen and then they went and as
 Brandon typically does went and
 perfected and added to the system made a bunch of other stuff and and then it's been beating on for the last like year and just
 Really like fine-tuned the process and
 Anyways, it's amazing what they're what they're doing and
 and
 What I found out is that they only have like five funnels and they don't do any new funnels and
 Anyway, and they want to go cold traffic and one new funnel. So I was gonna swap consulting where I was gonna walk them through
 What I would do in the funnel stuff. So it's cool. So Thursday the whole day going through all of our stuff
 And I'm not gonna lie. This is like the part of business that I
 Don't love if anyone's wondering how click phones has grown so big two reasons and one actually three reasons number one
 We have an amazing product number two. We have insane team who is super talented and super passionate and loves
 We do and number three really good at marketing something stuff
 So we've done that in spite of our flaws and that's how we've grown to you know over a hundred million dollars in your sales
 But the downside is that we've never been good at like the business structuring and planning and meeting and all those
 Kind of things we've just haven't been as good at right?
 and mostly because as the
 CEO or leader everyone call it the head dancing monkey
 I don't necessarily like those things are not good at them because that like the whole culture doesn't have them
 And so it's just been a lacking thing
 So as Brandon's going through it all first I'm gonna really excited and I'm getting all depressed and stressed
 I'm like oh, I'd rather die and then do all those things. He's home. I need to do
 I know they're essential, but I'd rather just go sell something else
 And so I'm kind of like filling the pressure on the stress first. I feel like a little hope
 followed by like
 Like despair, I guess it's probably the best word I'm like wait
 You have to stop filming funnels for like two months to get the thing to work
 Well, so anyway, then we fast forward the next day so Friday coming in
 We started going into funnels. I started geeking out. I started freaking out jumping around having so much fun
 And I feel like Brandon was probably feeling something similar like man
 How are we gonna get all of this?
 How can you get my team to understand all this like I get a conceptually, but how do I get them to do it?
 anyway, so we're going forward on our consulting swapping days and then
 It's like three o'clock in the afternoon
 Almost as a joke. I was like, you know what we should do. We should do a CEO swap
 We're even gonna see you click funnels for a week
 I become a CEO of Lady Boss for a week and then we just switch roles and implement all this crap and switch back and then we're like wait
 What if we actually switch roles for a week and then we started going crazy about it
 I was just like wait that means you could come in and literally just
 Do all this stuff for me. I'll set that you love to do anyway and and build it in build the structure
 Run the meetings like all that stuff until we have like the process in and I could just go work with my funnel builders
 And build an amazing funnel
 Which is all we really want to do and the end of it you end out with like the funnel done
 I end up with the structure and the meetings all done and we both end up
 Manhattan's better so instead of just
 Instead of just swapping ideas and consulting is like swapping like our superpowers and so we called it the CEO swap and
 So Brandon came when they bumped out the fly a little later yesterday of Saturday. We went in and worked
 I was there till two o'clock last night
 Working on their funnels there there went on my entire team working on other stuff and it's insane like how much we got done in such a
 Short period time. We're literally for media implants process
 We're going through probably conservatively we're taking me from now to the end of the year and it would have like
 Not been fun. We'd been a lot of pain and now it's like it's gonna be
 By this time next week, it'll be completely done implemented installed and like running and their fun
 We'll should be done completely ready handed off for them to start driving traffic to you, which is oh
 Like the cool thing so telling you this because you guys should do SEO swaps nice. Yo CEO CEO swaps, right?
 I find somebody
 Who has your the opposite of your superpower, right?
 Let's say you got a company built off Facebook as you're killing it
 You find another company who's killing it and they've done everything on SEO swap like
 CEO swap with them or whatever marketing department swap with them or whatever and figure out the other side of it, right?
 Or maybe you're someone who's got a call center
 It's crushing it and the other guys got a VSL is crushing it like swap
 Hey, come build out my call center. I'll come build out your VSL boom swap skills
 And now you just like duplicated your superpowers inside of other person's business
 Oh so powerful so consulting days first off are awesome. You should be that anyway, but if you want to go the next level
 Do consulting day and then it's like, you know, this is good. Let's do a CEO swap boom
 and then go deeper and
 If you have half experience or haven't now, it will be amazing. So anyway, I just want to share with you guys because I think
 A lot of times we get too caught up in trying to figure out how to do the how to do the thing and
 The biggest problem with the house. They have to learn how to do the how, right? I did an episode here
 Probably three or four months ago, where I talked about it's the who not the how
 When I learned from Dan Sullivan and his biggest thing if you listen that podcast was
 The biggest problem entrepreneurs we see exactly we see our vision right what we want to accomplish
 And start moving towards it as soon as we get stuck in it and like how do I do something?
 Then we instantly like it's not our superpower if you don't know how to do it
 Then we will start procrastinating because we don't know how to do it, right?
 And his goal of how to get a procrastination is not to go learn the how it's to go find the who who already knows how
 And get that who to do the thing for you. Okay, so sometimes we're consulting. It's like that's awesome. That's not my superpower
 It's like cool. Who's who the game plan is so you find the rock star who can implement it for you or
 Have the person who's coaching how to do it?
 Who's done a million times have them actually implement it for you and you pay them or swap them like again
 The swapping idea is it's super cool because the brand was to pay me to build a funnel form like this
 I mean, I wouldn't even
 Consider doing it for
 I don't know
 It's probably at least 500 grand or so for me like stop the opportunity cost to go and focus on it
 Right, and now I was gonna have it done and completed within a week and for him to go stop his whole business and come to set up my whole
 Structure meetings org chart
 Scorecards like all this insanely annoying boring part of business stuff that we have to do that we're not doing
 Like how much would it charge him? He probably charged me half million bucks to do right
 So it's our realistic for most people to pay half million bucks for a funnel and half million bucks for someone to set up your meetings
 But in this situation we both value
 The other person's superpowers, so we just swapped so
 Anyway, I hope that gets you guys pumped. You should start looking at that. Look at the other businesses around look at your friends
 colleagues look at
 Look at peers look at all that stuff
 Who have what you what you want and do a seat y'all swap and swap for a day or for a week or for a you know
 Whatever whatever you did need to do. I remember ran fishkin. He used to be the the owner of
 Moz calm, which is SEO Moz before that
 He sort of book called
 Lost and founder which if you read that book you will realize that I'm completely right about taking venture capital money
 So there's sort of another day
 But the books were really good. One thing she talked about in there is as he was growing his company
 He was the owner of the software company helped SEOs and helped
 Agencies and he had a friend who was running agencies in your software and so they they CEO swapped and
 Rand went and actually like they swapped like house that he lived at the dude's house that guy lived at his house
 Like I don't know how the wives were okay with that my wife would kill me if I was like
 anyway, but
 That's that's besides the point, right
 So they did the swap and it was cool because
 Rand was able to go down into the trenches and see what I actually like to run an agency again and see
 the experience and then try to use his tools to think and realize oh my gosh
 She likes gaps that as an actual owner like I can't like my people can't do these things because these gaps in our product
 And usually make the product better and then the other dude who was in the agency went back and started became the CEO of the SEO
 MOS for a while first off had empathy for for them now a second off they'll work the team back
 No, these like why are you prioritizing this like we would never actually use this like you should be prioritizing here and like the swap changed everything for them
 so
 Anyway, I think it's valuable. I think it's worth most of us all doing so
 Find someone super power you want where you have super power that they want and CEO swap them
 And uh, you will jump yourself forward six months a year to yours in your company literally overnight
 Which is totally worth it in every case every scenario. So thanks you guys appreciate you. I'm home
 I'm gonna go get some to eat and I'll talk to you soon
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
