 Hey, good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson and I want to welcome you back to the marketing secrets podcast
 I just dropped my kids off at school and I'm slowly
 Exiting the parking lot with a million kids driving hoping for my life
 But I want to talk about something sitting in my mind for a little while which is
 Some of the downsides of being like a hyper achiever
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everyone still in the kids parking lot trying to get out
 But I wanted to talk to you guys today about something that I
 Was thinking about a lot this weekend and it's interesting. I don't know if you'll learn anything from this
 But I think for people who are like me. Hopefully you'll
 Fill less alone and then people who aren't like me. This is like me sitting on a couch and you get to be my therapist
 So that's kind of the game. I hope that's all right
 But what I want to talk about is
 Some of the downsides of being a
 An achiever especially like a hyperachiever
 You know, it's been interesting in my life
 And I would say all my life when I was younger I didn't have much direction or motivation or
 Or things I was trying to do I used to come home from school and we'd watch cartoons and we eat Cheerios or rice
 Crispies until dinner and then we eat dinner and do homework and that's kind of it and
 You know, I tried to play basketball. I tried to do some things. I didn't have I wasn't that good anything
 It wasn't until I started wrestling
 That I have like my first identity ship my first thing where I like did something
 I was like oh my gosh, this is who I am. This is what I become and
 Like that was the day I became an achiever like I want to I don't want to be good
 I want to be the best in fact
 I remember there's a there's an old wrestling movie
 We used to always watch and had Tom and Terry Branson on it who you know who they are they were twin brothers the rest of Iowa
 Both world champs one of them was Olympic champ and the video started with Tom brand saying my not my name is Tom brands
 And my goal simple I want to be the greatest wrestler in the whole world and the next
 Scene was Terry brands. He said my name is Terry brands and my goal simple. I want to be the greatest wrestler in the whole world
 I remember I used to watch that
 I think my head like my name is Russell Brunson and my goal simple
 I want to be the greatest wrestler in the whole world and that was my goal and
 Obviously, I never met that goal and never became the greatest wrestler of all time, but I said a high goal
 I started working towards it and I killed myself
 To reach that goal and I became an achiever so much so where I was I would do anything right?
 I would I would cut 30 pounds. We got so my high school kid that literally would come on Monday at 160 pounds my sophomore year
 And then Thursday at weight 130
 So yeah, I was losing 30 pounds a week every single week. I was doing I just crazy things. I was working out. I was you know, just
 wrestling lifting weights like traveling around the country everything I could to reach that goal, right?
 And it's interesting it's like there there's something powerful about me in a high achiever like you have this drive and you push and you get to
 Accomplish and achieve things
 But one of the downsides probably the biggest downside is it's hard to be content
 And that's something I've struggled with my whole life in fact
 I see people who are very content and it's something that I am jealous of like man
 I wish I could just be content. I wish I could just sit there wish I could just relax and
 the reason I start thinking about this this weekend is because I start thinking about like when in my life if I
 I can I really felt content and
 As hard as I could think I only remember two times
 The first time was in wrestling it was I
 Don't apologize. I'm kind of a cold right now. So I'm sniffling. That's why or if I've always felt funny
 so the first time that I think I I
 Ever felt content was
 After my junior year and I'd set the goal I wanted to be a state champ and I'd work towards it work towards it
 Or towards it. I remember my junior year. I won the state title and we're winning it and then in the car driving home
 I remember
 I guess is you know 17 year old Russell at the time and I'm driving home and looking around I'm looking at all the mountains and the
 The scenery outside and I was like this is all and I live in Utah as a Utah state champ looking around. I was like
 like this is
 All of Utah and I'm the state champ on the best in Utah right now the best in this entire state and I remember like
 Filling so content has driving home and just like I did I achieved that thing and the rest of my wrestling career
 I was always chasing after goals and dreams play. I wanted to be
 an all-American I did get that became an all-American, but I wanted to be a national champ
 I took second and then college and wanted to win this tournament that tournament and I never like
 Like I did well, but I never like I've never done a national champ. I've never a packed 10 champ
 I never got it experience. I like the big the big win again, right?
 Like I wouldn't turn it into things like that
 But it wasn't like when my state title was was the big thing right and I felt so content afterwards
 and
 So but yeah the rest of my wrestling career I kept racing chasing chasing chasing and then eventually
 You know I lost and I my career ended and that was the end of it
 I never achieve that thing and then for me I was like, ah like as an achiever I achieved something and at the time
 I'd kind of started my business and so I shift my focus to business and then I spent the next
 You know a decade and a half running in business running in business and the weirdest thing about business was there was never like a
 There's never like a time you got your hand raised like you never ended just like this continual
 cycle I can wrestling there be like tons of
 Work an effort towards a goal and then you either win or you lose but there's it was finite where businesses like this revolving circle
 Which is good on some ends because the game you can play for a long long time
 And but it's also bad because like I never I never got my hand raised and never ended I never I never felt like I
 achieved something fact I remember one time somebody asked me like when did you like you made it and I was like
 I don't know. I'll let you know if I ever do like I'm I've never felt that way. There's always this constant pressure and grind and like
 And I've enjoyed it as an achiever. It's taking me a lot of places. I've met a lot of cool people
 Done a lot of cool things accomplished a lot of cool stuff
 You know, but it was never like a point where I was like
 Even when I go on mastermind trips retreats or things like that like there's always this anxiety or stress
 You know for locking live like I always think they in the end of it
 I'm gonna feel like this this you know this complacency or this
 You know that feeling but I never felt it because it was done
 It's like oh we sold people in our coaching program
 I'm gonna work about that and like she's always this is called to stress separate one time and the one time was after the
 10x event and see us know the story. I said the goal before we went I was like I want to do three million dollars in sales because that means on that a
 million and
 That event was like the perfect storm where we said whole thing the presentation just killed it and
 I went doing three point two million dollars in sales and there was this moment after the pitch was done
 And I stood in line for like six hours taking pictures of everyone
 And clap night went back to our room. We were so tired and we were laying in bed
 And we took this picture of us just like laying a bed smiling together
 It only passed out for like four hours and that was the second time in life
 I can remember being content. I was just like we did it
 Said a big goal achieved it and then it was done and then I remember that night
 We went after we woke up we went back into the the room wherever was processing the money and doing the you know counting all the order forms and
 It just felt complete. It was like finally I could died it set the goal
 I achieved it and I got a break and a chance to rest
 And those are the two times in my life. It's not funny
 Two times my life where I felt like I could rest or I was like oh like I did it and the rest of my life has been has been running and
 Sprinting you know and I think I don't know about you
 But for me it's always like well like when my book's done
 I'll have a chance to rest or when the the events done or when the thing or whatever but
 Each of those as I finish one it starts the next thing right like we finished the book
 And then we started the book promotion then we finished the promotion
 Then we got to start the the back-and-cells and the back-and-cells the event and the next thing and just keeps going and going and like
 never felt that like that
 Feeling of it being done. I'm just like oh, it's finished and
 Yeah, I guess it's a little two times in my life. I can I can I can remember feeling that that feeling
 And so being a cheever like I said, it's amazing because it gives you a chance to run into
 To achieve these and experience things and it makes your life very fulfilling
 I feel like my life is very colorful like if you're gonna pay these this beautiful amazing thing and I love it
 But the thing that I that I miss is like that the downtime the quietness the that feeling of like you did it
 I thought that's probably been chasing for so long
 So we as though like I started
 my next book and almost a year probably over a year ago now thing and
 the subtitle book was gonna be the the
 The art of achievement or excuse me the science of achievement the art of fulfillment because that's what I wanted the book to be about and
 I was interested because the parts where I was writing about achievement was really easy to be right the science of achievement
 Here's how we do it here's how we you know like that part was really easy and then every time we got to the art of fulfillment
 That part was really really difficult for me like I struggled writing those things
 So much so that I ended up stopping writing that book and I was like, you know what like this isn't I
 Don't know how to be fulfilled. I haven't felt that like I don't feel content. I don't feel fulfilled all the time like
 I'm still trying to figure this out. So I'll actually change the whole book where the the book now
 I changed the title as well
 The new book is gonna be called the secrets of success
 And it's gonna be about achievement about success
 How do you get these things because that's what I've mastered that I understand that I'm good at but the full-foven part
 I don't know yet. I understand pieces of I understand the psychology understand things, but I haven't been able to really
 fill that that often in my life and so
 I'm saving that book or that part of the book for a later year in my life
 I have a chance to figure this things out. So
 Anyway, this weekend for me was interesting as I sat down I had this this chance to start thinking through like
 Like how do I feel fulfilled? How do I feel content? Like what is that thing?
 And that's when the whole thought came like when we in my life one of I felt content and all the times
 I could think about was with the state title and when I
 Did the three point two million dollars in sales at the 10x event
 The two times I felt like I could rest and I feel like I'm chasing something looking for that next time to rest
 And so I think for me it all report back on this
 I'm gonna try to set goals
 that have a
 Have a celebration
 I read like when you achieve this thing you did this this and how you get to rest like take a day off or do whatever like
 I don't take any days off like
 When I do it you just stress the out because the next things in the way or things are happening. You don't mean
 So anyway, that's the pros of the cons of me to achieve her right
 I'm sure some of you guys relate to that. So you guys think I'm crazy either way. It's totally cool
 But for me, that's what I'm looking for is like how do I how to get more of those things in my life and for any of you guys
 Who have been on this?
 This hamster will like me you're running and you're achieving and you're doing the things
 They want to give yourself permission to to try to do what I'm trying to do which is okay
 How do I how do I fulfill it? How do I get my hand raise? How do I?
 How do I succeed and then rest in that moment so I can I can fill it I can enjoy it
 And recharge off it before I go to the next accomplishment before I climb the next mountain before I try to conquer the next demon
 So anyway, that's what's on my mind this weekend. Hopefully this helps somebody like I said
 It's not really how to as much as most of our podcast episodes, but hopefully
 Just yeah again therapy for me to talk it out. So thanks you guys
 I appreciate you all for listening and hopefully you have a great day. Talk soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you also Dan Kenny
 And I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost twenty thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter calm not only you can get the twenty thousand dollar gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand-delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me to get this gift
 And your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
