 What's up my friends? This is Russell. I am in my gym right now and I just got done working out first off
 And then doing a Facebook live excuse me was Instagram live which I've not done Instagram live for a long long long time
 and
 It's cool. I click the button to share a thought and also there's like 250 people on and then I started having some fun
 So I shared the thought this in Q&A and I thought it would be fun to share here
 so I'm gonna drop that so right now hopefully as enjoy it and
 The first thing I talk about is the drifter versus the driven talk about your values your identity your thermometer
 How to increase that and how to make sure you are?
 Someone who's driven is opposed someone who's a drifter and I think you'll enjoy it
 Hopefully maybe I'll hate it think that I'm judgmental and I workaholic and that's cool too. I
 Love you no matter what but hopefully you enjoy it and hopefully sparks and ideas and some thoughts and get you excited about
 moving and becoming driven so
 Again, thanks much for listening to this podcast episode. Appreciate y'all and let me know what you think
 You want me to do more lives like this as well. Thanks everybody
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing sickness
 Hey, what's going on everybody this is Russell and
 I'm not going live on Instagram for a long time, but sitting out here working out
 I'm pouring covered in sweat having fun and then thinking about a lot of stuff
 And just why I would jump in here and say what's up and share some ideas you guys
 So if you're cool, he has cool if I spend a little time talking to some ideas. They're spitting in my head right now
 so me as know we are preparing for once a year we do an event called unlock secrets and it is our vet for young entrepreneurs and
 The event's happening next week. So I'm actually going out there
 We have I think 800 people coming and like half of them are teenagers, which is so exciting
 So I'm preparing my thoughts my presentation and
 This event's gonna be different and I'm really excited for instead of going just hardcore like
 Marketing and funnels and we are gonna get some hardcore marketing funnels in with these guys
 But I wanted to step back and I'm gonna spend my first play 90 minutes or so everybody talking about this amazing thing up here
 Not our good looks our brains
 A lot of years
 I'm also in the middle of writing my next book my very first book on personal development, which I'm so excited for
 So many of them told the you the title the title is secrets of success. How many guys were excited to read it
 I mean, I promised me you'll read when it comes out
 But essentially I actually wrote and over 200 pages of this book and then I realized it was the wrong book
 So I deleted it started again wrote another
 I don't know a lot in fact. I even did an event in Mexico with my mastermind group
 Which was really cool and taught some really cool principles bad as I say still not right still right
 I've since the last probably 90 days or so going deep deep deep into understanding human mind how it works and then like actual
 practical application on myself and
 It has been fascinating and exciting and I'm freaking out and so with the kids. I wish I could go deep on everything
 I'm not able to
 Only 90 minutes on something that should be a three or five day event or longer, but I'm going to go and
 And share some of the core pieces of them
 Which I'm really excited and there's one piece of the core piece
 I want to share with you guys today if you're cool with that if you guys cool
 Let me know in the comments down below. They're like, hey, yeah, Russell. I'm cool with that. I'm cool sharing some time
 So
 As I'm working on this book there's really like there's two camps of people
 And I've had different names for them
 It's interesting if you look at different books and things you read as well like if you read iron ran and Atlas shrug
 Sorry about connection. I'm gonna move around
 In Atlas shrug iron ran defines a two group people as the prime movers and the looters
 Napoleon Hill we talked about it. He calls him the drifters and
 people that have
 What's the title he calls them?
 He's got his his shifting and as I've been working on this book
 I'm trying like I want to identify the two groups because it's it's essential for us to go figure out where we were at and then how to shift and
 The way I'm defining the book now. There's two types people there's people that are driven and people that are drifters and
 I'm trying to be like how do you identify that? Oh, I'm a drifter. Oh, I'm driven like it was the practical
 How do we actually know that and a couple cool things?
 So number one the first thing you think through is like what are the things that you actually value and I did this exercise
 Two days ago. I was camping my kids sitting by the river for like two hours and I wrote down a piece of paper
 I drew line down the piece of paper and I said what are the things I value?
 I started writing all things down that I value my so we're down God or down my family my kids my wife wrestling
 Your sports wrote down
 religion I wrote down
 Reading or down learning like all different things that I value in life and then on the other side of the line
 I went down an identity associated to that value right so I said I value God. What is the identity?
 Identity is an I am statement. So my identity was I am a child of God
 Right one was I value sports and athletics my identities. I am a wrestler right and then I
 Value my kids. I am a dad. I value my wife. I am a husband right and so every value I had was associated with an identity
 Which was kind of cool. So all you have to do the same experiment
 So I wrote all my identities and then or she's been all the things I value and then the identity that I associate with myself
 reached those values which is kind of fun. So was the the next phase in it and then and then after that
 I started thinking about the last fun hacking live event. How many guys were there?
 If you weren't there make sure you get tickets for this year's fun hacking live
 I think we're like 99 days away or something crazy. So fun hacking live calm
 but
 If I'm not gonna like Tony Robbins spoke about identity and he said that our identity is like a thermostat
 Right, so that we set our thermostat
 Let's say you like your room temperature 72 degrees, right? So all your house thermostat are 72
 Said same thing she was our identity. We said it's 72 right and then what happens something may happen
 Maybe you go that temperature will up to like 76, but then your body and your everything. It's like ah no
 No, no, I'm not comfortable here and your brain subconsciously wants you to become once you set back down and settle right?
 So you snap back like okay back to them to I'm good right or maybe goes down below but you're you're able to snap back up and
 He said you're right. That's what your identity is like a thermostat which is really interesting and
 and
 So I sort think about this my okay
 Well, how do you would say it's a 72?
 But you don't want it to be there like how do you how do you move it and also I realized that that's the difference between
 the the driven in the drifter, right the driven is a person who's consciously saying I'm setting this thermostat
 I'm changing it. I want to become a better father. I want to become a better wrestler or become a better business like whatever your goal is right and
 Then us as visionaries we have to go out there
 It's okay. What does the future look like we go see the future we come back and then go make it real right?
 We create a plan and go out there and go accomplish the goal and the act of doing emotions what?
 Resets doesn't just increase the temperature for a moment. It resets the thermometer, right?
 And those who stop and say I want to be a better father, but I'm a 72. I'm good
 Those are the drifters. We're drifting. We're good. Good is the enemy to great, right?
 I know a lot of you guys probably spot where parts you but I if you're good you're drifting another part you are driven right?
 So questions like how do we become driven people? How do we how to start shifting that and it starts initially with figuring out?
 It starts initially thinking like well, what is your identity right?
 So who is who is your a little things you value which identity associated with that value and then what's the thermometer set it right now?
 Right now, you know the phenomena okay, it's that 72 now. I'm good. I'm drifting. I'm sitting here. I'm hanging out
 Everything's good. Good is the enemy to great. I really want to just great like I've got to think a little different
 I got to go and figure out like what is what is that thing? What's it gonna look like?
 And that's where you go and set the goal you go attack it. You'll create it and you become driven in a direction
 So anyway, I was gonna talk for days about stuff
 I will soon when we get the book done. I'll have a chance to sit down
 But this is just one of the things in my head that's just keeps spinning around thinking about like how fascinating like what do we value?
 Let's say identity we associate with that value and what's the current thermometer at and then looking at that
 So okay my content if I'm content
 I'm drifting. I'm just hanging out just doing the things and if I if I'm driven saying, okay, this is good
 I know the goods in me to great. I don't want a good life. I want a great life
 Right, so the reason why there's not more great marriages because a lot of good marriages reason
 I like great companies because there's a lot of good companies and good is the enemy to great and I don't know about you
 I didn't come to this earth for my short who knows about 42 years now, maybe 50 60 80
 I don't know I'm gonna live for but it's a glimpse. It's a window and
 I didn't come here to be to be good. I came here to be great and so
 For me, it's really coming back at identifying the things I value with identity
 I associate with my current thermometers that how do I change that so I hope that helps somebody out there listening who got
 You know, I'm 180 people are so online so so who knew Instagram for the wind click a button people show up
 So thanks for showing up you guys any questions before I bounce off
 anyone ask a question in the comments down below. I got a few minutes before I got to go and
 Get back to prank with the moment or me being a husband and father
 Right now I've been cranking the thermometer here and working out getting back in shape getting prepared for my next wrestling match
 My next competition the next whatever's gonna happen. So all right any questions you guys got dropping the comments down below
 We'll spend a few minutes business. Just say what's up. Oh me. What's up?
 There you go. That's uh, that's the how much you place your success
 Oh, how much do you place your success in your wrestling?
 So it's a great question
 I feel like athletes have an advantage when it comes to business and other things because athletes have a chance to step on the mat or the
 field or the court or whatever they've had and
 lose
 most people in life and struggle in business or entrepreneurship where things I spend most of my time doing right now is
 They've never failed and so they have so much fear like what if I step out onto the court and I fail
 Wrestling I step it all the time. I walked my wrestling right now for those who are watching
 There's a wrestling mat. I walked on wrestling that shook hands and I lost a lot in front of everybody in a singlet for crying out loud
 By pasty white body that doesn't tan right like that's embarrassing
 But I did it day you know week in and week out week in and week out and that
 Barris sort of losing cause pain that may be like cranking my thermostat to change things to work harder
 Become better and better better to have lost less and less and less but I step on the mat hundreds of times I'm lost
 And so for me some of my business and like I'm not scared. I mean like if I lose this is data
 It's failures like okay. I'm gonna learn something uh tom billies of data is the most or failures most data rich incomes or
 Data source we have right is failure. So I lose on the wrestling that like what you know, I lost what I need to learn okay change this
 I'm my elbows route and I'm stanza to I need to change my positioning right and so in business it was easy because I'm like
 Oh, I'm gonna go out there and business enough. I fail. I just it was data like okay. I failed that offer didn't work
 Why not when any ship okay this funnel didn't work? Why not? What are any ship? What are any change tweaking tweaking tweaking right?
 So I think a lot of times athletes because they've done that so many times they have an advantage those who haven't been an athlete
 It's okay. You just gotta understand like failure is not failure failure is data like it's information
 It's like okay. It's got beat on the mat. It stings it hurts. That's good
 It's gonna make me double down and then I can step back and say what did I learn what are any change? We're gonna each week and keep going from there
 Okay, good question next questions
 Uh, we even episode on sub-ment you take as a biohacker
 Yeah, in fact, I'm thinking about doing a whole like five-day challenge going through it because different phases right there's like
 The the way that I eat one thing right the way that I do supplements the different things
 Why do I do my gut health the different thing when do I mind health the different thing?
 And so I'm thinking about doing like a five-day challenge. I walk through all that so if he has to be interested in that let me know
 um
 Good questions good questions. How do you come back after what feels like years of drifting? Ooh, Jose great question
 Russell, how do you come back to for what years feel like drifting?
 um, you know, it's interesting it's um
 And I understand that in fact I'm talking to the kids in this unlock secrets have been about like
 um
 All of us have habits right most of our habits we didn't pick or design they just happened through life, right?
 Our environment things like that happen and habits do we work as it's kind of like imagine your tractor, right?
 And your it's big old wheels on the tractor and you're going out to go
 Cross your field right into the tractor the tires are going into the dirt in the mud
 You go back and forth and back and forth that day one day two day three day 10 day 50
 And you know within the year two years three years that the heat will in the during the same path
 Those tractor will get deeper deeper in the mud so they're just you're deep in these ruts, right?
 Eventually you can start driving the tractor you can take your hands off the wheel and it will stay in those ruts because they're so deep
 Right?
 And so what's happened for a lot of us or a lot of people you go through a phase or time where we are in tire life
 We've been in drifting and you're in these deep ruts, right?
 And so for you to get out of those ruts it's hard because you have to get the tractor out. So how do you do that?
 Well, the first thing is realizing, okay, what are the habits that happen? I don't have any habits
 I just do my thing like yeah, you
 Sorry the internet going out and again your environment has created these
 Has created these these ruts for you. So you first have become conscious of it. I'm too just like, okay
 Well now that I know these are the ruts. I mean I need to create new ruts that I have to go over into
 What do those things look like and to do that? There's a couple things you have to reverse engineer to feel like what
 What are the stories? I'm telling myself they're keeping me in these ruts, right? Like I'm not good enough
 I'm not strong enough. I'm not smart enough. I'm not like these these stories these false stories
 They give me false beliefs
 Keeping the ruts like what are the things you have to believe to be able to be in a different pattern, right?
 Different ruts. So yeah, think about that
 You tell you some different stories. You have said different habits different routines. There's a whole process a new book
 I go through it's probably three or four chapters going through a process of like
 Like realizing these ruts and the name only hill calls and hypnotic rhythm
 You don't see hypnotic rhythm when you're just in this this zone as a drifter or you can hypnotic rhythm as someone who's driven
 They're both the same hypnotic rhythm one of your designing ones being designed by your environment
 So we got a conscious to create what's the what's the ruts I need to be in and how to get over there
 And it really comes down to like reprogramming your needs
 Which is Tony Robbins if you google Tony Robbins six human needs and watch a video he'll teach about six human needs
 It'll be in the new book. He's gonna be permission to share that but um, that's a that's a big part of right
 So like your needs your beliefs which are tied to the stories you're telling yourself your habits your routines
 It's shifting all those things to get yourself out of the ruts into these new this new hypnotic rhythm and start creating these new ruts
 For to become easy. Um, but the reality is it all starts with a decision
 Like i'm ready to change enough is enough
 Right. I don't want to be able to wait anymore. I don't want to be tired anymore. I want to be broke anymore
 Like whatever it is for you like you have to make that change to say enough is enough
 It's done. This is what i'm doing today and moving forward
 And then designing it because it can be hard to get slip back in the ruts the ruts are there right?
 So how do you how do you figure out how to get those things out?
 And I will get I wish you spent six hours going through all that stuff, but um, hope that helps for like uh for beginning
 So good questions good so much fun. She does more often, huh
 What do you do to say discipline your mindset? Um, audio a lot of audio. I listen to stuff
 I was listening to david goggins for last two hours. I was looking ways to running
 I don't like running so I was something like david goggins he yells me out running and I run while I listen to him
 He gets me excited about running right so I'm listening all the time to who are the people the influences
 Um if you're listening to music it's good to get yourself in a state
 But if you want to like change yourself music music get you this far
 You know I listen to music when I'm like I need to shift my my physiology to different state musical jump me there
 But then audio is what gets my mindset correct, right?
 So I'm finding who the people I listen to that I love that I that I cherish tom bill you impact
 There's my favorite people listen to
 um
 uh david goggins
 Who else a lot of good people like that?
 um the point hill
 Is amazing just find people that you resonate with that that um are doing what you want to do that you believe in and then you listen those things
 And it's just it comes back to the belief talk about how to get out of the ruts and the other ruts
 It's like you have to change your belief pattern
 So I gotta listen people to believe the way that I want to believe even if I don't believe it now
 I need to like I don't believe I like running but david goggins loves running
 And so I'm like well if I want to love it
 I got this as a guy who does talk about over and over and over again because eventually
 Maybe I'll love it and so listen somebody does love it and eventually
 Change my mindset change my belief patterns
 So I try to listen to people who have the belief patterns that I want that I desire that I want to emulate
 Until their belief patterns become my belief patterns
 um
 Ecom josh Carter said acknowledge me and thank you for quick fun. I acknowledge my man and you're welcome for quick fun
 Just wait until the new quick funnels 2.0 beta is rolling out for all the fun I can lie people next week, which is exciting. So um
 Let's see what else what else
 What do you feel about combining spirituality and business?
 I think they're completely combined. I think that god gave us all missions and I think that business is the way we fulfill those missions on the
 Sir, I think that every single one of us has been called by god
 Uh to serve a group of people and that's a business. Literally. It's just what religion is
 It's what churches are like all of us have a calling in our hearts where god blesses you with talents
 He blesses you with trials. He blesses you with things
 And then he says because of who you become through his process
 Because of your trials with problems ups and downs what you've learned you're you've become a steward of these people over here
 He can call the servant and most people don't step what I call most people slip back into the drifter
 We talked about earlier, but the driven say this is my calling. I'm gonna go figure it out and for some people it's
 It's you know leading you some people to church some people to business
 But I think business is just an extension of our god-given columns and because of our talents in our trials that he's given us
 Uh hypnotic rhythm. Yeah, if you read out what he did devil he talks about hypnapointing the fox guy
 You're trying to block the message for all of us. We'll keep going
 Uh teddypreneurs said if I've read or studied the bible, yes, I have my man
 I haven't read it many times in the middle of the Old Testament right now. We're in the book of
 Judges so I like the Old Testament love the New Testament
 So yes, I do
 Was a rough red nose head out when camping my kids and got sunburned and worse
 I'm scared to death of sun tan lotion. They've got podcasts just about that alone
 So I don't wear sun tan lotion. So I got fried my net my nose got red and peeled. So I look like Rudolph
 Yes, thank you for pointing that out. I love social media
 Uh, what's up? Jeff Holden the new fun to builder
 Fun to builder suite going through certification program. Congratulations. You are going to love it
 It's gonna change your life forever
 If I'm on your team, I be willing to share. Yeah
 Not now, but I will I'm gonna do more I get I get asked more about
 About my morning routines about hacking almost in marketing. So I'll start to share more of that kind of stuff
 Yes sunscreen is poison. I agree
 I
 See
 When we'll click on supernova at least everybody we will have launch dates coming soon
 We just finished almost finished a little mini documentary telling the story that we go live and we'll have we will have
 The launch dates posted soon, but we're within
 Within a couple months we're going by everybody so
 Um
 Do you have a copy of pd barns art of money getting yes, I do I love pd barnam. I'm obsessed with old books
 I have first editions once every amazing old book
 So yeah, um
 What is the right roadmap and strategy to put multi billionaire? Oh, I don't know
 I have not made it that stuff when I get there already road map and send it back to you guys, but as right now i'm not there yet so
 Ooh get Robin so if hypnotic rhythm causes to stay in ruts and to degrade downgrade picking our hypnotic rhythm does what?
 No hypnotic rhythm doesn't stay hypnotic rhythm is just the ruts that it's the it's the patterns we get into so they can be positive or negative
 Uh, there's hypnotic rhythm for the driven. There's hypnotic rhythm for the drifter. We like our subconscious mind gets into hypnotic rhythm no matter what
 It's not a negative thing. It's just understanding that there's
 Like in all things there's light in a dark
 Typically environmentally
 We are pushed by society by tv by everything to to become drifters and to be okay with this ass quote
 Which is why most people are our drifters and so that's the pattern they have not been the most was to get into
 Um, there's other hypnotic rhythms that are good, right?
 So it's it's not a it's not a bad
 But picking but picking it and creating the one that's going to serve you in the way that you want to be served is the key
 I believe so I could be wrong still researching books not finished yet, but yeah, it's up Garrett good to hear from you man
 Since then they make uh call me
 Vane Jor said they're making songs me a sweet pat cow 01 O force on how to mexico. What's up mexico?
 Oh, man, so there's so many questions. How much do you deadlift not enough there was a time when I was awesome? I'm just not right now
 um
 What advice would you give someone just starting out in business and marketing the advice would be become a reader and then go read my books because I spent
 Almost 20 years now writing three books walking through the very beginning
 So I read dot com seekers first and expert secrets and traffic secrets and you know whatever you know
 so
 People from Japan
 Have you ever hated your business truck burnout from darren stover darren? Yes, often it's cyclical it happens more than
 multiple times a year I would say
 um as I go through the grind of of each of the big things right for for fun hacking lives
 I was a grind I get burned out and then I go to fun hacking live and I serve and I'm like, oh
 That's why I do this and then we launch 2.0 and there's the grind of that and then we give it so I keeps cutting out
 I get burned out multiple times a year
 but then
 The aftermath the get the fulfillment so it makes it worth it and gets me back on on board
 Um, have you been a Bradley is dropping bonds podcast? I have not
 Getting rich improves mental health it can but it also jacked you up
 If you have bad mental health and you got a lot of money it can it can I've seen people
 Been destroyed
 Weir books gone out of yes all three books in Ottawa. I read all three
 I sat in the studio for six days reading back six days in a row by the way
 Doc up secrets expert secrets traffic secrets that all in audible and get them all there
 My phone keeps dying out so I'm gonna cut out and say say bye to everybody
 Hoping it better in here next time by a good time. You guys enjoy this hanging out. If so, uh comment down below
 Let me know and uh, yeah, we'll keep things more often. I appreciate y'all
 Thanks for listening and if you're like I want to get started in this whole internet game where I go Russell
 Go to your first funnel.com. We got a really cool promo
 You get trial click problems for like I think 30 days for free you get a big box of stuff in the mail for me
 You cover shipping handling and then we get you into the game off the sidelines in the game go to your first funnel.com
 and uh
 What makes you weak? I'm gonna answer all these questions. What makes you weak a lot of things make me weak
 A lot of things make me tough though too. So anyway, I appreciate y'all. Thanks for listening and uh
 Remember you're just one funnel way. I appreciate you all and I'll see you guys soon. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone
 I post it to facebook instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this
 Episode and what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also, Dan kitty and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no bs
 Letter.com not only you can get the $20,000 gift
 You also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bs letter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
