 Good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you to a special three-part series of the marketing seekers podcast
 Over the next three episodes. I'm gonna share with you guys
 Clips from a presentation that I did at Dana Derek's dream 100 Con so I told you as before that
 I've been working on the traffic secrets book and testing my material and so the first time I actually taught parts of this publicly were
 at Dana's event and
 So I want to share with you
 It's not the whole process. It's just a piece of it, but hopefully it'll get the wheels and you had spinning about how to do 100 works
 How you buy your way and you work your way and how customer lifeline work and a whole bunch of other amazing things
 I'm doing this as a as a tease that you've cited for the traffic seekers book that's coming out next year
 And so that's kind of game plan. Hopefully gives you some ideas. So this is part one of three when we get back from the intro
 I will we'll start right into that that presentation. So thanks so much you guys and I hope you enjoy
 Behind the scenes from my presentation at dream 100 Con
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital? We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 You
 Begin with us one big Dana, um, it's been so fun
 I've been talking about dream 100 for the last decade or so and our most almost nobody ever listens to me
 except for Dana and then Dana took it and it's taking us such a bigger such a
 Such a big mass level. It was funny yesterday
 I was watching as he talked about chat homes
 who's kind of the the originator of the dream 100 and
 Chat was a personal friend of mine who passed away a few years ago and his daughter's actually taken over her company sense
 And I messaged her yesterday to let her know that you guys are here in this room talking about a concept that's pioneered by her father
 Which is really special for her and for Chet and for everything so I'm just so grateful for everything
 Dana's put together and and doing this so
 Isn't he just like one of the coolest humans you've ever met on earth?
 It's always giving and always serving all right to kick the kick today off
 I actually wanted to talk about something and get it on film so that when I pass away someday
 You guys can watch this and then fulfill what I need to be done. That's not good. So I have a friend
 In our communities is Mark Hoverson. They wouldn't know Mark Hoverson
 Couple of you guys Mark Hoverson amazing human being in our community where my peers and he passed away last weekend
 of
 Cancer which was really tragic thing, but what's interesting is
 Right after he found out he had cancer about five years ago
 he was on stage speaking at event like this and
 And Vince Reed actually published on a Facebook page and had a chance to watch this whole presentation
 It was right after Mark found out he was going to pass away and during this presentation
 He talked about legacy and why he was going all sorts of stuff and it just got me really inspired
 I'm not gonna pass away that I know of so don't think that that's my what I'm saying here
 But I was thinking about like like if I was to pass away like what's like what I kind of want to leave
 This whole this whole thing. I would I want to my legacy at the end of this?
 I've heard other people say like my goal is gonna million people in my funeral like that's my biggest thing
 But the day my funeral is over I need all of your guys's help
 Okay, so everyone's got to remember this because some what someone's gonna be here
 I'm gonna remember this part of it and I need you to take this this part out
 So the day my funeral is over what I want to do is I want to build out the biggest dream 100 campaign of all time
 Every single person I've ever had a chance to influence or impact. I want to invite them to the last ever funnel hacking live
 I want to get Dana if you're still alive this time
 I want you to be in charge this whole thing
 But I want to dream 100 boxes going out to all of the biggest influencers all the people and I want to throw like the biggest party ever
 kind of a kind of
 This actually happened a while ago. There was a guy who's a legend in our industry
 His name is Marty Elvison
 He owned a company called boardroom anyone ever heard of boardroom and he owned that company when he passed away his
 His partner Brian Kurtz did something similar day through a huge marketing party
 It was called the Titans of marketing summit had all the best speakers come in and speak and I remember listening to that that event
 That course I thought when I die, that's this how I want my legacy to end
 So we're gonna do a big huge dream 100 campaign where you everybody in the world come to the last funnel hacking live ever
 And then I'm gonna have all my friends and colleagues come and speak about what we've all learned on this journey together
 That's my game plan. So I've got on video now. So someday you guys know my wishes. That's the game plans. That's how I'm good
 Okay
 Awesome
 There's a little twain keeps happening is that from anyway, I don't know if it's come talking too loud
 Okay, one other story, and then we'll get get to the good stuff. So
 This is gonna hopefully help you understand the importance of what you're learning here the dream 100
 So I had a chance actually flew here from Jackson, Hawaii. I was in Jackson hole. It is secret
 Illuminati maybe was the bill of Burke. I don't know a secret group of marketers who all got together for like three days
 And we did a whole bunch of manly stuff which anyone knows me. I'm not very good at manly stuff
 We were shooting guns. I was took last place. We were fly fishing. I caught the least amount of fish. We're hiking
 All these things. I'm like I don't normally do but it's fun. It's hung out with all these all these guys
 who are all
 Amazing in their own sphere at their own businesses and one of the guys who was there is a guy named Tim
 Tom bill you how many guys know Tom is I'll get you up a bunch of you guys do so Tom
 He started a company called Quest have we who's ever had a quest bar before?
 Quest nutrition so he started this company and it blew up to over a billion
 The valuation over a billion dollars before he sold his portion of the company retired now
 He's doing impact there any much other cool things
 But he sold his his he built his company over a billion dollars and as I'm asking him
 I'm like how did you like how did you start this thing up and he explained how he started the entire company and
 What's cool is that after you told me I talked to Dave about last night and Dave's like let me see if he's said anywhere else
 And Dave found an interview of the actual quote of this and so
 All you guys to hear this this is the quote from the podcast
 We explained how he launched quest but what's interesting is he did the same thing that you guys are all doing here in this room today
 It's also Tom said
 About launching quest he said we had a very different approach that got a lot of people excited not just about the product
 But they felt good about the way we treated them we went old school old school dream 100
 Researching several hundred health and fitness influencers then sending them handwritten letters and free samples
 This was all about showing and understanding of what others were trying to achieve that question was interested in helping them connect with their audiences
 When people are building community, they have real sense of service to that community
 We would send them a free product and say if you like it tell people about it
 And if you hate it tell them about it too not trying to steer people's comments give us a pretty good recommendation
 Some didn't like it and said so but the vast majority loved it and we're grateful
 We had showed an understanding of who they were who they were and what they were trying to do so they spread the word
 Okay, the foundation of his billion dollar supplement company all started here
 With the dream 100 that awesome. Okay, so this is the foundation you guys for all these things
 All right, so Danie's talking about it's true
 Okay, so some of the when we're talking about next couple hours
 You guys from context so I'm in the middle and not the middle the beginning of writing my third book
 Which is called traffic secret so there was dot-com secrets
 There's expert secrets and this is the last and final book in the trilogy and I'll never write a secrets book again
 Because I'm out of them, but the third one's called traffic secrets
 And so I've been working on the framework for the whole thing and I messaged Dana about two or three months ago
 I was like just so you know dude
 This is so good for you because like the entire framework of the traffic secrets book is based on the dream 100
 And so a lot of the stuff you guys been talking about is the foundation of everything that is gonna be inside that book
 But I spent all day last man probably
 Month or so working on the outline and getting things done
 Then yesterday I was sitting in the back of them doodling out all the all the the key frameworks for the book
 And I got him back this morning at 4 30 in the morning, and so I'm really excited they got done in time
 So I'm gonna be going through seven different
 Images are kind of framework for for the book. There's also the framework for how we do the dream 100
 There are well, you'll see it's it's taking it to a whole other level and hopefully this will give you guys
 Those who are beginning give you guys a really good foundation and those who are advanced
 It's gonna give you like here's the next five or six steps in the process. That's only fun
 All right, cool, so I'm gonna start off. This is the very first
 Core thing that you have to understand to really understand dream 100 understand traffic understand everything
 Okay, there are three types of traffic. This is the framework for the entire book the entire concept you understand this
 Everything else becomes really easy. Okay, so there are three types of traffic
 Okay, the first type of traffic here on the top left hand is traffic you control. Okay, this is traffic where you're gonna buy your way in
 Okay, so you think about that
 How many you guys run Facebook ads in here?
 Okay, so you don't own that traffic right Zuckerberg owns all that traffic he built the platform
 He owns the thing but he gives us the ability to come and to buy some of that traffic
 So we can buy some that traffic and we can control it we can send it wherever we want to we send it to buy a product by a service
 Listen to a podcast do like we can we can control that traffic, but we don't own it
 Okay, and how many of you have got a Facebook kick out shut down before there's proof you don't own it right there, right?
 We've lost hundreds of them. So don't feel bad. It's just part of the game, right?
 So traffic control is the first thing okay, so whatever I'm I got any kind of thing I'm buying is traffic that I control
 Okay, the second type of traffic is traffic that you earn
 Okay, this is where you're working your way in so the first one you're buying your way in the second one you're working your way in
 Okay, so for this this means you're getting traffic you're not paying for it, but you're earning it right?
 You're getting on a podcast interview you're doing a Facebook live with somebody you put out really good content people share it like you're earning that traffic
 Okay, how many guys the majority of your traffic comes from traffic that you're earning?
 Okay, and how many guys majority come traffic you're buying
 So I 50/50 split okay, so this is important
 I understand this traffic you control and the traffic that you earn the third type of traffic
 And this is the best and the most important is traffic that you own okay
 My entire goal of our business feel like everything we're doing from traffic generation standpoint is to convert traffic
 I can control traffic that I earn into traffic that I actually own because you own the traffic
 That's the secret sauce right when I own I can even everyone with it you'd be like Zuckerberg and you can rent it to people
 You can do a product launch and sell your own products you can do an affiliate stuff you can like whatever you want
 But the goal is to earn is to own the traffic right that's the big thing because you own the traffic. We own the platform. That's how you win
 Okay, how many guys right now have your own your own platform your own list your own following your own whatever
 How many guys don't yet and you're like that's the thingy. I think I need really bad
 Okay, cool. This is like this is the goal. This is the big secret of our internet marketing
 I'm gonna when I first started learning this game
 I was I was struggling because I couldn't figure out there's so many things that were happening and this is man
 This is pre all the stuff you guys are do you guys get every day was pre Facebook pre my space?
 It was actually pre friends to how many of them were friends sir?
 French was like the
 Melanie was on friends sir. She still buying ads on that one just kidding. Um, that was like
 That was like the original social network
 And I was like this is amazing and then my space came out and crushed French sir
 And then Facebook came out and crushed my space and soon the next things that come out and crushed Facebook someday
 Hopefully actually I love as Dr. Burke. I hope he keeps doing what he's doing, but
 But I was out there trying to figure out this whole game. There's so many things and so many I could not figure out
 How to how to like how this whole game was played and one day?
 I was at the good old Google searching for like probably how to get rich on the internet or some keyword like that
 like a lot of a start with and
 Some guy wrote an article and his article he was talking about he's like how many guys have seen those those
 Those stories online people said I made $30,000 in an hour a hundred thousand dollars in a day
 He probably thought those things were lies right? I was like yeah, I'm sure they're inflating their numbers
 He's like no actually those things are true and I was like wait what and they start explaining
 So this is the way it works is they can imagine this he's like what these marketing people do is they build a ballis of
 A thousand or ten thousand or hundred thousand people and then they send an email to that list and they just get a percentage like two or three
 Percent of that email to buy and they do the math to save a hundred thousand people two percent by a
 $50 product how much is that right?
 It's whatever the math is you know fifteen thousand dollars and they they send an email every day
 They literally can be doing what they're talking about and me as like a 20 year old
 Kids sitting in my college like dorm reading this article. I'm like oh my gosh. That's a secret
 I just need my own platform find my own list and people like that's that's the magic now
 I
 Unfortunately went about it the wrong way so I had that idea like this is the key
 I'm gonna do this amazing so the first thing I did of course we went to Google and typed in
 So I wanted my own email list so typed in like buy an email list
 I want and then I was like reading about spam
 I want spam free email address and I went to website. I think it was spam free email addresses calm
 I was like sweet
 This is awesome and they were selling DVDs of email addresses and you could buy like a hundred thousand a million five million
 I was like oh my gosh. I'm gonna buy five million
 I'm gonna start the biggest platform known to man
 So I bought I think it's like sixty seven dollars or sixty nine dollars for a DVD with like five million email addresses
 I'm like my gosh like and I ordered this thing. It's coming to me and I'm telling my wife the math and my clip
 Okay, so five million people let's just say we get one percent to buy the thing we sell like one percent of five million
 I'm doing the math. I was like that's like a hundred grand every time I clicked send and I was like wait
 Let's just say like conserve only one percent of one percent. I'm doing the math
 I'm even if we screw this up
 It's like thirty grand every time I send an email out and I'm so excited because the time my wife's working making nine fifteen
 Hour well, I'm at school wrestling and trying to not fail and and so this thing comes I get this disc and remember
 I like I plugged it in and there was this like software that would send the emails out for you
 I put it in and recuing up
 I saw the little software all these like five million emails out there and I was like my gosh
 This is amazing now
 I didn't have a product at the time
 So I was like making up a product like what people like to buy and so I made up an idea for a product
 I wrote an email it was probably I don't know 60 words with a link with a link to my PayPal account like click here to send me ten
 Dollars for this product and and then that was it and I was like people buy it then I'll go make the thing so I queued up the email
 Back then it was pre high-speed internet so I'd like crawl under the desk unplug our phone line plug in the internet
 All that kind of stuff pops up, you know, and I'm like alright
 Click send I'm like let's go to bed. I'm like by morning. We're gonna be rich
 I see like email once then number two three four five and it's like oh my gosh. This is it
 This is gonna be the greatest day of my life
 So I go to bed all night long
 I'm dreaming of like how many sales are coming through tonight what's gonna happen how amazing it's gonna be and I wake up in the morning and
 Kletsk getting ready for work. She's still working at a time
 I'm just telling her I'm like I don't look at the statue
 But my guess is you could probably quit after today like it just it's just I'm like if a fraction of a fraction of fraction
 But I like that's more than you make an entire month like this is gonna be amazing
 So I'm all excited and tell them a whole story and then she's like I gotta use the phone
 I'm like you can't use and this is pretty cell phones too, right?
 I'm like you can't use the phone like it's mail and I think I look at things like
 6500 emails have been sent I'm like you can't she's like I have to call like I have to use the phone I'm like
 You're gonna ruin everything so I crawl into the like I pause the little mailing thing
 I crawl into death to unplug the the modem and I plug back in our phone line and
 Well, I'm still in the desk the phone rings. I'm like I like step and hit my hand like oh dang it
 So come on into the thing I answer the phone on the other end is my
 Internet service provider
 Curcing me out on the phone. What are you doing like why you send these I'm like no no no sir
 I didn't send spam he's like no you send out tons of spam like no you understand
 I bought this DVD was called spam for email auditions.com
 You can go check out the site like they're completely spam free and I explained this whole thing to him
 I just remember he told me he's like he's like son that is the definition of spam and I was like what no
 Like there's spam free. He's like how do you think there's like that's not a thing?
 You can't buy spam for email addresses
 I'm like but the domain name was bad like and we're going back and forth
 And he's telling me I was an assuming all sorts of stuff and then like the last thing was like I'm shutting down your internet
 And then it was gone. I got the phone and then clutch like who's that on the phone?
 I'm like oh just some guy that had some questions about the thing you shouldn't quit yet though
 Like let's just go to work enjoy it. We'll recap in the morning or tomorrow when you are tonight when you get back
 So she leaves out the door to work
 I'm sitting there and I can't even check to see what happened because our internet is now gone
 Like I have no access to get back on some all the press I get ready for school
 I go to the school and then I get to school and
 I get the computer lab and I'm gonna check to see what happened and I log in still kind of a depressed state
 And I open my email and then my email though. I see
 Order notification PayPal or notification PayPal boom boom boom boom boom
 Probably 20 25 orders to come through for like ten bucks a piece through PayPal and I was like oh my gosh it worked
 I gotta create a product and so I go back and I figure out what I saw them go make something and send out these people
 And I realized the time that I was like I was like what I did was wrong
 I didn't understand the ethics or how to do it like I did it wrong, but what happened was right
 Right the goal was to get a platform to get an email list to get something and that was the whole secret to the to the game
 And so after I was done
 I went and found a new internet service provider and I spent the next year my life try figure
 How do I build a list the right way where it's not gonna end me up in jail
 Like there's got to be a way to do it and what I learned is basically this process is like I can buy ads
 I'm sending some where to some where to join my list where I can go work my do things and get people
 It's kind of my come to my website and give me the email
 But that was the goal so I started focusing that point forward on book
 I'm building my email list like that was my my core focus is building list building list building list
 and
 I started growing it
 It's been interesting
 That that concept of list building became like my whole my whole life and I started looking like over the last 15 years
 I've been doing this
 I've seen a lot of people who have built huge companies who are now how we're no longer in our industry who are now back
 Back at their day jobs trying to try to survive and I've seen things over and over and over again
 How many guys remember back in the day when AdSense first started and it was like Christmas every day a couple of you guys
 Let me paint this picture
 So this is the middle of me trying to build my list my first mentor
 His name is Mark join who's like focus on the list focus on a list
 I'm like focusing on a list also in this shiny object pops out of nowhere called AdSense and what AdSense was back in the day
 You could buy the software for $97. There's a couple of them traffic equalizer
 There's probably a dozen or so that ended coming out and you load up a software in computer
 You click a button it would go out there and it would it would like pick a keyword so like let's say
 Whatever they find a keyword that was people were paying a lot of money on and we go and
 Go to the internet scrape all the sites that have written about that pull them in and you publish a site that like
 8,000 pages in like a minute and then put ads in all the sites and then because the way it structure the pages Google instantly index it
 And you start making money it was like the easiest most stupid way to make money
 Like we had teams of people in in the Philippines like 30 40 people all they all they sat there like build another site
 build another site building another site just cranking out sites like crazy and
 Not me a lot of my friends
 They built these these assembly lines of people doing that
 I had friends making half a million dollars a month or more just cranking out crap little sites
 And it was amazing for out a year year and a half
 And so I'm watching all these people make so much money and like I'm over here like building a list building a list like stressing out
 Because I'm always gonna make money. I'm like I'm just gonna do that. That's easy
 It takes no effort at all and my mentor mark luckily was like no dude focus on building a list
 This will go away like no you don't understand like this is the greatest thing in the world
 I guess gonna change like 500 like five hundred thousand dollars a month how many guys that radically shift your life right now?
 Yeah, I'm just like and they're doing nothing providing zero value to the world
 They're just clicking a button over and over and over again. I get a million button clickers
 I'm gonna be like the first AdSense billionaire. He's like no build a list build the list and I'm like oh torn and luckily for me
 I'm really coachable. So I'm like oh, I don't build the stupid list and I'm doing this and sure enough about a year later
 boom the algorithm chains
 Google found out all the software that's building the sites d index every single page and I'd friends go from half million dollars a month
 To zero overnight and I was like oh my gosh, but guess what I had I've been building my list and didn't affect me
 Okay, now anyone knows my story who here thinks that I've always done everything right in my business
 Only day I haven't so I'll happen as I build my company up really big and then I bankrupted it almost
 Luckily both times I didn't and second I built even bigger and then I almost bankrupted
 I told those stories before a fun hockey live, but what's interesting is that
 The thing that got me through the ups and the downs every single time was this platform
 I built this list at that point where like everything's collapsing around me
 I could still send email to my list and people would buy because they have a relationship and it kept us through the
 Downtimes and so when you do this you build a platform like it's the key, okay, and I still see today
 It's unfortunate
 I still see today people in our industry who get the next shiny object with like oh I can do this thing
 They start you know like buying Facebook ads to sell this and doing this and I doing things like that
 But they're not focusing on the fundamentals the fundamentals will protect you over the long haul
 The reason why I'm still in business 15 years later
 And a lot of people I know that have made a crap ton of money along the way aren't is because this has been my focal point
 It's building the platform building the platform. Okay, so why do you need platform? Okay, the platform is the key
 for so many reasons how many guys
 watch the apprentice
 Back when it was still on and we saw this this the season where our senior hall was on the show
 Let me have some new idea who our senior hall is
 Okay, so for the younger Jenny yet so the younger generation our senior hall was doing his own play his own late night show
 He come out getting rick side
 He was who and I get rick pumped up and like he was the man on late night for I don't know decade or so
 So then he got show got cut and then he's like normal our senior hall
 No one heard from him in the 20 20 years later he pops up on on a celebrity apprentice because at one time
 He was a celebrity apparently and so it was fascinating. They're on celebrity apprentice. He's on there competing with all these other
 You know celebrities and there was this one task. It was like a fundraising task
 They had to go and raise money, right?
 So they're all going through and trying to raise money for their charities and our signals back
 There's got a rolled exit people. He's calling the first person call the second person call the third fourth fifth six
 Seventh eighth ninth tenth and what's interesting is while all the other celebrities were doing deals
 Our single can get anybody to return his call can get me pick up the call and anything and it shows in that night
 He's sitting on a couch all depressed and frustrated in the upset and they're talking about it and they're like dude
 You're seeing a hall. How can we can't get any money? He's like, I don't know man. He's like when I had my own show
 Everybody returned my call and now nobody will
 And when I heard that I was like oh my gosh, what a lesson that is
 Okay, so me as a Charlotte and dream 100 right now at the very beginning, right?
 You don't have this platform and it's tough, right?
 It's tough initially get people to to return your calls to say yes to look at your box to whatever those things are first
 It's hard, right? Okay, guess what when you have a platform
 Everyone returns your call, okay
 when I first met Tony Robbins back in the day my platform a little tiny and I became friends with Tony we hung out for 10 years and
 Tony never promoted me in every like you just we were kind of
 I had to know my couple times hung out helped insult him because my platform got bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger
 Last year we launched X or secrets book. I was like hey Tony
 We helped me promote this book and Tony's like these restless platforms huge. Yes, also I would love to
 Right there are few people in our world right now that I can pick up the phone and bake
 Hey, can you help me do this deal because they know my platforms huge?
 Well because of that they'll say yes
 Okay, so the dream 100 gets better and better and better as you build your platform
 Okay, at first it's gonna be more difficult because you focus on this building your platform becomes easier
 And easier and easier okay
 Because the bigger your platform is the more likely people are to return your call, okay?
 So this should be the focus so again if I come back to this everything you're focusing on is this traffic you control buying ads
 Traffic that earn earning ads and we're gonna go deeper into this in a minute
 But the goal of both of those is to turn it into your own platform now platform can be a lot of things when I got started
 All the platform was your was your email list, okay?
 I still like think focal focusing on email is one of the most important things because if if an email source
 Roush for our shut you down you can move your email list another one and so that's an asset they can they can follow you
 But your platform is also different things like how many guys are on Instagram right now?
 Okay, your Instagram following is a platform. How do you guys have a podcast right now?
 Your podcast listeners are a following how many guys have a Facebook following?
 YouTube subscribers right all those things are platforms, okay, and so
 What I'm gonna be talking about we're gonna break this down is that your platform doesn't always have to be one thing
 In fact usually there's a platform on each of these different channels that we're gonna talk about okay
 And you should be building more than one
 but the biggest problem I have with other ones is like
 The reason why email so much is because if you get shut down you can move it if Facebook shuts you down like you're you're done
 If you two shut down your channel because you did something
 Aggressive like you can't do much about it
 So I think always focusing on email is one but then a secondary and maybe and more as we go through is as a big piece of it
 Okay, so that's that's the key is building your platform
 Okay, all right, so that's that's the first step here
 All right step number two
 So now that you've got this stuff figured out right and again
 I'm gonna go deeper into this all these things will kind of layer upon each other and the end will be this beautiful picture like oh
 Crap that's what it is. This is so much easier than I thought okay, so this is the first part
 So what I want to do I want to kind of before we go deep back into this part right here
 I want to go deeper on this right here, okay, so you have your own platform
 Well most people don't think through is all they're thinking about is themselves in a share
 I'm gonna build a platform and big email list big podcast following a big whatever like that's our focus because that's who we are
 Entrepreneurs right like significance we're gonna be keeps following
 But what I wish I would have done from day number one when I first got started in this business
 It's spend more time thinking about about the person who do I actually want on my list?
 Take you read the dot-com secrets book. They're very introduction in here
 I talk about you finding a dream customer I talked about for me
 I had five or six years of my business and one day woke up and I was depressed. I was so upset
 I wish I remember sitting there in bed laying there thinking I wish I had a boss so they could fire me
 So I could like separate myself for my customers, but unfortunately
 I had built the company I built a platform by the people who were in my platform
 We're not people I wanted to to serve every single day and it was it's it can be depressing
 I promise if you build the wrong platform
 It can be really really frustrating when you show up one day and you're like I hate my customers
 How many has ever hated your customers before?
 Good, I'm glad that I'm off the only one
 It's tough so if you don't think through like who is my dream customer ahead of time
 You're gonna wake up one day with a customer you hate so I want you thinking like who is my dream customer?
 Who is that person I'm trying to serve?
 and
 And so what I want to do is I want to talk about your dream customers journey, okay?
 So who is my dream customer? I want to understand their journey. So the first thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna drop at you here
 So this is this is your dream customer
 Okay, how many guys know who your dream customer is in your mind? I don't exactly that person is
 Okay, if you don't I encourage you people and people like I want to serve awesome people like
 Spend time actually thinking through this like who do I actually want to serve like who is that person?
 What do they look like? What are their what are their fears? What are they excited about?
 What is the pain that they are trying to get away from?
 Okay, and what is the pleasure they're trying to move towards?
 Okay, if you've ever studied NLP you learn a really cool thing about the human mind
 All humans are doing one of two things and one they're trying to move away from pain and number two
 They try to move towards pleasure. What's interesting is most people are more dominant on one or the other
 I'm curious
 How many of you guys make most of your core decisions because you're trying to move away from pain in your life?
 Try to your your wrong lose weights
 You're moving away from pain that you're trying to you want to you want to make money here?
 We want to get rid of your boss you want like that you're in pain you want to move away from pain
 How many guys make most of your decisions based on moving away from pain?
 Okay, now the other side is you make choices like I'm moving towards pleasure like I want a nice car
 I want to like have six pack abs for the girls. I want to have like all these things like that
 How many of you make your choices moving towards pleasure?
 Okay, interesting it's like 50/15 this room
 Typically what I find in an entrepreneurial room most of us make most entrepreneurs make their choices towards pleasure
 Not all but most of them do where in the in the the real world most humans make their
 Make their decisions moving away from pain
 But regardless you as someone who's gonna be serving this dream customer you have to know what those things are
 What is the pain they're trying to get out of you think about that and figure that like what is that pain?
 They're trying to get out of okay
 If you're not if you don't know what that is like that you're just gonna be really hard for you to serve them
 And the second thing is like what's the pleasure?
 They're trying to move towards like what is it that they actually want what's that thing that like that?
 The biggest desires they have okay, so you have to know that you know everything about that with your with your dream customer
 Okay
 Now the next thing I want you guys to think about and this isn't to come into a lot of the dream 100 stuff
 here in a minute
 So if you draw a timeline of
 your dream customers life
 This is all the stuff
 That they're dealing with before you come to him and this is all the stuff they're dealing with after
 So I start building up my dream 100 list. I look at my customer. I'm okay to save so for me. I sell funnels
 You guys know that's what I sell okay, so that's like what I sell right so I'm okay
 So my dream customer they need a funnel okay, but what do they need before they need a funnel right?
 Most of them wake up more and more like I need a funnel right where they need before they need a funnel before you need a funnel
 They need so I'm coming before
 Think that what's the thing they need before they get my funnel and what they need before that before that and before that and before that
 I'm taking them backwards on this journey right so if they're gonna get a funnel before they need a funnel
 They probably need a business maybe
 Maybe some one here. I got like they need a they need a business
 Maybe they they need a logo. They need branding
 They need there's probably things that happen before they come to me and they're ready for me right and then after they've got a funnel
 Then one of the things they need after they have a funnel they might need traffic
 They might need graphic design they have other things afterwards right and so I don't look at this customer journey like where where's my where's my customer at?
 Okay
 and
 And so this is the first phase how many has ever thought about this before?
 Okay, Jay Graham taught me this initially so look if you're trying to find joint venture partners or dream 100
 The first thing I figured out is like where does your your product your service fit in the timeline of your dream customer?
 And you got to figure out what are all the services they need before they come to you and what all the services
 They need after they come to you we identify that you know exactly who your partners are right because if I go to somebody else
 Who's selling funnel funnel software which is like right here?
 Which is like where most people go like why don't sell a weight loss product?
 Why would they promote my weight loss product?
 They have one too
 It probably won't because you're selling the same thing
 So you've got to go on this customer journey be prior to that before they want a weight loss
 What else do they get what do they need maybe they had high blood pressure? Oh my gosh?
 They've had blood pressure maybe I could dream 100 all the people of high who have list with high blood pressure because that's something
 They need before they lose weight right and so I'm looking at this customer journey
 What are the things that happen before they come to me and things happen after because that's where you're gonna fit in
 Okay, your dream 100 partners are gonna be better here and here probably than the other side of the other place away
 All right guys. Thank you for listening to the first
 of the three parts of
 My presentation dream 100 caught and I hope you enjoyed it
 Hopefully see you in the wheels and your head spinning about traffic and and kind of how traffic works
 Tomorrow I will give you guys a part to thanks so much and we'll see you guys tomorrow
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes
 Reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
