 Hey everyone, this is Russell Brunson welcome to the third and final part of my presentation dream 100 con
 I hope you've been enjoying it so far if you if you're just jumping right now go back
 Listen to episode one and two is all part of a 90 minute presentation
 I gave it day in the derricks dream 100 con where I was going into the dream 100 and how it works inside of your business
 And it is the foundation for all traffic. It's foundation for how we grow and how we scale companies foundation for everything
 And it also happens to be the first like two chapters of the new traffic secrets books. So I
 Hope you guys are getting some anticipation and
 Excitement for the book that be coming out next year on this can go deep into this stuff
 But this is a really good foundation. Hope you understand how the dream 100 works
 How it fits in context of the other platforms that add networks and everything like that. So without any further ado
 I'm going to jump into the third part of this presentation from Dana Derek's dream 100 con
 I hope you enjoy it and I'll see you guys after the intro
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 So
 All right, so now that you kind of have that context now I want to talk about I'm going to go to these channels here
 Talk about growing these different channels. Okay, so each channel when you start going through these you have to understand each channel
 It's a little bit different the way that they they all kind of work. Okay
 So the first one is Facebook like that. So Facebook for me is closest to like a talk show now
 It's interesting if you look at
 When new movies come out
 It
 Actually be fun as we go through all these I want you to think about this because you've all the Cv
 Things every single day
 But if you start seeing what's happening in in the real world and see how coordinates what we're doing today
 She get really excited. So when the expert stickers book was coming out. We're trying to figure out
 How do we launch this thing? How do we get it out there to the whole world and?
 When I was watching I was watching
 Late night TV a camera what show it was or whatever
 I came over with actor, but basically there's movie coming out and the actor was on the show
 Let's say it's Ben Affleck, right?
 So Ben Affleck was on he was on like Jimmy Kimmel talking about the movie to show a little clip of it and then boom
 Then Jimmy Kimmel and then then a Ben Affleck went to the today show and then good morning America
 It does a circuit
 It's all different talk shows talking about the movie and then that Friday the film goes live and they still trying to take it
 Right, so what does Hollywood do they do the same thing they go and they find a distribution channel
 They get this person in front of all of it and they do two things number one is they work their way in right?
 They get Ben Affleck or whoever the whoever the celebrities from the movie to get on the show and actually I talk about the show
 So they work their way in but then they also go and they buy their way in okay during the break
 There's all sorts of commercials coming out for the show as well right?
 So they're buying the way and they're working their way in for the core audiences
 They know we're gonna buy the movie
 You know the hype and the buzz and then they go and then people show up to the movie and hopefully it's a big blockbuster, right?
 So I'm watching this and I see this whole thing happen
 I watch the movie blow up a silly sales and I was like gosh like I wish I could get on all these shows
 I would love to be on the today show and good morning America and all these things
 But unfortunately traditional media thinks that I'm a big internet nerd and that I'm just trying to sell stuff and they they
 They don't like people like me right at least that's the story in my head
 It's probably not true, but that's my belief right and so I'm like I can't get all these shows
 That's that's like frustrating and then I was like wait a minute
 Facebook is similar to talk shows right people built these huge distribution channels
 what if I went and just did what what Ben Affleck just did by doing everyone's Facebook channels
 so the first step we did me and Dave sat down freaking out and
 Steven was there at the time - we sat down and said let's build a dream 100 everyone on Facebook who's got a big huge Facebook following
 Okay, we sat down until a huge dream 100 just
 Actually not true. So this is the mistake I made that I want to teach you guys to - we built our initial dream 100
 And it was the first time it was like everybody and then the goal was to go do talk shows on all these people's Facebook channels
 What was interesting is that we had some people have huge email lists and we did we did like Facebook lives on there on their
 On their Facebook platform and they got like four people to show up as huge waste of time. Okay, one thing what you understand is that
 This is like a really simple but a really powerful concept people who listen to podcasts
 They listen to podcasts
 People who read emails like read emails
 People who read blogs re blogs people who watch things on Facebook watching on Facebook, okay?
 People kind of pick their platforms. I'm curious just in this room alone. How many guys get the majority of your media through YouTube?
 Okay, how many days of the majority of your media reading blogs or through like medium.com
 How many of the majority of your media through podcasts? That's we like to consume
 How many is the majority of your media through Facebook lives?
 Okay, it's really fascinating. So what we found is like I was trying to do this dream 100 strategy or some of the big email list
 But they had no people on Facebook. There's a huge waste of my time. Okay, and so for you if you come back down
 It's really figuring that out like okay
 I'm just gonna dream 100 on this platform because this is the platform where these people live
 Okay, if I'm gonna get people from from from Facebook to follow me on Facebook like that's where they're all gonna be at
 Right, so again
 We came back here with with Facebook
 We don't own dream 100 but like huge dream 100 everyone who had a big Facebook following and then we start calling them up and said
 hey can Russell come on your Facebook page and do an interview with you and it was like a virtual book tour and
 We got a ton of people to say yes, which is really cool
 So I was on all these different people's channels doing Facebook lives like hey
 This is Russell a little and I got interviewed by Tony Robbins my grandcard owned by a bunch of you guys here in the store
 Mike did a ton of them I
 I mean we're doing like 10 a day or something like for two weeks
 It was really exhausting, but we did the whole like circuit of that
 So I worked my way into all of these different shows and the second thing we did and this was kind of a cool unique strategy
 Is we got agreements for all people who've been Facebook live for me to actually go into their ads account and buy ads
 So I started buying my way
 And right so Tony Robbins gives access to their ad account where I could plug in and John and my team could actually take our interview and boost it
 That's how we got like 3.2 million people to see the interview with Tony's because we were buying ads to growing up
 So I both worked my way and I bought my way and to grow that thing right the same thing with
 Grand cardones and every single person's audience if you look at the net effect from that whole thing
 We sold tens of thousands of copies of the book
 But then my Facebook channel because I'm being interviewed by by Tony by all these people and so they in the thing
 You see my head his head my channel grew by over a hundred thousand subscribers during that time
 Okay, and so my channel started growing my channel started getting bigger
 Okay, so for each of these I'm gonna kind of go through some of the strategy behind each of these
 But I want you guys to understand that most of you aren't going to go and build a channel on all of these
 Okay, I would pick just one right now
 Okay, because if you're trying to do podcasting and Facebook lives and blogging and
 Insta like all these things this can be super diluted and it's gonna be really really hard for you to do it
 So pick like and I would recommend whatever platform you're the most obsessed with is the one you should plug into like if you
 Love listening to podcast all that you should be a podcaster because you're gonna understand that medium so much better
 If you love Facebook lives you can do Facebook like
 Initially at least pick pick like the one medium that you like the best and start focusing on that
 Okay, as you start growing you can pick a second one and a third of them if you triple down on one
 It's gonna be way better for you. I promise you that okay
 So I'm gonna go through the core ones here
 And then and then I want you guys kind of think through it for yourself what you want to do okay now each each
 I can come back to the very first image for each of these different platforms
 My goal again is the same thing
 from right here
 Okay, I'm building my own podcast show I'm building my own Facebook following I'm building my own Instagram
 I pick the platform you want to focus on but just pick one right now
 Okay, then the question the thought is okay. How do I buy my way in how do I earn my way in?
 To that one right so if it's if it's Facebook live I build my dream 100
 Okay, can I get these people to interview me on the page?
 That's gonna that's gonna build my platform if not can I buy ads to their people that's gonna build my platform
 Can I buy my way and can I work my way in what can I do both right if I'm gonna podcast same thing in fact um
 How many guys have ever listened to?
 To the art of the charm podcast
 The art of the charm podcast it was like
 One of the top podcasts in all of iTunes and the dude who started his name is Jordan
 Harvenger
 It's interesting because for some reason him is business partners down a fight or something and he left that podcast and then he started his new
 podcast called the Jordan Harvenger show and
 I'd never listened to that other podcast
 But all of a sudden I started hearing him like all the favorite podcast
 I listened to like he was popping up on the first one and the second one and the third one and like everybody's interviewing this guy
 I'm so confused and what everyone knows like how did you build the biggest podcast out?
 Like number one or two in the all of iTunes and he said well we launched a show and then I went to every other
 podcaster and I did interviews with them and in my call to action was if you like me go listen to the Jordan
 Harvenger show he says with interesting that people listen to podcast listen to podcast
 So I leverage all the podcast and my dream 100 listeners to go and fuel and build up my podcast
 Okay, if you go listen like he's just that's always you're interested in interview after interview just building things up
 You could do the same thing is now find all the other big in a big podcast and buy ads to build a platform
 But all he's doing is trying to grow his platform for round two
 So look at somebody who built the biggest one of the biggest podcasts in the world how he builds his second one
 It's the same thing we're talking about build your platform and then come back and earn your way in work your way in or buy your
 Way in or both
 Okay, so if whatever platform you're picking that's that's kind of the process can something come back to here
 Okay, so that's the talk show so again if you're new Facebook, you're like number one
 Okay, I'm gonna focus I'm gonna double triple downs when you build huge Facebook fall
 That's my goal cool. See build your page they come back. So okay, I'm gonna work my way and I'm gonna buy my way
 I'm a dream 100 all my people who from these people
 Can I can I work my way and who can I buy my way in and that's how you start growing up the the channel?
 Okay, all right number two direct mail an email so old school
 Look at the old school method of this and you can learn a lot looking at the old school as you're looking at what's new
 So how many guys?
 Obsessively study direct mail
 Me and Dana probably couple people so I don't know I still love the old guys the best
 When Dana was joking about me and getting bidding wars on eBay like that's actually a true thing
 Every Sunday night I send my bed in eBay and I have like 12 searches that are always preloaded ones Dan Kennedy ones Gary
 Halbert ones
 John like all the old school people I'm searching for the new thing to pop up and I buy everything. It's really it's really fun
 And because I love the old stuff. It's my favorite because there's so much you can learn that that
 relates back to what we're doing today and in our world so
 Direct mail is
 It's just like talk shows right you look at you look at how Hollywood does the talk show circuits
 It gives us the model what we should be doing. So the same thing is true with direct mail. So look at direct mail
 Back in the day. So this is how the whole thing works, right? So initially with direct mail
 What you would do see this is you and
 Direct mail similar to dream 100 right? There are lists out there now
 If you look at like the history of direct mail like initially what people do is they would go and they would like just try to mail
 Everybody right they would try get the phone book out and they would just like get a whole bunch of names and send them out stuff
 How many I think that's efficient or effective or anything?
 It's really bad in fact, it's funny when I was first learning about direct mail when I was 12
 I remember them talking about this whole concept
 Excuse me and it was similar to email where basically they're like, okay
 I find imagine you get a list of hundred thousand people you mail them out a letter and three percent people respond
 This is how money works and you make a bunch of money. So I was like, oh, so it was a 12 year old kid
 I got excited and
 So I wrote a sales letter on blue paper because that's all that we had in the printer and my parents printer
 My birthday I asked for stamps such a nerd
 So my parents gave me like 36 stamps because that was like the equivalent of what they were willing to spend on my birthday present
 I took my 36 stamps I wrote out a one-page sales letter on the blue paper
 Because that's all we had and I fold it in half and I couldn't afford envelopes and then I put a sticker on my hand wrote out
 36 addresses and I know who like where to give a list
 So I literally got my phone book and I opened it up and I was like that guy's getting a letter
 I wrote his name in I flipped over that guy's getting a letter and I found 36 people randomly from the phone book
 And so like city Utah and then I took those letters and I mailed them and I was just like oh my gosh
 This is gonna be huge
 I'm like if 1% buy I like do the math and I and I was so excited my sample size of 36
 I mailed these letters out and nothing happened not a single person responded and
 It was really heartbreaking
 But it was really hard to read like the blue black ink on blues really hard to read and I was like oh
 I wish my parents had white paper for some reason they didn't who knows
 And so they that was like traditional like when when direct about first start people just trying to mail like the phone book
 Right and there's only one campaign the history world's ever actually worked with the phone book
 Okay, and it was a it was a
 Campaign that Gary Halber did called the coat of arms letter. Who's ever heard of this story for?
 The old school story is the best so I actually chance to meet Gary Halber. I interviewed him once before he passed away, but he is like
 one of the most amazing
 People are in she ever in fact to go to Gary Halber letter.com. You can still see all those old newsletters
 He's published for last decade before he passed away. They're all there
 You can read him just reading him like you learn more about marketing than you want them, you know almost any other way
 So the Gary Halber letter anyway, so as I'm studying Gary stuff
 He tells the story about the coat arms was actually interviewed with him and my first mentor mark joiner
 And he's telling the story so what he did is he he would try to hold a bunch of things and he found this like
 Like a family crest like coat of arms thing right and it cost them like I don't know 30 cents like photocopy it and put it
 Out to people and so he did is he was like well
 This has got people's names on it like I could you actually use the phone book
 And so he like took all the Johnsons in the phone book and they mailed out this one page sales letter
 Do you see he read the letter it's so good. Anyway, it's like it's like a super personal like hey
 This is Gary and like whatever and I had the same last name as you and I found the family coat of arms
 It's really cool. Check it out and like I actually got a whole bunch of imprinted just myself again my family stuff
 I saw you the same last name. You're also Johnson
 I'm Johnson like if you want I can send you for like five bucks to send me cash and envelope and I'll send you out
 Your own coat of arms
 And what's interesting I'll go to deep in this bit he found like with the bigger names like Johnson or Smith
 It didn't work with the smaller names like Brunson or Derek's where like it's like a more unique name
 It killed it. He was literally getting the phone book ripping him out dudes typing in all this stuff
 And they'd mail those out and they write the letter for the Derek's family and the Brunson family and
 What's funny is oh?
 This is the coolest part of story. She was here to tell it
 but
 His dad at the time was kind like I think most of our parents
 I remember when I first got started in this business
 I was making like quarter million bucks a year and my mom was always like excited still in school at time
 And she's like well Russell when you get on school like what's your job gonna be I'm like mom
 This is my job. She's like no no but like when you're done with that like what are you gonna do when you like want to grow up?
 I'm like mom. This is this is a legit thing. I guess this is real and it's funny if any guys know David Fry
 David Fry is my second uncle or something like that
 He who's also in our industry and like I found out years later that that he was gonna say the thing
 I was doing so I called my mom like Uncle David like he's doing what I'm doing
 She's like oh well. He does really well. Okay, you can do that like that legitimize what we do because somebody else that she knew was doing it
 But Gary had send his dad or dad just like when you get a real job when you do sing and and Gary
 So he told dad like dad I want you to I want you to put on a nice certain time to pick you up tomorrow
 I want to show you something and so his dad's like why he's like
 I'll just just please like dress up nice and take you out
 So he goes picks up his dad next morning
 He drives over to the bank and they walk into the bank and there's like the bank tellers there and stuff
 And then there's this like stairway is like my dad. That's like what do you do?
 He's like come over here. He's like we can't go up there like that's just for employees like come here dad
 So he takes this thing and they walk up the stairs and go on the second level of the bank and walk around the bank
 And there's like 60 full-time people there and 60 people who are opening up envelopes and pulling out five one dollar bills
 Putting him in a bank bag and cashing him boom 60 full-time people and he tells us that this is
 This is the people at the bank who work to cash to put our cash into the bank full-time
 And it's like those are the those are the sales for the month is you know that these are the sales for today
 Okay, that that letter at its peak was getting like ten thousand plus responses a day of people sending in five dollars a time
 And they had full-time people just doing that can in the cash and he's like okay
 You can do you can keep doing this like legitimize it for his father
 So like that's kind of a direct mill work now for most people the phone book concept does not work right having phone book doesn't work
 But for that one
 There's a picture of phone book. I don't know okay that doesn't work
 But if you look at like the progression right so what happened then is like people started here
 They were testing all sorts of stuff that happened is that people started getting buyers right and they started building buyer lists
 So so this person over here this tube be like hey, I don't have a phone book
 But I've got this list right here. These are a whole bunch of people on my list
 Let's say there's there's thirty thousand people that bought something from me
 So you can know the phone book of like a billion people and like crush fingers and hope or if you're selling something similar like
 I I sold thirty thousand people garden hoses if you have something that someone bought a garden hose
 Well, you can rent this list and so people come they rent this list and they would mail it out
 Right and then somebody else over here would have a list that was
 Based on a business opportunity this guy to have a list based on like
 Health and weight loss and soon we feel build up huge directories like here's all the different lists that are out there
 If you've heard the srds this huge directory of every list known to man that people actually rent it and every market you can find
 Here's a hundred or a thousand people that have buyer lists of people okay, so the first phase was like the phone book list
 Phone book the second phase became buyer lists
 Buyer lists and then the third phase
 That people are saying the buyers are good
 But like sometimes they're better something's are worse and he's buyerless people like well here's all my buyer list last ten years
 And in there you got tons of people that moved and all sorts of stuff
 And so they came up with this algorithm that figured out who how to get the best possible people on the list the algorithm is
 this our
 fm any direct response nerds know what rf M stands for I
 Know Dave knows anybody else
 Recent case or recent see how recent had they bought something somebody bought something yesterday's more valuable than somebody bought something three years ago
 Okay, so recently the second one the F is frequency how often they buy it how many as are hyperactive buyers
 Have you got more than one thing for me about funnels?
 Okay, guess what you're more likely to keep buying from me
 But also I bought a thing on funnels. No, it doesn't matter like you're obsessed of your obsessive compulsive like me
 Right you buy the thing and the next thing and next thing you can't stop okay, so that's better
 I want people that buy frequently. That's a better buyer
 So they bought recently they're better buyers about frequently they're better value by and what's the M stand for?
 Monetary value how much they spend the dude who gave me
 $30,000 is worth more than the guy who gave me free plus shipping right so you start doing this say well
 Okay, I want to rent your list of 30,000 people
 But I want people that have bought in the last 30 days about at least two things from you and spent over a thousand bucks
 Right and now you get the cream of the crop the gold and that's who you would go out and you would mail from the list
 Okay
 So that's kind of how the old school work now
 And other cool things we've learned from the old school as well is if if you would go and if let's say I rent this dude's
 List I get these people if I would just send a letter to him randomly it would do good
 But what would do better?
 They they eventually sing called the lift letter so the lift letter is is a one-page paper from the person
 They know right like they know let's say this is Lady Boss and they know Kaitlyn
 So there'll be one page letter from Kaitlyn being like hey, I just know Russell's got this really cool weight loss program
 It's really really good for the dad
 So if you're where my lady boss women and you want your husband to be a little skinny you should get Russell's program
 It's amazing blah blah blah blah blah
 And be one page lift letter to be on top of it and then underneath the lift letter be my entire sales letter
 So on my program, okay, so we learn this and these guys like having lifted letters better. Okay, so how does that correlate to us today?
 Right what correlates to us today is like understanding is if I'm going after someone with email
 I want to find I want to find people that email us that are good right people that have that they're they're growing less
 Recency frequency monetary value
 I tell you what like if I can do a JD partnership with somebody who their potential by like all their customers have spent a thousand bucks
 With them or five thousand bucks with them like that's them
 I'm gonna spend more time on that dream 100 person say know that their list is way worth way more
 Right if I know this is a man that's guys to the product launch. He's got five thousand new buyers
 Oh my gosh like that they kids that by list is hot
 Okay, when we should be in the product launch game
 We launch a product we sell ten thousand copies of it and for next like 60 days our list was hot anything we promoted
 They would buy because they were recent right and so it's like you're finding partnerships looking at people who actually have listed already
 See a lot of people who like I when we launched the expert secrets book
 They had done really good on the doccom secrets book launch as all excited for them to promote and sell and guess what?
 these people hadn't added anyone to their list in like three years and then they didn't email very often and
 They did horrible on the launch the second one because they weren't always doing the same
 So when I look for JV partners
 I'm looking for people have recently frequency and monetary value inside their list has a much more valuable partner for me than somebody who isn't
 Okay, I also look at this with the list letter right like the reason why JV's do so good if you get the dream 100
 You like dude Dana wrote this book. It's insane. It's 400 bucks doesn't make any sense, but this book is amazing
 Do you come on this webinar with me? It's gonna be like he's an explain the whole thing. It's gonna be awesome
 Right that's gonna be way better than me running a cold Facebook ad to Dana's audience, right?
 So if I can get him to the lift letter him to endorse it to promote it before they come on everything goes up, right?
 That's why Dana when he did his Facebook ads made zero dollars and sells on his webinar
 Do the same thing with the JV partner who did a lift letter and warmed him up?
 260 thousand dollars and sells that's the difference, right?
 So we learned so many good things from direct notes emails the same thing
 So the second phase in this for you guys is you need to go sit down and like who are the emailers in my business?
 Because people who read emails people who open click on emails are people who open click on emails
 Okay, I'm gonna find the email is gonna build a dream 100 less and then I'm gonna do one or two things
 I'm gonna work my way in or I'm gonna buy my way in okay?
 I'll work my way in means I'm gonna try to do dream 100
 I'm get done to promote myself as an affiliate they say no or whatever I can see if I can buy my way in
 Okay, I'm gonna go and see if I can buy an ad in their newsletter if I can pay them up front
 This weekend at my secret Illuminati meeting I was hanging out with
 The guy that owns a tapping point solution and you guys know I should probably should tell the members of Illuminati. I might get killed
 Alex Nick or New Year's know them at all. It's never coming out tapping point solution, which is like it's really cool
 It's really cool thing
 But what they do when they do a dream 100 stuff is they have like their entire business is based on the fillets promoting their stuff
 But they don't pay fillets commissions at all
 What they do is they pay a fillets like a buck 50 for every single click that they get no matter matter what right?
 And so they're able to go to affiliates and they're not necessarily working there wearing like hey
 You'll split the money 50 50's like okay, how many clicks you send?
 I'll give you this much per click you as in and they're like sure and that's how they they're buying their way into every single
 One their dream 100s list. Okay, so different ways to structure is to start learning about this. Okay. All right
 the reason why I'm kind of showing you guys this in detail in each platform is because
 One of the biggest in their way understand is I understand like the concepts are the same for all of these right?
 It's picking the platform building my channel doing the dream 100 working my way and buying my way into growing my platform
 Okay, and it's this it's gonna be similar on every single one of these and you can understand that this will make sure business like
 bulletproof because
 Someday Facebook's gonna get squashed or email might get banned right?
 I had a bunch of friends who made a ton of money back when facts blast were real and they could just like
 You could rent a fax list and you could scute up and you'd have your cells that are printing on like 35,000 people stuff that night
 And then at the FTC or FDA whatever FTC I think came in and made fact blasting illegal and like that dried up
 Email could be legal tomorrow. We have no idea right
 Blogs could like who knows like things could be shut down, but if you understand these concepts it doesn't matter right and as new
 Platforms come out if you understand like hey
 I want to go big in Twitter or twitch or Pinterest or whatever it is the same process same concepts the same okay, so you build your channel
 Find the dream 100 work my way and buy my way and boom. That's it. Okay direct mail number three radio podcast same thing
 I talked about
 If you want to build a podcast channel, that's it build the channel build the platform and then you go dream 100
 Like go to the iTunes directory go to stitch or go to like all the big directories searching your phrases
 You got who your people are and go surgery 100 and or go back in time like maybe maybe
 Like if I come here my customer journey right like my my best ones like if I go like sales funnel radio
 Everyone's Stevens podcast probably want sales funnel
 So that's like an easy one to do right but if I can go backwards in time in the in the podcast directly by K
 Well
 They can like three funnel podcasts. So like who else do I go I have to go backwards in the customer journey
 Right, who's got a business on who's got a podcast on business growth?
 Who's got a podcast to chiropractors? Who's got a pod pass on anybody else who may potentially be a customer going backwards?
 So don't just do the obvious like oh rust was only three people to have a funnel podcast
 Like okay, that's that's right here now go backwards in the in the timeline
 Who else needs a podcast go warmer to the traffic and go to the colder traffic and go back and forth
 But you should be able to get at least 100 people from any podcast directory for it. You're in so don't tell me like
 Only three people case because you're being lazy. You got to go backwards in time and think hot traffic warm traffic all the way to cold
 Okay
 So that's podcasting same thing. Okay, YouTube is like a sitcom. Okay, how many guys watch TV?
 Okay, Dave and I're talking us last night. So YouTube is a little different beast, right?
 It's not like I like I can buy my way in real easy. I can find okay
 Here's all Tony Robbins videos and I can buy ads I can go and find infusions soft
 They can be my dream 100 having as they're watching a fusion soft tutorial on YouTube
 What happens right before that right before the fusion soft tutorial pops up is me
 be like
 You sure if you're not just confusion soft it is confusing software, but guess what?
 There's this really cool tool called click funnels. So before you watch this tutorial
 I'm gonna show you something's way simpler than the crap you're trying to figure out click down below
 It's really fun
 Same thing with lead pages and hub spot and unbalance and all my competitors, right?
 So they're my dream 100 in YouTube because I want to pop them from everyone their tutorial videos and explain to them
 Why the software they're using is the devil and why I am their savior. So it's really really fun, right?
 So I dream 100 my competitors there, but then on the on how do I work my way in on a YouTube channel, right?
 How do people do it through sitcoms? How do you through um through like different TV shows?
 Well think about it. How many has ever seen a show where they're they call them a crossover show?
 Where two different cast of shows will be on show together?
 Why do they do that?
 Why would they do that? Why would they do that?
 Well, maybe this shows got a big following and this shows got a big following the element of attractive characters people over here on
 E.R. Love the ER staff and over here. They're like the Simpsons like the Simpsons staff whatever it is
 They do a crossover show where some of the characters connect
 Right and the people who love this show see this people love the show and also they cross pollinate now
 Both channels get bigger. I Dave was pulling some money a bunch of different shows you like
 The flash and super girl that are crossed over show so that both I used to find out the other shows
 Fresh Prince and the Jeffersons did it Simpsons in 24 law and order and homicide like dozens and dozens of shows
 This is how the cross pollinate TV shows
 Okay, so if you how do you do that?
 You dream 100 the crap out of the YouTube out of YouTube you find out who are all the people you eventually would love to have their
 Audiences and then you do crossover shows you could you do something I video together and you do the crossover
 Okay now again initially obviously I would love to find someone with a billion person
 YouTube following you do a crossover show they're probably not gonna do it
 Okay, typically a crossover shows no work where you've got similar platforms, so you've got
 10,000 people on YouTube. I'm dream 100 every one of my markets got 10,000 people we're gonna do a crossover show
 I'm gonna get a bunch of their people get much my people and I might show girls to 15,000
 Then I'm gonna go and say okay
 Who's my next thing to a crossover show there boom and they keep doing that and keep sending myself up the dream 100
 So eventually you got a hundred thousand and then a million and you can keep growing from there
 Okay, so doing videos together is how you do the crossover show
 Same thing comes the true with Instagram right Instagram happens. I dream 100 it
 I can go buy swipe ups on on the people that are my dream 100
 I can buy ads the people my dream 100 then I can also do partnerships with them right like yesterday. I was in or two days ago
 I was in
 What's it called I was in?
 Jackson Hole in a helicopter and having a new Dave Hollis's
 David's wife are amazing and she's got like a billion followers
 He's got less but growing fast and he was in the helicopter
 He's like hey, I'm in the helicopter back here with Russell Brunson and they tagged me at Russell Brunson
 And I got a whole slew of like thousand plus people from his following who didn't follow me
 Like just like that. Okay right now with Stephen Larson said it's my name
 I was filming him and I attacked Stephen Larson guess what's gonna happen?
 He's gonna hold a crap to my people who didn't come over his thing right
 I'm gonna like a little cross the little mini crossover shows on Instagram
 Right and how much is day need like three or four data so invite people to do cool things with you and then they'll tag you and all
 Send I guarantee you probably woke up some of the whole bunch of new Instagram followers if you even know how to log into Instagram
 Yeah, you don't even know I bet they're there happen to Todd if I'm hiking live guess what I tagged Todd and something
 He had like three followers. He woke up next more like 700 followers
 And he's like oh I should probably do some Instagram now right so you're finding cool people then hanging out with them
 They're already doing that and then very quickly like people will start sucking you and you're doing that same kind of thing
 So I'm working my way in and I'm buying my way
 In fact all the guys should Instagram me right now and then tag me and just like you have my permission
 You need to dance or something like yes anyway
 Whatever you want to do tag the crap out of me because I want all your people to follow me as well
 Okay, so I'm working my way and I'm buying my way and I'm building my channel
 Okay, same thing happens with with blogs in fact
 And he has one no SEO works
 like two minutes
 SEO
 Because like they wish I could be from number one of Google for my term. Okay, so dream 100 is actually how you do SEO as well
 Which is fascinating. Nobody ever believes me tell him this nice show them the right what oh mind blown okay
 The dude who I think is the best SEO coach right now again guy named Brian Dean at back linko
 Dot-com
 And if you look at Brian's strategy is literally a dream 100 so this is what he does
 he goes into the Google and
 He figures out like man, it would be awesome to be ranked for
 types and phrase
 Sales funnels and he clicks search boom and it's like dude number one lady number two person number three and like here's the top 10
 Right he's like that would be my dream spot
 I want to be number one and like who is the dude who is number one?
 So he clicks on this thing it goes up here this page and it's like here's the dude who's number one for sales fun
 I was like oh there is an article that would be awesome if that was mine instead
 Okay, and so a couple things you could do there's a couple levels of dream 100 here right one levels like hey
 I want to be right here. Let me contact this person and see if I can buy an ad on his page
 So what I do is I build the dream 100 of every single person that's in the top 10 in Google for the keywords
 I'm dreaming about and I can buy my way in where I just go and buy an ad directly on their page in the past back
 We're doing more biz-op stuff
 I found the top three people here and literally paid them to throw a pop-up on their page that people opted in my newsletter
 And I was not pay I didn't work for this
 I was paying per opt-in to get all the cream people came to Google search for the thing came to thing and then they opt in
 It's like the best leads ever. Okay, but then okay, let me step back. So that's like one way you can use dream 100
 But if they go what what Brian teaches the backlinko
 just super cool
 As he takes this page and he's like why does this page rank number one like why does Google actually like it?
 There's got to be a reason and so he does some stuff is like okay
 This page has got let's say it's like three thousand word article in the article
 He said the word sales funnels like six times use these keywords and here's some other key
 So you they kind of diagrams like what was that then reduzzy takes this and there's different sites
 You can do to run a background thing and he runs it through it and says how many people are linking to the site?
 Okay, and says oh this site has
 682 links coming back to it, right? And so here's here's all the links that are coming back. They're pointing to this page
 Okay, so we know is the Google's algorithms based on two things what's on the page and then who are all people pointing back to you?
 So what what Brian does we teaches all the students he says this is your dream 100
 You say that but that's what it is he then takes this list of dream 100 and he emails every single person like hey, dude
 You're a blog or whatever is amazing. I saw you're linking to my buddy over here. I wrote an article as well
 his is only three thousand words mine six and
 If you love if you like I love you link to mine as well, and then he gets this dude now to link to his article
 It's even better
 And then this dude and then this lady and this person this person is soon
 All the people that are making this thing popped number one start linking here and within the week
 He's at number ten and then seven and then three and then two and then he's just getting some more links. That's SEO
 All dream 100 that makes sense. Okay, this process you guys. It's the same over and over and over and over again
 Okay, and then the last one out here the ice put other because this is true with every platform, right?
 If you guys want to Twitter, what do you do?
 Build the dream 100 list. How do I work my way and how do I buy my way?
 And that's the game I want to be big on twitch or big on Pinterest like whatever platform you want to be in
 Whatever the next new platform is coming out. It's this is the game
 It's building your own channel figuring out how to work my way and how to buy my way and growing your own platform
 Okay, and so that is it now what I recommend for all of you guys like I said like
 30 minutes ago is don't do all these right now. It'll suffocate you and it'll be really hard
 I like pick pick one which platform do you want to be the best?
 You have the biggest email list one because Facebook following because you think pick one
 I don't care which one it is but pick one the one that you like the most and when you want to geek out when you want to
 Go deep on the most and start building there and that's gonna start building your own platform
 Okay, then as you start growing
 Then you move to the last phase and this is like where in our company route, but we didn't get here to like two years ago
 So don't think you have to do this
 Like today, but long-term the goal then is to get like we call conversation domination
 How do I do this on all the platforms? Okay, and you start building your team house like hey, here's our Facebook dream 100
 Here's our email dream 100. Here's our podcast. There's our YouTube. Here's our Instagram. Here's our blog
 That's what we're doing out our office
 We got people in charge all these things like going deep building dream 100 and then realizing
 Okay, if we're gonna grow our Facebook following people aren't Facebook like being on Facebook
 So let's build a Facebook dream 100. How do we work our way and how do we buy our way in and let's get them to come to our platform
 And say hey, I want to build my podcast following okay, we know people listen to podcasts listen to podcast
 Let's build our dream 100 in the podcast. Let's work our way and let's buy our way and build our platform there
 You want to be big on email on you and that's the same process over and over and over and over again
 And it's not that difficult pretty pretty simple and a lot of fun
 I believe that is the last phase of it so if we kind of scroll through here
 I'm gonna go I'm gonna go back to being real quick and walk you through the seven of these
 So the foundation for this whole thing is this right? It's really understanding this is three types of traffic traffic you control traffic you earn
 Traffic you owe okay, that's the foundation
 So after you figure that out then just come back like who is my dream customer?
 You can obsess them so I can feel where they're actually at because I can't go in and buy that traffic
 We're working my way unless I can figure out exactly where they're at in their life and how to communicate to them at that point
 Right, so we have our dream 100s customer journey. So now we have an idea
 We love our customers exactly who they are obsessed with them who's got them already let's go find those people to build the dream 100
 Let's start building our world before our thirsty is build our ecosystem out there
 Then we're gonna start focusing on of all these people where's the traffic I control traffic?
 I don't control put those pages and mush it back into traffic that we own and from there's understanding the distribution channels understanding the platforms
 Each of the channels is gonna be similar. They're gonna be little tweaks little differences
 We do that to build it out and then as we grow we've moved to full-on conversation nominations
 We start growing across all the platforms and that you guys is how we do the dream 100 in our company
 All right everyone that is it for
 For the third and final part of my presentation dream 100 con I hope you guys enjoyed this presentation
 I think Dana for putting on the event and allowing me to come and speak at it
 I'm glad that I was able to share this with you guys because hopefully get you excited for the traffic secrets book now
 I have one favor if you've enjoyed the last three episodes. I would love for you to take screenshot on your phone and
 And then go and post it on Facebook or Instagram or any other networks you use if you're tweeting or pinning or whatever
 Deltz feel free to post it there be sure to tag me so I can see that you're listening
 That's how I know you're cool and after you tagged me then also do use hashtag marketing secrets and let other people know about this episode
 If you've got value from it, thanks so much you guys appreciate you all and we will talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
