 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 What's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson and welcome back to the party.
 I'm excited to be here with you guys today.
 And we're going live right now on Instagram, Facebook, YouTube.
 I think we're all over the place.
 So appreciate you guys hanging out with me today.
 And I hope you've enjoyed this Traffic Secrets book loss.
 It's been going on this whole week.
 I know a lot of you guys are in quarantine right now and you were bored out of your mind
 to try to figure out what to do.
 Some of you guys are stressed out beyond all belief.
 I get it.
 Some of you guys are like, this is dumb.
 Why are we even worrying?
 And I get it as well.
 So there's a lot of chaos right now in the world and the only thing we can control is
 our mindset and things we're focusing on, things we're putting into our brain.
 And so I keep choosing to try to put my mind focusing on things that can affect, things
 that can change, which really is, you know, this is probably one of if not the best personal
 development weeks for all of us in the world, which is exciting.
 So, all right, really quick.
 Before I jump into reading some more of the book today, it's interesting.
 We used to do our ClickFunnels meeting and today we had the highest, excuse me, yesterday.
 So yesterday we had the highest number of people logging to ClickFunnels ever.
 It's like more than double what happens on a normal day, which means this is literally
 like the season of funnel billing.
 Okay?
 Well, yes, you're home.
 You got the chance right now to finally create.
 There's always this excuse.
 It's like, oh, I can't build a funnel because of this.
 Because of this, I'm too busy.
 I got this.
 There's always like, for some reason people always have this, we call it the Manana principle.
 Like, oh, tomorrow, Manana, tomorrow, I'll do it, tomorrow, I'll do it.
 Okay?
 Well, I want to suggest something for you guys right now.
 Okay?
 I want you to take this Manana principle.
 Most of us have, like, I'll do the work tomorrow.
 I'll do the thing tomorrow.
 I'll do, like, tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow.
 I want you to do this as an exercise.
 Let me really find, okay?
 What you're going to do is the thing that you know you need to be doing, that you normally
 put off to Manana.
 I want you to stop and I want you to do that today.
 Okay?
 The stressing that you were planning on doing today, stressing out about the coronavirus,
 about food, about toilet paper, whatever you're stressing out.
 I want you to take that stress, I want you to stress about it, Manana.
 In case we're just shifting, this is an easy shift, okay?
 We're taking the stuff right now that we're normally worried about, okay?
 And we're shifting it to Manana.
 And the stuff that we normally are going to do to Manana, like the stuff that's actually
 important about building our life, building our business, building our family, we're
 going to shift it to hell today.
 Okay?
 It's just shifting.
 The Manana principle, okay?
 The US can do that.
 The UK is number one.
 You're not going to be stressed out because you're going to be stressing out.
 I know I'm on time right now, I'm busy building funnels tomorrow.
 I will worry about the stress.
 And then today you can get back to work, okay?
 And what's cool about that, if you do it today, okay, it's going to be all of Friday,
 all today to build the work, to build the creative, to build the read, to be able to
 study, to be able to learn.
 Everything is that you've been procrastinating, you're going to have a chance to finally do
 it today, okay?
 And all the stress you've been like sitting on for the last week, you'll move until tomorrow
 and you'll be like, oh, all we got tomorrow.
 Okay?
 And then Ash is like, will you survive today?
 Is your family going to be okay?
 You got food for today?
 Sweet.
 We're about tomorrow.
 Let's get back to work.
 And then what's going to be cool is tomorrow, I'm going to suggest you the same thing.
 Move it to Manana and get back to work, okay?
 So there you go.
 There's a Manana principle in a way that will actually serve you as opposed to hurting
 you.
 But again, we had more than double as many people blogging and click phones yesterday
 that we've ever had, okay?
 Which means it's the season right now.
 It's the season to build funnels, the season to build hope, season to start preparing and
 building your foundation because this season is going to pass, okay?
 And the people who are like frozen by fear in the season, okay?
 When they come out of it, they're going to have a chance to be able to go and create
 and do some amazing things.
 So I want to make sure you guys aren't freezing during the season of fear, okay?
 We're about tomorrow.
 Manana, right now, get back to work.
 Focus on stuff you can control, things you can create, things you can do because the
 season will end.
 And I don't know if it's going to be two weeks from now, two months from now, two years
 from now, it does not matter, okay?
 It's going to end.
 And the people who have been preparing during the season, who have been planning the seeds
 right now with the ones who reparvest.
 So now it's time to plant seeds.
 So what that means, two things.
 Number one, if you haven't got a traffic seekers book yet, go and get it.
 This is the seeds you need to get to build a master traffic.
 Number two, this right here is Funnel Flix, okay?
 Now Funnel Flix is an amazing tool.
 I have licensed, I think there's 2,600 videos in there, okay?
 All of the courses I learned from as I was learning this game, I went to all those people
 and I was like, "Your courses were the best that I ever went through.
 Can I license them from you?"
 And I paid them a small fortune.
 I think over a million dollars so far in licensing fees.
 Because I wanted to be Netflix for entrepreneurs.
 So we entered the streaming wars.
 We launched Funnel Flix and it's live.
 And right now we have a really cool thing for this weekend.
 It's called Funnel Flix Premier Week.
 We go to funnelflix.com right now and you put your email address in there and you get
 these four videos.
 One, two, three, four.
 I think each date unlocks one.
 So you'll get this one immediately.
 The first one is Frank Hearn.
 If you're the Frank Hearnist, he's one of the OGs of internet marketing.
 We had him speak of Funnel Hiking Live.
 We didn't tell anybody he was coming.
 He was top secret.
 And then in the middle, he had this whole Funnel Flix presentation.
 We had him come down and bang on the thing and it opened up.
 And Frank came out and delivered a message.
 It was insanely good.
 And people went nuts.
 It was like stand-ovation screaming.
 It was as close to what a rock star would feel like in our world.
 If you can imagine that.
 Imagine your biggest rock star coming out and all the people are like, "Yeah, I'll flip
 it."
 And that's what happened.
 And we captured it for you and you can go watch that presentation right now.
 Well, not right now.
 Wait till this is over.
 Then watch it this weekend.
 And then if you like Frank stuff, I licensed every, I think almost like 13 or 14 Frank's
 courses.
 Everything's ever published.
 It's also in Funnel Flix now.
 So if you're a Funnel Flix member, you can geek out of Frank this weekend and get excited.
 It's all in there from like, anyway, all of the best stuffs in there, which is exciting.
 So Funnel Flix.com.
 So this is traffic seekers.com.
 Go get your book, get the audio books, go start listening, getting prepared there.
 And then over here is Funnel Flix.com as well.
 So that's the game plan.
 All right.
 You guys ready?
 Is everything the Magniano principle in place?
 You've taken all your stress, your fears, you're moving to tomorrow.
 We're about tomorrow.
 Today you're focusing on planning seats for your future.
 You guys cool with that?
 All right.
 If you're ready to start planning seats for future, let's go.
 So what am I going to do right now?
 Back to the traffic seekers book.
 This has been so much fun reading this with you guys.
 So traffic seekers book, having us pumped about getting this book.
 I know we've sold, I don't know, 10,000 the first day.
 I don't know how many we're praying now, but we're selling tons of these.
 So I know most of you guys have got it.
 If you don't have for some reason.
 Now is the time go to traffic seekers.com.
 Okay.
 So I'm going to repeat.
 So we've gone through a lot of stuff in the book together.
 If you've been watching these videos each day, the first day talked about the preface.
 How do you say that?
 How about there's a storm coming and right now we're living in the middle of storm.
 I wrote this like a year and a half ago.
 This part is crazy that now we're sitting in the eye of the storm.
 So there you go.
 Like I don't know how I could time this is any better.
 So introduction to storm coming.
 We talked about that.
 Then we talked about we had two days on secret number one, which was who is your dream customer.
 Okay.
 There's a lot of stuff in this chapter.
 The things I talked about with you guys are figuring out are your customers trying to
 move away from pain or towards pleasure understanding that.
 And we talked about the difference between the searcher and the scroller and the mindset
 shift and what they're doing and how we structure things differently based on who they are.
 That was secret.
 One, okay.
 And figured out who is our dream customer.
 Okay.
 Getting to understand them at a deep level.
 Then secret number two we talked about is now we know who those people are.
 They're actually hiding online.
 Where are they congregating?
 How can we find them?
 We talked about how basically our job then, if you look at this picture here, was all about
 finding where you know where in the world are people are where they congregating online.
 And then from there we go we got to figure out our hooks thrown there to grab them and
 pull them into our funnels, which is kind of cool.
 All right.
 And then today we're still in secret number two today.
 We're moving on to a concept called the dream 100.
 All right.
 Having as I've heard me talk about dream 100 before, I've been preaching this for quite a
 long time.
 Hopefully you guys have heard me talk about this more than once.
 Someone's asking for my camera out.
 I can't because I'm at home quarantined by myself.
 So I'm doing this by myself.
 I can't hold it backwards.
 I can get my kids to come home here, but then be like, anyway, be chaos.
 So, all right.
 So in here, after, so again, first step of traffic is knowing who they're getting a deep
 understanding of who does you want, who your customers are.
 Number two, where are they congregating?
 Where are they hanging out, right?
 And then number three is understanding.
 Okay, who are the people that are already congregating these people?
 Okay.
 A lot of times we think that we have to go and create traffic.
 In fact, one of my first mentors, I've had so many great mentors over the year.
 One of them was a guy named Steven Pierce.
 And I remember Steven Pierce saying something in an event.
 I was like, he said, people always think they have to create traffic.
 He's like, you don't have to create traffic traffic.
 Traffic's already there.
 You said to feel where it's at and then you tap into it.
 And I was like one of those big like, oh, I'm almost for me.
 So I was trying to create traffic, right?
 And so when I understood that, I was like, okay, I'm not going to create traffic.
 I got to find where they are and this comes back to what we talked about yesterday, which
 is like finding these pockets.
 Right?
 What are the blogs that my dream customers read?
 What are the Facebook groups are?
 And what are the influencers they follow?
 What keywords they search for on Google?
 What blogs they think it's a blog, what podcasts they listen to?
 Like, can I feel aware of these pockets of customers, right?
 So we got to, we got to, we got to understand that.
 And so that's, that's the first step.
 So then the second step in this process is like, well, who's already, who's already congregated
 these people?
 There's people that have been doing this game for a long time.
 They've already felt a lot longer than me, right?
 And they've already self congregated these people.
 So I just had to figure out where are these congregations at?
 Because if I can figure out those congregations or that, then I can tap into it, right?
 And so that's what we get this concept called the dream 100.
 Now I learned this originally from, from a guy named Chet Holmes.
 I had a chance to hang out Chet a bunch of times.
 He wrote the book, The Ultimate Cells Machine, which is an amazing book.
 Chet passed away a few years ago, but someone I've had ton of respect for had chance.
 Actually 10 years ago, Tony Robbins, I've been feeding.
 I was there, me and Chet both spoke with me.
 I got a lot.
 But in Chet's book, he wrote this concept called dream 100.
 What the dream 100 is, he talked about it.
 He worked for Charlie Munger, who is a Berkshire Hothead halfway.
 What's the name?
 Charlie Warren Buffett's business partner in one of his companies.
 And Chet was writing this magazine.
 I guess the time, I have the note, all the details of the book, but they're like the
 worst magazine in their industry had almost no advertisers.
 And they had a database of like 2,500 people.
 And they're trying to message all these people and get to get advertising, canceling, couldn't
 do it.
 So Chet came in, he's like, hey, this is too hard for us to go off for all these people.
 He's like, who are the people on the industry that buy the majority of the ads?
 Because we found that, hey, it's like 30 people.
 He's like, hey, maybe it's 100, I don't know.
 There's a group of people, a small group, right?
 To buy all the ads in our industry.
 So he said, he said, I'm marketing to all 2,500 or 25,000 people in there.
 He was just targeting for the ones that have the most amount of money.
 And so he built up a list and he started doing what he called pig-headed discipline, PhD,
 where he would start messaging.
 Every week, he'd send them something in the mail and then two weeks later, call them on
 the phone and send them something in the mail, call them on the phone.
 Send them something in the mail, call them on the phone, right?
 The decision makers who could move the needle for him.
 He said, after six months, I think it was six months, nothing happened.
 And he was like kind of frustrated, but he's got pig-headed disciplines to keep doing it
 and kept doing it.
 And within a year, within like seven months, he landed his first client.
 It was like, it was Xerox or something crazy.
 The who signed the contract and it was like the biggest advertisers they've ever had.
 And then the next month, they just landed on another one.
 And within a year or two years, again, all the actual details are in here.
 They landed like 30 of their Dream 100 and they went from the worst magazine in the industry
 to the top.
 And it was by figuring out who are the people that can drive the most and creating a marketing
 campaign directly to them.
 And it was interesting.
 And then Chet talked about he wrote a screenplay for a movie.
 And the same thing, he's like, I wrote a screenplay.
 I want it to turn to a movie or something, but I don't know how to do it.
 I'm not in Hollywood.
 So he's like, as we bought, I think it was like a time magazine or something.
 It was like Hollywood's top 100 influencers or something.
 And he was like, that's my Dream 100.
 So he took it.
 It was like directors, producers, writers, whatever.
 And he took it.
 He's like, OK, I'm going to dream 100 of these people.
 So he said a script to all 100 of these people.
 And then he called them on the phone.
 And he said a MacGiffen.
 And they called them.
 And eventually, I think it was Leanne Rhimes called them back, loved the script, got the
 deal, pitched it to things, sold it to Hollywood.
 And they ended making a play out of it.
 Anyway, I don't remember all the details, but that was the Dream 100.
 So I remember reading that in Chet's original book.
 And then I asked him about it.
 I'm like, there's something here, but I don't know what it is.
 Because I'm selling a book.
 I can't dream 100 every one of you.
 I can't even buy a copy of my free book because it's free at TrappersSecrets.com.
 I guess not efficient.
 It would cost me too much.
 But then I was like, wait a minute.
 There are people on my list or the people in my world who already have congregated my
 Dream 100.
 I told you yesterday, I got to figure out what are the blogs they're reading.
 So if I figure out, here's the blog they're reading.
 There's 100,000 readers of this blog who are my dream customers.
 Wait, who owns the blog?
 Who's in charge of that blog?
 What if I started marketing directly to that person, got to know them and send them gifts
 in them and whatever.
 And if they like it and they make a blog post about it, I might sell 50 or 100 or 1000 copies
 of my book.
 I think who my Dream 100, what podcast are they listening to?
 And then they wait.
 If someone owns a podcast and my dream customers are listening, what if I marketed to the person
 who owns a podcast?
 What if I got that person to say yes, and also they promote their podcast and I make
 a thousand sales overnight?
 And that was where the constant the Dream 100 was born for us.
 And so for the last decade of my life, that's what I've been doing.
 I've been figuring out who in fact yesterday people are like Russell, what do you do every
 day all day?
 Like I spent three hours yesterday, yesterday on my phone, which is right here, my Instagram
 folks are watching me live on the device I use.
 I spent three almost four hours yesterday contacting my Dream 100.
 That's it.
 Personal messages to all of them.
 Boom.
 Hey, this is Russell wants him to give.
 Hey, this is Russell.
 Hey, this is Russell.
 Hey, this is Russell.
 I'm not sure what I'm saying.
 Dream 100.
 But Russell, I thought you're trying to sometimes your book.
 Why aren't you doing Facebook ads?
 Like there's people doing Facebook ads, but I would rather get one person who who could
 spend $100,000 like paying June right now.
 You just probably seems ads for the book, right?
 Paying June is spending tons of money right now buying Facebook ads, promoting my book.
 So I can go and buy more Facebook ads myself, or I can I can build a relationship with paying
 June because of my dream 100 and then he promotes it and he spends a hundred thousands
 of our own pocket selling the book.
 Like that's a much better way to do it, right?
 And so for me, this is the phase that I'm going to my dream 100 and paying people to write
 blog posts and do podcast interviews and send emails to their list and all sorts of
 stuff.
 Okay.
 That's the magic of dream 100.
 So, anyway, I want you guys to get the book like I took me three days to read this.
 I can't spend all three days just reading the whole thing.
 But I want you guys to get it.
 So when you get the book on page 41, this is the little chart I made of the dream 100.
 It's probably going to be backwards or some of these cameras, but basically what I do
 is each each platform, I have Facebook, Instagram, podcasting, YouTube, excuse me, email list,
 blogging, Google, YouTube, Pinterest, right?
 So I put out the categories of each of the different industries here and then going down
 what I do is like, who who who on Facebook has already congregated my dream 100?
 Okay.
 And so for me, I was like, well, okay, Tony Robbins has got 3.2 million fans, Grant Cardone's
 got, I don't know, 2 million fans.
 We've got Princey A.
 It's got a billion fan, you know, whatever.
 And I start making list of who all the people who've already congregated my dream customers.
 Who are they?
 Where are they at?
 Okay.
 I go to Facebook and make a list as many as I can find.
 Okay.
 And then I might get them to go Instagram who are the influencers who've already congregated
 my dream 100 and I go to Instagram.
 So right now, they're writing out the names.
 Oh, this person, this person, this person.
 So listening at all their names, then I go to podcasts, okay?
 Who are the podcasters who've already congregated my dream 100?
 I show listening to all the names and the podcast people who are the YouTube channels
 that are already congregated my dream 100 who already have, you know, a million people,
 a million subscribers.
 I go spend the next 6 years trying to get a million subscribers so I can go to the person
 who already got a million subscribers.
 And if I can do a deal with him or her, how to make a video for me, boom, now I'm going
 to suddenly in front of a million people that fast, okay?
 You see how this works?
 Then who's got the email list in my industry?
 Who's the bloggers?
 Okay.
 I start making list of all these different things and that becomes my dream 100, okay?
 And so I'm starting traffic.
 Again, notice that this whole book, I haven't said a single word about Facebook ads yet,
 right?
 Everyone's like, "Go into the Facebook ads.
 I need to Google ads."
 Like, that comes eventually.
 That's like in section two in the middle.
 But there's all this foundational stuff that's so much easier to get traffic, okay?
 When Facebook shuts you down, what are you guys going to do?
 You're going to be freaking out.
 Like, "God, I know what to do."
 And I'll be like, obviously, call my dream 100.
 They already have an email list.
 They already got a blog.
 They got a podcast.
 I'll just see if I can do the podcast.
 Boom.
 And we do that with our dream 100.
 So, man, this stuff's so much fun.
 I could go for years about this.
 Let me see if I want to talk about anything else to stay on this or...
 Oh, I can't read you guys something.
 I read you a piece.
 You hear that?
 So, it's funny.
 How do you guys know Rachel Hollis?
 If you don't, like, okay, last year, her book was the number two selling book in the
 world.
 The only one that beat it was Michelle Obama's book, okay?
 I share a book called Girl Wash Your Face and then Girl Self-Apologizing's book number
 two.
 I never heard of her and then I went to this mastermind retreat and they had a list of
 all the different people.
 And one of them was a guy named Dave Hollis, who's Rachel's husband.
 And I didn't know who he was and I met him and I mess with my wife and I'm like, "Oh,
 I've met this cool guy named Dave Hollis."
 And she's like, "Dave Hollis, is that Rachel's husband?"
 I'm like, "I don't know who's Rachel."
 And she's like, "Rachel's like the biggest thing in the world."
 Anyway, it's so funny.
 And so, had a chance to meet Dave and then got to meet Rachel and really, really cool.
 But last year, we were in Puerto Rico at a mastermind event sitting around the room and
 everyone's talking about their things.
 And it's funny because in this room, there's like 20 people in half of them are New York
 times best sellers.
 Half of them have got like three or four or five New York times best selling books and
 it's kind of an intimidating room to be in, right?
 And we're all talking and then someone started asking a question about how do they sell
 books and everyone's given it their two cents.
 I'm just writing things a million miles a minute.
 And then Rachel starts talking and she says something and she's just like, "Boom, drop
 the mic."
 So I'll read to you.
 She said, "Since recently, I was in a mastermind event in Puerto Rico and I had a chance to
 spend time with Rachel Hollis, the author of the number one New York times best seller
 girl, watch your face."
 At the time, she was in the middle of launching her new book, Girl Stop Apologizing.
 As I was in the middle of writing this book, I was curious about how she had sold over
 a million copies of her books.
 I asked her for the secret to selling that many copies and she told me, "We asked ourselves
 this question.
 What are the tribes that my women are already in?
 What network marketing companies are they in?
 What Facebook groups?
 What Instagram channels?
 What hashtags are they following?"
 After we identified these things, we tried to figure out who are the tribe owners of these
 women.
 Who do we need to become friends with?
 Anyone who had over 200,000 followers, we would direct message them, tell them who we
 were and ask them if we could talk.
 We started messaging everyone.
 Our focus was to find the tribes and then figure out the best way to infiltrate them.
 I said, "The Dream 100, she didn't call it that, but it's exactly what she had done
 to quickly become one of the best selling authors of all time."
 It was crazy.
 He has no question.
 He has no question.
 He has question.
 Questions.
 So Tom Billy used one of the founders of Quest Bars.
 He was also this mastermind group.
 After this, I was researching how in the world did he build a sold for a billion dollars?
 How did he build that company?
 I remember watching it explode overnight and then he cashed out and I found an interview
 with him on the founder podcast.
 He tells the story.
 We had a very different approach that got a lot of people excited, not just about the
 product, but they felt good about the way we treated them.
 We went old school researching several hundred health and fitness influencers and sending
 them handwritten letters and free samples.
 This was all about showing and understanding of what others were trying to achieve and
 that Quest was interested in helping them connect with their audience.
 When people are building a community, they have a real sense of service to that community.
 We would send them free product and just say, "If you like it, tell your people.
 If you hate it, tell them that too."
 Not trying to steer people's comments to give us a pretty great recommendation.
 Not trying to steer people's comments to give us a pretty great recommendation.
 Some didn't like it and said so, but the vast majority loved it and we're grateful we
 had shown an understanding of who they were and what they were trying to do.
 They spread the word.
 Did you see what happened?
 Tom built a billion dollar brand off of what?
 The Dream 100.
 It wasn't Facebook ads.
 It wasn't Google ads.
 The Dream 100.
 Rachel Hollis became best selling author in the world off of what?
 The Dream 100.
 That's the concept.
 The chapter 2, you guys, understanding who's your dream customer?
 Where are they congregating?
 Who is in charge of the congregation?
 Who's the leader?
 Who's the person that you can infiltrate?
 Then you got to get to know those people.
 It's coming down to building relationships, getting to know them.
 How can I serve those people?
 I did a video on YouTube.
 In fact, yes, I'll go to YouTube.
 I go to YouTube type in Russell Brunson, Tony Robbins, Dream 100.
 There's a video.
 It's about 10 minutes long and me showing the decade-long journey I did to Dream 100,
 Tony Robbins.
 I got it, became friends with him, how he became business partners with him, how he
 got into the program, my stuff.
 It wasn't me just spamming, "Hey, buy my stuff," or promote me, Tony.
 It was like me for a year, excuse me, a decade, serving him, building it in relationship with
 him as my Dream 100 and getting in and infiltrating it.
 It's a very, very powerful, really, really real strategy.
 It's the key though.
 That's the next thing you guys, is that even if you don't have the book yet, you should
 get it.
 It's free.
 The only reason why you wouldn't get it is you must hate money or you hate traffic or
 one of those things.
 You cover $10 shipping and you can get it.
 Even if you don't get it for whatever reason, you still know the concept now and understanding
 that.
 What I would recommend doing, if I can find a page, when you get the books on page 41,
 but you don't need this book to do this, just go make a graphic like this and say, "Okay,
 who's already congregated in my Dream customers on Facebook and start making list those names?
 Who's already congregated in my Dream 100 on Instagram?
 Make a list of those names on podcasts, on YouTube, on email, on blogs, and find those
 people.
 Those are the existing congregations, right?
 When you do that, my goal would be to try to get 100 people, right?
 So 10 people on, you know, 10 or 20 people on Facebook, 20 people on Instagram, 20 people
 on podcasts, 20 people like, you 20 them, 20 people, all these other platforms, you
 have 100 people.
 There's your Dream 100.
 Now when you have that, that becomes the people you're marketing to, those 100 people,
 right?
 If I get one of those 100 people say, "Yes, it can blow up your business."
 I remember when I did this exercise with the .com seekers book, one of my Dream 100
 and my podcasting thing was JLD, John Lee Dumas, my entrepreneur, Fire.
 I never met, he's never met him yet, send a copy of the book, send a Dream 100 package,
 got to know him a little bit.
 And that's just me, like, I love your book, I'll never promote it.
 You get me on the podcast.
 I think the first day you sold like 500 copies of the .com seekers book, okay?
 And I came off of one Dream 100 package, right?
 So if I know like, "Here's 100 people, these are the people I'm marketing to, I'm serving,
 I'm getting to know them, I build a relationship, and I'm going to focus on putting in the time
 to get to know these people, it'll pay off in dividends."
 Okay?
 So that's the first step in the traffic seekers process is the Dream 100, getting to understand
 that.
 And we were launching ClickFunnels, it was interesting because I'm not a coder, I don't
 want any technical ability.
 So while my business partner Todd and my business partner at the time dealing while
 they were coding ClickFunnels, you probably want to know Russell, what did you do?
 Like, you're useless in the equation, like, "I know, I can't code."
 So what did I do?
 This is what I did.
 I sat there all night while they're coding and I'm messaging people, getting to know
 them, building relationships.
 I remember my Dream 100 by timing launch ClickFunnels was like our Dream 328 or something, I don't
 know how many, but it had grown because I built all these relationships and launched
 ClickFunnels and we grew it.
 And it's crazy now that, you know, ClickFunnels five and a half years ago started.
 Today we have over 100,000 active customers, like 30% of you guys logged in yesterday,
 which is crazy.
 So 30,000 plus people logged in yesterday to build a funnel.
 What's crazy is that the majority of those customers came off of the following of my Dream
 100, the original Dream 100 that I had set up five years ago.
 And I've been relentlessly getting to know them, building relationships, pursuing them,
 asking them to grow things, giving them to use ClickFunnels.
 I'm building free funnels for tons of them.
 I put in the hard work that Dream 100 and on the backside of that has been a company
 that does hundreds of millions of dollars a year.
 So anyway, I hope it helps getting the wheels you had spinning.
 That's just secret number two of the Dream 100.
 So all right, we're like five or six days in fish.
 You guys have gotten through the introduction.
 Secret one and secret two has been good so far.
 You learn good stuff.
 If you like this comment down below, I'll be like, "That was awesome."
 If you like, that was lame Russell.
 I don't need traffic.
 I hate traffic and money.
 I'll be like, "That was lame.
 I don't care.
 Let me know it either way."
 The more that you tell me, the better.
 I know how to do these and I can keep doing what you guys like.
 I'm enjoying it.
 Hopefully you are as well.
 Again, here's your call to action for you guys.
 If you don't have a copy of the book yet, we're in preorder right now.
 You can get it at trafficseekers.com.
 The books actually ship May 5th, but you can download the audio book tonight and listen
 to this weekend.
 Bins, listen.
 And so our giving these principles into your brain, the more you understand them, the
 better.
 Like you guys asked about this box set, this is all three of my books, new updated hardbound
 versions of the .com secrets, expert secrets, and traffic secrets, as well as this new work
 book called Unlock the Secrets as well.
 The only place to get this out is the upsell.
 So there you go.
 When you get a copy of the book, the first order form bump is the audio books.
 You say, "Yes, that."
 You get the audio book.
 And then if you want to get all the updated hardbound versions, that is the only way to
 get those is after you buy the book, we make an offer where you can get them all into
 the discount.
 That's the only way to get those.
 Again, the box that ships May 5th, but the audio books are there now.
 So you can start listening ASAP.
 That's number one.
 So we're going to download a Friday bot.
 If you go back traffic secrets.com, there's a link there.
 It says log in, click on log in, and you can log in to your members there.
 It's got all the bonuses, the videos, there's like five hours of videos there as well.
 There's so much cool stuff you get when you get the books are free.
 And over here, this weekend, as you guys are wondering what to do, go binge watch stuff
 on funnelflix.
 We have a premiere week for free.
 You can go and you can watch Frank Hern's presentation today for free.
 You say it unlocks free presentations to get you to fall in love with funnelflix.
 So we're now part of the streaming wars.
 ClickFunnels is taking on Disney Plus and Amazon.
 It's all there for you guys as well.
 One thing I'm going to end with, I talked about this at the very beginning, but those
 who logged in the late is the Magna Prinsible.
 I want to just restress us to the things that help you guys during this time of crisis.
 So right now everyone's stressing out, right?
 Because of all the economic turmoil.
 And so what I'm going to do is I want you to take that stress and I want you to stress
 about it Magna tomorrow.
 So take that and back tomorrow.
 We're about today.
 I'm focusing on planting seeds for my future.
 Okay.
 So planting seeds, planting seeds of like reading book, creating funnels, building stuff, making
 videos, publishing, whatever your seeds are, start planting those seeds ASAP.
 Okay.
 Because harvest is coming.
 But if you don't plant now, you're going to be screwed when the harvest comes.
 So start planting your seeds right now.
 Okay.
 And take all the stress of the coronavirus or whatever you stress about tomorrow.
 Magna, we'll worry about that.
 And then all of a sudden you don't need tomorrow, which is the planting of the seed.
 Like, I'll plant tomorrow.
 I'm going to study tomorrow.
 I'll build a funnel tomorrow.
 I'll make a video tomorrow.
 I'll publish tomorrow.
 It's time to stop and take that to today.
 Giving that forward and we're going to do it right now.
 That's good.
 That's the game planting, you guys.
 Appreciate you all.
 Thanks for hanging out.
 This has been a fun week so far.
 Hopefully you're enjoying the time with your family and your loved ones.
 Make sure to prepare yourself, you guys.
 We don't know what's going to happen.
 But the best way thing you can be possibly doing right now is planting seeds for tomorrow.
 The harvest will come.
 If you have not planted during the season of planting, you're going to be in trouble.
 So now is the time.
 Appreciate you guys.
 Thanks for everything.
 Go to your book, travesties.com, then funnelflix.com, go out some fun and have a great weekend.
 Thanks everybody.
 We'll talk to you guys all again soon.
 Bye everybody.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between
 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people who
 are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Okay?
 Now the phone number you need to text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello and then what's going to happen is it will add you
 to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone
 and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free
 swag, giving me away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get it for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
