 Hey everyone, this is Russell. Welcome to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope yesterday you enjoyed part one of three from my presentation at dream 100con
 Today, I want to give you part two
 So we're gonna drive in today into the next section of the presentation
 Hope you're taking notes and trying to piece together how this process and how this concept can work inside of your company
 That said we're gonna cube the intro and then jump right into day to part number two of my presentation dream 100con
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Okay, and one thing I want to explain
 as you're doing this is
 These are little landing pages right here
 The landing page or the funnel for each of these
 Is gonna be a little bit different, right?
 Because you're because they're different parts in the journey in fact
 Dana this is the reason why your stuff works really really good on dream 100 and sucks on Facebook ads
 It's not because the offer doesn't work. It's because
 Right now your offer works really good like at this phase right here, right?
 So many traffic boom dream 100
 So you have a list of people trying to get traffic you dream 100s like it's really really good
 But if he's gonna come back here to somebody who they don't even know they need traffic
 They just got the first website set up and they're trying to figure out how to sell something like that person
 He's dream 100 more than anybody, but if he says dream 100 like I don't know what he's even talking about
 Okay, as you move further out of the person that they don't understand your language patterns
 So you have to rephrase how you do it. So every single every single step back in this in this timeline my landing page
 My funnel has different different ways that I explain things. Okay, if you read the doc on secrets book
 Talk about there's basically how many is my little drawn here?
 There's like hot traffic
 There's warm traffic and there's cold traffic, right?
 So the hot traffic like they know this thing there
 They're like those people like the super easy just have like push them over the edge and they're in right like
 I know about traffic over everything dream 100 sweet. That's more traffic. I'm in that's hot traffic
 And so that's how you speak to people people down here that are warm you have to speak to them differently
 They don't even know what they don't know. They don't know they don't have so to speak to them differently
 And people that are really cold you speak to them differently. Okay, Jean Schwartz. How many I study the old school copywriters?
 If not they're the best like all the good stuff from the old school
 So Jean Schwartz old dead dude who's a genius?
 He said he's talking about this concept right here
 He said if your prospect is aware of your product and realizes they can satisfy his desire
 Your headline starts with the product. Okay, so if he knows about your product like I was at fun like he live
 I was on stage. I heard about dream 100 Dana was there or I was on a webinar and my buddy
 Induced me to Dana on this webinar and talked about this thing like they know what the product is
 It's really simple. It's just like hey
 You just buy my product and buy a thing buy click funnels, right?
 If someone knows about click funnels, I can just pitch the click funnels, right?
 Okay, now move back if they're not aware of your product only the desire then desire itself your headline starts with the desire
 So if I'm here, so here I'm selling the product
 Here I'm selling the desire
 Right, so it's like I want to grow my company. That's my desire
 So if I'm speaking something in my world without desire my headline my hook my pitch is gonna knock knock you like you need a funnel
 Because then I don't know what you're talking about but I'm like I got a way to double your business in like the next 30 days
 That's their desire like well, what is it then I can introduce them to like this is really weird thing called a funnel
 Okay, who wants to get 10 times more traffic to your website without buying a single Facebook ad right?
 That's the desire they have now you can transition them into dream 100, okay, and then you come back here to the cold prospects
 If he's not aware of what he really seeks is only concerned with the general problem your headline starts with the problem and crystallizes into a specific needs
 here's a problem
 the problem is like I
 I
 Need somebody to give me money. Okay. That's the traffic comes in whatever
 So this is kind of this is kind of looking at now
 One more example as you're going here like with with hot traffic people that are close to the to the thing if I walk up
 I came if I came to you guys that I figured out a new funnel
 It's fun. It was amazing. I can plug it into any business and Latin extra zero to your bottom line
 How many guys want that funnel right now?
 Boom everyone's in right because you guys are all here in the where in the awareness spectrum you understand where it's at
 Okay
 So for me and for you guys as a business owner first thing you want to do
 This is the biggest problem I have I'll explain this and people like cool and they start over here you don't do that
 Okay, and in the my how many of my inner circle members are in here?
 I tell you guys this all the time right like the first thing you do is ignore everything and grab the pile of cash
 It's right there. Just grab it take it and then run with it
 That's the first step right don't be like I'll get this in a minute
 Let me step over it really quick and let me try to figure out how to get these cold people like no grab the pile of cash first
 Like that's step number one. Okay, so that's the first thing
 And so do that until it until the market runs out and like it's it's done
 And most of your guys businesses you can get to multiple millions of dollars a year only grabbing the warm traffic
 So focus there right find dream 100 partners who their their their list their customers their platform
 Understand what the product is and then you have to push them over it's easier to sell
 It's more fun and you get them any fast as you start growing and scaling then you have to move this way on the spectrum
 Okay, so next are warm people. Okay, so for example, I could go to
 Anissa Holmes is in our minor circle. She's a dentist dental guru from Jamaica, right?
 So she's got a bunch of dentists and what a dentist they've desired to grow their practice
 They have no idea what a funnel is at all. Okay, so I can go and create a special landing page for Anissa
 And for the dentist and then here talk to him like hey
 How many dentists want to actually grow your company?
 They're like, oh, we all want to grow and then this it can be like this is the secret
 I don't tell me people out this but there's this really weird thing that this guy named Russell
 Came up with it's called a funnel and I'm using my practice and they've been amazing
 We've grown this huge thing and then all the dentists are like desiring this funnel then they come in
 I can explain it to him and then we can move them towards me and they'll buy funnels like crazy
 Okay, now the third phase of this now is cold and the litmus test figure out if you're if your offer will sell the cold traffic
 Is picture how many I've went to the mall of America like next door here?
 The thing is huge, right?
 So imagine this you go there during lunchtime you go to the food court and there's like 8,000 people running around you get a chair
 You step on top of that chair in the middle of food court. You stem said hey everybody and they'll stop looking like this is the deal
 I got this really cool funnel you can plug into any of your businesses
 They'll give you an extra zero at the end of it. How many you guys want it?
 And when the food court's like what is he talking about?
 He's selling funnel cakes like these funnel cakes. I think he did that sounds awesome, right?
 They're not gonna make any sense. So if I speak my language patterns to the cold markets like that's gonna completely crash and burn
 But if I stand on the chair, I say how many of you want a free money-making website?
 Everyone's like oh and they're freaking out, right? I give them come over here. They cool
 Here's your free money-making websites called a funnel like what was the funnel and then all of a sudden
 I can start moving them up the same warm them up moving from cold to warm to hot okay
 Two of our biggest affiliates right now all they do is they target cold traffic and they're doing this
 They're on there. They're on the same screaming top of top of lungs
 How do you give you free money-making websites free money-making websites and the cold world is standing up and they're going crazy because of it
 Okay, so that's that's what's happening outside of it
 But do you notice as I go further and further back?
 My messaging has to change the landing page changes the funnel changes everything's changing as I'm going this direction
 So initially you're just gonna go right here then the other side of this after someone's coming they bought funnels
 Then I start thinking like what are all the other things someone's gonna buy so they bought funnels
 They may buy traffic and they buy graphic design they may buy
 All the different things that you need after you got you've got a funnel right so start looking that side
 Let me make sure I got my doodle right here
 Like I will pop it up here. Here's the finish one so the other side
 I'm looking at these are potential dream 100 partners and things like that this right here
 As someone's come through this world that they're not already using my software my platform my product my service
 They don't do them an opportunity switch trying to get these people to come backwards and come to me right
 So if you've read the expert secrets book we talked about their three core markets Steven Larson calls in the three core desires
 I think is really cool. There's health there's wealth and there's relationships right and you look from there
 Every one of your products or services fall into one of these one of these three right if you break down one more thing
 Then there's a sub market typically just call your sub market
 And then from there there's all these different niches that are coming off here, right?
 What's typically happening on this side of the value ladder is somebody boom they're in my world
 They're making money online. They're using funnels. Maybe they're using some crappy funnel software like every other product out there on planet earth, right?
 So I'm looking at that so they're in my sub market
 They're using I don't know the names there in the say it's 10 minute funnels or something like that right?
 They're using my product so my job then is to have to opportunity switch those people back into my thing right or maybe they're in our world
 But they're selling stuff on Amazon so I can even am so I make the other channel funnels are but there's something stuff on Amazon
 So maybe they're like they're right here
 So if I do a dream 100 with somebody who this is their customer base at this point in the timeline
 They're making it my Amazon my way I present it's gonna be differently like hey Amazon's awesome
 But I'm gonna show you an opportunity switch instead of doing this one right here
 It switch you to this other opportunity right here, okay?
 So my joint ventures my dream 100 all the things are coming from switching them back into my opportunity as opposed to just
 Try to pitch them on all my solution, okay?
 So this is I want to kind of help you guys think about this. This is your customer's journey
 I don't think I haven't heard to me will talk about this and very few people think about this
 But for you guys I would be spending time doing this okay sitting down like here's my customer
 All right, what what am I selling? What are they buying before they come to?
 What are the things are buying after me? What is like all those kind of things that gives you a good landscape of where?
 Where do you fit in the ecosystem for this person for their life?
 Okay, the better you understand your customer the easier this whole game begins this whole game becomes
 For me whenever I'm thinking about my dream customer that person in the middle if you've heard my story before when I was
 12 years old I started ordering junk mail like crazy, right?
 And I was obsessed with it
 I get all the work at home junk mail to come in every single day
 I get like a stack of 20 to 30 letters and I come from school as like a seventh grader
 My parents would hand me in my stack of junk mail
 I take it in I start reading it and so for me whenever I'm trying to like figure out what my dream customers would want I picture little
 12-year-old Russell my parents called me rusty back then
 So I'm picturing rusty sitting on his bed reading this junk mail and I'd rip it open
 I read the headline and sometimes like I throw away and they're open next one like oh
 Whoa?
 Oh my gosh
 And if it got me the point I was like I have to have this I go and I beg my parents borrow the credit card
 Like that's how I knew this is a good offer right and so for me
 I'm thinking about myself 12-year-old Russell seeing the bed like with this
 Thing that I'm offering them would this get them to want to go beg their parents for their credit card?
 That's my test
 Okay, the reason why I'm having a boss something from you in the past
 Okay, it's because it passed that test because I sat there would 12-year-old Russell buy this and if I'm like yeah
 Then we don't sell it if I'm like yeah, I would totally go beg my parents for credit card. That's the test
 That's what I get them in okay, so become obsessed with your dream customer more you understand them
 We're you understand where they're coming from where they're going with their goals are what they're trying to get away from where they're trying to go to
 The better you understand this about your customer
 The better you're gonna be able to serve them be able to buy stuff or sell stuff to them and also you're gonna be able to be able to better
 Understand where in the dream 100 they fit okay, if I'm looking at this I'm say okay. Who's my dream 100?
 All right, I'm gonna start here. This is the big pile cash
 Who are the closest partners I have where their customers are easy again?
 I figured out so usually my first dream 100 goes from here right?
 What's what's the stuff they have right before they need me stuff right after they need me those are gonna be my the easiest
 Easiest ones to sell then after I saturate that then I go to the next level
 Okay, what are the next two or three levels here?
 Things are coming before me so I'm moving more to warm and what's the next things here this stretch?
 I start moving out and I I tweak my dream 100 campaigns to focus on that and it keeps going out from there now
 Most of you guys luckily in most your businesses you can make a couple million dollars a year just doing these two here
 Okay, but if you want to get to ten million dollars
 You've got to come out to about here and right now
 We're we'll pass a hundred million dollars this year and right now
 We are a continual focus of like going further and further and further out
 Okay, cuz eventually run out of customers you've saturated everything
 How many guys see like 40 to 50 ads of me a day every single day?
 I can't show you that many more ads you guys like I'm trying but like it runs out
 So eventually if you keep going further and further out
 So I just want to kind of point paint that pictures you understand like long-term if you want to keep scaling
 That's what it's about it's getting better at language patterns
 This way this way getting better at teaching to the warm into the cold, okay, but don't
 Stop or don't don't skip that get the big problem money first before you shift to the next one and move out from there
 Make sense?
 All right, sweet
 Okay, all right, so now that you've got this this vision of like who is
 Who is my my dream customer? Then the next question we ask ourselves is who has my dream customer?
 Okay, and this is where in my mind the dream 100 picks up who has my dream customer, okay?
 All right, so the first the first phase and day to talk about this yesterday
 The first phase in this is I need to first off build outlets. How many of you have built a list of your dream 100?
 How many is haven't yet
 What are you doing here? All right?
 This is like your first thing on the plane ride home. You should be doing this, okay?
 You need to actually build your list means sit down with a piece of paper and write this right out your list, okay?
 And some of you guys have like well, how do I find my list?
 How do I gotta how do I know who my dream 100 partners are I get that all the time?
 I just don't know how to find it or figure it out like who like how do I find these people and
 If you have to ask that question, I mean you're not obsessed enough about this guy right here or girl
 Okay, when you become obsessed with your dream customer, you put yourself in a spot, right?
 I for me when I when I'm thinking about things I'm like, okay, if I was my dream customer
 I went to Google what I'd be searching for and how would I say it?
 I'd be searching for this phrase and this phrase I start searching right and I start searching this will start popping up all
 These options start popping up both sides of it, right? It's like go to pages. I subscribe the email list. I go to the podcast
 I subscribe like I'm becoming like insane. I need to get a really good
 Vision of the ecosystem that already exists. Okay, everyone your markets is already an ecosystem that exists
 Don't think you're coming in inventing something new. There is an existing ecosystem, okay?
 If you read my fourth dream 100 book, do you have a dream 100 book here?
 Does anybody have a book? Okay
 This is this is key some you guys thought I was saying. Oh, yeah, this this is
 Russell uses for traffic, but it's more than that like listen to what I said in the forward here
 Okay, as a CEO and co-founder the fastest going blah blah blah blah
 It's a difficult narrow down one thing is really propel this to where we are more than anything else
 But it's not it's a dream 100 the dream 100 is the foundation for our tire company and click phones
 We don't just leverage dream 100 approach for traffic. We use it for everything
 Okay, do you guys catch up and you're at the forum? We use it for everything, okay?
 Who do we how do we pick with markets? We want to go into?
 The dream 100 we use dream 100 to research different markets niches and air down the one that suits us best
 How do we side our blue ocean strategy? We use dream 100 to find the red oceans and carve out our place in the market?
 We how to create our offers and figure out what's going we're gonna sell we use dream 100 the model offers that are working in our
 Marketplace which takes the headaches out of hassle out of blind guessing everything we've done is come off to mashing dream 100
 And specifically knowing how to complement as opposed to compete that is how you build your foundation
 Okay, from there you just get traffic again tapping and dream 100 and the rest is history, okay?
 I want you to understand like when we're doing this
 And I'm deciding what market to go into or how do I destroy this market?
 How do I conquer the whole thing my first goals? I understand ecosystem
 I had a guy who came on our coaching program
 He's like I'm gonna be a real estate guru and he's all excited and starts telling me I'm like cool
 I'm like well who are all the people in your dream 100?
 He's like I don't know I'm like how about Robert Kiyosaki's like who's that I'm like are you kidding me? You don't know
 I'm like how about this guy this guy and I'm off like 30 different real estate gurus hitting her to any of them
 My dude you're gonna get screwed you're gonna get destroyed. He's all excited
 I'm teach people how to flip houses you heard this before Mike dude
 That's what everybody like what how in the world are like how do I know more about your market than you like you get to like I
 Vision like this is this like huge ecosystem. I'm stepping into and I need to come in there
 But okay that guy's teaching that they're teaching this 30 and I understand like here's everything is happening
 So I have a really clear picture and I'm like where
 Where how am I different? Where do I carve out my space in this ecosystem?
 How do I create my very own category that I can control that I can own?
 There's really good book. I have my entire team reading right now. It's called playing bigger. Have you guys read this book?
 Like two people I've recommended to it's called playing bigger and the whole concept of the book is about
 Creating your own category, right?
 Which is very similar we talked about with like new opportunity and things like that, but
 If you look at any market
 There's always like one category king in every single market which sucks up like 90% of the business and then every else fights over the last 10%
 Right look at us in the sales funnel world, right?
 Okay, we've sucked up 90% of all the business with all these little me twos who are trying to compete for the last 10%
 But we own the we own the market we are the category king
 Okay, look at Apple they are the category king of multiple things that are categorically of phones and a category king of
 Music that category thing of all these things right they suck up 90% of the business and everyone fights over the scraps
 Okay for you if you read that book that teaches you about category design how to design your categories
 You can be the person okay, so I walk into ecosystem
 I'll look around like which category hasn't taken yet if I come in and be like oh cool
 They're flipping house. I'm dead - then you're just gonna be - and the best case scenario
 There's already a category king you're fighting over the scraps of everybody else
 So I'm walking this ecosystem trying to find all the different players all the people everything about dream customers
 Seeing right now every single day in their news feeds want to get a very good perspective
 And I can figure out how am I gonna create my business? This is the whole foundation comes from that
 Okay, so if you don't know yet, it's time to like start doing the research already coming intimate with your market
 Okay, because if you don't know what all the different messages are bombarding him your servant trying to serve right now
 It's gonna be really really difficult for you to compete in that world
 Okay, but for me, I'm in there. I'm like I know everybody's talking about all the time
 Okay, that's the key
 So first thing is like understanding the ecosystem and then the second step the day to talk about is like starting to dig
 You well before your thirsty, okay?
 You got to go in there and start figuring out start building relationships start sending packages or sending gifts and go to events meet people
 Like in your market you need to know them calling them on the phone
 Buying all their products subscribe their podcast and listening to them. Okay, I listen to I don't know conservatively
 On the low end of our day some days three or four hours a day of podcast
 You're like Russell like what are you trying to learn in the podcast like you try to pick up next marketing thing?
 I'm like no, okay. I know all the people in my ecosystem. I'm listening to it all of them are saying so I can have my my finger on the
 Pulse so I know what's happening
 I know who's talking about what what's happening where they're going what the ideas are and so I can make sure that I
 I can create and continue to dominate my category and then I'm sitting there thinking okay well
 JLD's talking about this and and over a mix is the Andrew Warner's talking about this and I look at all these different people
 I might cool now that I now that I know where I fit the ecosystem
 I see what everybody else is doing now. It's easy to be like oh
 Mean JLD could do cool things you go on to run fire
 We'll feel like do a funnel thing with his people and I now is this really a compliment between us
 I'm not competing with him, but I can compliment what we're doing any wrestlers in the room a
 Couple wrestlers case so in wrestling just you guys don't if you don't never wrestle before in wrestling when we come you know
 Those who don't see it don't know wrestling is probably weird watching it, right?
 But I come out and I shake someone's hand initially and we start a match and we're head-to-head, right?
 So we're like we're competing against each other now the person who wins the wrestling match is not the person who just go head-to-head the best
 Right wrestling is all about angles
 I knew when we're out there like hand fighting and doing all sorts of stuff the goal what I'm trying to do
 Try to get someone to step so I can angle on them and then I can attack them right?
 So I get them to step it opens up a little hole and then boom I shoot and I take them down
 Okay, I'm finding my angle. It's the same thing in this dream 100 stuff. I'm not going head-to-head with people
 I'm looking at everything building my own category and saying cool now this category
 I'm the thing that I control that I own I can partner with everybody on this now
 Everybody fits in somehow because I've designed it the right way initially now all these people in the ecosystem become partners
 We can compete or we can complement each other as opposed to going head-to-head and competing
 Okay, so figuring out this thing so again
 It's coming back to like figuring it out consuming everybody's think stuff reading the blog post listening to the things getting their emails like
 Watching what's happening becoming intimate with your market and then at that point
 That point we start approaching people you can figure exactly how how what you do fits in with what they're doing
 Okay, we may or may not be working on a really cool software product
 Based around this whole concept and what's really cool in this thing is you literally plug in your whole dream 100
 And then it has like a Facebook news feed of what all your dream 100 is doing
 So in the future when this is live you'll be log in and you'll see everything
 Here's oh so I'm supposed to podcast the blog post you and you'll see like a whole news feed everyone your dream 100
 Everything you're doing at all given times
 You just you always have your fingers on the pulse of your market. Okay, but I can't tell you how important that is is
 Understanding those things. Okay. All right, so dig it well before your thirsty. That's the first step
 And like Dana said that's you start building relationships serving people. How can you actually help these people?
 Not with the intention of them doing something but ahead of time doing stuff really nice form
 Okay, when I first met Tony Robbins the very first time how many I saw when I saw Tony Robbins started licking my chops like oh my gosh
 People are listening to the greatest thing in the world, right?
 Everyone does and guess what happens everyone comes in Tony's world
 They meet him for like five seconds and they pitch him on the first thing that they this comes out of their mind, right?
 What happens to all those people Tony just disappeared they come off the thing. So what I do instead I met Tony
 I was like oh
 This guy is amazing. I freaked out a little bit and then and I was like, okay
 How can I help get Tony's message out? I know it's most important him and for the next decade of my life 10 years 10 years of my life
 I'm back trying to figure out how to serve Tony. I spoke as events for free. I've covered my own flights my hotels
 I did help new products
 I did multiple consultations on the phone with his team members who were stuck at this and that try to help them and coach them
 For an entire decade I helped and I served never asked for anything once ever
 Just did it and then this happened 10 years later
 Then I hired can come on our stage. I wrote a huge check twice come our stages a bunch of stuff like that
 And then when my book came out I was like hey Tony. I wrote another book. I'm so excited
 I was like is there any way you could do an interview with me on
 your on your on your Facebook page and he was like
 Yes, really? Okay, did the interview and we got 3.2 million people to watch the interview sold thousands and thousands of books
 But I didn't just come up to 20 day one
 right I was building the relationship and
 So many good things came to that relation Tony introduced me to like 10 other people and just 10 other people and like if you come with
 Like a serving attitude just like Dan had said yesterday if you come with that serving attitude
 It'll make your it'll make you like one of the cool people in the marketplace to get passed around but to everybody
 So you come in here like pitching people from day number one nobody passes you around like oh that person is pitching
 Like that guy's annoying that person like be aware of them all the time
 Right if you come in and just serve and give and do that kind of stuff then I'm like oh man
 You should meet so and so and so and I start plugging you into my network and instantly you infiltrate the entire dream 100
 And again if you've created your business in the spot where you're in category key now
 It's just like what's the logical connections?
 We can all work together in this thing and boom everything grows up blows up really fast. Okay, so dig a real preferred thirsty
 All right now. I've been doing this whole process right, but mapping out my dream 100. It's a laser
 Yeah, all right. There's laser that you can't barely see okay
 So I list out my dream 100 and I write out all the different names of the people right now
 They have the names of all the people and I'm plugging into their stuff. I'm listening to them
 I'm figuring out what they're doing now my goal is to figure out of all these people who are the people that I can buy my way in
 And who are the people I can work my way in?
 Okay, so the two different things how do I buy my way and how do I work my way in you see my next images will explains this
 It might be
 yeah
 Okay, so I come over here and let's say up my dream 100 on there. It's got a whole bunch of amazing people. Let's say there's
 There's Tony Robbins. There is
 John Lee Dumas. There's Andrew Warner. There's
 Richard Branson like all my different people here, right?
 And so I go through and listen I'm listening to Andrew Warner's podcast
 He's the guy that runs makes sure he's on listen his podcast my cool. All right, so he interviews entrepreneurs
 So that's cool. I mean I potentially could work my way and I could get on his show do an interview and like get him to spread the message
 But he also has ads so I could buy my way in as well. I could buy ads on a show, right?
 I made this something else. I'm like, oh man
 They they they have a show and they don't they don't interview people, but they do sell ads on it, right?
 Maybe I see a Facebook live or I'm looking at their email list
 I'm looking at all different communication channels and I'm categorizing so okay
 What are the people that I think I could work my way in to get them to do it for free?
 And who are the people who I could probably not gonna work my way and but I could buy my way in right like for Tony Robbins
 They know it took me the decade to get Tony Robbins ever promote me during the interim guess what I did I
 Went to Tony I targeted every Tony Robbins found my Facebook on YouTube on Twitter and Instagram and we were running ads today
 And it's tired. I've been buying my way into his network buying ads to his people for the last five or six years
 Right so just because Tony's is not gonna say yes to me or to most of us initially
 Because of the way the networks to set up I can still buy ads in front of those things right?
 So I'm always looking can I buy my way and kind of my work my way in and the goal of both of those things is to get them
 Into to become traffic that I own
 Okay, I know what Dane is talking about dream 100
 His focus point is on working working your way in right getting on the shows doing the JV
 Having them send email to your list those kind of things that's amazing that stuff
 It takes more effort more time
 But it's but it's free right those stuff cost more money. It's kind of like how many guys have more more time than money
 Here's that more money than time
 Who has more time than money
 Who has more money than time?
 Okay, so like where do I focus that first Russell if you have more time than money
 Focus on working your way in try to get on the shows do those things get them the email I build a relationship
 You have more time if you have more money a lot of times easier to buy your way in okay
 I'm gonna have to have a decade to try to like court Tony Robbins before you're gonna like drive traffic
 It's a lot of work, right? But you go tonight and go start ready ads all of us following okay
 So it comes down to that so if you don't have money in you're getting started
 Okay, focus on working your way and how do I get it?
 Like what are the what are the people my dream 100 they have a platform that can come into that can leverage you people to join my
 Platform that'd be my focal point right if it's like I'm busy
 I have a bunch of things like I just want to focus on like the other way
 Then just do the traffic control and buy your way and all things and ideally you're gonna be doing both
 See
 It's funny this is the first time I taught this and there's all these things they're like I know I'm teaching
 I'm gonna talk about this later, but I need it for context for now. So I'm just gonna make sure I don't screw this up
 Okay, yeah, I'll see I'll keep going from there
 Okay any questions about this part at all yet
 Okay, so each steps kind of layering on top of each other so we're finding our dream 100
 We're figuring out who we can buy our way in who we can work our way in with a goal again and transform everything to our own platform
 And building our own platform. Okay. All right, so that's how we start creating our dream customers
 To go back to the very beginning we have three types of traffic
 Figuring our dream customers journey who has our dream customers and how do we get those dream customers from these other platforms and
 Move them on to our platform get them on our list have them listening to our podcast have them
 Well, whatever the platform is you're trying to build we're trying to use the dream 100 to get their customers into
 It was just like Danny did right here with the goat feed the yesterday
 You know the empty one
 It's like all about like dumping a little bit in for every single person still builds your platform and bigger your platform gets the bigger
 Platformers you can leverage and keep scrolling like that
 Okay
 All right, so next phase here now. I want to start shifting so you have to understand distribution
 So
 Distribution is this game. This is how it works last night in the hotel room. I was watching Shark Tank. How many of us
 So watch Shark Tank
 Cool
 It's interesting if you watch Shark Tank if you look at how they all do their deals
 Like someone brings a deal to them and all the sharks if you notice this in their heads
 They they don't say it out loud
 But you listen to their questions and which deals they pick and they don't pick this is all they're focusing on each of the sharks
 Has a distribution channel that they understand right?
 Laura's really good at QVC Damon's really good at retail right
 Cubans get it pretty much anyone because everything's cool and he's plugs into whatever he wants right
 But everyone's got like a channel that they're really good at distribution channel
 So the deal comes in and it's like a clothing line and all the other sharks like I'm out
 I'm out I'm out and Damon's like I'm in because he knows the distribution channel he grabs distribution channel
 He's plugs it in and boom the the retail takes off right
 Lori she's like amazing deals come by and she's like god this one we're gonna QVC is out comes in
 She's like oh I have a distribution channel she takes the deal plugs in and boom explodes overnight
 Okay, so distribution is the key that's why we're trying to build on platform your own platform is your own distribution channel
 So it's valuable thing Stephen Larson said yesterday like the most valuable thing in your business is your customer
 That's your distribution channel. Okay, that's the only thing when all said and done
 It's only the matters if you look at all the companies that the big tech companies to get bought and sold
 It's all based on the distribution channel, right?
 Like I remember I first got started the first time I ever saw a company it bought for over a billion dollars was when eBay bought Skype
 It was like I don't know three or four billion dollars
 I was like what and I was thinking like I'm like do they buy like Skyping you have a business model at time
 They weren't making any money and my eBay was like the biggest company back in the day
 You remember back when eBay was like the most amazing thing and not all day long years trying to like snipe auctions all day
 It was the company right miren remembers there was like sniper software like
 5,000 people all bid on one thing and then the software just like bite the last second and it was
 It was really fun, huh?
 And then they ruined their business and now it's not boring, but eBay bought Skype and I was like they had the best tech people on planet Earth
 They could have like they could have closed Skype in about a week
 But they didn't do that. Why do they do why they spend billions of dollars instead because Skype had
 The distribution channel they had the list
 Okay, why did why did Zuckerberg want to buy snapchat?
 Because the snapchat had the distribution channel at time. Why did he buy Instagram did the distribution channel?
 Like you look at all the big acquisitions. It's not about the technology
 Technology is easy to clone into beat because the distribution channel like that's the magic right every business
 If you look at the actual value what they evaluate things on it's the distribution channel to the list
 So you're understanding that everything we're doing is like who has distribution channels?
 Those are my dream 100 partners, right now
 I talked about the phone lacking lights. Some of you guys may remember me talking about this
 Gary Vaynerchuk said something in a little clip that was super cool
 He said he said if you look at
 You look at TV in 1965. It's the same thing that our phones are today. You guys remember me talking about this who were there?
 Okay in 1965 there were only like three channels. There was ABC CBS and NBC
 And it's funny as I was talking to Tony Robbins the first time I met him was
 Over ten years ago now was right after his company kind of like collapsed and he was like trying to figure out the next step
 That's we met all the internet marketing nerds and we kind of helped him with some stuff
 But what was interesting is I was talking to him about it. He said look he's like when I got started
 There were three channels. He's like if you flip to any channel guess who's on every single commercial his big huge giant selling his stuff
 He's like it was easy to distribution channel was three things
 He's like we just bought all the ads every single channel and I was I became Tony Robbins
 He said now what happened is distribution forgot fragmented cable came out also
 There's like not three channels
 There's like 300 channels and I can't buy them on all of them. There's all these niche channels
 I I'd go over on ESPN and doesn't convert for some reason over here
 It's a good like and I ran out of money because I can't keep up with this whole distribution thing, right?
 It was really really confusing
 And so that's why that's why they were struggling at the time
 It's what Gary said when he said that the phone is like TV 1965 like for me
 It was just this huge aha like this is the key so you look at this back when TV first came out the distribution was they got TVs
 In the people's homes, right?
 Then there was the channels ABC CMS NBC and then on each channel were the different shows
 Okay, so that's we understand this is like these things kind of match we're doing today
 So today this is the distribution channel right our phones. I don't think I would always believe that
 But two years ago in ClickFunnels
 I mean we just see a lot of traffic and prior to two years ago the majority it was like
 60 to 70% of all traffic our network came from desktop and now it's flocked
 Okay, the majority of the traffic coming across all 65,000 customer accounts
 I mean millions and millions and millions of visitors a day and the majority is like 60 60 70% all coming through your phones
 Okay, so this is the future. It's gonna continue to grow. It's not going down
 We were in Kenya hanging out of these kids and none of them have computers because they all have
 This right I guarantee you as our kids get older not gonna have computers like it just this is the thing right and so you look at this
 This is the phone 1965 there are a lot of different apps
 But look at the apps that it's again the category king right the apps that take up like 90% of all the bandwidth on the phone are a couple things
 right it's
 It's the Facebook app. It's the messenger app. It's Instagram
 It's YouTube. It's Pinterest for some people like there's only five or six apps and that's it
 And so for us you can understand like everyone's got the phones right the first
 It's like the TVs has been done the apps are there
 They already have billions of people on the core apps that are there
 So the job that we have right now just like back here is for us to become happy days or the tonight show or whatever like
 We need to build it be building our own show on these platforms
 Okay, and that's the big aha that's understands distribution
 So these things are people's hands the channels are already there
 We just have to create our own shows and build the distributions easier today than it's ever been because everyone's got the phone
 And there's nothing like back in the day you got to get you know
 NBC to decide your shows awesome today any of us can start to show you just click a button and boom your platform is the live
 Okay, so understanding the distribution right there
 Hey guys, thanks so much for listening to day number two
 Session number two, I should say hopefully you're enjoying this so far
 Alright tomorrow. I will release the last of the three part series here for my presentation dream 100 con
 Yes, this is the foundation for all traffic. I hope you are getting excited by it
 And hopefully you can pump for the traffic seekers book that'll be coming out later next year
 I don't want to say my only goal and this is to cause massive FOMO
 But I'm not gonna lie
 I want to cause massive FOMO for the book because I'm working my butt off on it
 And so I figure if I got to work this hard, then you need to desire the book as much as possible
 So just remember this is scratching the surface a little be happening inside the traffic secrets
 But hope you're enjoying it and we'll see you guys tomorrow
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called calm secrets
 And you get your free copy at calm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
