 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson and welcome to a late night marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up everyone so I'm heading home from the office it is like 1235 at night
 This is like our second or third late night in a row
 But I want to say something if you've been listening
 I think we're running episode 462 or 463 of this podcast you probably remember many
 many many all-nighters where we were at the office till 4 or 5 in the morning like
 5 or 6 days in a row trying to launch click funnels and build the Empire and grow everything and we don't do that very often anymore
 But Todd and Ryan are in town so last night's we well we pulled all-nighters, but they haven't been real our nighters
 We've been last night. We were last night. We were there till 2 because I was 1230
 So it's pretty good, but I think in our old age we're getting older and we're like, you know what?
 We should go to bed
 So when I was hard course we used to be which is good
 So for those of you guys who are hustling entrepreneurs who are at the beginning of your journey feel free to keep doing it
 Cuz I did it for a long time, but I think
 Maybe I'm maturing. I don't know I told my kids that I will never mature and that I'm not like the other
 Boring adults, so I don't want to like completely mature
 But it's kind of nice to go to bed by by one. So anyway, take that for what it's worth
 I have no idea
 But I want to share something cool to you guys today that I learned from mr. Frank Kern
 So Frank is still one of my favorite people to study from
 And he's got a new podcast that came out called your next million dollars
 so if you are looking for a new cool podcast Frank is a man and
 In the last one I was listening to is really cool
 Somebody was interviewing I can't remember exactly
 I don't know if I'm caught who is interviewing, but in the interview you asked something about like information
 He says information dead like is this really information age and and like you know
 Are people still buying information products and things like that and Frank as he usually does said something brilliant and I was like dang
 It was awesome. So he said he said that he feels like
 Information is dead right there's so much information out there. It was the information age for for first
 Last however many years right the problem right now is not people can't find information
 Instead of information everywhere. There's so much information. So like he said that today like the future is not like information
 Like here's like a 20 module course. I'm a teacher everything about blah blah blah blah. He said the future is
 Insights like what are your insights like hey?
 This is the this is the tweak I found the nugget the the insight that you missed
 He said that we're shifting from information age to an insight age the people that are getting
 Paid the most money or not necessarily once you give information because information is free
 It's the ones who have the insights it's the ones who were able to come in and be like no like here's the thing
 You need to shift here's the tweak which is like coaching consulting as well as why?
 I think a lot of times the stuff that we're doing you know click funnels
 We were talking about this other day like if you look at the marketplace pre click funnels and before everything
 There were a lot of people all out there selling and there's still people telling I'm sorry
 I should not say that there used to be a lot of people that that
 I don't know the people used to do product launches every week these huge ones are selling two thousand our courses over and over and over again
 And like it's been interesting watching as that is kind of faded it's still happening, but it's not to the to the
 You know the scale that it was before I think it's because you know
 Especially our comeback we were able to give away such amazing information for free because we make our money in
 The tools right like the software is where we make our money and then I go in circles about insights
 It's not about like here's you know all except learn site. Here's the insights the tweaks for you
 It's the accountability. It's like these other pieces right to comic club X coaching is about
 accountability and about the the systems and things like that and so
 You know when we were pitching at the final I can live and we launched the new to comic club X coaching program
 And while we gave people information like tons of information
 It's part of it that wasn't the pitch because you know they have information there's all the information
 I'm publishing for the last few or five years like it's everywhere right
 460 something episodes of the podcast a million YouTube like the the contents there
 But it's like the systems the insight like those are things we could be more and more valuable
 And so start thinking about that for you guys as you're as you're publishing like how do you make it where you can?
 you can give away your information because
 The other piece of it becomes more more valuable to you know for me the software
 Maybe it's the systems. Maybe it's the specific insights that you have
 Anyway, I thought it was really cool and Frank said that I was like that's really cool
 The information agent ending and it's the age of insights and that's really where the values at so anyway
 I thought it was really really cool. I was here with you guys. Hey everyone real quick
 I just got done recording this podcast and I was headed in the house
 And I went back to find Frank's podcast listen to it again because I just wanted to make sure that I kind of said it correctly and
 As he does sometimes he said way better than me
 So I want to kind of restate one piece so that I don't miss it because I think it's the key to the insight you guys need
 so what Frank said is that
 the information ages is is
 Ending there's all this information most of us are overwhelmed with information
 And what he said was the insights are big because what people want is they don't want here's more information
 They want what's the one or the two things you need me to act upon to get the result I need and so that's the insight
 And so it's shifting from you know
 Here's my 80-hour course to boom do this and this you get that result
 It's the insight so anyway, I just wanted to kind of reemphasize that
 Here in this podcast to make sure you guys didn't miss out on that message because that was the key and like I said
 The way he said it was so cool. I just had to come back and restate it
 So thank you Frank you're amazing and I will jump you guys back into the rest of the podcast. I am home now
 I'm in the garage. I'm gonna go to bed. So appreciate you guys have an amazing day go build something awesome
 Working on some fun things and it's just it's it's exciting. I'm excited to show you guys over the next
 12 months between now and next year's fun liking live all the cool stuff coming out working on
 the
 Bigger rollout of action XMD which is so cool. We have all new on door onboarding
 Dashboards and UI that's going live in the Apple next few months you will see and then really cool feature stuff coming out
 Our new CRM that I was showed up today on Instagram if you're following me Instagram. You saw that it's really really cool
 our new membership sites are
 Something cool thing so
 Hope you guys are here. Let's over delivering. We're keep making software better and better and better for you guys
 But just today and having Todd and Ryan here who you guys know Todd and Ryan Todd is my co-founder
 Ryan's one of our partners there the smart dudes them and their teams who build this amazing software and
 It's just fun seeing all the cool stuff. They're doing and we've basically since last December
 We've more than double the size of our development team, which is cool means we're moving faster on things when we gain more stability
 They were able tonight to double the size of our databases
 Which means we could double as many members we have and we have any kind of load issues
 Which is awesome. They're doing one more thing probably next week or two little double again. So we're gonna forex our capacity
 Which is amazing for all of our ClickFunnels members means things are move faster and like anyway
 Just so be cool things and I cannot wait so make sure that you are listening in and make sure you're subscribing
 And connecting to all the cool stuff we're doing because we are literally giving you guys all the info for free for the most part
 You know my free push shipping books are free that there's the information is there
 And now we got the tools and the inside so on the backside to help you guys and get you to where you need to be so
 That said I'm going to bed. I will see you guys later. Have a great night and we'll talk soon
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at
 www.funnelhacker.tv
 [MUSIC]
