 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson sitting here in the Pauline Hill Library having so much fun and inspiration and ideas and
 Just wanted to share some of my thoughts with you about the evolution of your frameworks your ideas and I hope you enjoy
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Okay, so like you guys know
 I'm working my fourth book. This one's taking me longer than all the other ones. Well, I don't know if that's completely true
 technically.com secrets took me a decade to like learn the stuff and then write it and then rewrote it five years later so
 and expert secrets the same thing it was like almost 10 years of
 Trial there to learn the stuff and I guess traffic secrets in way
 So as it takes me about a decade to like earn a book and then you know 18 months or so to write it
 this one the success book something I've been
 It's interesting because I've been on this journey for most of my life, right? Like I would say
 like actively pursuing success started for me when I was in
 High school excuse me not high school. I've been ninth grade
 So junior high when I started wrestling was first time I like had a thing that I wanted to become good at
 I still remember I was watching this um
 This video from Tom and Terry Brands
 Who are you know two of the best wrestlers in the world and the intro of the video first has Tom Brans
 He comes and says my name is Tom Brans
 My goal is simple
 I want to be the greatest wrestler in the whole world and then his twin brother comes out
 My name is Terry Brands Michael simple
 I want to become the greatest wrestler in the whole world and so I remember hearing that I was like
 Oh, my name is Russell Brunson Michael simple
 I want to become the greatest wrestler in the whole world, right?
 And then boom it began and I wanted and so I I fought and spent a decade
 Pursuing that goal and I didn't become the best in the world. I did take second in the nation though in high school
 Which is pretty awesome. I was ranked in the top 10 in college never placed in college though and
 Yeah, I pursued it and enjoyed it and I became somewhat different along the way
 You know, I didn't reach my ultimate goals
 But that was the first time I was pursuing success and I wished I would have understood
 The principles of success better. I was just kind of doing my best and I had success inside of that
 But man, can you imagine if I would have understood this stuff that I've understood nowadays like you'd have been so much more fun
 Anyway, I digress so
 You know I'm spending all that time and then in business having success and again my goal is never to like learn how to be successful
 my goal is like
 You know, I had I don't know I never looked at the lens of like let me master success and then apply it to business or apply it to wrestling
 It was just I was trying to be successful and so I would bump into things and have some but I didn't have something
 I was like like a framework or pattern that was engineering to to get success. Does that make sense?
 anyway
 So like this like I'm saying all that say that this book is took me I guess technically you know 40 years of bumping into things
 but then now it's been a two two and a half year process of like
 actively figuring out like what is the actual
 Perfect framework for success and that's a that's a big. That's a big
 A big nut to crack, you know, I mean like
 Especially just how many books have been written on success? How many seminars and events and motivation and you know when when I wrote dot-com secrets
 I was the only person was writing about funnels. It wasn't like this was a thing yet, you know
 Like there people talking about it people did some trainings and stuff on it
 But I was the first to write a book about it
 And so it's easier. Well now it's like I literally have been buying every success book known to man and there are thousands of them
 I think conservatively I probably bought six or excuse me
 I think conservatively last six months I've heard about three to four thousand books on success
 And I wish I could say I've read them all but you know
 I want them all so I can look at them to see what their titles are and their differences and their outlines and their
 Tables of contents and then going deep into the ones that fascinate me. So
 Anyway, and with that said I've built this little
 Working station where I'm writing this book
 I'm in a you know, small office with no windows
 That is just wrapped in old books from the greatest minds of our time and so I'm sitting here amongst them
 As I'm studying and looking through their books and reading and preparing and anyway, I'm really enjoying it
 But so I'm sitting here. Okay, so I digress
 The reason why I'm telling you this I'm sitting in the Napoleon Hill in a room right now and I'm looking at this
 all the Napoleon Hill books through time and
 It's interesting because I talked I did a podcast on for a while ago
 But I want to go a little bit deeper into it. So I talked about how I have a Napoleon Hill
 Basically has one framework and all his books kind of fit in that right?
 So like the laws of success there are 16 laws of success he wrote and then inside of these laws of success
 16 laws success. He's used those same 16 laws in almost all these books
 Are taught through that framework of these 16 laws, right? So for example, why the success is this big huge book series
 But then thinking rich is a is one book that basically
 Takes you through those
 16 laws of success through the lens of
 How to think and grow rich, right? But if I look at the books here, he also has
 a book called let's see
 Hold on. I'm trying to find one. That's a good example for you guys here from the bookshelf
 so
 Probably have 200 Napoleon Hill books here
 Because this stuff's in the public means so many people have written and rewritten them and stuff like that
 But okay, so here's one called
 How to sell through life and other one calls succeed and grow rich through persuasion one called had raise your own salary
 And one called the master key to riches. So these are all books he wrote
 but they're all
 different
 Different ways to teach the same 16 principles that makes sense
 So thinking grow rich was like here's the pulling hill of 16 laws of success
 But in a book that's going to help you to think and grow rich this one right here is how to raise your own salary
 It's Napoleon Hill 16 laws of success teaching you how to raise your own salary
 Okay, so it's just fascinating. He's just taking the same framework and plugged it into these different books
 But I want to talk about today
 It's not so much that as much as the evolution of his frameworks and this is what's fascinating to me
 So as I start digging and finding all these things
 I'm trying to find every first edition of everything he's ever published. So I've found like gold mines
 It was just cool things. I can't wait
 Some days some things I can reprint and show you guys some things I won't be able to but
 Um, man, there's so much cool stuff here, but one of the earliest things I found from Napoleon hill
 Um
 Is this little booklet? It's like a little pamphlet. It's called the magic ladder to success
 And if you look at it, it is let me see. I'm open up right now
 It says the pamphlets only how many pages is this thing? It's tiny
 It's uh 30 36 pages in the back of it. There's a pitch for his magazine. So it's not even maybe 35 pages
 Um, and it's the magic ladder success and was he's teaching this and this is when uh, uh,
 uh, main 1921
 Uh, he's going through this process and the magic ladder success there's these rungs and there are 16 rungs
 On this ladder and you have to step up these 16 rungs to have success
 Ooh, so this is before he wrote the law of success
 It was this he called it the called the magic ladder to success and as you flip through the pages here
 Um rung number one a definite aim in life, which if you look at law of success
 Uh, you know, law of number one is very similar. So like back then he had this rung number two self confidence rung number three
 Is initiative rung number. Oh the pages ripping us rung number four is imagination against the super old pamphlet
 But anyway, so go through him and in the first time he ever taught these way back in the day
 He called them the magic the magic ladder success
 Which is really interesting and then fast forward to use later is when he wrote the actual law of success
 So he oh, excuse me. Actually before that. Okay, hold on. I have another book I found this one. This one is this one is so cool
 I can't believe I found this one
 I feel like i'm a treasure hunter going through finding these first additional books you guys like it is
 It's so much fun. So this one
 What year is this one published in? So this is a book that
 I'm actually going to have a copyright date inside of here. Maybe it wasn't copyrighted, which is definitely possible
 Um
 I'm not finding copyright date here. At least not quickly. It's probably here somewhere
 Um, so the first one is a pamphlet called the magic ladder success. Now. This is a book called the magic ladder success and it's probably
 Let me scroll to back here. It's a 200 pages. So it's a 200 page book
 And it's taking the same the same, you know 16 rungs of success
 They talked about the magic ladder to this pamphlet and then it became the magic ladder success book, right?
 And so again, it's the evolution of these ideas. I'm sharing this to you guys because
 All of you guys have a framework right some framework for success that you're doing
 and
 I think you're all and I know I've struggled this too. So i'm not the only one but like
 We have this framework and then we're waiting for it to become perfect
 Basically, this the point of the first one was a you know a 20 page booklet teaching me 16 ladders or 16 runs of success
 And later wrote the book the the magic ladder success
 Which is a 200 page book if you're teaching the the principles then you fast forward over here the side library then
 After years later when it came out with the the laws of success, which is uh, um
 Well, this is interesting the very first edition which I have the first edition book here
 Um
 It was published in 19 28
 And it is one two three four five six seven eight. It's eight books right here
 But I actually found this is the most expensive book I bought to date. I found
 uh, laws of success books he published or he wrote three years before
 The actual first edition and he only published a handful of them and I have one of the original copies that he actually signed which is so cool
 That one was actually 16 books. There's one book for each law of success, which is really cool
 Um, and then yeah, they became law of success eight books and then I probably two dozen different versions of laws of success
 One of the eight books one were there one huge fat book anyway
 So there's those ones but then so that was 19 20 then fast forward 1945
 Um, he went back through he kept kept evolving this these these laws right these principles these things
 They came out of the book said it was 16 law because it was a book set called mental dynamite
 And it was 16 books that he wrote
 Um, and he wrote it 1945 and what's interesting is that 1945 was in the middle of I think world war two and there was a paper
 Paper and ink shortage. So he only printed a few dozen copies of this and never got mass produced and I happen to have a copy of it
 It's really cool, but it's 16 booklets called mental dynamite series and 16 books and teaching once again the 16 laws
 But it's interesting because you look at this like it's this evolution of these principles like like after going through this and writing
 As far as back as I can tell the first thing I have is the magic ladder to success
 This is the first time you put these things down to like here are the 16 principles
 Then he kept evolving and evolving and evolving and evolving and kept growing and evolving until he came
 boom from that to was a success to think and grow rich to
 regional salary to
 Mental dynamite and so on and so forth, right?
 But he kept doubling down on these
 These 16 laws the 16 principles his framework for success
 And so I just want to come back to
 To you right like this whole business. I'm curious on physical products info products if you're trying to whatever it is like
 You're trying to get some result for a customer. Hey, like you have some
 You have something that you're taking some process you're taking something on
 I'd call the framework you can call whatever
 But you have that thing, right?
 So what is the step-by-step process like the pulling heel went and spent 20 years figuring out the 16 laws that he or 16 runs of the ladder
 Whatever you want to call it and then he spent the next
 You know 50 years of his life just teaching that over and over in different ways and different structures different formats different things
 In fact the guy that I bought most of these old books from he made me laugh
 He's like if you've noticed it seems like the pulling he was just plagiarizing himself over and over again
 It's like well, it's because he knows these are the principles that work, right?
 And so he's evolving him and tweaking him and he's got better stories and different stories and different ways to apply and faster ways to apply it and so on and so forth
 um
 So my question for you
 That I really want you to kind of think about is is like first off. What is your framework?
 What is your like do you have that yet if not like you had to find it like for my customers
 This is this is the result. I'm getting them
 Right and then these are the steps or the laws or the runs of the ladder or whatever
 It's like the step-by-step process that you go through consistently every single time to get someone's success
 Right and then after you have that framework
 You know obviously you can you can evolve that you could add it maybe it's six steps and eventually come eight steps
 Like you can do those things, but I think it's fascinating that he literally
 1921 came up with 16
 16 runs of the ladder and then it's been 16 through you know next 50 years he didn't change that it become like oh
 Here's the 17th wronger. Here's the you know 22nd law of success
 Like it was it always was those things but then what he tried to do was how do I make this simpler and simpler and simpler?
 Right the laws of success is amazing
 But so big huge book set no one was reading it so he's like how do I make this simpler?
 So he made a smaller version which was thinking grow rich and boom that one blew up and sold. I don't even know how many copies
 A lot
 In fact, I have a whole bunch of the old and original ads
 For thinking grow rich sitting here right in front of me in fact do I hear the headline?
 Here's the headline for the original thinking one of the original thinking rich ads
 Said would you give two dollars to be rich for the moment you joyously hold thinking grow rich in your hands this powerful new friend starts
 Starts in to help you that you that you read about that read these words
 Will be a new and different you one hour after reading thinking grow rich
 Yes strange things may happen in an hour strange things happy things that will affect your whole life things that have happened to countless ambitious people
 Who read this amazing book thinking grow rich has changed thousands of natural born doubters that in
 Natural born doubters to doers
 They were set a flame with new ambition. They found the easy road to self advancement in this big book
 They found that just one thing would bring them what they wanted no tiresome study no dull lessons
 No long drawn out theories no difficult things to understand clear and easy for you the pulling hill makes everything in this great book
 So simple and easy to understand every reader of this book is dumbfounded at a simplicity
 and gratifying clearness that
 first five minutes
 Clearness the first five minutes he reads he quickly realizes that he is
 His found exactly he's been looking for and nothing the world is as marvelous as that feeling of happy discovery the great relief the fine new grateful filling
 Of surging enthusiasm and fresh glowing ambition that fills you from head to foot you grow warm all over with
 A keen yearning to try it once the vital secrets he lays bare
 You know by instinct that they fit you and are for you and that you can make them do
 Do for you many things which you never thought were possible is this amazing? This is the original app for thinking grow rich
 I'm being so excited right now
 Each and every page surprises you and each new page
 You turn gives new impetus to those feelings you and you're uh, you are impatient to begin surging within you
 Is a thing of fire you can't understand but you will later you will realize that you are done with vane starts towards success you are
 Through the mental tussles that bothered you you are done with all the doubts of the
 Of your despair and have left them all behind for you have this thing that is strong and sure and has miraculous power and will be right
 For you from today on opening the new past to a bigger life
 What I would do if I had a million dollars man need a million dollars for plan he had to help thousands of young men succeed in life for years
 He could not raise it a flat a fresh idea came to his mind within 36 hours
 He had the million dollars read the methods he used and think and grow rich
 um
 Ah, it's so cool. Um, happy results are secured with heart no hard labor. No sacrifice. No silly cold. No great education
 This is your guarantee. Uh, anyway, ah so cool
 Um, anyway, that's just one. I have like five or six of the of the old ads here
 Here's another headline when riches begin to come they come so quickly in such abundance that one wonders
 Where have they been hiding during all those lean years?
 um
 Anyway, ah
 so cool. So
 um
 anyway, I just want to show us with you guys because
 like this is the
 This is the key for all of you, right?
 Creating a framework and then adding it and then making it better and better and better like the
 Success starts coming with simplicity, right?
 So we get our talking about earlier like you went from
 16 books to eight books to one book that could get people's hands and made the process simpler for me
 Right if I think about the funnel stuff I spent a decade deck and half studying and mastering funnels
 Right and then I I was trying to teach people how to do it was just complex how to make it simpler simpler
 And then the dot-com seekers book made it simpler
 Right and then click funnel software made the practical application of these principles simpler like it's all about simplicity
 How to make it easier and easier and easier and easier? That's the that's the game that we
 That we that we play
 And so that's for for you guys what I want you to start thinking about too
 It's like what's the framework that gets somebody from a to z it gets them the result that you promise them inside your business
 And then you create that make your first version make your your um, you know the magic ladder success booklet
 That's 30 pages this goes through the things right and then put it out there make it a lead magnet
 Now somebody's that then so I can't i'm gonna be with
 200 page book and then i'm gonna try and a book series and a set and a thing and
 Obviously most of you probably aren't writing books maybe it's a webinar then a podcast then a
 Then a masterclass then a weekend seminar, you know virtual seminar and then you're putting it out there
 And then how do it kind of make software make the simpler?
 I create supplements to make this simpler like what are all the things I can create to make this simpler and simpler and simpler
 like those are the things
 That you got to be thinking through to really win this game, right?
 With clickfalls to wonder that's what that's was the initial kind of impetus the whole thing is like
 How do we create something to make this simpler and boom inside of that question
 Came clickfalls to point out all the things that have come with it. So anyway, I'm excited. I feel
 I don't know this room is magic. Hopefully somebody have a chance to come visit it
 Think we should like a golden ticket like i'll put a golden ticket inside one of the books
 Then by gs come hang out with me for a day inside of the pooling your room. You can write and study and read
 Would that be fun? Anyway, hope you guys are amazing. Thanks so much for listening
 I appreciate you guys go and create your frameworks create your system simplify and make it easier for people and when you do that
 It will change their life and through the process to probably change your life as well
 Thanks so much guys and we'll talk to you soon
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free
 Just for saying maybe you can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bs letter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your millbox each and every month one from dan kenny and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bs letter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
