 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast
 Today I'm on my kids segue driving around a circle in from a yard and it's a beautiful day
 And I keep going on circles thinking about life and things I thought I got an idea
 I'm gonna share with everybody today. So I hope you don't mind, but with that said I'm gonna be talking to you
 as about a pattern to help create better content better courses better products and
 Or I'll make you a little more prolific and make people stick around to listen to you over and over and over and over again
 So it's a cute theme song. I'll be right back
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out of the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so my wife and I had this amazing experience last week to go out to Stacy and Paul's
 Relationship breakthrough retreat in New Jersey and which is fun because I served my mission
 For my church in New Jersey, so I lived there for two years and it's the first time I've really been back since then
 So it's kind of fun to go to Jersey
 But even more fun to go to invent as an attendee so I sat there and they're
 Stacey and Paul if you know them they spoke of funnel hacking live
 say she's on stage twice there and
 Just someone who we met two years ago
 She dormators circle and spend so much fun watching their growth and and I love what they teach what they do
 And I wanted to go to help strengthen my relationship with my wife with my kids with my
 employees with people around me and
 It was it was amazing. So
 Anyway, that was awesome and as I was watching them teach and it was fun because I know how I teach
 Everyone's got different teaching styles by watching some of the similarities and
 Something's they do same with me something's they're different
 But one thing that was like the core foundation that they do that I do that I think most great teachers do is that
 They each have their own framework, right?
 So Stacy and Paul have their framework for how to you know what demand relationship is how to break that and their framework
 masculine and feminine and their framework for all these different things and you know their their course is teaching these different frameworks
 They kind of created and which is very similar to to me, you know
 Like you look at the dot-com seekers book. It's a whole bunch of different frameworks, right?
 Every framework for me has a doodle because I'm a doodle it. This was like here's the framework
 Here's the doodle and teach off the doodle
 You know and all the books that I've written that way the most of the trainings
 I do that way and the courses and like all the stuff is usually always based off of a framework and
 For any of you guys who are creating info products or courses or teaching or anything
 I'm curious like do you have your own framework if not like that's there's the big sign like you have to have a framework
 Like what's your unique proprietary way you teach something so framework can be anything
 You know Stacey Paul is usually like the five-step system to blah and mine's always like here's the doodle
 Let me explain it and I explain all the different pieces the doodle till you have this visual picture
 And what's nice when you have a framework people can then take that framework and it locks into their brain
 Right?
 So for me if you look at any of the doodles in my books if you've read the books and I've explained the framework you look at that
 And you're like oh, yeah, that's the framework. That's the secret formula. There's the perfect webinar. There's the
 You know the heroes two journeys like all the different frameworks I teach all for me are doodles
 They don't have to be doodles, but that's why I do my frameworks, right? And so a framework is there
 I remember man two years ago. I said it's a little this little mastermind meeting and Brendan Bouchard was there and
 And Brendan was teaching his seven-day launch strategy and he was drawn up on the the whiteboard as he's explaining it
 And he goes come he's come back to it and remember he said something he said he said you're the framework your frameworks are saviour like you
 You have your framework you're teaching if you get stuck you look back to framework like oh, yeah
 This is where I left off this where I left off and it's interesting like for me. I can I can teach
 You know a two-minute YouTube video on any of my frameworks by call for each of two-hour event or two-day seminar
 I need my frameworks right. It's just how much detail do I go into it?
 Like here's the doodle I'm I can explain it real quick boom you got it or let me explain step one one
 Then let me tell you a story and let me go deeper into the story
 And then let me show you examples and like you know and so you can go deeper and deeper and deeper into a framework
 So it's nice to be a framework is someone's like hey, you got a 10-minute presentation
 Can you do it? I'm like yes, like hey, I need to do a two-day event on this can you do it?
 Yes, the answer to yes both times because I just take the framework and then how deep you elaborate is the only difference I
 learned that actually when I was
 Remember
 What was it always before I went on my mission to New Jersey?
 I had a teacher and he talked about like how do you actually give a talk in church like in in my church in the church
 Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints the members there's no pastor that gets paid to speak right so every single week
 They pick someone else in the congregation like hey, you're teaching this week on faith or on Christ or on whatever right?
 So you got to get up there
 So he ties like you just make big same things that you make a framework and the framework is is like
 Here's the four things I'm gonna talk about the six things with eight things or whatever right and then you just teach it and if you've got
 Three minutes then you teach really fast if you've got 30 minutes and use fill in stories and examples and but the framework stays the same right?
 And so the concept of framework is huge. That's the first step here is having this framework, right?
 So the next step
 That I would look after you as I was I was doodling this out
 The other day I was like how do I teach my frameworks and I'm probably doing right now
 It's one of the things that you do it for so long it becomes
 Becomes just the habit of how you speak and so
 If I was trying to like sit down like reverse engineer like how do I do it like how do I you know a lot of this stuff didn't come from
 Me from reading from a book right it came from like me standing on stage for the last 15 years teaching concepts over and over and over again
 And the first few times nobody understanding and then getting a little bit better and a little better and like just the tweaks and changes that happen
 You keep getting better becoming a teacher
 He was funny that reminds me of I'm not sure if he has no Rachel Hollis, but she's she's awesome
 She's like the the biggest social
 Influencer in the world right now, you know her books are selling like crazy and she's awesome
 I just had to hang out with them in Puerto Rico a little while ago
 But what's cool is that I went and watched their they've documentary called things called built for more and
 In the documentary she showed her you know the ten years before she became Rachel Hollis speaking
 She's from a stage with no cards nervously looking at no cards
 She's talking like you know nice here on stage and she's up there with 75,000 women jumping and screaming and you know
 She's in her zone, but it started with her nervously looking at no cards, right?
 For me the same thing was me awkwardly in my shirt and tie and my glasses my shaved head
 Standing in front of people trying to get them to understand the concepts explain them over and over and over and figure out new ways to tell
 So new ways to do it new ways to do it until a point I am right now
 And I'm not saying I'm at the end all be all I'm sure will continue evolving grow as I keep playing this game and keep having fun teaching and educating and coaching
 But as I was sitting down this weekend during Stacey Paul's event
 I was trying to think through like how do I how do I teach concepts?
 And I remember writing and I wrote down these things I said okay, you know first step is the framework
 I here's here's the framework of what we're gonna be teaching right?
 I got just explained and the second step is is I tell a story
 What's the story and the story is?
 How did I discover this piece of the framework? That's the initial story, okay?
 what I see people do
 Mistake they didn't say a lot of times like except from what is this and they start teaching it right?
 The problem is if you just teach a concept people like oh cool, and they don't
 They don't
 They don't take the they don't value the concept enough yet, right?
 And so for you you got to take a long journey like let me tell you what I had to go through to get this nugget for you
 Right and now we tell the story of how I got there right?
 In fact just this podcast you know I'm trying to do this consciously, but how did I leave this podcast?
 I told you as a story in my mission and understanding frameworks and how like I went through the whole journey of like how I
 understood this concept of framework right by me taking on this journey of what I had to go through the pains
 I had to go through discover and learn this key then also you're like oh my gosh now
 I value the thing that will come next right and so if you don't if you don't
 Tell the origin story of how you learn the thing
 People just don't value it like oh yeah, of course
 That's the thing you need a framework Russell like that makes sense like no you like you missed it like you heard me
 Say it but you missed it because I didn't I didn't build up the value in the journey
 I had to go to discover this before I gave it to you right so I tell the story build with value and now I'm like boom
 Here's this this nugget right and the nugget is a framework and nugget is whatever whenever your thing is the first step of your
 framework right okay, then the next phase then you move into
 The strategy okay, so the strategy the easy way remember this is this is the what so what is it?
 Okay, let me tell you the what I explained the what and I have tried to paint this picture like this is what it is right?
 I paint this beautiful picture and you're like oh cool. That is that is awesome right so you have the strategy the what you understand
 Okay, this is what it is
 Then the set then the third step now is you shift from from strategy to the what to this is now the tactical
 How do you do it? Okay, let's use the concept of here's this thing called a framework
 Now you're saying oh cool. I need a framework now to tell you how now walk you through the tactical step and rule
 Which is holy crap? This is so weird literally I'm doing right now. I'm walking through a four-step tactical process
 So I teach the strategy. Okay, so I tell that this is so cool. It's like a dream inside of a dream
 I wasn't planning on doing this, but this is so cool to tell the story of the pain you went through discover the thing
 Then you sure the what it is the strategy right then you go into the how which is the tactical step-by-step thing which we're doing right now
 Right, so number three is you're telling the the tactical
 Step-by-steps. This is how you do it right? It's a interesting strategy and tactics strategy is what is it?
 Tacicles, how do you do it? Okay, so I'm telling you only how to do it and
 then the third and the last step then is
 Then to show examples to create belief. So now I explained now like let me show you guys some examples. So for example Stacy and Paul
 You know with their with their framework. They have this really cool framework that
 It's called the man relationship, which is the core foundation their entire company
 So when they they got up they start talking about marriage and relationships and the problem
 What's what's wrong and they go through this whole concept called demand relationship and the problems they shared that everyone's like?
 Oh my gosh, that's what I'm doing
 I have this problem with demand relationship and they get it right they have that they have that aha
 And then from there they share the rest of their framework, which is like this is the opposite of man relationship
 It's how we this is how we heal it
 And so that's the four-step strategy of how you do it
 So from one you tell the origin story about how you discovered the thing number two you share the what the strategy of what it is
 Number three you show the tactical how to of how it is and number four then you show examples of other people doing this in their life
 So they can see it like oh my gosh
 This is so cool and it makes sense it solidifies in their mind
 They've seen other people doing it and now they believe it and then they can actually believe what they can do it themselves
 It's funny if you look at the one funnel way challenge, you know a lot of
 the
 It's crazy on a macro in a micro look at the macro level like the week number one is belief week
 Right, which is me telling the stories how I discovered this stuff
 We were to then is is the next week we talked about the how and then they go through you go into the what which is the actual building the funnel
 And week number four anyway, it's crazy
 So from it from a macro like the four weeks of the one funnel way challenge goes through this process
 Then the micro each the train is the same way right like initially I I do the first training
 Which we always tell people is a strategy
 But really it's me telling the story about how I figure out the strategy and I show the strategy and then Julie story and comes in with videos showing the tactical
 Here's how to do step one step two step three and then Steven comes in to break the beliefs share the story show the examples and push people to next level and so
 Dang it works
 So anyway, I don't get some excited. I'm gonna hold actually a whole like training
 It's a big of a whole book see so now I can think that that four step framework
 I just gave you guys that can become a book because of course they become a training people webinar could be a
 Some a YouTube video could become all those all those things one kind of interesting side note
 If you look at how the perfect webinar how that framework is scripted
 When you do a webinar and you're selling somebody
 You tell the origin stories, right? It's a simple one you tell the strategy of what they need to do
 But you skip the third step, which is here's how you do it whenever you're selling is typically the third step where
 I remember when I was doing the
 the first perfect webinar event teaching that concept to everybody and a bunch of people in the room were getting stuck on it and
 They're getting stuck like you know Russell's you said don't teach but you're teaching here
 And I was like you know, I said you teach how to answer it and can you pull him to be killing it with a perfect webinar
 I think she was at that time like ten million dollars and sales from a perfect webinar
 selling like a
 $150 product she was like no you understand on the webinar you teach the what your product teaches the house your webinar teaches a strategy
 your
 Your course teaches the how to do it, right?
 And so it's like that part of the framework's left out and that's what drives them
 So they see oh my gosh like get it. I need a I need a funnel
 I need a framework
 I need whatever the thing is it's like how do I do it?
 I don't know how to do it
 They tell me I need to give them money to invest in the course to be able to learn how to actually do it
 So I want to give you guys a framework for a lot of reasons number one
 Is like it's super useful number two. I use it in podcasts. I use it in trainings using videos
 We use it courses. We use it so many different places
 And so for a lot of you guys I have the question I get a lot of times like hey if I'm creating a course
 Like what do I say? What do I teach? So I just teach it? It's like kind of yes take a step back step one build out your framework step two
 Teach a strategy step three teach the tactical step four show the examples to build a belief like each of your modules in your course
 Have that that is an amazing course feature your chapters in your book have that that will become an amazing book
 If each of the videos you post on YouTube have that framework, it'll become
 Amazing right. It's just the framework that works. So hey, I hope that helps you guys
 That's all I got I'm gonna go and go play with my kids because it's Saturday and I think the battery on the little segway is dying now
 So I hope this would help you guys if you love it
 You got something from it, please take a screenshot of this post it on Facebook social media Instagram wherever you post your stuff tag me
 and
 And use hashtag marketing secrets. I'd love to see those comments
 It's really fun seeing those pop up in my feeds and I do read all of them
 So if you tag me, it'll show up my feet and I'll see it
 So this is your time have an audience with me for me to listen to exactly what you want me to say
 That's basically the only way people get through me nowadays because I basically shut off all other sources of communication
 Because there's too many people trying to communicate with me
 So that's the best way show up my feet and you know by taking a picture tagging me and leaving comment about what was you got the value
 You got and I appreciate that. So thanks everybody and now with that said I'll talk to you all soon
 Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
