 Hey, what's up? This is Russell Brunson and I hope you don't mind
 I want to brainstorm an idea and a concept that I'm playing with my head
 But I think maybe the greatest things since sliced bread, but I'm not positive
 But I think it might be so I'm working on two of them right now
 So I will have practical real-world data back in a week or two or a couple weeks
 But right now I'm in the brainstorming phase and thought I would share here on the podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everybody, hope you're great so
 I keep trying to figure out like you know how to
 How to increase everything right what's the next step? What's the next?
 The next thing to to grow our business and with quick funnels
 It's it gets harder all the time because like we've tapped out of all them the little things right like if you're trying to go
 Coming from zero to million. There's there's a whole bunch of like low-hanging fruits easy to do
 But trying to go from you know 150 million to a billion. It's it's like different like it's not like oh we
 We're at it one more fun fun like the little things of that don't drive the needle big enough at scale
 And so that's where I kind of figure out different ways to drive things at scale
 So there's big things working on there's like internationalization right like like doing
 and doing
 You know all the books different languages and the software different languages and those things were working on little
 That'll be big needle drivers, right?
 There's in fact
 Oh, did you listen to the Joe Rogan interview with Mr. Beast kind of fascinating
 but one of the biggest things he said is that the way they grew their business the fastest or the biggest was
 taking all their YouTube videos and then like
 Translating into different languages and having the entire channel in different different languages, which is so cool
 And so we're down to books right now, and then we're gonna be doing it to you know all the other things
 So a lot of really cool fun exciting things happen in there, but
 Anyway, this is one that I'm excited to try
 So this this is something anybody who's got a lot of content can also try and test out and things like that
 So what I'm like the working hypothesis in my head and I have a couple names from calling this like internally
 I'm calling this the funnel wrapper, but it'll probably
 Shift it to like an actual sexy name later, but as right now
 It's called the funnel wrapper
 But right now as you know like we have funnels like we have a book funnel and webinar funnel and things and so we drive ads
 To a funnel they hit the funnel they go through the process and then they it ends as you're beginning in it
 And then we push into webinar funnel
 And so we're always kind of like we have our big email list
 We have traffic we have all these things we're pushing them and they're bouncing into these different funnels going through the process
 And then it kind of ends then we start back over and maybe we have a you know
 Ascension and value ladders and mood into step one step two and they all those things are great a good marketing automation
 This is kind of like I want to like take a step back and like and
 how do we
 How do we like really change the needle really move something and so I had this idea and we're testing in two different places
 one of them is
 And this will probably be live by the time you just hear this you can see it. So if you go to FHL secrets calm
 FHL secrets calm. This is an example of me creating this funnel wrapper or this universe. That's wrapping
 That's wrapping a whole bunch of amazing content into the sales
 Gauntlet or something. I don't even know
 And so the the principal is like we're trying to sell more funnel hacking live tickets, right?
 So I have obviously funnel hacking live calm we push people through there they register and they can buy tickets, right?
 So we we drive emails there we drive ads there I do webinars there like a whole bunch of happens there, right?
 And people buy tickets there and so I'm like well
 I need I want to be able to talk about it more often because with selling events
 It's just got to be in front of people's minds all the time
 And so like how do I get them to want to keep thinking about and talking about it?
 And how can I keep bringing it up that being like the annoying pest Russell right like yeah?
 Also, we know from like those comments with 500 email
 Like how do I put people into a universe where they're excited to get the emails and all that kind of stuff
 And so this came on the back of
 for the funnel bullish certification program. I've been recording all the modules on summit funnels and
 squeeze page funnels and
 Survey funnels and just all different funnel types and all sorts of stuff, right?
 so my mind was kind of in the middle of this whole thing and during since I finished recording I went actually
 From there I went and went hiking for four days with my kids
 I don't interact so I just thought was thinking these things in my head and so this funnel wrapper
 Principles kind of the output of all those things right?
 So here's the principle of the funnel wrapper
 so someone go to like again FHL seekers comm and on there
 It's like hey if you opt in you can bring you to ten of the best presentations of funnel hacking live and these presentations are like
 They're amazing. They're rare. They're whatever like something some really good hook to get them to register right?
 So after they register they enter into this universe and so this universe has an email list. It's not coming from Russell Brunson because
 I want to put people to a lot of different universes and so instead of just having it be you know
 20 emails from Russell the day to get in there's like you enter FHL seekers comm the emails coming FHL secrets that way
 You know where it's coming from me. It's very specific and it says universe you've entered into right?
 So they they opt in there and then what happens is we kind of do a little mini product launch
 Wrapped on or tied to content right?
 So for example, we have the FHL from like on a documentary
 So the very first thing they do is they get the documentary and we would use
 Our planning on using deadline funnels calm the software to to make it so that this after they opt in
 They have 72 hours to go and watch the documentary and the documentary expires right? So there's this there's just built-in
 Product launch happening right with an opening a middle and a close
 So the first emails like hey go watch the documentary is gonna be over 72 hours
 Second one's like Kate tomorrow goes away and 30 and I was like it's gone
 That's your shot to listen to right?
 So there's a little mini product launch and the documentary is content
 But then obviously it's talking to FHL and it pushes people to go get a ticket to FHL right?
 Then it transitions now we pick a presentation from finality live so it would say I pick
 Prince EA's presentation and so now that they finish the first the first
 You know content product launch inside the full universe inside the funnel wrapper now
 It's like hey, here's one of my favorite presentations from fun like in lives from Prince EA
 It's gonna be live for 72 hours. So they go to the presentation on the page
 There's there's a intro from me saying hey, this is who the videos buys is why I haven't speak
 So I so cool and they show the actual presentation and when presentation ends I come back on and I can do a stack in the clothes to sell tickets
 Right and so now we have they have 72 hours to go watch the Prince EA so they have an opening like hey new videos live
 Hey, it's going down tomorrow. Hey, we're closing card to think disappears right?
 So now there's an open and closed urgency scarcity and then it disappears and then the next day we open a new one
 And so we're gonna have 10 presentations happening
 In this thing and so every three days. There's a mini product launch. It's not tied to like hardcore pushing
 Like an offer of hardcore pushing a content that expires and it disappears, right?
 If we look at this whole thing people opt in but now I have 30 days to give them three days of
 You know basically launching three like three content pieces that are wrapped with a with a pitch that pushes people now to the actual funnel
 Right and so someone does this basically they opt in it gives me 30 chances to present them
 Funnel hacking live tickets without them feeling like I'm presenting in funnel hacking live tickets, right?
 And so that's the gauntlet or the funnel wrapper or the universe or
 Whatever dramatic demonstration. I got like a dozen names. I keep using interchangeably, but that's the principle, right?
 So think about this with all the different
 Like things like content stuff you have right?
 I was thinking about the summits I've done in the past like we did the 30 days summit, right?
 And 30 days summit's amazing, but right now if you go to 30 days calm and you register
 Basically day one you get the first five presentations day two you get next five day three get next five and expires
 Or excuse me first 10 20 30 so it's like three days of promotion the ends. I was like what if we took all these recordings instead
 Driped it out to be like this product launch where we figure what's the core offer? We want to sell in the back of 30 days
 so
 Maybe it's you know the one from my town
 Maybe it's cliff runs trial or your first funnel calm or whatever the next thing we want to sell is right?
 And so then they enter this universe they register for 30 days calm after they register then boom
 It's like here's the first presentation. Let's say it's tray loans
 And so we go and we show them tray loans presentation
 We explain it
 Or you know I video me explain why I picked it and then boom which shows trace presentation the afterwards I come back on
 I do a you know stack and the clothes present pitching whatever the
 The core offers for 30 days right and then again 72 hours boom boom boom
 Now becomes the first one and the next presentation is say those Bennie's that happens for three days
 And the next one is and the each of these content pieces now instead of just being
 You know a typical summit model they get three emails, you know the three different days of training it disappears now
 It's 30 day or 30 trainings that are all wrapped over three days
 That's nine was that 90 days of me dripping the most amazing content of all time that are anxiously excited for and then
 Wrapped around that content is the offer for whatever the front of the thing is I'm trying to actually pitch and promote and that just keeps happening
 So also this this content I created this is underperforming now now becomes this 90 day gauntlet or funnel wrapper or something
 Where's this insane value and same things?
 You know expiring content happening every single day emails coming from 30 days calm 30 days calm and not from Russell Brunson
 right or from Russell Brunson so there it's like its only universe of
 Content and product launch and expiring and all kind of stuff and I have a million things I could do that with right
 I'm sure you do too like how much content you create how many podcasts up say every podcast episode
 Should be this content is wrapped in a in a pitch back to whatever the core thing is right
 anyway, so
 Yeah, I
 Think this is like a way to wrap your entire value out of in content that gets I don't know who knows
 So this is the this is the working up offices and the working name
 I don't know if this name's any good so but I so I'll be testing it out the first one
 Little be going live is FHL secrets comm so I'm assuming it'll be live at time you just get this go check it out
 Let me know you think
 If it works good, you'll notice I'll be doing a lot more of these funnel wrappers that bring people into these these content
 Universes with expiring content that pushes people into the front and funnels
 And the goal of it obviously is for I value warm the warm the customer up and then get them where we need to go
 So anyway, I'm excited. I hope that this helps at least stimulate thought in your minds of cool ways to
 Increase how much money you make for every single opt-in and lead becomes into your world and without said makes so much for listening
 And we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode
 And what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost twenty thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter.com. Not only you can get the twenty thousand dollar gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand-delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
