 Hey, hey good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope that you are enjoying whatever you're in life right now
 And I appreciate you taking a short break out hang out with me
 Let's podcast and to talk about marketing and all the things that they get me and hopefully get you excited as well
 So that says keep things on we come back
 I'm gonna share with you some updates about and things I'm learning one right in the books
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so first off so many exciting things happening we are getting closer and closer to Christmas even following along you know that recently I
 Wrote my third book the traffic secrets book and then I started to rewrite of the dot-com and x-verse secrets books
 I wrote every wrote the dot-com secrets book
 And I'm like hey, yeah, it's it's basically a brand new book
 So that was like a whole second book and I started the expert seekers book
 I'm like oh this is not gonna be that big of a deal. It's gonna be simple
 But I am now two weeks into it and it's literally a brand new book
 So if you're the little ones, they're okay the new ones they're insane and I'm excited for it
 And yesterday actually the the publisher hey house they sent me back
 The interior proof of the traffic secrets book ah so we took it and we printed it out and spiral bound it
 Like the accent size will actually be when it's the book so I'm actually holding right now in my hands the first traffic secrets book
 Which is crazy and it's insane and I can't wait to deliver this to you guys
 So you can start using it especially right now
 I don't know if he has been filling the season where in the season of Mark Zuckerberg shutting people down like crazy
 Left and right every accounts get shut down
 Which is what I prophesied out in the book some hoping the book comes out before he shuts everyone down
 Otherwise people be like yeah Russell
 We saw that happen a while ago
 Whereas if you guys if if you remember first you make Russell's a genius
 So let's just pray that he keeps everybody's ad accounts live at least until May 5th
 And then afterwards you do every one because now you'll have the new blueprint for traffic with happening to rely on
 Zuck or the Berg or whatever you want to call them so
 Anyway, that's exciting but today I'm coming to you because like I said, I'm sitting here doing the rewrite of the expert secrets book
 and
 I'm excited because there's so many things I'm adding in here and like one of the big sections is
 How about his frameworks and how to create your framework and how you teach your framework and how you use that to
 To teach people but then also I use to create products and like anyway
 The framework is like this this core foundational thing that I never talked about before I did a podcast episode about a little while ago
 Which is work listening to it's called a framework plus four secrets
 Anyway, I'm not gonna go deep into framework stuff
 Just let you know that I'm a geek out of frameworks because that like as I'm going through this book
 I'm deliberately making really solid frameworks and so for example yesterday actually was it was
 Yeah, anyway a little more yesterday was yesterday the night before yesterday
 Which doesn't really matter to you, but I was doing the edits on
 The chapter the future based cause chapter in the in the expert secrets book and if you read that
 Like the chapter is good, but it's like here's a whole bunch of ideas like oh you can do this and this and like so it's good for like an idea
 Generating chapter but as I was looking at there's no like framework to it
 It's just like you could do this and you could do this and I did this and you know
 Here's what Brandon Kalan did like so it's good for my ideas
 But wasn't just like here's a framework. You can model you replicate you can simplify you can use over and over again
 So I started looking at all this stuff that was in there and then I broke it down
 And I simplified it into like an actual framework and then I made a doodle because I'm doodler so I doodled I
 Listed out like the steps of a framework
 And I doodled it out and I started freaking out
 I sent a picture of the doodle to like ten people they all freaked out and then
 We doodled it and now I
 Now it's in the book so you guys see the doodle. I wish I showed you right now, but
 Maybe I'll send a picture of it and Chris can make it the podcast cover
 So maybe maybe go back and look for the podcast cover of this episode and you'll see the doodle
 But basically was the jewel about how to create a future based cause and what's interesting is now taking here's random ideas
 And and then building a framework and plugging those frameworks in or those ideas into the framework now
 It's like so simple and so replicatable and so I'm gonna kind of why I was walking through this so
 This is coming back to the expert secrets chapter on how to create a future based cause and so
 basically
 You see if I can I can pull it up in the book as I'm going through this that way
 We've got it. Okay, so
 The way that I did the the structure
 So secret number four in the book might change it might be five actually because I've had another chapter earlier, but
 All right, so there's basically four steps inside of this framework
 So step number one is you have to launch a platform to become your dream customers guide to the result
 They're trying to get right and so this is where it's like basically these dream customers
 They could be trying to get their result from anybody. So it's like why why should they pick you?
 I should pick your movement your tribe and your people and so I talk about
 Creating like a campaign slogan. So for the funnel hacking movement the big slogan is one funnel way, right?
 It's something I'm always talking about me talking about for four years now
 I keep preaching it from the everywhere I can you one funnel way one funnel way like that's my campaign speech to get people into our movement, right?
 It's the same thing, you know when in political actions every
 Politician has
 Some kind of like slogan they use try to get people to follow them into their political party and vote for them, right?
 So us as entrepreneurs we have the same thing
 We got to like treat our business like a campaign like we're campaigning for the attention of our dream customers
 How do we get that?
 And then it was crazy in the experts secrets book the original one I shared two or three political campaigns are like it's interesting
 You feel get political campaigns most of the winners used
 You know future based causes and most of the people who lost use improvement offers
 So yesterday as I read this chapter I went back to the other side
 I want to see how far back that's actually true so I'm back and I found all the campaign slogans all the back to the year
 I was born so 1980
 What is insane is every single person from 1980 till this last election the person who won?
 always had a future based cause as
 Their campaign slogan every single person who lost always had improvement offer all the way back in 1980 actually went back further
 1980 was the year I was born something I'm gonna stop here, but I have them all here inside the book. It's so crazy like 1980 Jimmy Carter's
 So the losers again
 They had an improvement offer that folks on the president
 So Jimmy Carter's when he lost in 80 was a tested and trustworthy team
 So he's saying like the folks on the president. We've got a good team. We're trusted. We're gonna do good
 Where's Ronald Reagan in 1980 his campaign slogan was anybody know drumroll, please? I'll give you a hint
 Donald Trump used it in his last election
 So let's you 80 Reagan slogan was let's make America great again, which is a future based cause a new opportunity
 It's crazy and then you look down like
 Walter Mondale in 1984 lost to Ronald Reagan
 And
 Mondale said for new leadership, which is very much
 Improvement offer we're gonna make better leaders when Ronald Reagan said it's morning again in America future based cause boom this thing's happening
 anyway, it goes down bob dole had a
 Improvement offer
 Al Gore John Kerry John McCain and Romney all of them had
 Present improvement offers and all the winners had anyway, it's insanely cool. So that's number one in my framework, right?
 So then I I talk about that I explain that tell a story and then I like it gives them tactics of how to
 Strategy of how works and tactics how it actually works, right?
 And I show a bunch of case studies of people who who don't future based cause can't that now now
 I really can't panic get somebody into my movement into my cause
 Now the next thing is that to give them an identity shift, right?
 So this is now where I need to make them become a funnel hacker, right? Like I give them t-shirts
 I give them I am saying I am a funnel hacker. I build funnels
 I'm doing all the things to get them to to make this
 Transition to to put on as Caitlyn Poland said if I like a lot of tears go she's like the
 When someone puts on your their swag their t-shirt, whatever
 They're it's like an identity ship. It's like they're putting on their Superman cape like now they're a different person there
 Able to accomplish things differently because because of this this identity shift, right?
 So number one is I can't pay for the attention number two. I'm giving my identity shift and
 Step three now
 Is when somebody comes into into my community, right? They're trying to get a result. They're trying to make money trying to lose weight trying to whatever result your business
 Has right plug that in here, right?
 And so you're taking them on this journey of achievement to try to achieve something, right?
 And if you see my little doodle here, there's a this do that moves people up the value ladder
 I just try to give them to achieve something the problem is the most time you're trying to achieve something
 It's way out there. I'm trying to lose weight. I'm trying to make money. I'm trying to build a company like and it's not a very tangible thing
 You're just running towards growth a lot of times, right?
 And so what we do that is inside of that
 We try to create these milestone awards to give people
 Rivens to give you awards along the path which will help pull them
 Towards the result, right? And so for us it's the Tacoma Club Awards right to come a club
 When someone hits a million dollars, that's the milestone. They hit two comma club X
 That's 10 minutes a milestone to come up to see what was too come up to see?
 Well, see is the Roman numeral 400 so it's a hundred million award
 And we also have three comma club award that we're building for somebody who
 You know someone who's been earned that someday
 We have these milestone awards that pull people to the um
 To the end of the finish line, right?
 And so that's the the journey of achievement and then this comes back to the heroes to two journeys
 Ah, some cool things
 Also side the experts book that every hero has got a journey of achievement, but they also have a journey of transformation
 So the second thing is your job
 Inside of this future based causes to give them the journey of transformation
 And so
 What are you doing in that way? And so it's like the social missions. That's what we do with village impact with with oh, you are it
 This new to hard award that we're coming out with
 Anyway, a whole bunch of cool stuff, but
 Anyway, so that that is the the framework that
 I created so I took this mass chaos of the chapter a hundred random things and I built out a framework
 I made a doodle of the gold framework and then from there it will actually go through
 and um people can go through now and um and see okay to build future based causes like here
 Here's the structure here's what I do now is replicate it well
 They can see it and they need over and over again. And so I think one of the big things
 This podcast and there's two two kind of points to one is
 Diving back into like creating your own framework. Don't just teach stuff with that's cool with a whole bunch of it
 Here's cool. This is cool. This is cool. It's like creative framework
 You can develop design to make something replicable for somebody so they can come back and they can do it
 And then number two is just understanding like future based cause and the cool things tied back to that. So
 Ah, anyway, I'm so excited. I'm so excited. I forget these new copies this book
 It's funny. I got people who messaged me. I just bought I just bought I come secret expert secrets
 I'm like ah
 Taking I'm like it's good, but it's gonna be great. Just I mean read it but then read the next one
 Coming out in a couple months for now. I promise something worth it. Oh, so funny
 Um, anyway, well that said I'm gonna get back to writing. I got
 I got two weeks left to write
 Who's to get this book done? So which meeting luck?
 Also, we're almost allowed for liking live tickets if you don't have your ticket to fun liking live it you should get there
 This year's event is gonna be insane
 Um, the lineups insane. We announced 20 robins is coming back to speak that Tom bill use the founder of quest nutrition
 They sold for billion dollars. Now he runs impact theory
 Um, we got ryan holidays my favorite author. We've got
 um, tons of people in our funnel hacking community. We've got
 uh, prince ea who
 It's got one of the best storytellers i've ever met have ever seen
 He's got videos that have been seen like two or three billion times on on facebook
 All based on just amazing storytelling link. Ah, anyway, so much good stuff happening and so happy fun hacking live january
 So if you take it yet, you should hurry
 Uh, we would be sold out by the time you hear this but if not, we're gonna be sold out soon so make sure you take it to fun hacking live.com
 All right guys, that said appreciate you all need to hang it out and uh, we will talk to you soon
 Hey, this is ruffle again and uh really quick. I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days
 With 5,000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you who think like you who believe like you have vision like you
 If you like to do that, then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live
 It's coming up very very soon
 Uh, if you don't have your ticket shade, you go to funnel hacking live.com
 And it gives you the ability to leave your home
 Leave where you're you're trying to to create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe like you
 Who see visions like you of what they can create and what they can become
 Fun lacking life is not just a marketing event. It's not just a personal development event
 It's both of those things wrap into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me I go to funnel hacking live.com
 Get your tickets. We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well
 And after you get tickets you will be there with 5,000 other insane crazy fun the funnel hackers talking about a girl
 The business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You gotta go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live.com. Thanks so much and i'll see you in Nashville
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
