 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everybody, what's going on?
 This is Russell.
 Welcome back to our time.
 We're going to hang out every single day and talk about traffic and funnels and all
 the good things.
 Great for we'll be here with you all today.
 While people are getting on, just want to check in and see what everyone is doing during
 this time of quarantine.
 Are you sharpening your saw?
 Are you perfecting your business yourself, your skill set?
 Or are you Netflix and Binging?
 Or are you doing both?
 We got Netflix and Binge or funnel-flix and builds.
 You can do either one of the two.
 Now it's been fun.
 We've been doing a lot of publishing, a lot of writing, a lot of working, getting stuff
 done, prepared, driving a lot of traffic.
 It's been a fun two weeks while we're sitting here at our house.
 Hopefully you guys are all taking advantage of it.
 But at the same time, I'm not going to lie, my wife and my kids and I have been doing some
 Netflix and Chill as well.
 We've been watching The Avengers.
 We are the Marvel entire series from the very beginning in chronological order.
 We started with Captain America, which took place in the 40s.
 Then Captain in Marvel, which was the 90s.
 And then from there, it was Iron Man and then The Incredible Hulk, which by the way, was
 the worst of all superhero movies ever.
 So we had to watch it in order.
 Then we watched Iron Man Part 2 last night and then today we're going to go and watch
 The First Thor.
 So that's what we've been doing, but it's all preparing for something very important,
 which is Avengers Infinity War and Endgame where those of you who might superhero nerds
 whoosh, this is where Thanos comes with the glove and he snaps his fingers in half the
 world and it disappears, which has to do a lot with this book right here that we've
 been reading, Traffic Secrets.
 So that's why I'm showing you guys as well.
 The good news though is that just like the way that in Endgame they beat Thanos, Iron
 Man gets his own glove and that's how he ends up winning.
 So this is the glove right here is the equivalent of the Traffic Secrets book.
 This is Zuckerberg and the Coronavirus.
 So anyway, now that I've kind of geeked out and embarrassed myself for everybody, you
 guys are here.
 You guys ready to have some fun?
 Alright, alright, why we decided?
 So when we're talking today about Traffic Secrets book, if you don't have your copy yet,
 what are you waiting for?
 Do you hate money?
 Do you hate traffic?
 Do you hate changing the lives of your future dream customers?
 If so, then don't get the book.
 But if you like money and you want to grow your company and you want to change the lives
 of your dream customers, you should go to trafascers.com and there's the page back here
 where you can get a copy of the book.
 So the headline says that the new free book shows 20+ virtually unknown secrets to get
 tons of traffic to any website or funnel.
 And Feliz yesterday, I don't have a website or funnel but I'm a YouTuber.
 It'll help you grow your YouTube channel.
 If you're like, I don't have a website or funnel but I want to be an Instagram influencer.
 It'll help you grow your Instagram following, your Facebook following, your TikTok here.
 They can be like your follow.
 Any reason why you need traffic, that's what this book is for.
 If you want to grow your following, get more fans, more subscribers, more customers, more
 buyers, build an email, like all those things, this book, it does that.
 That's what it teaches us, that's what it shows you.
 So anyway, I hope you guys love it.
 So someone said they're OCD.
 Alright, some of the cities killing because my cover's open.
 Alright, there you go.
 Now you can pay attention without stressing out because my cover's open.
 So it's amazing.
 Alright, okay, so we're dropping to the book again.
 So any hope you guys have had a chance to be reading it or listening along, obviously
 we're in pre-launch right now.
 So the book doesn't ship till May 5th, around a month away from the book shipping.
 But for those of you guys who are my super nerds, you can actually listen to this right
 now.
 The audio book is in the funnel.
 So you get the book for free plus shipping.
 There's an order form bump where you can up some of the audio book.
 And I spent three days in a studio for you guys reading this book.
 I actually spent seven days.
 I said three days reading this, two days, two days.
 Three, four, five, six, seven days in the studio, reading all the audio books which they're
 all available inside the funnel.
 You can get them, you can start listening to this stuff right away while you're waiting
 for these to be shipped out to you if you don't have them yet.
 And I told you yesterday, so if you buy this book right now, go down to the audio and go
 listen to it.
 You can get the entire thing read before we show up today.
 So now we're here today.
 How many of you guys did that?
 How many of you guys listened to the entire seven-hour book and got this, all this information
 now inside of your brain?
 Okay?
 Some of you guys have already done that.
 So if you have, congratulations, you took advantage of not.
 That's what today is for.
 You can get your copy of the book at trafficsecrets.com.
 Sorry, my gloves are making noise over there.
 Trafficsecrets.com and then you can start listening to the audio books when the order
 form bumps.
 There's also a bunch of crazy bonuses and stuff.
 But, alas, I'm coming back to today.
 We want to start reading.
 Someone said they need it in French.
 We are going to get these all in a whole bunch of languages very, very soon.
 So it's happening.
 Do you know what we're going to do?
 Okay.
 So trafficsecrets is book three in the trilogy.
 I wanted to be like Harry Potter, so we got a trilogy, made a box that is really exciting.
 Those who have been wondering, how do you get a box set?
 It may or may not also be one of the upsells inside the funnel.
 So regardless, you should go hang out in the funnel and check it out.
 Also, we launched this funnel on day one of a nationwide quarantine, which in theory is
 the worst possible time to launch a funnel or a book.
 But a couple of things.
 Number one, this book is very, very timely.
 In fact, it's crazy.
 If you look at the introduction, the introduction says that, introduction, there's a storm coming.
 I literally wrote that 18 months ago, not knowing that when this book came out, we'd
 be in the middle of this storm.
 So it's kind of cool.
 I lost my train of thought.
 I was going to give you two things.
 I can't remember the second thing.
 That's number one.
 Number two.
 Yeah, I can't remember.
 So there you go.
 Oh, yeah.
 We launched the middle of the thing.
 So number one is it's very timely.
 It's like the book that all of us need right now, right?
 Like traffic customers, this is the life preserver for all of our companies.
 So now is the time to be sharpening skills you can have the life preserver.
 And then number two, it's the highest converting funnel I've ever done.
 And I've been doing this game for a long time.
 And so if you want to see a really good funnel, you should go through and buy slowly and
 watch the process.
 So all right.
 That's it.
 You guys, you ready for this?
 So yesterday we talked about the third type of traffic.
 Okay.
 Who here's been paying attention over the last couple of days?
 I said, the first type of traffic is traffic that you.
 Okay.
 If you're on the blank, you spend attention.
 This is all in secret number.
 You get your book.
 Secret number four, we talked about two types of traffic.
 Number one is traffic that you spend attention.
 Put it in the comments down below.
 It's traffic that you earn, right?
 So you got to earn the traffic.
 Traffic number two is traffic that you control.
 So you're buying traffic.
 And the third type of traffic was traffic that you own this, traffic that you actually
 your own email list.
 How do you build your list and how important and vitally, like why that's such a big part
 of it.
 So today we're going to be moving into secret number drumroll, please secret number five.
 Oh, I would skip past it.
 Number five, which is follow up funnels.
 Follow funnels are fun because they're the secret five follow funnels.
 So follow funnels is interesting because most people see my funnels online, right?
 Like you see the stuff that's out there and you're like, oh, that's how Russell's making
 his money.
 I figured it out.
 But what you typically see is just the tip of the iceberg.
 You see the front end funnels, but the follow up funnels is where the money is actually
 made, which is kind of interesting.
 So if you look at this on page 89 inside the book, I break down one, two, three, four,
 four different, four different front end funnels that we have.
 You guys probably seen it and you've seen them out there and I took a 30 a window just
 to show you.
 I wanted to show people I came 30 days to see how much each of these different funnels
 make, right?
 So the first one is the dot com secret speed book funnel.
 When I took the snapshot is a 30 a window that funnel generated 5,410 leads.
 We sold 2,395 books.
 The average cart value is $30.81.
 Our gross sales, we made $73,789, $99.95.
 Our ad spend spent $69,000, $26.31.
 So our profit from that one funnel was $4,763.64.
 Okay.
 So I can walk through that one.
 I should show that funnel.
 I should funnel two is 100 split test book number three is the perfect webinar free plus
 shipping funnel.
 And number four was the old marketing car MP3 player.
 So I broke down those four funnels.
 Show the stats numbers.
 When you add them all up, those four funnels made in that 30 day window made $142,000.
 Our ad cost was $128,000.
 So when you take it all away, our total profit was $14,470.06.
 So if you look at that, those are the funnels people see outside, you've got to wrestle
 how in the world you have 400 employees.
 You're not going to make 14 grand year in big trouble, right?
 You're going to lose your entire company.
 But the problem is like that's the funnel.
 A lot of people see.
 But then there's the second funnel.
 It's an invisible funnel.
 No one really talks about it.
 No one sees it.
 It's not visible.
 It's like the rest of the iceberg.
 It's all the stuff that below the surface that people don't see is the follow up funnel.
 And so I took that same, the customers that came in during that 30 day window from these
 four funnels, I extended that over, I wanted to see it and over the next 30 days, how much
 money came from those customers inside of the follow up funnel.
 So the follow up funnel is how do I follow up?
 And what are the emails I send?
 The text messages, the Facebook messengers, all the things that are happening off the funnel,
 right?
 And what's crazy is we did that.
 And for every one dollar remade inside of the actual front end funnel, we made $16.49
 in the follow up funnel over the next 30 days.
 You guys getting that?
 That's the secret.
 That's the big thing.
 That's why yesterday I talked about why it's so important and why it's so vital to have
 your own list because that's where the money's made.
 I don't make money.
 And I felt like my book funnel here, I don't make very much money.
 My goal is to make this funnel break even.
 Someone comes through to buy the book.
 You go through the upsells, the downsells, all sorts of stuff like that.
 And so they go through that.
 And after they have it, again, my goal is to break even and then get you as a customer
 and then I start serving you.
 And if I serve you well, then maybe buy another book.
 I'm not selling you.
 Buy a click funnel.
 You buy a coaching.
 You buy a go to an event.
 All the other things happen if I serve you well in the front end.
 And if you've gone through the dotcom secrets book, my strategy on value letters and things
 like that, these things all tie into it.
 But I want you to understand that for every dollar remade on a front end funnel, we made
 $16.49 in the follow up funnel over the next 30 days.
 That doesn't count the next 60 days, 90 days, you know, lifetime, but that's where the
 money's actually made.
 In fact, if you look at, I don't think you can see this image here.
 If you're listening to the podcast version, you'll be able to.
 But on page 91 of the book, you've got this image here where it shows here's traffic
 there, and traffic that I control, right?
 I'm driving all the end into front end funnels.
 The goal of front end funnels then is to get people to join a list.
 Now they're on my list.
 Now I send an email to send them on my value ladder.
 And that's where the majority of the profit and the money comes from.
 All right.
 So follow up funnels.
 Now, so many cool things in this chapter.
 I could spend like a couple, two or three hours just going through this.
 I think the best thing to share with you guys, they'll get you the most excited to go buy
 the book.
 Okay, I'll share one kind of concept.
 So if you're buying your way in, right?
 And let's say you're paying for ads, you got to pay your paying ads and you're paying
 for every lead, right?
 And that sometimes is scary.
 And so a good lead cost honestly is like three bucks per lead.
 That's like a good thing.
 So, you know, if it's higher or less, but like three bucks is a good, good cost for a
 lead off like Facebook ads or something, right?
 So let's say I go and I spend three bucks, I get someone to opt in my to my list.
 Okay, $3.
 I got a lead.
 Now that may freak some of you guys actually like, well, so if I want 100 people on my
 list, this one costs me 300 bucks, 100,000, 3000, 10,000, 30,000 bucks and you freak
 out.
 And the answer is yes, that can be kind of scared.
 But a couple of things.
 Number one, if you listened to yesterday's, I talked about the valuable list.
 I said on average, you should make on the low end $1 per month per name on your email
 list case.
 That's on the low end.
 So that means you spend $3 to get a name on your email list within three months you'll
 break even, right?
 So I think about that with rural state like people I see all the time, people go in the
 buy house and they'll spend a quarter million dollars to buy a house per renter and then
 hopefully it'll cash flow 500,000 bucks a month.
 And that's the business model, right?
 Here it's like I can go spend, you know, I can spend, let's say, I don't know, let's
 say 3000, I'm going to see $3,000 on a list.
 It gets me 3000, that gets me 1000 people to join my list.
 And I average a thousand dollars per month, my list means in three months I break even
 after that, it's all pure profit, right?
 So that's the, that's the thing to understanding in the math of this whole game.
 The other thing is if you spend $3 for a leave, if you put them through like a funnel, like
 a book funnel or a break even funnel, you can break even.
 So you spend $3, you make $3, you get a lead and now that person's going to average you
 $1 per month on your list as long as they stay with you.
 And that's really the, that's really the big secret.
 Okay?
 And so anyway, so for example, what might happen, again, this is if you were looking
 in the books on page 96, if you're listening, audio, just have to trust me, but you spend
 the say, so $3 and ads, I drive into a landing page, they opt in and I get an email, I get
 a human, right, a customer.
 Now this person, I lost three bucks, I've made, I've made money yet, right?
 Then on the thank you page, I send them a couple emails to build value and build a relationship,
 I'm still negative $3, right?
 So the first three emails and the fault, the fault funnel, for example, maybe I don't
 make any money.
 So I'm still negative $3 from the whole, I'm like, ah, $3 in the whole, but I'm building
 a relationship with this person, they get to know me, we come friends, they trust me,
 they keep building my emails.
 Then from there, the next, the next thing I shift over and I start putting them into
 my first funnel, right, which let's say in this example in the doodle, I have a book funnel.
 I send out some emails and say, hey, you should buy my book and then email to buy my book,
 buy my book and they go through this book funnel and I make some money from them, right?
 And say on average, I make a dollar 50 for every single person in my email list that goes
 through here, they drop out.
 So I spent $3 on the initially, I've made back a dollar 50, now we're halfway there, right?
 Then after this funnel is done, then the next funnel might follow a funnel I push here and
 start promoting my webinar funnel.
 I send email one, two, three and boom, after the webinar funnel, then they break even and
 we start making money, okay?
 And so somewhere in this line is like your break even point, somewhere in the follow up
 funnel.
 So I'm going to say, I'm going to spend $3 and I'm going to have 10 emails go out and
 I know that on average by email number three, I break even, right?
 I spend $3 and in every email I make a little bit more and a little bit more and by email
 three or email six, whatever it is, that's my break even point and then everything after
 that is pure profit.
 Okay, I want to go pay Facebook or Google again to get that traffic, it's there, I'm
 getting paid for that for forever and that's the big thing to understand, like that's the
 big, that's the big secret, okay?
 That's how follow up funnels work.
 And I talk about multi-dimensional follow up funnels, how do we even other things like
 retargeting and messengers and text messaging, you know, a whole bunch of other cool things.
 All right, I got one more thing I want to share as it relates to follow up funnels because
 I think this is kind of cool.
 So in every type of selling, there's always three closes.
 Who here does the three closes are by the way?
 I'm curious.
 There's three closes, okay?
 And there's one that's good, there's one that's also good, you know, there's like the
 best one, the next best one, the next best one, okay?
 So if you go to page when you're there, you got page 98, these are the three closes.
 The first one is the emotional close, second one is the logical and the third is fear,
 okay?
 So you go motion, logic, fear.
 And so you'll see this everywhere, like again, in example here, this is a landing page.
 And the landing page with the top third of my landing page is typically an emotional
 argument, the video is emotionally speaking to him.
 As you scroll down, there's the logical arguments and the bottom are the urgency and scarcity.
 So I go, emotion, logic, fear.
 In fact, if you go to traffic seekers.com and you click here, watch the video, it's a
 very emotional video, you scroll down in the middle of the page, you'll see all the logic
 and the bottom, you've got the fear, urgency, scarcity.
 So emotional, logic, fear.
 I got so happy on the page that you go here and you scroll down, okay?
 And so that's the process.
 If you look at how I do my webinars, I lead with emotion and I follow logic and I end
 with fear.
 Look at my follow-up fear, funnels.
 It's always emotional, logic, fear as well.
 And so when I'm building up my follow-up funnels, there's a sequence, I take something, they
 come and they join my list, right?
 And then whenever product service I'm selling, I start with my emotionally, I'm also trying
 to sell them emotionally as to me telling stories, all the stuff you learn to expert
 secrets, right?
 Telling them stories, things like that.
 From their transition to the logical, because again, I think I have the numbers here.
 It's like 50% of your people will buy emotionally, right?
 Yeah, 50% of people will buy emotionally on average.
 So we lead with emotion.
 And then from there, people that are emotionally touched but they're logically trying to convince
 themselves, that's the next 30%.
 You've got to convince them to start through logic, okay?
 And then there's 20% of people who won't buy them out of what unless you're going to
 take it away from them.
 And so then urgency and scarcity, when you pull away from them, that's when the last
 20% buy it.
 So if you just do emotion, just do logic, just do fear, you miss the whole, you hit
 this huge segments of the market.
 But if you go from emotion to logic to fear, then you're hitting all the different pieces,
 okay?
 So in my follow-up funnels, as I'm doing, my first set of emails are all emotionally speaking.
 They move to logical arguments and they land with fear, which is urgency and scarcity.
 So emotion, logic and fear.
 And when you start understanding this process of emotion, logic, fear, you start seeing
 this pattern everywhere.
 Again, you'll see it on landing page layout.
 You see it in sales videos, you see it in webinars, you see it in follow-up sequences,
 follow-up funnels, you can see it in launch sequences.
 Like, the entire launch sequences have been motion, logic, fear, right?
 If you watch this, this, this, this launch so far, right?
 I led with emotion of like the big buzz and the excitement and like the video, I never
 got crazy and all emotional buyers bought day one, right?
 Day one, we sold 50% of our books so far got sold on day number one, right?
 And then it's like all people are like, oh well, I don't know if, you know, this book's
 really for me, I don't know if whatever, and like all the logical buyers are coming in
 like, well, I'm not sure, I'm not sure.
 So now I'm doing what, every single day I'm going live.
 I'm logically speaking, I'm reading parts of the book, I'm logically explaining like
 why this would actually work for you and for your business.
 And every single day and another percentage you're like, oh, I get it now.
 Okay, I know, like I, Russell's logically convinced me now I'm going to go to trafficseeker.com
 and buy, right?
 And then eventually we're getting towards the end of this promotion and I'm out of
 fear, we're going to pull this away.
 And so offer will disappear and you're like, I'm going to get the book and you'll freak
 out.
 Like Russell, why did you?
 And I'm like, dude, I told you I five, like I went live every single day for like three
 or four weeks.
 I did everything I, I said I have a million emails, my affiliate sent emails, we've been
 buying ads, like I spent millions of bucks trying to eat, buy this book and now I'm pulling
 it away.
 And like for a 20% of you guys, that's when you all buy is like when I pull it away.
 For some reason you're like sitting here listening to me, you're waiting, like someday
 I'll get the book, but not today until I decide to pull it away.
 And when this book fun was about to disappear and your option to get the books gone, that's
 when you're the final like whatever percent will finally go and do it.
 So you have to understand it's going motionless logic and fear.
 And so that's the sequence of every single fall funnel, but that pattern you're going
 to see over and over and over and over again and all marketing all sales.
 And so it's important to understand it because when you understand it, then you can use it
 in everything that you're doing.
 Ah, there's so many cool things in here.
 Let's take a show you everything.
 Ah, this is, I'd have to geek out for like two hours to give this, but on page 102 for
 those of you guys who are like, how do how do how do fall phones work with like daily
 sign filled emails versus soap opera sequences and things like that.
 And the value out, it's like here I sketch out for the more advanced readers.
 This is like the value ladder, how it works, where you weave in your soap opera sequences
 where the data sign filled emails fit and how you move people from motion logic fear
 in each step of the value ladder.
 So this is for the more advanced users we get when you get to the book and you read
 page 102, that'll be like the light bulb will go off and you'll find a big, oh, that's
 how it works for people like me.
 So anyway, I hope you guys are enjoying this.
 It's been fun going live every day with you guys.
 I hope, yeah, if you guys like this, I'll keep doing it for a while.
 But what I would do if I was you guys right now is I would go and get your copy of Traffic
 Secrets, okay?
 All my emotional buyers already bought us.
 Thank you very much.
 The logical ones now are like stewing on it.
 You're like, ah, it's really good.
 And this is this is my answer for you.
 It's 10 bucks when I literally took away all the fear for you.
 You just cover the shipping handling.
 I pay for the book.
 These things are huge.
 This is like 350 pages.
 If we do the math, you're paying $10 shipping handling.
 You're paying like the three pennies, three cents per page, three cents per page.
 You know how much effort every pay?
 I get to take like two days right every single page of this thing.
 So you're getting my time and like three cents, like a half a penny an hour, a half a, no,
 it's like it's like a 10th of a penny an hour for you to pay me to give you all the stuff
 that I killed myself on.
 I literally bled out of my finger.
 I didn't literally bleed out of my fingers.
 But it felt like it because I was typing so much and editing so much and early nights,
 late mornings, no late nights and early mornings, writing this thing for you guys and it's
 here.
 So anyway, I'm teasing you, but you should just go get a copy of it.
 It's in preorder right now.
 So the books don't ship for another month or so, but you can go get the book.
 The audio book is available as an upsell.
 So you can get the audio book.
 So you can start listening today.
 I spent, I spent three, I spent seven days actually in a studio, but three days just reading
 Travis Secret's book.
 You can start listening to this at seven hours of audio.
 You can download, you can go buy it, download the art book right now.
 Listen to it.
 So by the time of our entire book could already be in your brain.
 There's also PDF that comes with the book that has all of the images and the doodles.
 You can go in like geek out and be like, Oh, cool.
 I can see what else is talking about here.
 And so the doodles are in there as well.
 And then for those of you guys who are looking for this entire box, they're like, I want
 the entire trilogy.
 Because you heard that I rewrote.com secrets, rewrote experts, secrets and the new traffic
 secrets, plus this magic unlock secrets book.
 This box set you can actually get as one of the upsells.
 So if you buy the book, not if when you buy the book, the episode that I hate, you want
 the entire box set.
 So you can get that as well.
 It's also ships in about a month for now, but it's worth it.
 This thing is like so fun.
 Anyway, we'll sign up for you guys to get this.
 You're going to love it.
 Anyway, there you go.
 All you gotta do is go to trapez
 secrets.com.
 Thanks you guys.
 I appreciate hanging out.
 It's been so fun.
 If you have any questions, comments, concerns, let me know in the comments down below.
 We'll try to answer them every single day as I'm going through this.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, you guys, be safe.
 I know it's crazy times.
 I know there's a lot of fear.
 There's a lot of scared, like scary stuff happening.
 Uncertainty.
 The biggest thing you can do in times of uncertainty like this is to sharpen yourself.
 The biggest companies right now in the world, all were built during the Depression, all
 the biggest Inc 500 companies.
 During the last recession, 2008, when all of the companies now started.
 So if you're in the sphere motion site, it's okay to be scared.
 Understand that, in fact, I'm doing a Facebook Live on Saturday to kind of dress on the stuff
 with the entire ClickFunnels community.
 But it's okay to be scared.
 We're all nervous.
 My wife's nervous.
 My kids are nervous.
 I'm nervous.
 It's okay to be so nervous that you just paralyzed.
 Be nervous, but then keep them forward because now is the time to crave and to serve and
 to make stuff that's amazing.
 When you do that, it can literally change lives to people.
 You've been called to serve.
 And when you do that, the weird thing is it changes your life as well.
 So get into an active service.
 Go live.
 You guys, your people need you.
 They need to hear you publishing.
 When you get the Trappes Secrets book, I'm going to talk about one of the challenges in
 here.
 You've got to start publishing every day for a year.
 You should start that now.
 I've been publishing every day for eight years now.
 I'm going to double down right now.
 I'm going live every single day with you guys.
 Trying to get some faith and some hope of the future because if we all are just in fear
 and stuck, it's not going to be good.
 So now is the time you guys.
 When you get down there, open up your Instagram.
 Open up your Facebook.
 Go live to your people.
 And maybe only got two people following you.
 That's okay to hear your voice right now.
 This is your chance to start finding your voice and start becoming a leader and a servant.
 So step up and be willing to do that.
 So there's my challenge to you guys.
 We'll get deeper into that as well because that's part of the challenge you guys.
 It's time for you all to step up and start sharing and speaking and give people hope
 in a better world because this world is amazing.
 And it's amazing.
 This blessing to be able to stay home right now with our families.
 And if we get sick, that'll suck.
 But you know what?
 I have a strong belief that none of us on this planet will stay on this Earth one second
 longer or one second shorter than the Lord wants us to.
 So we shouldn't fear too much because it's all part of the plan.
 So alright, appreciate you guys.
 Thanks so much for everything.
 Give the books at forseeker.com and I will see you guys all at Manana.
 Bye everybody.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I just opened up a texting community, which means you can text me your
 questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions through text messages to people who are on the podcast.
 So I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Now the phone number you need to text is 208-231-379-7.
 Once again, it's 208-231-379-7.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back
 a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free
 swag, giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 So I want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get it for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
