 What's up everybody? Good morning. This is Russell Brunson on a Welcome Back to the Marketing
 Seeker's podcast. Right now I'm working on the one funnelway challenge and wanted to
 jump in and say hey.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get
 our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 still remain profitable? That was the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Seeker's.
 Hey, so this morning I'm working on day number two of the one funnelway challenge.
 So me as known for the last, almost three years now we've been running the one funnelway
 challenge. We had over 70,000 people go through which is crazy to me. That one challenge alone
 was $100 per ticket. They can almost about hit two comical effects which is exciting.
 Anyway, so we are, I decided that I wanted to redo it and kind of update it and I wanted
 to do it live. I like as noise to the five day lead challenge live and it was really fun
 and now I want to transition and do one funnelway live. So I started yesterday and did the
 first training and it was great. So after I got done we opened up for Q&A's and there
 was like so many questions that I thought I taught it a little differently. Those questions
 wouldn't have been there. So I'm actually going in this morning early and I'm re-recording
 - I'm bringing in my clothes over yesterday - re-recording the last half of day one and
 then we're going to kind of mush that together and fix that for everybody that way moving
 forward because this is the only time it will be live after that. It will have to be, you
 know, replaced. I can't do the live challenge every day for the rest of my life. So we'll
 kind of clean up the video in that way that I'll have it moving forward. And then I'm
 doing day number two and then every day basically I'm going live for the next almost 30 days.
 I don't know if I'm live on the weekends but you know four weeks so 20, 20 days in
 a room. I'm going to do Friday and it's exciting and it's kind of fun because every time I
 teach the stuff it gets clear in my head and it's clear and like I don't know. It's one
 of the reasons why I think it's so important for all of you guys and me to publish so much
 right between podcasts and videos and audios and speaking and doing challenges and like
 just the more you do it the more your message gets refined and the better it gets. You know
 I've been doing this now almost 20 years so it's weird to say I've been doing this for
 a long long long time and I'm still cleaning my message up. Like today I just had to use
 the law of Hoth and anyway I just wanted to put that out the first four you guys. It's
 like if you think you have said your stuff and taught your stuff a lot you haven't yet
 you're still just very very beginning of it. That's one. Number two one of my big
 hoths and little takeaways today that I had and I thought it was new but just a new way
 to kind of teach it. I thought it was interesting I want to share with you guys. You know I talk
 a lot about frameworks and how we all need to be developing our own frameworks. We shall
 have a ton of different frameworks right and frameworks are just basically a step-by-step
 process which teach somebody. So let's say you've gotten a result in the past so you
 figure out how to get six pack abs or how to climb a mountain or how to head throw someone
 in wrestling or you figure out a result right and so how do you do that result? Well you
 stand there and you break down the step-by-step step-by-step step-by-step and one you do this
 step-to-you do this step-to-you do this step-to-you do this step-to-you do this step-to-you
 and you have this this framework for how to to reverse engineer the result that you just
 got right and so that framework is the thing that we're that we're selling right and so
 when you have that framework there's a lot of things you can do with it right and what
 I was kind of mapping out here in my notes is that you can take that framework and I think
 you can teach it to most people in like three minutes right. It's like here's my here's my
 framework for how I do a head throw or whatever how to lose weight or how to do whatever and
 that three-minute version could be like a YouTube video or an ad right I'm gonna teach
 my framework and show the framework it's really cool. I'm like oh that's amazing I understand
 the framework right but then there's the next year the framework right so let's say instead
 of three minutes let's say you're gonna teach that same framework right nothing different
 just teaching the same framework and this time you're gonna teach it in an hour okay
 and so you are yeah you teach an hour so you teach a framework in an hour and now that
 framework though you can sell right or you can give away to the lead magnet or you can
 sell it so in this in what we're doing for the one-of-a-way challenge this is gonna be
 their seven dollar offer and and so they're they have this framework that's only for seven
 dollars instead I'm teaching an hour long version of that framework right so from teaching a
 head throw in an hour well that might be a little hard but from teaching you know that
 said teaching how to lose weight in an hour how to get six pecabs or how to run a Facebook
 ad or whatever right I teach that thing in an hour and that becomes this this product
 now that I can sell for seven dollars so I'm productizing my framework I'm taking the
 framework to a product now by bulking it up and then now I have the ability to sell that
 right but now it's like okay what if I took that hour long version and I said there's
 six steps in that in that that framework right and in an hour I spend ten minutes in
 each step so what if instead I take that and say it's an ten minutes in each step what
 if I spend an hour in each step right so I take that and I break down this framework
 instead of being done in in one hour it's done over six modules right now it's a six
 hour course where each each bullet point each step in that process I spend a full hour on
 right and now I just turn the thing from a seven dollar offer into a six week course
 right or six module course and taking the same thing I'm just teaching it different right
 I'm bulking it up and telling more stories and more examples from our case studies and
 I'm just doing more more each at each level of it right and so now it becomes a six week course
 right and I can sell for that for $297 or more and then the next tier on top of that is okay how
 do we do a done for you version right so it's going to be teaching this I'm just going to do
 it for so it becomes a service or coaching or things like that and that can sell from
 anywhere from 500 bucks to you know 10,000, 25,000, 100,000 more and it's just taking the
 same framework I already have but now I'm actually doing it I'm showing them how to do it right
 and so that's kind of the the next tier the next step and so anyway it's interesting like
 I think a lot of times we think we need to create a million different products,
 had a million different things but it's like no you're just taking your same framework
 and you're expanding upon it right you got three-minute version the hour long version the
 six module version the live event version the workshop version the the coaching version the
 one-on-one coaching for you know like there's a whole bunch of different ways to package it
 and to fulfill on it and I think that with the key that people often understand is that
 people will spend more money for the same product packaged in a different way when you understand that
 it changes all these things and it's exciting so anyway I just this morning's I was doodling that
 out I'm going to be sharing day number two of OFA I thought it'd be fun to share that with you
 guys and just get the wheels in your head spinning right what are your frameworks have you been
 thinking about that like what are the things that you teach you know how to do the results that
 you know how to get for people start thinking about those and start developing them start
 figuring them out and then make different versions of it right there's the 30-day challenge version
 there's the book version there's there's a million of ways to package it structure it in a way that's
 going to help your dream clients get results so anyway that's what I got for this morning I'm
 going to go back to finish preparing this if you haven't done the one funnily challenge
 you probably you probably should do it it's amazing it's a hundred bucks and you get me live 20 days
 in a row um plus you go live this first version you'll get three recordings if you sign up later but
 it's still good worth it every day I stream a live presentation in and I teach the strategy and
 then I give you um I give you the homework um maybe one page or show them the tactics with
 homework assignments and things like that and it's a lot of fun so it helps appreciate you all
 thanks for listening and we'll see you guys soon bye everybody
 hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and
 30 minutes every single day answering questions um through text message to people who are on the
 podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message okay now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797 once again it's 208-231-3797
 when you text me just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 and then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start
 having conversations on top of that through this texting community so I'm going to be giving you
 out free swag giving away free copies of my book I'll let you know about book signings about times
 I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more so I want to make sure you are on this list
 on top of that every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things
 you can get for free only through my texting platform so what you need to do right now is
 play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time that's 208-231-3797 I can't wait to hear from you right now
