 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome to a very special impromptu marketing secrets podcast
 It's got an inter-circle call and it was so awesome. I wanted to share with you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 So I'm on an inter-circle call inter-circle are my 25k members and there's a hundred of them
 And we have a group closed a hundred people and one of my so every once a month
 I do console calls with all of them and one of them today was with Myron Golden who is one of the coolest people in the world and
 in the middle of this thing he dropped like 10 12 minutes of
 The coolest thing about how income and the different levels of income and like it was so good
 I I want to share so that after you hit he ripped on it for like 15 minutes
 I was like can I put that on the podcast and he was like sure man, so I'm like ah so anyway
 I'm doing this really quick for a jump on the next call
 I'm gonna just plug this clip in here. Let's hope you understand
 The levels of income if you're stuck and where you need to shift and like what those changes are for you to get to where you want to be
 From income from finance standpoint, and it's awesome
 So listen right now and I hope you enjoyed this episode of the marketing secrets podcast
 There's a reason people who make a lot of money make a lot of money
 There's a reason people who make a little money make a little money and it's because
 income is the result of value created and offered in the marketplace, right? So value is what creates income and
 There are four levels of value and if you're operating on one of the lower levels
 You can only make so much money, right?
 So the and I'll just tell you what the four levels of value are so you can kind of wrap your mind the rat
 You're there four of that there are four levels, but there are five resources the top level of value
 You have two resources you can use so every level has one resource the top level has two resources
 So the lowest level of value is implementation. That's the lowest level of value
 That is the people who do the thing
 So if you do the thing you're the person who does the thing you make the least amount of money and I basically tell people in the
 presentation if you're an implementer, I know how much money you make somewhere between minimum wage and
 $80,000 a year make minimum wage if you're like working as housekeeping staff at a hotel or McDonald's or whatever
 You make 80,000 a year if you're like a mechanic or some role-sources or bitlays or something, right?
 So that's your income window and then the next level of value
 And by the way the resource that you use at that level is your muscles. You're muscles to make money by the way
 I shouldn't show that on camera, but it's your protection
 Anyway, anyway, pardon my corn. I'm a cornie dude. What can I say? So
 So so the the resource you use your muscles to make money and
 The whole premise of the concept is that money is spiritual in nature. It is not materialistic in nature
 Right and so if you're using a physical resource like your muscles to make money
 Then your income is going to be limited if you want to make more money
 You have to operate at a higher spiritual bag a higher spiritual level. Does that make sense so far?
 Okay, so the next level of value, which is the second to the lowest the two resources there are muscle and what was the other resource?
 There's only one resource at that level. Got you a muscle right the top level has multiple resources the bottom levels only have one
 That makes sense. Okay, so the lowest level is implementation the second to the lowest level is called unification
 that is you use your man the resources your management skills you use your management skills to make money and
 You don't do the thing, but you manage the people who do the thing
 And so you make more money than the people who do the thing
 But you still have a limited income you're gonna make somewhere on the low end between
 $40,000 a year on the high end a quarter of a million
 40,000 if you're a manager at Taco Bell high end quarter of a million
 You're a middle manager vice president something at Lockheed Martin. Let's say okay
 So that's your income window. You want to make more money than that like working harder in the same level doesn't make you mama, right?
 So the next level is called
 Communication it's the second to the highest level of value
 Communicators are some of the highest paid people in the world. I'm not talking about people who communicate a message from their head to somebody else's head
 But a people who communicate a message from their heart to somebody else's heart
 They can make they use their words to make people feel something you know exactly what that looks like because you do it all the time
 Right so so you're communicating a message when you use your mouth to make money on the low end
 You're gonna make a hundred grand on a high end you might make a hundred million low end hundred grand
 You sell cars you make a hundred thousand dollars a year higher hundred million. You're an actor. You're an a-list actor
 You might make a hundred million dollars a year. You're Robert Downey Jr. You're a you're a
 Vinzel Washington you're an a-list actor. You're a singer. You're an a-list singer. You produce albums
 You're a Jay Z. You're an usher. You are a Beyonce. You're communicating. You're either an author you're a speaker
 You're an actor you're a songwriter. You're a playwright
 You're a salesperson you you you launch this business called click fun
 Even though you don't know how to program but you know how to communicate the message hashtag just say it okay
 So has that just say so communication is the second highest level of value and people who don't get really good at communicating can make a
 Lot of money people who resist communicating and if I might quote a friend of mine who lives out in Boise, Idaho
 They just hate money
 So so communication is the second highest level of value and you use your mouth to make money
 That's the resource use your mouth and it almost doesn't even seem fair
 Of course fairs not in fairs not a real concept doesn't seem fair the people who talk make more money than people who move things and hammer nails
 And dig old but they do I these guys come out here and look at my roof today the guy told me
 He's been working for this roofing company for 40 something years and the skin was all leathery and he had like
 Sores on his head. Oh my goodness. It's so painful
 He uses the muscles to make money and he's been doing it for 40 years anyway
 So just thought about that just now
 It's like sometimes people will be physically diligent so they can maintain a state of
 Mental laziness, right? So they won't they won't work hard at learning a new thing, but they'll work hard at doing what's already not working
 So anyway, so that's the kind of the progression I'm taking people to right and the highest level of value
 Are you ready drumroll, please?
 Okay, highest level of value is imagination use your mind to make money
 That's one of the resources is your mind the other resource you use with your imagination to make money is money
 So those are the two resources you use your mind to make money with like
 Are there people who make money trading stocks and options and commodities and all that stuff are the people who do that?
 Yeah, absolutely right. Well, are there people who lose money doing the same thing? Yeah
 What's the difference the difference is how they use their mind?
 So your mind is your greatest resource for
 Creating wealth, but most people we've been programmed our whole life not to think right and most people don't think they think they think so
 They just think they think so what they really do is they're really they're really regurgitating
 Preprogrammed responses that were programmed to them while they're plugged into the matrix and they think they're having a thought and so
 Mind over money mastery is a program where I teach you how to use the three
 Highest level resources and the two highest levels of value. I teach you how to use your mouth mouth mastery
 I teach you mind mastery and I teach you money mastery. That's why it's called mind over money mastery
 So that's the that's the
 Thank you
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at experts secrets calm and book number two is called dot-com secrets
 And you get your free copy at dot-com secrets dot-com
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world.
 (applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
