 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. All right
 I got the next section from my final hiking line presentation. I want to share with you guys
 So our last episode I talked about the fines the five steps to find your voice and inside of that
 How you start creating and testing your own frameworks. So now I want to do
 this episode of a share
 The next step in the process was just like well now you have a framework
 How do you actually teach the framework in a way that people will remember?
 I'll move them and I hope them to to have success and so this is the episode
 This can teach you my framework on how to actually teach frameworks
 So I'm a cute theme song when we come back you'll be live with me at final hiking live 2020
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Now we're gonna move to the next framework which is my framework for teaching frameworks. Yes, give that
 okay, I'm teaching my framework for how to teach frameworks and
 This is one that's that I'm really excited about sharing with you guys
 This is one it took me a long time to figure out
 How to do this and what something that was like like somebody taught me was like times of time like this on stages
 Where I have an idea I have something big I want to share people I try to share it and like it hits
 And this kind of falls dead and I'm like ah that didn't work right and so
 Doing this for a long time. This is kind of the framework I developed and so I'm excited to share it with you guys
 Ken firstly understand I learned from Brendan Bouchard who spoke at last year's fun liking live
 In fact, I was I was at an event with him. It was a small mastermind group and we're all sitting there and
 The person hosting it was like hey Brendan you want to show everybody your seven day launch funnel
 Which you guys have me guys watch that last year fun liking live
 It's amazing, right? And he's like oh sure give me give me like 10 seconds
 I'll be ready he jumps up gets a whiteboard
 He's like okay and draws like four or five squares and circles angles. He's like okay boom
 He's like this is my framework for the seven day launch funnel and he said something
 Oh, and then he start teaching
 He's okay first step of the framework taught that second step and then people ask him questions and he get derailed
 And he come back keep going and someone else ask him a question gets derailed and sometimes I'm so sorry
 I keep asking questions. He said no don't worry about it
 You can understand the framework is your savior
 So the thing that saves you is you drift off your teachings like where do I go from here?
 Oh back to the framework
 I the framework keeps you in mind and make sure that what you're saying follows a process that other people can follow as well
 Okay, so it's important to have these frameworks as you're teaching as you're sharing as you're giving because everything you're doing from
 Again from the ads the videos are all following a framework. Okay. All right, so the first phase in the framework
 Okay, the first phase
 We're telling a framework is you have to explain the story about how you learned or you earned that thing
 Yes, that's the picture me with a black eye
 This is Nate Plone. He's got a made of potato gun DVD with me
 We're wrestling in practice one day and I took a shot and I shot with my head down
 Which is not good and I was punished my eye his knee
 Swell my eyes shut for a week about a hundred stitches there and it was a really cool thing. So I
 Just wanted to put that picture there because it's amazing. So
 Okay, so the first step that we're teaching a framework you have to tell the story about how you learned or you earned it
 Okay, I learned this the hard way a lot of times when I was learning this when I was when I was first kind of developing these ideas
 I would come and I would spend insane amounts of hours and time in my life like testing out a concept and figuring out
 I'm like figuring out a funnel works that come to an event like this
 I'm so excited to share it like you guys. This is how it works. I share out works. They're ever sitting there like
 Okay, I'm like what did you not get it like let me explain again?
 I showed the process like yeah, no, we heard the process like that. That's good
 Thank you like no like do you understand like what I had to go through to get this and like no, I don't understand and I felt like if you
 ever if you guys read the
 New Testament when Christ talks about not throwing your pearls before swine like I felt like that
 I was like I spent so much time learning and figuring out this thing and I gave it to you and you're like
 Oh cool
 But you don't understand what I went through to learn that or to earn it
 And so I remember at one event particularly
 I was sharing something three or four times
 I got so mad so frustrated that nobody was getting what I was trying to share with them
 I said look let me explain you exactly how to go through to get this
 I said I went this I told this whole horrible story about at the time and the effort and the stress and the and how much money
 I put it to learn this thing and I said oh you get that and then I went and I shared the thing again and people like oh my gosh
 That was amazing
 It's like interesting. I taught the exact same thing. The only difference is that here
 I put them through a pre framework explained how I learned where I earned it the story
 Provided value to the framework if I just give you a framework. I go thanks
 Like if I just hand you the perfect web around me
 This is the perfect web around framework. You should go to the web around the strike. Okay. Thanks
 But if I talked to you about I spent 10 years on stages like this
 Okay doing pitches where nobody ran the back room
 I got embarrassed time after time after time going on the road spinning my own money screaming away and
 Sitting in the background watching speaker after speaker taking notes and what they did and how they did it
 How they spoke where they moved what they did like and I studied that spent 10 years of my life and based on that
 I built the framework that anybody can follow all sooner like oh my gosh like I need that framework
 Okay, if the first step you're teaching any framework because you have to tell the story about how you learned or you earned it
 If not the audience will not value it
 Step more one again. So without the story nobody will buy into the strategy
 Okay, so phase number two now I'm going to move into strategy without the story nobody will care about the strategy
 Okay, now phase number two. This is where I teach the strategy
 Okay, and people get confused times during strategy and tactics strategies like the overarching view like
 If I'm from a whiteboard I'm like here's the step one two three like that's the strategy, right?
 Okay, and people have to understand the strategy because they don't understand the strategy. They're not going to pay attention to get to the tactics
 Okay, so if I was gonna go to war if I just come into to to a big you know into my arm and my cake
 I need you guys to go over here start kill people you guys go here
 We're gonna attack everyone like I want you to go this way and this way and they're like why I'm like just do it
 Like this like just trust me go and like I don't think you know what you're talking about right?
 Because I just gained the tactics here's tactic. We're gonna do it if I come in say kids. This is the strategy
 This is a game time. Let me explain I explain all game plan like oh my gosh that is brilliant now anything
 I tell them tactically they're gonna do because they understand where they're going that makes sense
 Okay, so after I tell them how they learned or I earned it then I transition now to the strategy
 Here's here's is exactly what you need to do and I walk through the process
 Okay, a lot of times my strategy are like here's five steps. Here's my doodle. Here's the step-by-step process
 They see from a high level view they see the strategy. Okay now if they buy into the strategy things my next slide
 Yeah, cuz without the strategy no one's gonna buy into the tactics
 Okay, so I tell the story to provide value of the strategy then I tell this the strategy they buy into that now
 It's like now I can get into the tactics
 Okay, so if you if I go back one slide if the strategy is what I would put on a whiteboard then it's the tactics or what I would put in a
 Trello board
 Okay, all right. Here's all the steps step one step two step three step four step five
 Here's all the process here's all the things you have to do to get that step of the of the strategy done
 Here's all the tactics. Okay, so I share the tactics next
 Okay, that's all the to-dos all the things all the pieces they had you did to achieve that thing
 Okay, and then the last phase we share case studies without a case study
 They may believe that thing is possible for for you
 They're not gonna leave as possible for them. So in phase number four then we give social proof and we share the strategy
 Okay, so here is the actual strategy or excuse me. This is the case today of other people applying this framework
 Okay, let me go back to my slides. I'm gonna show you guys the
 The overarching one again oops too far
 Okay, so this is how I teach my frameworks. Okay again number one
 I turn the story of how I learned or I earned it number two the strategy about what it is number three the tactics about how and
 Number four the social proof examples. Okay, and that's how I teach all my frameworks
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel way from something some you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 So you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy
 Help you understand the tactics hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go online and go to one funnel way calm
 That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge there's a challenge starting in the next few days
 So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC]
