 Those people who are here who've been in Internet marketing,
 they've been trying these things, they've been struggling.
 I can't understand, there's this opportunity that even this
 isn't your end goal, maybe someday you want to write a book
 and you want to be an expert, you want to launch an e-commerce
 brand, maybe a big vision for something else.
 This is something you can do today.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, everyone.
 My name is Russell Brunson.
 I want to welcome you back to the marketing secret show.
 I'm here today with two special guests
 to talk about something that I am so excited about,
 one of the biggest opportunities I think I've ever seen
 in the Internet marketing world.
 It's something that literally was under my nose for years.
 I didn't even see it.
 In fact, I openly mocked it in front of thousands of people
 and it wasn't until two of my friends who are our guests
 here today showed me a way to look at it differently
 that changed everything.
 In fact, it was so exciting for me that I literally wrote them
 and checked for $25,000.
 They do this for my business today, which was really cool.
 But then they did it for pretty much almost every other
 influencer industry over and over and over again.
 And after seeing how easy it was to sell me and other people,
 I was like, oh my gosh.
 This is not something that I want.
 Everyone wants this.
 And I started talking to them like,
 this is becoming a business for you guys.
 And I said, yeah, in fact, not only
 we sold it to all the influencers,
 we're selling these to local businesses.
 And they started showing me the numbers and the stats.
 And I was like, this is one of the greatest opportunities,
 I think, that are happening in the marketplace today.
 And nobody knows about it.
 Nobody's talking about it.
 So I've got them on the podcast today
 to talk about it, to show what the opportunity is,
 the loophole they found, how it fits into anybody
 who's doing any kind of online marketing
 and who's a business owner.
 It's a loophole that has been sitting under all of our noses
 for the last four or five years.
 And it's here today.
 You guys know what it is.
 And after you understand it, a couple of things.
 Number one, if you're a business owner,
 you can apply this to your business
 and you're going to see dramatically increase in sales,
 which is cool for the business owners.
 For those who don't have the business yet,
 or you're trying to figure out,
 what's your big opportunity there?
 What's the thing you could be using?
 They're going to show you guys how they,
 you can literally take this principle.
 You're going to learn about it on the podcast episode.
 Turn it into an agency.
 And they're going to show you how it all works.
 And you can start doing this for other influencers,
 for business owners, for authors, for local companies.
 And it literally can become a business overnight.
 And that's what I'm excited for.
 So that's what I'm going to be talking about.
 These guys have done it.
 They've proven it.
 And they're here today to kind of talk about it.
 And so with that said, I want to introduce
 our two guests to the show.
 Mike and AJ, welcome you guys to the marketing secret show.
 How are you guys feeling today?
 - Feeling great.
 Thanks for having us.
 - Heck yeah.
 I'm excited for this.
 Again, because I'm a customer of this,
 I'm someone who's been using it.
 I've seen the benefits of it.
 But I think more importantly, for me,
 the reason why I'm excited to have this on the podcast
 is because there's so many people right now
 who they love learning about marketing and business.
 But they haven't figured out how to make money yet.
 And I think this is a tool for the business owners to use,
 but even more so, for people who don't have their own thing yet.
 They're looking for an opportunity.
 This is an amazing opportunity to start a business.
 Doesn't take a ton of money to get started out the gate.
 And you can start generating money pretty quickly
 when you understand these principles.
 And so, but to begin with, I want to talk,
 we need to explain the concept.
 And I'm going to tell you guys what the word is,
 but they're going to explain exactly what this means.
 The word we're going to talk about today
 is this concept and this principle called a funnel hub.
 And so, because you may have heard this,
 if you've been funnel hacking live,
 they've spoken twice the funnel hacking live about this,
 is how excited I am about it.
 I think you're the only speakers to speak twice on a topic ever.
 And so, but I want people who don't know what a funnel hub is
 yet to understand kind of the origin of how you found it.
 And I know we have a funny story to share as well,
 because I know you guys are very scared to present it to me,
 because I kind of make fun of websites pretty publicly.
 And this is, it's not a website.
 I think some people are going to think it is,
 but I want them to understand what a funnel hub is
 and how it's different.
 So, to begin with, how do you just come up with this idea?
 Again, this is something that's been sitting underneath
 all of our noses.
 Nobody even saw it until you guys discovered it.
 I'd love to hear the story about how you just figured out
 what a funnel hub was.
 - Yeah, so when we joined your inner circle,
 we showed up to an event here in Boise,
 and we were really nervous.
 We kind of got there earlier than we probably should have,
 and we were the first ones there.
 The room had been set up the night before.
 The name cards were on the table.
 We sat down at the table and kind of with time on our hands,
 and what I think anybody with access to the internet
 would do in that situation as we started Googling names.
 Like, who are these people?
 Like, we were nervous to meet you.
 We didn't know, like, the kinds of people in the room.
 - And those two little inner circle,
 it's not, it's an expensive program.
 People spend nowadays, it's $50,000 a year
 to be in the program.
 It's like, the people in the room, like, yeah,
 it's definitely intimidating room of people
 who are doing big things.
 - Yeah, we certainly, we wanted to be there.
 We weren't sure if we were like at the caliber level
 and all that, and so all those feelings
 that go along with it.
 So, we started doing a bunch of searches.
 - Yeah, absolutely.
 What we found was just crazy.
 Half the time we couldn't find anything about them,
 and I'm like, how the heck are these guys
 that are going to be in here when they have no digital footprint?
 Or sometimes I would find someone that shared their name
 or something different, or sometimes I would think,
 okay, that's what these guys do,
 but then they'd go on stage and speak about something totally different.
 Sometimes I know it wasn't supposed to find.
 It was like, the application for their $25,000 mastermind
 when I just find a figure out what they do.
 - You're seeing what they do.
 - Yeah, what they do.
 And so, we knew there was a band.
 If there's got to be other people
 that are searching for these guys too.
 - In fact, it was just, you guys, one of the funny,
 one of the inner circle meetings,
 you guys actually showed the search results
 for big time in the inner marketers, including me, right?
 - Yep.
 - And assuming we pull this slide up,
 these are the people that were in the room, right?
 - Absolutely.
 - Absolutely.
 - Absolutely.
 - Absolutely.
 - Absolutely.
 - Absolutely.
 - Absolutely.
 - Absolutely.
 - Absolutely.
 - And it's crazy.
 There's some people that were like 34,000 searches a year,
 there's some people that were like 150.
 There's one person that had over a million branded searches for years.
 This is not like organic terms.
 This is like their name, their company name, their course name.
 People specifically looking for them, right?
 And they're having the same experience that I was having.
 I'm like, there's a big problem here.
 - So, you know, there's a million people
 that have nothing there.
 - The room got really quiet after that.
 Everyone started to go there.
 - No, no, no, no.
 - Which one am I?
 - That's a good question.
 - Interesting.
 So, that's what's crazy.
 And I think, especially someone like me, I'm a business model.
 I've built a big company, but I primarily do it with paid ads, right?
 That's like the mindset I've been drilled in my entire career.
 And I think, in fact, this is an image that you guys showed me,
 but it illustrates perfectly the way that I looked at the world,
 right?
 I think that tons of business owners do.
 It looks like this, right?
 Hope on the slides here.
 So, how conversions happen?
 We have traffic.
 So, we go to Facebook or Google or YouTube.
 We buy ads.
 It goes to a funnel.
 People come on and they either go to webinar or a sales letter or video or whatever.
 - Yeah.
 - And then they buy your product and three or four percent people buy it like you're rich,
 right?
 That's our mindset.
 That's how it works.
 And I was always really happy about this until you guys popped our bubble.
 Do you want to explain what else has happened?
 Because I think this is the tip of the iceberg.
 Like, the people most likely to buy do the four percent or whatever.
 But then, obviously, 96 don't.
 Like, what happens to the 96 percent of people?
 - Yeah.
 If you think about those people, like some of them are getting to that point.
 They're pulling out their credit card and they're saying, man, I just met this person on Facebook
 an hour ago, right?
 Now I'm about to give them $2,000.
 Maybe actually go online and do a little bit more due diligence, right?
 And see if they are who they say they are.
 If, you know, there's other case studies, there's other social proof that, you know, shows me
 that I should be buying this.
 Really, they're just trying to inform their buying decision, right?
 And they're happy whether it goes either way, whether they find something that tells them,
 oh, this is a scam.
 I knew it.
 And I'm smarter than that.
 They're like, yes, this is the solution I've been looking for, right?
 - That was me.
 I all the time go to Amazon and I'm trying to find something.
 I'll find it and then I'll look.
 First thing I see, oh, I want this, I think.
 And then I go and look at the reviews.
 And I don't know if you guys just say, maybe it's just me, but I was looking at the worst
 review first, and like the worst review, like, talks me out of my own.
 Never mind.
 But if I can't find a bad review or I only see good reviews, then I usually end up buying.
 And so I think that same thing is like someone that Google is your name and it's like, whatever
 they see is going to decide what they're going to buy or not, right?
 - Yeah, it's a huge influence over that.
 And so I'm looking for what it is that some stranger's opinion that's now becoming my opinion,
 that's literally keeping that credit card in my pocket or allowing me to take it out.
 - Yeah, we came up with this concept that we call the trust tipping point, right?
 And what we realized is like for every single sales transaction that happens, there's this
 point where you've overcome their skepticism and built enough trust for them to buy, right?
 And so that's when somebody's, you know, their desire to buy something turns into absolute
 certainty and they know that they want it.
 And so when we're looking at a webinar, a lot of times with what you've done with a perfect webinar,
 they get to that point, right?
 Sometimes they get there really fast and they're saying, just send me the buy link.
 You know, I'm ready to buy, right?
 You're not even done yet.
 Other times you're all the way to the end, they're still hanging out.
 You've gotten no more content and you're like, "You're going to buy this thing or not," right?
 And so what happens when you hit end on that webinar?
 Well, now they go online and they start searching and they're building a case trying to figure
 out, "Should I buy this thing or not?"
 And so we knew we wanted to have something there that was going to give us another shot, right,
 to allow us to like throw rocks at them because they're on the fence and we're trying to knock them over, right?
 - It was crazy.
 It's not even happening at the end of the webinar.
 I guess happening during it.
 The first time I realized this was when we launched the webinar, the Bill ClickFunnels, and in the video,
 I show a video clip of Drew Canole and telling his story.
 And it's crazy because I would watch the video clip and play the video clip and I'm reading the comments
 to make sure people are engaged and paying attention.
 I see people who are literally their Googling Drew's name and they come back like, "Oh, Drew sells this."
 Or, "Here's this photo.
 I think I found it.
 Is this the photo Russell Bill?"
 They're finding these things and bringing it back and I'm like, "Oh my gosh, this is happening in real time."
 Every time you're sharing a story or a case study or you're doing anything, they're out there searching these things
 to see if you're legit or not.
 And if their finding's not good, they're bouncing, they're not staying until the end, they're going to be bringing it back to the
 comments of the webinar and sharing with everybody else and like, soiling everybody.
 And so if you don't take control of that, now I'm pitching it for you guys.
 You have to take control of it, right?
 If you don't take control of it, it's scary what people are potentially finding going out there.
 Yeah, it drives me nuts when people are like, "Oh, this webinar's not working anymore.
 Facebook has not been working anymore.
 I don't think it's that at all.
 I just think that people are becoming more skeptic about different things, right?
 And you have to overcome that skepticism.
 And if people are doing this search and they're not finding anything, of course they're not going to buy it.
 Right?
 So you guys came to this concept, right?
 And you looked at this, "Okay, this is the principle."
 But then you took the next step, right?
 Like you didn't just like, "Okay, cool."
 And leave, you took this and you started, I know you specifically went to one of our Inner Circle members, Stephen Larson, who, you know, in our community, everyone loves Stephen.
 And you did the first case study with him.
 Before you told me or anybody, I love to hear about that case today.
 What happened with him?
 Why did you pick him out of everybody and what were the results afterwards?
 Sure.
 I mean, we knew that we needed to test the strategy behind this to figure out what was going to happen there
 before we could see if there was a business opportunity that also followed.
 Unfortunately, we found that too.
 But with Stephen, when we did a search for Stephen's name, what came up was not him.
 There was a psychologist, author, a very prominent Stephen Larson with the same name.
 And some of you guys have that problem.
 You're listening to, like, "Yeah, there's that person who's got my name and I cannot rank them as a moral."
 No doubt.
 Yeah.
 And so we knew that that was a pain point for him.
 You know, and something where we said, "Hey, listen, we want to test this idea with you."
 And what was really cool is that once we launched this funnel hub, like all the dots kind of got connected between this funnel hub.
 We got connected between this funnel, between the social profiles, all the content he's publishing online.
 And there was, like, a switch that flipped inside of Google that now they understood these things all belong together.
 And now, instead of showing the author, now Stephen Larson, our Stephen Larson was showing up instead.
 Right.
 That was a huge surprise.
 We were just going to be happy with, like, that website coming up, number one, and us being able to, like, show more social resources.
 Yeah.
 But it pulled everything up and that flip-flopped in, like, overnight, right?
 And we're like, "Man, we have an opportunity here where we can control the whole first page of Google, right?
 And when you have that type of control, guess what?
 You get to control the sentiment of what people feel when they search for your brand.
 Yeah.
 We used to call that conversation domination.
 How do you make it where you dominate the entire conversation?
 All 10 spots on people are all youth.
 And when people are, like, trying to enter this conversation, it's like, you're controlling that conversation.
 Now, you did it with Stephen, and it's funny because I remember at the time, he, I don't know if you guys set him up, but he was, like, kind of warming me up.
 He's like, "Oh, yeah, Mike and Adrian are doing this thing for me.
 It's really cool."
 And, like, it's not a website, but it's just a really cool thing.
 I'm like, "Why would you tell me it's not a website?"
 Right?
 Like, that was that.
 He led it with it, and I was like, "Okay."
 He never showed me, he just kind of told me you guys were doing something.
 And I know eventually you guys came and pitched me, but I know that we joke about this now, but I know you guys had fear behind it.
 And I'd love for other people to understand why you guys, you know, folks who don't know me or anything, why are we out friends about telling me about this principle that's going to make me tons more money?
 Well, we were sitting at a Funnel Hacking Live event, and you were premiering a Carmen Brothers ad commercial, whatever.
 And the main premise, the main premise of this thing was the death of a website.
 And there's a scene where there's a coffin laid out with a website and a funeral happening, and you told all of us in the audience, I think you were livestreaming it, too.
 You're like, "Everybody, I need you to use the hashtag, like, websites are dead."
 And, like, for those that don't know us, like, in 2003, we launched our web and digital marketing agency for local clients.
 And I turned to him, like, "We can't do that."
 Like, "Don't post that."
 Like, we're our teams there.
 We're like, "You guys know we're not supposed to call a person saying right."
 And they're like, "Yeah, I'm like, we literally just sold websites yesterday to people who would not be very happy to hear us now, but I mean the death of websites."
 And so we were, like, when we stumbled on a strategy that uses the same underlying principles of websites, we were super nervous to be like, "Is he just going to, like, kick out of the air?"
 I told him back and forth, I'm like, "Should we really tell about it?"
 We show him, like, a clip of that commercial, so you see just, like, why they may have been a little nervous.
 Well, this show has the first, like, 10 or 15 seconds of this, but this was, um, this is, oh, and there's Stephen's photo hub right there.
 But this is the, uh, the actual video I'll show you guys real quick.
 We're gathered here today to celebrate the death of your website! See you!
 Congratulations.
 So happy for your loss?
 Oh, my website's not dead.
 It might as well be. It's a deadbeat that never makes you any money.
 Amen!
 Okay, so that's, she has up context. That's why they were nervous about pitching me, because that was literally, um, the, you know, the premise of our whole ad campaigns.
 Websites are dead. Now, this nice thing is that you guys didn't come to me and say, "We have a website. You guys have a different name."
 But there's different strategies. Like, I want people to understand, like, this is not a website, because somebody write, "This is a website."
 Like, it looks like a website. I think on the outside, by the way, it functions inside the strategy. All this stuff's different.
 We explain really quickly, kind of, like, the strategy behind us, people understand why this thing that you built for Stephen is not an actual website.
 Right. I mean, the number one job of a funnel hub is to take that attention, help them overcome that trust timing point, and get them back into the sales funnel.
 And that's where most traditional websites fail, right? Just because the funnel is a, the number one place to convert a lead into a paying customer doesn't mean that a website isn't somehow a part of that journey.
 And what we found is, like, really inside of this, inside this book right here. You know, it's inside of experts secrets.
 We're not that book's a genius. Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But seriously, like, all of the instructions of how, what to put inside of a funnel hub are already inside of this thing.
 And if something where I find that people will go, anybody who's read this has gone through it, and I was guilty of it for a while, is I do the exercises, and where do they end up?
 Google Drive. You're in my Google Drive. Right. And that's for you, but your customers never actually see the benefit of it.
 Yeah. Yeah. So being able to actually extract the lessons out of here, we've kind of mapped this to, to the funnel hub.
 I mean, the funnel hub at the end of the day is a very specific content strategy to get this information out of this book and into the people's mind, help them overcome that trust timing point.
 Yeah. If you think about, like, just one example, you know, think about the about us page on a traditional website.
 It sucks, right? Like, it's pretty bad. It's the middle of the company.
 Exactly. No, it's really that. Right. But if we take the strategies that you've taught us about how to demonstrate yourself as an attractive character or charismatic leader, all of a sudden that page changes, right?
 And we're feeling something different, right? And so that's essentially what we've done with every page on the traditional site.
 It said, how can we take Russell's big brain that he put in here and put it onto the website, right, in a way that's going to persuade people to actually take the actions that they want and then check off their boxes so that we can set them back to the funnels where we know the magic happens.
 Yeah. It's so powerful. You look at Stephen's page and you go here and instead of, again, the power we page stuff like that, but it's talking about him as a person and why they should trust him and it's showing, like, his movement he's creating and it's talking about, you know, what's going on.
 It's like, it's like a, it's like a sales letter. It's like a, it's more in a sales letter. It's building that rapport instantly with somebody where someone's watching webinar.
 And I trust this guy at Google, and this pops up. Now you watch it. Oh my gosh, I understand his mission now. I understand people. Like, it's not just me. There's other people in the community.
 And like, this is something that I'm going to be part of, right? And then like, also, you see, like, you mentioned this earlier, but I want people to understand this. Like, one of my favorite parts about a funnel hub is like, for me, I have more funnels than probably any human on this planet.
 If not, there's a reason, you know, I got to build more. But people would find, like, people would, like, hear my name or something. They Google my name and they find, yeah, like, my high ticket, inner circle, which is $50,000 a year, or my category means $150,000 a year. And they're like, what? And they leave, right?
 Versus like, this gives people the ability to come there and it's like, Hey, here's Russell's first thing. Like, go get on his email list. And then from here, we're taking to do the one funnel way challenge.
 And then you're going to get this book and like, it takes, it helps put people in a strategic step by step process that takes them on their journey. As you, I mean, I'm pitching the fiber firm. And I'm saying, like, it, that's the one of my favorite things about the funnel hub as well.
 Yeah, that was really clear to us. And, you know, at one point, you published your value ladder to the whole community. You're like, here are all the things, the steps of things you can buy. And I think for us, that click, we're like, that makes sense. Like, yes, there is a choreographed step that most people go through.
 But we, the funnel hub needs to meet that person where they're at and get them where they're going. And for some of those people, it is that $50,000 mastermind, right? Because there are people in our world that come and come in, download the front.
 And then download the free lead magnet off on the phone and then buy the big thing. Those people exist. We've seen it happen again and again. But then there's everyone else who is needing a step by step. So that's really designed to get them where they're going and allowing you to shape the influence of how that journey progresses.
 So cool. Now, why don't you guys tell the story? So this is my, this is my fair part. Cause I was here for this part of it. You guys built it for Steven. He had success with it. And then you came and I don't know if you pitched it to me or what the, tell me the story behind that because this was a fascinating thing.
 And the result of the thing afterwards were cool too. Yeah. The intention was not to pitch for us at all. Yeah. It was like our annual decade and day coaching session for that we got within our circle, right? And we were really looking at value to idea because we want to know if this had legs and if this should be our focus for the next year.
 And so we just wanted to share it with you and hopefully you thought it was a good idea. And we got the ultimate validation.
 Yeah. So we were, we were, we were, we were three slides into the presentation and you said, you're like, I got to stop you guys right now. My heart starts like,
 I was like, I guess he's a dad. You know, and you said, what he said instead was like, I don't know really where you guys are taking this, but I already want to give you money.
 Is this really quick? Yeah. I already want to give you guys money for something. I don't know what it is yet. But I'm feeling like, please take my credit card.
 Oh man. Also, I'm sorry. You're selling me something at the end of this.
 And I was like, we weren't even going to pitch him, but now I'm like, I'm like, I'm like picking him under the table.
 You can see the picture here. Yeah.
 Yeah. Like, definitely. Well, this is at the end where you like, you, you reach into your pocket. You pull that, you're like, you take my money.
 What was the simple? As simple as like, you showed the picture earlier in your circle. The first time I heard the story was here and you showed that. And I was like, as you're talking, Google, my own stuff. I'm like, crap, like I am.
 Like, we put hundreds of thousands of people a month through our webinars and our funnels and things like that. And like, and I realized that there's this leaky faucet where business is falling out.
 And so for me to give you a $25,000, if not, then you're just going, you pay a $25,000 funnel.
 Yeah. I pay $25,000 to leak, like to plug that hole up. I mean, I'm losing hundreds of thousands, not millions of dollars a month through this leaky hole.
 Like, yes, it's worth 25 grand for me to plug in the leaky home, right? Not, not even counting the benefit of like now I can use this as a tool to put all my, my value ladder together.
 My funnel is like organized and like all the other things like the other benefit, just like the money I was not going to lose now because of it was worth it out of the, out of the game.
 And so, yeah, that was the ultimate validation. And those who don't know, like, there's a joke here in my office. One of my designers who built my first website, every, every probably three or four months, he had to rebuild it over and over again.
 So I'm going to show you guys this is like, because I get it done and then it wouldn't do anything. And I think most people have a website.
 You're like, I do website like, like, here's, here's one we built. Like, Oh, there's a website and then they didn't do anything. And then like, okay, rebuild it.
 Maybe the design was wrong or the strike. So we did it again. Didn't work. Then we did it again. And like, I had literally, if you got a way back machine, there's probably 200.
 I would say, can sort of at least a dozen different versions of this. We kept doing and doing and doing the point where I just gave up and we stopped even doing websites as a whole, because they just didn't do anything for our, for our business.
 And so you guys kept me in pitch. I was constantly with Funnel Hub. And, and then you guys, you know, I gave you money. You went and your team went and build the whole thing.
 And I wish I could show you guys every single page in the funnel hub, those who were at home. But I just really just one quick picture. This was the first version of the funnel hub that came back.
 And it came boom, I had here pushed people my very first thing in the value ladder, which was the challenge. You got a chance to go see my books and like everything, everything sent off of this.
 And it became like my favorite thing. Like, every time we had a new idea, we'd plug it in here and like put in the pieces and plug in our community and like our charities and like everything became the central spot where like I felt like our business had this thing.
 In fact, moving forward, like any of the companies I build, and you guys know this, but for everyone else, like our new supplement company, step number one was we built the funnel hub first before Funnel Hub.
 Now, my new personal development brand, we're launching my new book on my day. First step was like we build the funnel up. These are the things now for me and my mindset. Like when I started business, I'm creating some new, this is step number one now.
 But it's also great when it's step number 12, when someone's got eight funnels or they've got a business, they have a website that's like mine that maybe look at what wasn't functionally doing the right things.
 It becomes it came step number one. So I think at this point, what I want to do because hopefully everyone who's watching you guys now see like this little funnel hub is we want to spend too much time on it because our goal is not to
 convince you as a funnel hub other than you need to believe in this principle because the bigger thing we're talking about today is the business opportunity behind this.
 Like for those of you who now understand this, like you understand something that nobody else, and there's maybe a dozen people that know what a funnel hub is today.
 You know, when I got into doing funnels a decade ago, I was in the same spot. There was a dozen people in the funnel.
 We made so much money because we're the only ones doing it right and 20, 30 years ago when the first people knew about websites it was the same thing and like this is like one of the hate.
 I hate this word because it sounds so cheesy, but like the whole ground floor opportunity like that's literally what this is like nobody knows if you walked down the street and asked 20 businesses what a funnel hub was there's not a single one that would know what the answer is.
 Even in our the ClickFunnels community like people don't know or if they do know they don't have one right. No one has many things and so it's so powerful.
 And I would love for you guys to kind of just after I got into it. I was like I'm like I'm in we did it and I had a great experience.
 I know you guys started going out and and and started selling these to other influencers businesses. I lived it.
 And I know we got screenshots some we're going to pull up but to tell some of these stories because I think when people understand like for me, you were three slides in and I was pulling out my wallet.
 That's that's not unique right it's happened a lot. So I love to talk about the opportunity that you guys went took in over that last year, year and half two years of your lives have been able to do with funnel hubs.
 But one of the coolest things was just like everybody has that aha moment right when they see those slides that we showed earlier and they just get it right like it makes sense and they know man like I'm losing money too right there's a hole in my marketing bucket and I want to like fill that
 and so I think a great example was Garrett White too they came to us and Garrett's funny because he you know he had no website up at all. He just had all of his funnels and he you know he had those like two hour salesy mentories and like there was one time where he opened up and you offer and it was for like 99 bucks which you know all of his other stuff was high ticket and I was really excited to share with my friends because like cool they could do something and scare me and have a common language and they're like well who is he and I was like trying to go online and find a spot that I could actually send them to and there's like no spot to send them to where there's this ads on me.
 Yeah I'm like this two hour salesy mentoring. Exactly. If they're watching two hour thing or go listen to the 50 podcast and you'll get it and it's like there's no place for him to land right so he was in desperate need of this and like when he came to us he's like I already tried building a website three or four times right.
 And he's like nobody can like take what's in here and put it out in a way that I want to actually launch. He's like I cancel these things halfway through. I'm going to give you guys a chance just because you worked on Russell's and I trust him a lot but I don't think you're going to do it right and so we're the first company that could actually launch a website for Garrett White but now there's a place where he can land where you can find out who he is without having to go through the whole sales process and funnel and so forth.
 Awesome she's Garrett's and who else comes more people. Krista Mayshor, Cashflow Tech. Here's Krista. So Krista spoke lashes for ranking live. What was the story about her because we'll talk about her businesses and why she won one as well.
 Yeah so Krista she's a real estate coach and what's really cool about her is she's a big believer in who not how right and when she went so fast right we saw her growth just like explode and she's like I just want to hire the right people that can put the right pieces in place for me and she saw that funnel hub as a huge spot to do that right because she's transitioning from being a realtor to now a coach so when you search for her everything is about her realtor career right and
 she's like I need to take a look at a new identity right I have a new identity as a coach now and I need people to see that right when they search there I don't want them to search and think I'm just another realtor right I'm not that I'm a coach and so a lot of times that's the case with these is that you know they're switching from something they've done a long time they're now going expert model or maybe they're just transitioning to different point in their career and they're trying to really come out with who they want to be now right and present that to the world for the first time and that's what's so cool about doing these because it's almost like it's their legacy you know there's different people in their world that know a small piece of their life but the funnel hub can tell that whole story the whole origin story communicate who they are what they believe in.
 How you can work with them and it's really just a whole package.
 So cool okay who else we got in here.
 I think people start to understand more more about who they are and how they want to present themselves right and so they were at a point where they finally kind of figured it out right they like tried so many different things and it wasn't working and when they came to us they just knew who they were they wanted to be that sort of be told online.
 Yeah there's one of my favorite ones you guys built like you go through the you click on the path the program as you see it's like so clear like it's almost like back in the day when we did work with Dan Kennedy he would do these big shock and awe packages like they're trying to get a client they build a huge box and they put together again all the stuff from here right there.
 Their story and their mission and their movement all these kind of things and they should just use shock and awe boxes out to them and this is for those who ever studied Dan Kennedy or the D. Kennedy world it's like a digital shock and awe package you're sending out somebody where it's like all the stuff you know here.
 In fact I used to get this question a lot on I'd be on podcast interviews people like the show is over like tell people where to go find you're like we're now it's like boom for me it's like go to marketing secrets.com you can find on myself or go to you know and there's a spot to go and I feel comfortable like they're going to find there's going to catch
 them and they're going to take care of them and get them where they need to go.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Cash will attack these who else we got here we got Joel Erwe here.
 Joel gets a ton of traffic from his podcast right he has very successful podcasts and that people just want that next step like where do I go right and there's no where to go or even have a place where you go where you're like told that whole story so that traffic he says like the highest quality traffic he wants to make sure they understand who he is but more importantly how they can work with them right.
 Joel's a great one all right who else we got here Brian Blaney.
 Brian's the same thing he's actually is interesting is Brian similar to me like Brian builds photos for people like this opportunity.
 This opportunity is under his nose forever and he never saw it either.
 I think the best opportunity is a lot of times come where it's like there's it's right there but nobody else sees it and someone else sees it and it's like which he has noticed that and all things like oh yeah so for people who are already building funnels for people like you know the funnel hub becomes
 an amazing opportunity because it makes so much sense and it's something they've already done the hard work of helping that client get a result.
 There's some rapport there so bringing that funnel hub to those existing clients that you build funnels for is a massive opportunity for sure.
 Okay we got a lot of you guys have so many good this is Allison Prince we all love Allison or for her who else we got here we got Annie Grace Annie's fascinating because she's gets so much PR she's on.
 She's on podcast she's on TV she's on.
 Will and Jada Smith show the other day like she's everywhere and it's tough like when you get traditional media you don't control any of that right people are literally like they see you on a TV show or on the radio or something and then they're they're googling you or your business whatever like you don't control that at all.
 Yeah it's the ultimate picture of like people are in so many different places when they come into your world and they weren't expecting even to see you.
 You know the funnel hub capturing that and getting them maybe it's just a lead magnet of something now we're taking that anonymous person who watched the night line segment and now that person's on our list like how powerful is that we can remark into those people or the person who is already in their community ready to move to that you know higher ticket.
 So many influencers they do so many things right and they don't think well I should put that on my website maybe I should put that somewhere people will see it but it's a huge credibility indicator right like I know Annie just had hundreds of different appearances she's had so like for somebody that just went through a webinar or something
 and they're like trying to validate her right like her credibility then I'm going to a wall of all the stuff she's been on.
 Exactly but before that was just sitting again in a Google Drive list links that she had put in there you know to save her later for I don't know when but like they should go somewhere where people can actually see it right.
 Yeah so cool so all these is fascinating because all those samples so far have been author speakers coaches and I think those are really fun to see but I think some people maybe watch this and that's cool but like I don't know any authors or any speakers and I'm nervous about that.
 And I know you guys have done so much business prior you know before you came in you know I started buying him and Garrett everybody started buying him.
 Yeah you guys your entire business was built as an agency helping local businesses and I would love to hear because you know maybe a dentist or chiropractic doctor not to spend $25,000 I spent on a funnel hub but they're still spending money on these things and they're using them.
 I'd love to hear you guys talk about just that principle of how these how fun hubs worked for like a traditional local business.
 And I think you hit on it a little bit earlier when you were talking about the fact that you kept on redesigning your website right because it just didn't it didn't click like there's something missing from that experience that made you want to do that over and over again.
 And I think that local businesses are the same way they build websites out of almost like an obligation I knew what's the course we got to do this right and so they find the cheapest most cost effective way to do that without really thinking about it because they don't see the power in what a really true
 you know a funnel hub can really bring to their business and so the the aha's that we have around the expert community and those influencers is a similar kind of epiphany that they have as well maybe less around the fact that you know the local business might not be running a webinar but they are doing a lot of other marketing that is ultimately driving eyeballs and traffic back to their business you know they're running bus bench ads they're doing the local you know local business mailers that are showing up into mailbox are doing so many things that promote their business and there's this marketing foundation that and for many local businesses is totally broken and missing and then they're wondering why
 I tried doing the mailers and they didn't work so mailers don't work right when that might not be true where the what that person is finding ultimately is telling a story about them that really needs to be on point to help that person bridge the gap from the point of interest that that mailer generated to the point where they're you know filling out the contact form picking up the phone showing up to business whatever that call the action is for that that local business brand you did mailers and he sent these mailers don't work like he sent me your mailers I got it and then I went to Google that type in his business name was crazy is he pulled up he was like the six spot
 is competitors at one two and three I said literally they're typing your business name in and your competitors are a number they make the mailers are working but they're driving traffic to your competitor right now when they see that it's like oh and when it comes to selling a local business on something like this like that's one of the most frustrating things for a local business to actually realize that the money that you are spending is actually creating business opportunity for the guy or gal that runs the competing business like that's like so frustrating and and it's what's actually happening yeah yeah so we so we knew like yes this is a no brainer for all the influencers that we were talking about and we said
 we should we got to share this back with our agency right with the local businesses because I think it'll be really helpful and it weren't just as well there you know the business owners were hungry for it then you they wanted something different and so we've had our team selling these locally in Tucson Arizona for you know local small businesses for all sorts of different businesses
 okay walk us through some of the business people get idea of just like the types of businesses need fun clubs because I know the answer you know the answer every business is a fun
 hub but but I want to just people understand like these these are real things for real businesses yeah this first one's a great example because you know this is the Haven they're a recovery center for drug abuse and addiction and you know if you think about what the traditional website might look like for a business like this it's you know here are the specific services bullet pointed out like very cold where the funnel hub kind of comes in and steps in is really communicating the message and the story behind the transformations that they make you know you can bet that the people running this organization deeply feel the cause and the mission that they're there to serve and the website they had before this did not translate that in one
 house all super cool hours exactly right those numbers exactly and so when when we're going through a process of sharing what this funnel hub is going to be for them like we're not doing anything mystical or crazy all we're doing is connecting the fact that we're actually be able to use the ideas inside of experts secrets to help them really communicate what that is and that is so powerful to them that is that is worth so much them to actually have something that really tells the story because they know that the more their story is out there the more that they can help more people and that's what they're there to do yeah awesome case another example here
 that mortgage yes this is a mortgage company and again like a lot of times these are all cold and they look exactly the same right so it's really easy to differentiate our clients from everybody else because we're actually cleaning a little bit of personality we're including a little bit more about them and you know I don't know when you're shopping for like a mortgage you want to work with a person right like you don't want to just fill out an app somewhere and then hope it comes back like you want to know that this person someone that you could work with someone that has your your same values and so just putting that front and center really helps there's a section here about veterans right something that they really care about so I'm sure that's like in the audience that they're trying to target and we're able to share the message about why that audience is important to them not just another app to try to get people to help them
 another app to try to get people to apply for it.
 - Very cool.
 I love it, here's another one, Jarvis.
 - This is Todd.
 He does wills and those kinds of things.
 And estate planning.
 And that's something that sounds pretty, you know,
 mechanical and boring to us outsiders.
 I know he absolutely loves it
 but there's really a big purpose for that.
 And being able to help people connect the dots
 and educate them about what it is that they do
 is really, really important.
 A lot of these local businesses,
 like they haven't been exposed to funnels yet.
 It's still relatively new for them.
 And so, when we first got into this
 and got introduced to you,
 we thought, well, you know,
 how do we go out and sell funnels to a local business?
 And we met a lot of resistance from local businesses
 because of the amount of education that we had
 to give them in order to,
 in order to get past that and convince them
 that they should do a webinar
 or this kind of funnel or that funnel.
 With the funnel hub, it's kind of like a,
 we're getting them into the ecosystem
 without them necessarily needing to know that just yet.
 And we're building this funnel hub for them
 because we bring everything into the world of expert secrets
 and then we're able to, you know, do things like
 give them a lead magnet, right?
 But we don't need to tell them what a lead magnet is
 or what it does.
 We include those things in there to start their world
 and start their journey into funnel building.
 And when they can start to see that, like,
 well, gosh, this thing that you built for us guys
 is not only selling the story,
 but it's actually generating leads
 and opportunities and things we can do.
 We didn't even really ask you to do that to be honest.
 Like, that was just like kind of the side benefit.
 Now this is opening up the conversation and say,
 okay, well, you know, we've had this funnel hub.
 We have this very basic funnels
 where we're collecting information from,
 from the community of people who are finding this.
 Now let's take it a step further.
 And now the resistance that we find with somebody
 to be able to bring them into that world is a lot,
 lot lower.
 And you guys don't even call them funnel hubs
 when you're talking to the local businesses, right?
 What do you guys call them instead?
 We call them marketing hubs.
 And, you know, it's been, initially we went out there
 and said, okay, let's go call them funnel hubs
 'cause that's what it is.
 But we just had too many questions that people say.
 And what's the funnel?
 Yeah, I started creating a lot of confusion.
 So we're like, let's just call it something different
 that they'd understand, right?
 And if you think about the words marketing hub,
 like they're all, they're all done some version
 of marketing, right?
 And they know that there's all these different pieces
 out there and in their mind, the mailers and, you know,
 the other traditional media that we're doing TV advertising,
 these are all these pieces that are out there that they,
 we can kind of reframe that for them,
 bringing them into, bringing all that together
 that really tells that story.
 And it helps them see how the marketing
 that they may already be doing can be more effective now.
 And that's really what that scratches that itch.
 It's interesting too because if you were to go give
 the expert secrets book to a chiropractor and be like,
 hey, read this book 'cause this is what you need.
 My guess is most of the,
 well, I'm not an expert, I'm a chiropractor.
 And you're like, yeah, but you have these experts,
 they don't understand it, you know?
 But they take it for granted, 100%.
 And it's interesting though, 'cause if you look at like,
 you know, in Boise, Idaho,
 we probably got a thousand chiropractors on the street, right?
 So like they're all competing against each other.
 And it's just like, like the thing that makes someone stand out
 are these principles, they don't understand it.
 So you come in and you take some of the principles,
 you sprinkle it in on their funnel hub
 or their marketing hub for them.
 And all of a sudden it's like, oh my gosh,
 now I stick out from those things.
 People know my story, I have this connection,
 like all these things that also you bring out to light.
 Makes you, makes them look like a rock star
 which makes you look like a rock star.
 And I don't know about you,
 but like the people that I do business with nowadays
 in my life are people I have relationships with.
 Like I'll drive past five naturopaths,
 you can mine naturopath 'cause he's awesome.
 And I love the guy and I know him,
 but I didn't know, I got to know him because
 this kind of thing, like I connect them on mine,
 I saw his videos, I saw his personality,
 I saw his family and make, that's the reason why I go to him.
 The reason why I go to my chiropractor,
 the reason I go to my dentist is because of that connection
 and these funnel hubs build that connection for them.
 And it's just, it's such a powerful opportunity for them.
 - Local businesses are real genuine good people.
 We've worked with so many of them.
 And the mistake that they make with their marketing
 is they don't open up and show the world who they are.
 And just that is a natural magnet that draws people in.
 And you can have one dentist and another one
 and they each have a different quality about them
 that can, if given the opportunity to show that,
 will attract to different people.
 And there's a lot of business out there
 for these local businesses to be had
 and you can attract to people that you want.
 And why these things sell so easily in comparison
 to like trying to pitch someone on sale website
 is that we're just helping them tap into something
 they already know is true.
 They already know why they're good.
 Like my dentist knows why he's good.
 He, and he knows why the competitor's not good.
 - And we're giving it to you if you ask that.
 - He will, absolutely.
 - And up until now, it hasn't been okay for him
 to share that in his marketing message.
 And we're making that an okay thing.
 We're not like dogging on the competitor necessarily.
 It's that we're shining a bright light
 on their qualities that make them who they are.
 And then at the same time acknowledging
 what makes the competitor difficult to work with.
 - Yeah, once they understand that's possible,
 it's like the sale's so easy, right?
 Because all of the other proposals they have are like,
 "Oh, you want a website? Five grand.
 You want a website, six grand?"
 You know, there's nothing more.
 When we start to share some of these principles
 and the things we're gonna include,
 it makes it a no-brainer for them.
 And how many times do we hear this?
 So we're like, "You're the most expensive option, and we're still going with you."
 That's what I know, they're totally bought into the idea.
 - How much would someone spend on a local business?
 Not an expert or an entrepreneur, or whatever, like a local business.
 What would they spend on a funnel hub?
 - Yeah, in our agency, we're at a minimum 15,000,
 and oftentimes more than that.
 But that doesn't mean that you have to sell them for that.
 You know, we work a lot with agencies,
 and even just being able to command $5,000 to $8,000 for a quote-unquote website
 would be a major transformation for a lot of agencies
 that we know are undercharging and over delivering
 to put the services up there.
 - For somebody who's just getting started,
 think about it, you're learning the skill set.
 You know how to build one, and maybe you charge $500 or $1,000,
 and you do it.
 For some people, that's a life-changing type thing,
 and then you get better, and then next time you charge $1,000,
 then $1,500, then $2,000.
 Eventually, you get a point where, "Man, my skill set."
 When I started coaching people, I couldn't charge what I do nowadays,
 because I was just good at getting better and better,
 and by doing it, and so it's like, it's powerful.
 - There's a progression for sure, and that's the way with the people that we coach as well.
 Some of them just start now,
 they're not gonna go out and charge $20,000 for it, right?
 They're gonna charge $3,000, $4,000, $5,000,
 the ones that have been in business for a while, like us, they know,
 "Wow, this is more value than I've been providing before."
 I'm gonna go out with $20, right?
 So we have some examples we'll share with you about 10 a minute here.
 - Very cool.
 All right, so show us a couple more really quick,
 just local examples so people can see that this works for all types of businesses.
 We got state planning here, who else we got?
 - This is a business association,
 so this is like an organization of other local small businesses
 that saw the value and put some like this together.
 - Oh, very cool.
 Okay, there we go.
 Here's another one.
 This is for a company that does financial advising.
 - And here's another one.
 - And this is a skincare company.
 - Oh, it's awesome.
 So now you guys have been doing this, like, for as long as you've been doing it,
 like, any types of businesses that don't need a funnel hub,
 like that's the big question.
 - I mean, there's really no limit to this.
 Like, if a business is in the business of helping clients with
 achieve a result, right?
 Like, there's local businesses that are like at home services,
 there's manufacturing, like, every business has a story to tell.
 Every business has unique selling points.
 Every business has something that sets them apart from their competitors.
 And if that's an important piece for them to attract business,
 they need a funnel hub.
 And that's why it's been so easy to sell.
 The number of opportunities out there and people you could talk to you about this
 is really endless.
 We've not seen the end of it.
 - We think about it too.
 I don't know how many tens of millions of businesses are in America.
 And right now, you guys sell funnel hubs.
 And there's a couple more people we're gonna talk about in a minute,
 but that's it.
 There's not competition.
 - There's nobody out there, yeah.
 - There's, yeah, like,
 and local businesses are itching for something that is going to allow them to see
 better results from what they're doing.
 And that's why it's just so amazing.
 - Yeah, it's awesome.
 Okay, so my next question is, obviously you guys have done this.
 You're proof that this process works.
 You sold it to people like me, you've sold it to local businesses.
 But, you know, you guys have run agency for a long time.
 You understand this stuff.
 You had clientele, like, has anybody else besides you guys done this?
 Like, who else and how does it work for them?
 And I'd just love any details about other people who have seen this opportunity
 that you've had a chance to show it to them.
 - Yeah, so if you think the progression was, first we tested it,
 then we said, was there a business opportunity bringing it to you?
 And then the real ultimate test for us was, well, can we also show other people
 how to do that?
 Now, inside of our expert business agency coach,
 we coach a lot of different local web design digital marketing agencies.
 And we say, okay, guys, here's what happens.
 You know, here's the model.
 Here's who's bought it.
 Like, here's what we've been able to do with it.
 We, you guys, interested.
 And they were like, so excited.
 We held a private meeting with a bunch of people and said, hey,
 here's what it is.
 Here's how it works.
 And their eyes were just like big and wide.
 And so we have a couple examples of people that have actually taken this
 and also created opportunities for themselves as well.
 People can use that, can you tell us their stories?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, this is Nate.
 So Nate's been a business probably for a few years selling websites.
 And he was definitely totally undercharging.
 And he went out and felt really confident about it, went to a remodeling
 client of his and was able to sell them for 21,000, his very first shot.
 And that's exciting.
 Yeah, fun one looks awesome too.
 Very cool.
 So that's Nate.
 All right.
 Who else we got here?
 We've got Steve.
 He had a restaurant client that he sold a $5,000 funnel hub or marketing hub
 to this one of those things where it's like you think about what
 the local business owner typically is used to investing in websites, right?
 And in order for them to spend a good amount,
 they need to believe and see what the vision is.
 And so Steve was able to help them see what this thing was going to do
 and was able to charge more than his competitors were.
 Yeah.
 What's crazy about Steve is he didn't even build websites at all.
 All he sold was digital marketing services.
 So this was like the first website he even sold, and was able to sell it for 5K.
 To a restaurant?
 How many restaurants?
 I mean, think out.
 It just didn't like a two block radius of this studio right here.
 There's like 100 of them.
 And none of them have funnel hubs right now.
 More marketing hubs or anything.
 Like it's the opportunity to use.
 So Steve did it with restaurants who else got it.
 Eric?
 Yeah, this is Eric Dingler.
 So Eric, he was charging, I think, $2,500 for websites.
 Again, with this strategy, he felt a lot more confident about it.
 He knew he had something that was different.
 He was going to the owner's width.
 So he sold it to an auctioneer of all people for $1,800.
 So you're talking about does every industry need it?
 Like an auctioneer?
 An auctioneer.
 An auctioneer.
 An auctioneer.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So cool.
 All right.
 Any other industries out here?
 Oh, Joseph is an OGBYN.
 Yeah, so I mean, Joseph is a student of ours that we show this opportunity.
 He was already building websites.
 And there's a lot of bad websites out there.
 And so when he's able to bring a funnel hub and a marketing hub to a local business
 and show them exactly what it is that's going to help them communicate
 what it is that makes them different, the level of care that they offer their patients.
 That's something that really allows them to connect the dots between why they're investing
 in this website and this funnel hub for their business.
 So cool.
 So what I want people to understand is literally the market is right now anybody who has a
 business, which is everyone.
 And if they've got a website, that's actually a good thing because it's probably not doing
 anything for them.
 Like it's the biggest opportunity.
 And I said, earlier it's been sitting under all of our noses.
 Nobody else saw it.
 Tell you guys sound it.
 And you guys have become really wealthy doing this for other businesses,
 now showing a couple other people.
 And that's what we're here today to talk about is like,
 those people who are here who've been in Internet marketing, they've been trying these things,
 they've been struggling, like help them understand like there's this opportunity that like,
 even this isn't like your end goal, like maybe someday you want to write a book and you want
 to be an expert, you want to, you know, whatever, you launch your e-commerce brand,
 like maybe a big business for something else, like this is something you can do today.
 Doesn't take a huge startup capital, huge cash, but it's something that's needed.
 The market's huge.
 Like it's something that anybody can get started and start generating revenue very,
 very quickly.
 And then from there, you can roll into other projects if you want,
 or you can become like you guys and build a full blown agency and like,
 and this becomes the business.
 They can become a very, very large business as you guys know.
 Yeah, you can absolutely create a very large business out of doing this
 and create all the systems and process and build a business out of this,
 but it doesn't have to start there.
 And it really can be something where using the relationships and the context you already have,
 being able to present this and turn it into some additional revenue
 and a small business that could turn into a big one if you want.
 Very cool.
 Now what I want to kind of transition to a little bit is,
 I know a lot of people are hearing this right now and saying,
 "This is awesome, like, funnel hubs in the future.
 "I need one for myself, I need one for my clients, I want to start doing this."
 But then they all are thinking the same thing that I thought initially is like,
 "Well, I don't know how to build a funnel hub.
 "I don't know how to build a website.
 "Do I use WordPress or do I use hosting?"
 And like, Austin, there's the bajillion technical questions that come up.
 They get people to freeze.
 In fact, I know when you guys built my original funnel hub,
 it was built on WordPress.
 And I know that it wasn't like a fast overnight.
 I think it took a while and I think it's partially why you charge so much
 because it was a big project back then, right?
 And I love hearing a little bit behind the process in the past
 of how you guys build them for me and for Garrett and for other people.
 Yeah, I mean, one of the things that we have to our advantage is,
 we started in 2003, so we've been around the block as it relates to
 how all this stuff works.
 And so we had to really draw upon our own background and be able to know about hosting,
 know about WordPress, know how to glue these things together
 to actually make them work.
 We would normally quote clients a timeline of somewhere between 12 and 15 weeks, right?
 Three to four months to actually get these things underway.
 And now, of course, there's back and forth, there's client communication
 and all that kind of stuff.
 But really, there's a lot of heavy lifting that goes into building
 that traditional website.
 And so we really just needed to figure out the way to do that
 without having to start from scratch every single time.
 And then, as you know, you get nightmare clients like me, who are super picky,
 and it's like you guys spend all the time you get to me like,
 "Oh, it's cool." But I don't like the branding.
 It's ready to get into the new back, another 60 days.
 And that can be expensive and frustrating and all those kind of things.
 Yeah, it's one of the reasons a website project can turn unprofitable.
 Yeah, but all of the things that go into it.
 So what's interesting is after, man, over the last year and a half or so,
 I've been watching us do this, obviously, it's been a huge success for me
 and for all my friends and I've seen work for other businesses.
 And during that time, you guys knew this.
 No, most people didn't know, but we started working on a new version of ClickFunnels.
 We started rebuilding it from the ground up.
 And I remember Todd and I, we flew out to his house,
 we spent time at his cabin.
 I was sitting there with the whiteboard, like, mapping.
 If we build ClickFunnels again, then we make a new version,
 like, what does it look like and what do we do?
 And what's interesting is that weekend, we started talking about this.
 And the first thing I said is that if we can do this,
 like, if we could build Funnel Hubs into ClickFunnels, first off,
 like, for me, that'd be insane because then I could just build Funnel Hubs really quickly.
 If I had designed it, it takes 30 seconds to change it, drag and drag.
 All the benefits we've had in ClickFunnels, I could do it in Funnel Hubs.
 I wouldn't have to contact you guys to make updates because I don't know
 how to use WordPress. I'm not technical, right?
 And I was like, that'd be amazing.
 And I was like, oh, and then it could be a tool because everyone needs this.
 Like, this is such a powerful, powerful part of it.
 And so what's cool is that as we started building the new version of ClickFunnels,
 of the ClickFunnels Supernal platform, Funnel Hubs became the foundation of it.
 Like, it's the base. Like, when someone creates an account,
 the very first thing they have is, they're called websites,
 but the marketing strategy behind it is a Funnel Hub.
 And so that's the very first thing people are getting.
 In fact, this week, I've been working on a new book project.
 This is my first non-marketing book that I'm writing.
 And it's my first personal development book.
 And I wanted to new a brand for that and a company, all those kind of things.
 So the domain ended up buying.
 I don't know if you guys know this yet or not,
 but I was really excited because all my books are .com secrets,
 expert secrets, marketing secrets.
 Like, I bought secrets of success.com.
 And so that's the new thing.
 So I bought secret success.
 I pointed to the new ClickFunnels account.
 And the very first thing that I needed to do was to build my Funnel Hub.
 That's before I hadn't written the book yet.
 I haven't written anything, but I was like, step number one,
 I need the Funnel Hub because I don't start building these things today.
 So that way, when someone starts Googling the book name,
 now you guys are watching this live or listening to it on the podcast,
 you guys are probably going to start Googling name.
 I want you guys to go somewhere and see some stuff there.
 So for me, the very first step now in any business is building out the Funnel Hub.
 I'm curious for you guys, like, now that you've gone,
 you're the ones who had done it the hard old school way of WordPress versus
 like what have been your feedback for you guys or for your team?
 Yeah, it's like the difference between having to let your house with candles
 and having like on-demand electricity.
 We didn't realize what we didn't have until we saw this.
 And our team's response was the same thing, right?
 Yeah, they loved it.
 Being able to drag and drop the sections and those things being pre-built,
 like it really took away from needing a bunch of different skill sets, too.
 Because like you said, you're not technical, right?
 You're still doing all this stuff.
 We used to have separate people for design, for coding, for each, you know,
 every piece of it.
 And now we can have one person that could build out the whole thing.
 Yeah.
 This is the harder part, I think.
 Maybe I'm wrong.
 You guys can tell me the harder part traditionally is all of this stuff, right?
 The business owner, like you see the value, they understand the value,
 but how do you turn these things into the actual words?
 I know when we did our Funnel Hub, you guys got a call with me and we spent time
 going back and forth and you had to write it all out.
 But walk through the process of how you guys would extract this stuff in the past
 from clients' heads to be able to plug that into the actual Funnel Hub.
 Yeah.
 Content is oftentimes the hardest part of a website.
 It's the hardest part to extract that from a client.
 And it's where projects delay and delay and delay and turn into really a long time
 to get them done.
 And so what we had done to actually get many of these Funnel Hubs built
 was to interview each client and to really just do the work for them, right?
 And to go through each section of expert secrets and really extract the stories
 and the specific things that made them different.
 And then we would give that to a copywriter.
 We'd give all those interview questions to them and then they would spend a bunch
 of time writing all that out just to get to the point where we had something
 to present to a client and hopefully they loved it.
 And then we'd have to get it into the Funnel Hub, right?
 A lot of steps in there, especially when you're writing someone's story for them
 and really helping to extract what makes them that expert and sets them apart.
 All right.
 Now, one of the things I'm going to tell the audience the story behind the scenes
 is kind of fun.
 But after we got the Funnel Hub built in the ClickFunnels, and the very first one,
 I wanted to be the first one to use the funnel, like use the software.
 And so we always build ClickFunnels where I'm not a technical person,
 so the litemons test, I don't know if it works, is can Russell actually do this?
 And so the first question from my team was like, can Russell actually build a Funnel Hub?
 So I didn't build one actually, but two.
 I built the new marketing secrets Funnel Hub and I also built the marketing,
 the magnetic marketing, Dan Kennedy's Funnel Hub.
 And so I didn't tell anybody these were in ClickFunnels.
 I didn't tell anyone.
 I just silently built them in the background.
 I looked at it all.
 I modeled all.
 I got all the pages.
 I had tried my best to take all the principles from here
 and put it in there.
 I want to make the perfect example.
 And I built the entire Funnel Hub in ClickFunnels for marketing secrets,
 which is my brand.
 And then I did the same thing for Dan Kennedy's company.
 We just purchased this.
 I built it all in there and then flipped them live.
 And we just kept in there for a while to see if anyone would notice.
 And then I messaged you guys.
 I was like, hey, do you want to see the Funnel Hubs in ClickFunnels in action?
 Yeah, sure.
 I'm like, check out the pages.
 And it was my two pages.
 You guys.
 Yeah, they were so good.
 I mean, Russell, I honestly, I hope you'll take us up on the offer to come work for our agency.
 I know you're going to politely decline, but--
 I could be a full-time funnel builder now doing these.
 I was like, are you sure you built these?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But I mean, it's just kind of shows that having the right kind of structure
 to support what you want to do takes the power inside the Funnel Hub
 and makes it really easy to focus in on that side of it
 as opposed to all the technical stuff, which is why people get stuck.
 And then they stop.
 Yeah, for sure.
 And it's just fun for me.
 In the past, it was always hard because I get so frustrated.
 Like, I want to change the thing or add a thing.
 I get something really--
 I want to make a blog post or all the different things that always
 had to work with somebody.
 Now it's like, I know ClickFunnels.
 I can use it.
 I can log in.
 I can do it.
 And that's the power.
 I think for anybody, it's like, hopefully it's seen that.
 You're like, oh my gosh, I can actually build a funnel on.
 Because before, I definitely couldn't.
 That's why I was just instantly giving my money
 because it was impossible, right?
 It was a magic box.
 I don't know how it worked.
 And now it's something that's simple and easy to do.
 So very, very cool.
 So the last question I know people who are at home are listening
 is a lot of people obviously are listening
 and they're hearing the first thing of funnel hubs
 are the graysings and sliced bread.
 I need one.
 This is an opportunity.
 I can sell the other businesses.
 They see the size of the opportunity, which is exciting, right?
 Yeah.
 Number two, now they saw the demo.
 They're like, oh my gosh, I can actually do this.
 This is awesome.
 But then the third one always comes up, which is like,
 I don't have any clients.
 I don't know how to get clients.
 I'm scared of getting clients.
 And so what I want to talk about now is just how you get clients,
 how you make the sell, things like that.
 As I was thinking through this question,
 the scene that popped in my head was from Tommy Boy.
 If you remember that scene where Christopher Farley's there
 and he goes in and they're trying to sell him
 and David Spader trying to sell somebody.
 And he totally screws it up and he's like,
 oh, I keep screwing it up.
 And he's doing the whole Tommy Boy thing.
 And then he has the example where he's got the car
 and he catches on fire and the whole thing.
 But I remember the whole story other than he sucked at selling.
 And he's like, no, you got to use your street sports.
 You have to learn how to sell the right way.
 But I guess a lot of people feel it.
 They go in there and they know how to sell.
 They get in there and they walk in.
 And we can't take no for an answer.
 They say, no, I'm out.
 And they bounce really quickly.
 The movie, right?
 Most people, that part's the hardest part.
 How do we actually convey our message in a way
 that gets them to buy?
 How are you going to explain a funnel hub to a dentist?
 In a way that they're going to want to give you money.
 Say, how do you guys do that part of the process?
 And people get stuck with the fact they suck at selling.
 Yeah, sales is a journey that you've
 got to take somebody on.
 And it's an epiphany that they have from the point in time
 where they don't know you, don't know what you do,
 or how you're going to help them to the point where
 that becomes super clear.
 I know who you are.
 I trust you and I can see how you're going to help me.
 And the solution that we see a lot of agencies and people
 try and sell this stuff come up with on their own
 is they come with the bullet point sheet of paper,
 the price on the bottom, and that's for a signature.
 And expecting the service to sell itself.
 And what we've discovered in the process of selling
 is that we started our agency in 2003
 is that we can just simply give them
 that same journey and experience.
 And we made it easy on ourselves.
 We literally have a slide presentation where
 slide after slide after slide is one small piece of that story
 in that journey with little bits of it
 that are customized for that client along the way.
 So from the client's perspective, they're seeing this story
 and they're also seeing how they're involved in that story
 because of the little customizations that happen.
 It really takes the pressure off of us as salespeople
 because we're not having to memorize anything.
 We're not performing anything.
 We're just reading slide after slide.
 And that's epiphany gives, allows us to create
 that same epiphany information in that other person
 that leads to them, at least that's overcoming
 their objections that they have along the way
 and leads to them pulling their credit card
 out of their pocket at the end.
 - Yeah, for a lot of our students, we're like,
 don't try and sell, right?
 Just go through this as it is
 and it'll do the selling for you, right?
 And for a long time, Mike and I aren't like
 more natural sales guys, right?
 Like we just learned this process
 and learned the things that people needed to understand
 in order to say yes at the end.
 And when we put the stack together,
 we started having ourselves guys use it
 and they're getting us as,
 and we have started having our students use it,
 they're getting us as it's like,
 this thing just works every single time.
 - So I have my show, it's 47 slides, right?
 - Yeah.
 - Do you guys, can we see them?
 - Yeah.
 - Just show like what people,
 like this is what slides look like.
 It's not difficult.
 It's not like, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - You're doing some crazy sales pitch,
 just walking into it.
 - Right.
 - Yeah, it looks like it took you hours to create, right?
 Which they really appreciate because they're comparing
 that to the one sheet or they got from someone,
 which is the price at the bottom, right?
 - Yeah.
 - This is actually, we're giving them some value,
 we're teaching them about stuff,
 we're showing them why it's important.
 And when, you know, I always say
 that it confused buyer never buys,
 could you send some more information?
 Do you have any literature you could send?
 And I'm like, what do you mean?
 I just gave you everything that I have.
 But then I'm asking that was an indication
 that that little bullet point list wasn't enough.
 And I didn't really understand it for us
 how to give them more information.
 But once we broke it down into the story and these slides,
 that's what actually helped them
 under feel like they got to the end of it
 and they really bought it.
 It's like, imagine me trying to tell you
 what a movie was about just by giving you a bullet point list.
 - Like the movie?
 - Yeah, was it good movie?
 You want to buy the DVD or whatever?
 It's like, no.
 But if I had you watch that,
 or even watch the trailer of that,
 like that's what creates that experience.
 So like that's what we're doing for a client
 to help them make that decision to buy.
 It's to give them that experience
 where that emotion exists inside of that conversation
 that allows them to see themselves
 a future version of their business
 that's better than where they're at today.
 - Yeah, and the true testament is that
 it's like at the end, I'm like,
 do you have any questions?
 And I'm like, no.
 I've answered everything.
 And plus, plus, I've had even
 a lot of questions about, right?
 And so like when they're on that point,
 it's just like easy to close that sale at that point.
 - Right, I experienced it on my slide,
 like three slides in, I was like, I need this.
 - Right.
 - You know what I mean?
 And then some people might take 10 or 30 or 47,
 but by the time you end up the journey,
 it's all the arguments been made in the radio.
 - Yeah, and we've done this so many times
 that like, you know, it used to be, you know, 30 slides.
 And then when there'd be an objection,
 well, they became 31 slides, right?
 So like this thing's been iterated over and over again,
 where any of the objections that come up
 or any of the concerns or anything that wasn't super clear
 to someone, like we experienced that, right?
 And now this kind of thing is like this beautiful process
 that has really been time tested again and again,
 that produces better results than we could have ever imagined.
 - Do you have the slides here? Can we see you?
 - Yeah, let's take a look.
 So what's really cool about the slides here
 is that we've got kind of a choreographed dance
 that we're taking people through.
 And so, you know, what we're doing is we're sharing
 a little bit about who you are as an agency,
 kind of the background there to kind of build some of that trust.
 We're helping to understand what their vision is,
 and then we're evaluating them on their current situation.
 And so, we're actually doing a lot of work
 in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 And so, we're doing a lot of work in the way that they're doing.
 But they're really not.
 And making sure that they're ultimately very clear to the person who's considering the services
 that are going to be purchased from this person.
 Yeah, for sure.
 All right.
 So, the key of this is the fact that the process does the sales.
 It's not, then that to be good.
 So, if anyone's like, "I'm not a good sales person.
 I don't know how to sell," whatever.
 It doesn't matter.
 Like, if you can follow a process, you can build some rain gutters.
 Absolutely.
 And my guess is from doing this little thing right here, we probably sold, I don't know,
 how many of you guys are going to go buy rain gutters now because of this?
 This is the process of telling the story and how powerful it can be.
 All right.
 So, I want to transition a little bit because we've been going out for about an hour and
 a lot of people are listening to this and they're hearing and they're like, "Oh my gosh,
 this is..."
 And some of you guys probably have that feeling we were like, "This is exciting."
 And I know that you guys teach people how to do this.
 I know that you help students who want to build funnel hubs.
 I want to talk about that a little bit.
 But before we dive into my question, I want to ask you guys because I know that we've
 been working together behind the scenes to create something specifically for the ClickFunnels
 community and people in our world to be able to build funnel hubs, right?
 And as we were putting this holding together and you guys were talking about pricing, it
 was interesting because I thought someone could sell a funnel hub for $3,000 or $5,000
 or $15,000 or $25,000.
 I spent $25,000 on a funnel hub, right?
 This is the pricing that people will pay for stuff.
 Yet the entire training course that teaches this whole process and gets people your slides
 and a bunch of other amazing things we'll talk about, you guys are selling for just $500.
 And I'm curious, why are you not...
 That's...
 You sell a funnel hub, you six-section money, and then after that, everything else is pure
 profit.
 Why is it so inexpensive and curious?
 I mean, there's a ton of opportunity out there.
 And it's something that we get a lot inside of our own expert business agency, because
 well, this stuff is so good, like why are you teaching it?
 There are so many local businesses out there, right?
 Like, of course, there's a big opportunity inside the funnel-driven business world and
 all that stuff that you could go after.
 But there's so many local businesses out there that need help, like local businesses are
 the lifebloods of our community.
 And that's what helps make the economy tick.
 And we've spent a lot of time in the rooms with these businesses that absolutely need help.
 And so we only are a small team in Tucson, Arizona, helping businesses in the region
 doing this.
 And so us being able to share this with agencies is one aspect of us being able to help those
 other local businesses.
 But what's more is like, I've always looked at our agency.
 We're a team of 20 people now, and that's families.
 That's families with...
 They've got kids.
 They've got people that...
 Because of the business that we started, we're actually able to influence and create
 a positive life for them and help them with that journey.
 And so now that we've done that in our own agency, we've also done that inside of agency
 coach helping agencies grow and develop, we're getting to see them hire people.
 We're getting them to see help families.
 And so there's a deep rooted cause for us that we really feel passionate about that.
 We can have an extended effect on agencies, but also the people that work for them and
 also for the businesses that they help.
 And that just is a really cool thing.
 Yeah.
 It's really cool.
 You think about it.
 Like you said, have big opportunities.
 You guys are in Arizona in this community.
 And that's...
 But even if there was 10 or 50 or 100 other people doing this in your area, they still
 don't have business.
 How many restaurants in your local area?
 It's crazy.
 And you look at this, the time that we're recording this podcast, there's not more than
 a dozen people that even know about this opportunity.
 And so it's like, yeah, if you take those dozen people and put them all in the same
 city, there's still plenty of opportunity.
 We've got the entire country, the entire world.
 This is something that's going to transform so many businesses' lives.
 And so many people who right now don't have a shot, they don't have a business, they're
 looking for something, right?
 And I think for a lot of people, this is the beginning point.
 It's like, I'm going to go out there and start building fun, I'll have some people make
 some money.
 And then at that point, decide, okay, am I going to turn to senior agency?
 Do I stay by myself?
 Is this a lifestyle business where I build one or two funnel hubs a month and take the
 rest of the month off?
 And something...
 My kids are in college or my kids are in high school and I'm like, looking like, do
 I go to college or not?
 And they're always looking for opportunities.
 I was telling them about this.
 I'm like, "Damn, I'm bowling.
 You guys can literally go build funnel hubs for people."
 And they're like, "Well, how much does it pay?"
 And they're looking at jobs for eight bucks an hour at Walmart right now.
 And I'm like, "Well, you build a funnel hub, someone you can charge two or three thousand
 dollars."
 And they're like, "What?"
 "I can build one a month and be the richest kid in high school."
 Like, yeah, it's amazing when you understand it and the skill sets not that difficult to
 pick up, but it's just such a powerful thing and the opportunity is to now.
 It's where websites were 30 years ago, so funnels were a decade ago.
 It's like, this is the new thing and it's here today and it's not amazing.
 So I want to talk about for your students.
 So obviously, I said, it's $500 for them to get involved in the training to get access
 to stuff.
 What are all the things they get when they jump in and they decide to do this process
 and become a funnel hub builder?
 Yeah, I mean, the biggest question is that people have going into this is like, "Well,
 either how do I build it or how do I sell it?"
 And oftentimes, it's some combination of both.
 And so when you boil it down to what we're actually teaching here is like, we want to
 share with people ultimately how to build the funnel hub, how to use ClickFunnels to
 do that and actually create these pieces of marketing technology really that are going
 to help a business transform.
 And then beyond that, we want to create the process by which we can show someone how
 to actually sell this and sell for something that's going to be meaningful, right, to them,
 that's going to help them put money in their pocket, support their family and ultimately
 create a business that they really love and can thrive on.
 Okay, so my next question then is when some, I know you guys have this course that helps
 people to figure this out and to be able to do it and give them all the tools.
 But what are all the things that are included inside the funnel hub launchpad?
 They get people from today where like, "I see the opportunity.
 I can do it.
 I know all the pieces but to actually give them the tactical implementation so they can
 do it."
 Like what's everything they get when they get started today with you guys?
 Right, so there's generally two kind of categories that people need to understand.
 Number one is like, how to build the funnel hub.
 Like what is it?
 What does it look like?
 What's the strategy?
 What's the philosophy and like how do we actually create this thing?
 The other side is all about how to sell it.
 Like how do you get this in front of a client in a way that makes them want to say yes
 and then you're selling it for the right dollar amount?
 My guess is like the salespeople are like, "I can sell, I just, you know, how to do it
 and people who are like not salespeople are like, "I can do it.
 How do you sell?"
 So those are the two kind of personalities that usually come into this one of the other.
 Yeah, for sure, so for the people that feel like they need help selling, we're going to
 teach them how to price it.
 We're going to show them the exact proposal that we talked about earlier where they can
 just walk through that and it does the selling for them.
 We're going to show them the interview questions that we take a client through before selling
 it to make sure that we're gathering all the information we need so they understand what
 their vision is and what they're trying to accomplish and that's going to help them close
 deals.
 And then we're going to even give them some examples where we have live recordings of
 funnel hubs that our team has sold and they can be a flammable and listen to the actual
 process of somebody buying one of these live.
 They actually get the slides as well, right?
 Yeah, absolutely.
 So if your slides put your clients info in and boom, they've got the sales presentation
 done.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, definitely.
 Yeah, so when it comes to building the funnel hub, like there's a lot of examples that
 we've shared and talked through today, but like really when the rubber meets the red,
 like what are we actually building?
 How are we actually taking the idea of what this funnel hub is actually creating a building
 out page by page?
 We've got lots of examples showing kind of step by step the philosophy and framework behind
 each page and what needs to be there.
 So there's really no questions about what needs to be there.
 Yeah, and we've got the Clickable team who's actually going to teach the actual pushing
 the buttons and how to get the funnel hub built from the technical perspective.
 Yeah, we got all the guys on my team who actually build funnel hubs and me making video showing
 us how to do, which is really, really cool.
 And on top of that, I had all my designers.
 I was like, let's build some like insanely cool funnel hub templates just for people who
 are part of this.
 And so there's a whole bunch of pre-built templates as well, which means you can look
 at a client and ask them, like, what colors do you like?
 And like, oh, I like blue and yellow.
 I'm like, oh, well, here's the template that like already looks like that.
 So it gets you like on the 90 yard line, you just got your 10 yards and like putting
 in their stuff, putting in their logos and stuff, but it makes it so you start with amazing
 templates.
 And if you don't know how to build, you don't know how to design or anything, it doesn't
 really matter.
 You already have like these amazing designs that are ready out of the gate.
 You just plug them in and off the races.
 Yeah.
 You know, the third thing that we really want to look at is like, how do we take someone
 through the client process, right?
 It's one thing to build a funnel hub for yourself and like you get to make all the decisions.
 When you bring that client into the mix, like now they have an opinion, they have their
 own perspective and you're having built so many of these things and being in business
 since 2003 doing lots of this type of client work.
 You know, we take our exact blueprint of how to work with a client and make sure that we're
 moving that along the way.
 So that way they get the result that they want, but also you're able to deliver that to them.
 Yeah.
 Now the final thing we're going to throw in is what I'm really excited about.
 Like, this is just the foundation.
 This is a marketing foundation piece.
 Like, if you sell anything else to a client, it's the perfect time to do that after you
 build this funnel hub, right?
 They want more attention on it.
 They want more eyes on it.
 So if you do any digital marketing or anything that's in service to getting more customers
 for a client, then we're going to show you how to take this and upsell people, ascend
 them to all of your other services.
 It's awesome.
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 Somebody buys the funnel hub and it's like, what else they need?
 Well, they need SEO, they need Facebook ads.
 They need other funnels, reviews, they have so many, yeah, like when you have somebody
 and you have their trust, like it's amazing.
 So the things you tell me, they get the training on how to actually sell funnel hubs.
 They get the training on how to build the funnel hubs plus the templates training for
 my team as well, like showing them how to do it inside of ClickFunnels.
 The training on how to get a client through the funnel hub project and start to finish,
 which is a huge client management stuff is big.
 And then number four is showing them how to upsell all the other offers and products and
 services, which is cool.
 So I'm going to throw in a couple other things because when we were kind of sitting down
 ahead of time brainstorming this, I was like, what things can I add to this just to make
 it irresistible for anyone who's listening to marketing secrets show, like how to, how
 can I add this?
 And so one thing I want to add is I want to add some more tools to help you get in the
 front door with people.
 So my dad is actually insurance agent.
 He owns a state farm insurance agency.
 And it's interesting because one day he messaged me and is like, Hey Russell, like I have
 all these people hitting me up to do work for my website.
 Like should I hire him?
 So not hire him.
 I'm like, what do you mean?
 He's like, I get like 20 or 30 people a day messaging me trying to SEO and Facebook ads
 and all these stuff.
 And I don't know who's legit who's not legit.
 And I think a lot of times local business owners have that they're getting hit by a bunch
 of different people.
 And so I wanted to give you guys a tool that helps you get your foot in the front door
 where you're providing value in advance before, before you ever try to pitch them on something
 where they get success and then it's really easy for them.
 Like, oh my gosh, you helped me get success here.
 Like, and then it opens the door open, you know, for funnel hubs and for everything else.
 And so I recorded a couple modules to plug into the this training course for you guys.
 I'm showing you as how to do that.
 In fact, I created three modules, one of them was teaching you with a funnel I call the
 dead file funnel.
 And I kind of made this one up when I was working out with, I was in a gym with my trainer and
 he wanted to know how to fill his gym.
 And so I was like, well, I have an idea.
 So we tried this idea.
 We called it the dead file funnel.
 And in a weekend, we completely filled up his gym.
 So I have a training module showing us how to do that because you can use that same strategy
 for any gym for a dentist, for a chiropractic, any kind of business.
 The dead file funnel works super easy.
 And the second training that is called the fishbowl funnel.
 This one's really cool as well.
 You guys have seen traditional fishbowls and you walk into a business.
 It's like, put your business card in for free lunch.
 There's a fishbowl funnel that you can set up for somebody.
 It's very simple, very easy and starts to generate leads for clients.
 And so either of these two funnels, you can set up like both of them in like 30 minutes.
 And also they're getting clients and they're getting people calling them and like, you become
 the rain maker in a business.
 And when you become the rain maker in a business, people want you to create more rain, which
 is where it'll buy funnel hubs and other things.
 So I recorded those modules.
 I also recorded a module about follow up funnels, which is the email sequences you send out.
 But all that stuff is going to be in the members area as well, just to give you guys
 a gift on top of it.
 So there's five core pieces here you guys are going to get.
 You're my bonus, but you're also going to get how to sell funnel hubs, how to build
 funnel hubs, how to go through the client process, upsell and the sentient and then all
 this stuff to get your foot in the front door.
 And I think this offer is really exciting and hopefully a lot of people take advantage
 of it.
 So for those who do are like, oh my gosh, this is it.
 This is my future.
 Like either I'm just a beginner.
 I need an opportunity in looking for this or they've got agency and they want to plug
 funnel hubs in or they want to funnel up for themselves.
 Like any of these people can benefit from this.
 Where do they go if they want to, they want to start it today?
 They get it over to funnel hub launch pad.com/go.
 Cool.
 And then they get started up and like we studied before, like despite the fact that literally
 if they sell one funnel hub and let's say they're scared of something, they completely
 bomb and they only sell for like a fraction, what you guys sell it for like 500 bucks.
 You could sell one or 500 bucks and you break even.
 And after that, everything else is pure profit.
 But most people are selling it for $2,500 for $5,000.
 You sell one and you've more of the major money back in most situations.
 And so despite the fact it's only $500, all you got to do is go to funnel hub launch pad.com/go
 to go get the course and get started and you get access to all the training to be able
 to go and do this.
 Okay.
 Anything else you want to add up before we move to some Q&A's I got from the audience?
 Yeah.
 I mean, I think it's something where you've got the minimum amount of this is like you've
 got an idea of how to provide a ton of value to a business and providing that value you
 can charge 500 bucks.
 But you know, in the examples that we saw, like I don't want anyone to think that like
 that's the only thing that you can charge, right?
 Because if you just learn the process, maybe by doing it at a small, smaller dollar amount,
 quickly you can add more and more and more and really create a true business out of this.
 I have most people that way.
 The first time they'd be nervous and say, you call your friend like, hey, normally in
 the future I'm in sales for $500 or $5,000.
 But I need to practice it.
 Like you've made $500 while I build a funnel hub for you.
 You can call any business owner, you know, anyone who's your friend and just like cut your
 teeth on it, practice it, learn the process, build your first one, get your money back
 from the investment in the course.
 And then it's like, cool, I've done it once.
 Now you can show your, the next business owner like, hey, did it for so and so, normally
 it's five grand.
 I'll do it to you for 2,500.
 And you do half off and you make 2,500 next one.
 And then you got two case studies.
 You show the next person like very quickly get a point where you can start charging, you
 know, really good fees for something that you can fulfill them pretty quickly.
 Yeah, no doubt.
 All right, cool.
 So that said, I know the producers have been gathering questions from the audience.
 We've got them here.
 We've got about 15, 16 questions to go through.
 Yes, cool to.
 Yeah, let's do it.
 All right.
 That's in front of it.
 So the first one actually, it looks like is specifically a question about just the opportunity,
 right?
 Like, is this something where they need to quit their job to come do?
 Is it something they can do on the side?
 Like, what does it look like for somebody who's just getting started into something like
 this?
 I mean, ultimately the size of this business is going to be based off of the results that
 you see.
 And so this is something that you can have a small business doing this where, you know,
 is this just enough projects to, you know, pay the mortgage, pay the cars, right?
 And just create that additional cash flow.
 But we have students that their entire businesses are built around offering these kind of services.
 And you can build teams around this.
 Like our own agency is built around this exactly.
 So this isn't something where you have to be that big.
 But if you have the aspiration, this is the foundational knowledge that you need to get
 there, but certainly could start a lot smaller than that.
 Yeah.
 And I've seen some people who after they set the initial fee, they charge monthly for people
 for maintenance to make sure that things are updated to add things to post blog posts and
 that like, what does that look like?
 Because there's a recurring stream that's possible with these funnel hubs as well, right?
 Yeah.
 And so I think it's a very important thing to be getting.
 There's so many different things that you can do for somebody once you have that foundation.
 And it's just a matter of figuring out like which services that you want to offer.
 A lot of times we're dealing with partners that are able to deliver on stuff that we
 don't even have the skill set for, right?
 So I got a copywriter that can do blogs and now I go sell it to this person.
 And so I'm able to build more and more recurring revenue.
 And guess what?
 I'm not the one that's stuck doing all the work.
 I'm leveraging other partners that are actually doing it.
 And I'm just a middleman that's, you know, being able to communicate back and forth with
 the client.
 Yeah.
 Very cool.
 All right.
 Question number two, this is good.
 But isn't this, when it all comes down, isn't it a follow up just a website?
 Yes or no?
 Right.
 I mean, I think AJ has the perfect answer to that.
 Yeah.
 I always say, well, that's like kind of like saying that isn't the perfect webinar, just
 the webinar, right?
 It's like, well, one of them results in you pulling out your credit card at the end.
 The other one, traditional webinar results and you hanging up halfway through because
 it's so boring, right?
 And so you look at the strategies that are expert secrets.
 There's like this very specific strategy that you're taking somebody through to get
 them and persuade them to take the actions that you want.
 And that's what's happening on the follow up.
 Yeah.
 And for those that aren't familiar with perfect webinars, kind of like saying, well, it's
 not a Ferrari, just a car, you know that it's not.
 Yes, it does the same thing as any other car, but there's things that make it different
 and make it superior.
 Yeah, for sure.
 And my personal experience was that for sure.
 I went through a dozen different versions of my website, hoping and praying they would
 give me a result, which you never did, just by the fact that every web designer who pitched
 me told me that this was going to be the greatest thing in the world.
 It wasn't until we had the correct strategy that it worked.
 And that's the difference is the strategy behind how you actually build these things,
 which is cool.
 Absolutely.
 All right.
 So I went through a lot of the things that I've done in the world, and I've been doing
 a lot of things that I've done in the world.
 And I've been doing a lot of things that I've done in the world.
 And I've been doing a lot of things that I've done in the world.
 And I've been doing a lot of things that I've done in the world.
 And I've been doing a lot of things that I've done in the world.
 And I've been doing a lot of things that I've done in the world.
 And I've been doing a lot of things that I've done in the world.
 And I've been doing a lot of things that I've done in the world.
 And I've been doing a lot of things that I've done in the world.
 And this is different, where you're actually delivering the expertise and the logic behind
 with the way this needs to be done, because you're the expert.
 And so in that process, it makes the process of actually delivering this thing a lot more
 straightforward, because there's actually something you're following, a map that you're
 following, as opposed to just allowing, according to it, kind of leads you aimlessly through
 the pathway of actually getting this done.
 Yeah.
 It's interesting, because you think about like most people think they know what a good
 website looks like, right?
 We've been looking websites for the last 20 years, 30 years.
 And so they all have their own expertise.
 They're like, oh, it's good looking, it's ugly, which doesn't matter if it's good looking
 ugly, right?
 We know that.
 But what is actually going to work is going to do something.
 And so coming with this new thing, where it's like, this is not a website, this is a funnel
 hub, it's a different strategy.
 And they put more of the expertise on you, where you have a chance to make it exactly
 as supposed to be, as opposed to like, that doesn't look like a website.
 It's not supposed to.
 It's different.
 Right.
 Like if you were, let's say, driving in a bus, right, and you glanced up and you noticed
 that there was no bus driver at the front.
 What would you do?
 What would you do?
 You'd probably run your butt to the front of the bus and start grabbing the steering wheel,
 right?
 Well, that's the same experience a lot of clients have when working with an agency,
 is that they are working with an agency that should be driving this bus, but they're not
 actually taking them through a guided process and helping them understand step by step what
 to do.
 So what do most business owners tend to do when, you know, being the leaders that they
 are, when they feel like they're in a process that doesn't have a leader leading it?
 Well, they're going to run to the front of the bus and they're going to grab all that
 steering wheel or, you know, start taking over the project.
 That's what makes a big part of what makes a client project such a nightmare when you actually
 have a project to follow.
 And that's like a big part of what we teach in the process of actually guiding a client
 through this process is how to beat the leader, how to drive that bus to make sure that client
 doesn't feel like they have to take over from you.
 And when they feel like they don't want to take over, that means a lot more smooth process
 in the process.
 Oh, yeah.
 And there's so much less stress and like, Oh, I think heavens and they refer their friends
 and so on and so forth.
 Exactly.
 For those who like this exciting and they're looking for the URL again for where they can
 start for the course where they go funnel hub launchpad.com/go.
 Very cool.
 All right.
 Question number, I don't know, we're on three or four.
 How long does it actually take for someone to build a funnel hub?
 Okay, so the process that someone's going to go through before we talked about like
 that 12 to 15 weeks, right?
 Like crazy stuff like that.
 Because of the number of shortcuts that are there, the templates that are in place, the
 fact that click funnels allows you to build these things a lot faster.
 The fact that we've got all these templates together, this is something where, you know,
 by working with a client, you know, over a matter of a lot, a lot shorter time period,
 a couple of weeks that you can kind of get through that.
 Of course, it depends on the amount of feedback that a client has, but we're really aiming
 this to make sure that you can get from launch to the project to actually this thing being
 live as quickly as possible.
 Yeah.
 Very cool.
 A lot of times also, the more you do it, the faster you get, right?
 First time maybe it takes you a week, next time it's a couple of days.
 But realistically, like when I build out my first funnel hub, the craze from the funnel
 hub was very, very quickly.
 I was able to copy and paste stuff in there.
 And then I went and I spent, you know, so it initially was done in literally four or
 five hours, I had it all done.
 I was like, oh my gosh, first time I ever did it.
 But then I was like adding pages and I was getting excited.
 And I was like, and then I spent the next like three weeks geeking out because it's
 so much fun with it, but it was fun.
 And the same kind of thing here where you get it set up, give back to client, and then
 now you start the process of like creating more things and adding to it and it gets fun.
 Funnel Hubs, so much fun.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 This is a great question.
 So where can I actually find people to sell funnel hubs to?
 So there's a lot of people that you might already know, right?
 What we find a lot of times with our students is they try to go out and they find like
 brand new prospects that they don't know when there's people within their world today
 that they can get a funnel hub for, right?
 So who do they give money to?
 Who are they paying for landscaping?
 Who are they paying for dentistry?
 Who are they paying for hair salon?
 You know, like all these different people are right there within their within arms reach.
 They just need to start the conversation with them and leverage some of the strategies
 that you talked about earlier in ways to deliver value in advance.
 Because once you can gain that trust and once they know, "Hey, when I get help from
 this person, I get a result," then guess what?
 Their ears are wide open and they're ready for the next strategy that you have to put
 in front of them.
 Yeah.
 I found some similar to the ones that the people I've watched have been successful with this.
 Usually they start with a friend or a fast.
 Some of they know who's going to trust them, they do it, and then they get the result and
 then they tell someone else and soon it's like people are messaging you.
 On top of that, I'm sure people can also go out and they can do traditional marketing.
 They can do it by Facebook.
 Every funnel builder should have their own funnel hub.
 So part of this is you guys learn the strategy, do it for yourself, and you have a funnel
 hub you can show people as well.
 Here's my funnel hub and they can see the examples and case studies and see your process
 and your story.
 Yeah, for the folks that already have any sort of existing agency or a funnel business
 that they're running, this is something you don't have to go out and find new prospects
 and clients for.
 This is something that just walking a client through this exact sales process is going
 to get their attention and something that those are the prime candidates to be able
 to go back and get more wallet share from the clients that you already have.
 Yeah, awesome.
 Okay.
 Funhub Launchpad.com/go for those who are looking.
 Okay, next question here on the list.
 This is directed towards me.
 Russell, I thought you said the websites were dead.
 I guess I need to answer that one.
 Traditional websites are dead.
 Websites that don't work are dead.
 Again, this is not a website.
 This is going from a cassette tape or a track to cassette tape to CD to iPods, right?
 It's the next thing.
 I became a believer in it.
 Initially, I think because I saw the results with Steven, but number two was like, for
 me, I've built so many funnels throughout time.
 My team's like, "So they can't find their own funnels.
 Where's the thing that everyone's finding supports, finding about things?"
 For me, it's like, "How do I tie all this stuff together?"
 Even for me, it's like this portfolio.
 Here's my portfolio, what I do.
 I would get asked to be on TV or on news or something like that and they're like, "Well,
 show us your website."
 I'm like, "Which one?"
 I'm like, "I have hundreds of them."
 I show them one that I, "What is this?
 This isn't a website."
 It was tough to get traditional media because I didn't look like what they thought things
 should look like.
 The funnel hub became this thing that looked the way people thought it was going to look
 but it acted differently.
 It acted smarter.
 It was able to take people and convert them into customers and subscribers and things
 like that and it just changed everything.
 One of the things you've said before about traditional websites is that it's kind of
 like a choose your own adventure.
 It's a choose your adventure that doesn't end anywhere a positive thing.
 The thing about the funnel hub is while there's still some elements of that, it's
 not like we're being very strategic in what those outcomes are so that we can get them
 ultimately back into the funnel.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I remember I used to consulting for a big company and they would have me review people's websites
 on video.
 I would review them and I remember almost every website, probably 99 and a half percent of
 people's sites, they all look the same.
 They look like website with the menu and these menu had eight drop downs and then I would
 start the video like, "Hey, your website looks beautiful.
 I'm sure you've paid your designers a lot of money.
 Let me show you how many clicks I have to do to actually give you money."
 I start clicking and I was like, "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven."
 I'm like 30, 40 clicks in me for like I find somewhere I can actually give you money.
 I was like, "You lost me a click too just your fully aware."
 And it was like every single time, you have to simplify this process.
 If you have a button, there's got to be a strategic reason because I'm trying to take
 them from here to here.
 Right?
 Someone comes to my page, it's like, "Very big."
 Like, "Hey, draw my email newsletter."
 That's the big thing.
 You put the email in and it's like, "Cool.
 Thanks for joining the email newsletter.
 By the way, you should get one of my books or join the challenge or whatever."
 And everything is thought through so that someone comes in, it's like you're taking
 them on a journey.
 Right?
 It's a difference between walking into Walmart and seeing a million options and being overwhelmed
 and leaving versus walking and meeting a salesperson who takes you exactly where you need to go.
 That's what the funnel hub does.
 It helps connect your audience with the right thing that I'm looking for today.
 Right?
 Someone's like, "I'm stuck.
 Where do I start?
 I'm going to take you here."
 But if you're like, "I'm advanced.
 I want mentoring where I go."
 Like, "We'll go over here then.
 We're going to take you to exactly what you need."
 And so that's the power and psychology I think when people start seeing and experiencing,
 it's like, "Oh my gosh.
 My website actually works now because it's not a website."
 So because websites are dead.
 Question number six I think we're at.
 Should I just build them a funnel instead?
 It's actually a good question.
 Yeah.
 So we're not arguing like a funnel's the fastest way to accelerate growing your business.
 And we know that first hand because it probably took us five years to hit some figures with
 our agency and it took us one year with our expert business.
 And so what we are saying though is that if you don't have a funnel hub, there's a hole
 in your marketing bucket.
 And it's like you were saying earlier, when you're spending lots of money on ad spend,
 you don't want holes in your bucket, right?
 You want to make sure that you're converting and squeezing out every possible conversion
 that you can out of your funnel.
 And this is what's going to make sure that that's happening.
 So it's the first thing that you should do when you start your business.
 It's because you don't want to wait until you have a million branded searches to fix
 it, right?
 Those searches don't come back.
 They search you, you're gone.
 And that's that.
 So you want to make sure that you have it from day one and that your capitalized on every person
 that wants to buy or is interested in buying what you have to offer.
 Yeah.
 I think a lot of times too, especially when you're approaching more traditional businesses.
 Like if you're like, hey, do you want me to do a webinar funnel?
 They're just like, look at you.
 Like, what are you talking about?
 Like, hey, do you want to book funnel?
 Like, what?
 And they don't understand me.
 You come and say, hey, I'm going to build you marketing.
 How do you get more clients?
 Like instantly, like I get it.
 I'm in.
 Let's do it.
 You build that.
 You start generating clients that they're able to see it.
 It looks like something they understand, which is a website, but it acts like a funnel
 which they don't understand.
 They start seeing the results.
 And all of a sudden you put a lead magnet on their funnel hub and they start getting leads,
 right?
 Oh my gosh, you're getting leads.
 Like, cool.
 Do you want another lead funnel?
 Let's build a lead magnet.
 And also you start adding these things onto it.
 And now you can, you know, a chiropractor dentist could have a webinar funnel, but it's
 not going to start day number one.
 It's not going to happen until they see that.
 Yeah.
 I mean, the biggest obstacle for a local business to actually get the most and have funnels
 is their own understanding and willingness to go through the process of actually making
 that work inside of their business.
 And so what we found is that if you start with the funnel conversation with them, they're
 going to, if they give you the chance, like, do they have the ability to stick through all
 of the iterations and the rewrites and the new versions of the funnel to actually make
 the thing sing and continue to work compared to launching and starting with the funnel
 hub that they, it is speaking their language.
 They do understand what's happening there.
 And then they just get to, you know, on the side benefit from seeing a funnel in action
 and working in their business.
 And nothing is more powerful than them actually experiencing that as opposed to like taking
 your word for it and kind of hoping that it works out.
 Yeah.
 So cool.
 If you guys, I wish I could jump off the screen or the audio where it listens to me.
 I hope you guys understand like this opportunity, how big it is, how powerful it is.
 But if you're listening to this trick, I get it.
 I'm in again, the place to go is a loss of link, right?
 Funnel hub launch pad.com slash go get started.
 Get in there against 500 bucks.
 Literally if you fail at selling your first funnel hub and only make $500 or break even
 from the very first one after that, you have a skill set that'll pay you for the rest of
 your life.
 Can you imagine what a medical school like?
 Well, your first time you do operation, you're, you're, you're certain, you're just
 surging on someone.
 You're going to make a million dollars.
 They charge a million dollars.
 Like first operation, you're breaking, everything, you have that's pure profit.
 Like that's what we're talking about.
 You're like, there's no other education.
 I know that they get you that kind of ROI and after you have the skills that you have
 it for forever.
 And so you can keep you doing over and over and over again.
 Okay.
 Next question here.
 And this is actually one that was a question I was going to ask you guys.
 I'm glad somebody asked this.
 It's like, what happens if the client already has a really good website?
 Like why are you having a website?
 Why do I need a funnel hub or marketing hub or whatever?
 Like what do you do if they already have something that they think looks really good?
 Yeah.
 So I'm going to ask you guys about the website and having a funnel hub are two different
 things.
 And I think what I see people do to evaluate whether a website is good or not is purely
 based off of their opinion of the aesthetics of it.
 And design is important and not to offend any of the designers listening or watching.
 It's like design is important, but it also has to be really paired well with what the
 content is doing and what it's saying.
 A beautiful website that doesn't convert, a beautiful website that doesn't get the visitor
 back into the funnel that doesn't help to overcome any of the doubts and skepticism isn't
 a good website.
 So I would oftentimes put a big question mark and say, are you sure it's a good website?
 And what do you qualify that based on?
 Because if it's just off of the beautiful photography and the custom photography that's
 on the site and the beautiful aesthetics, that's not the way that you want to evaluate
 this.
 Yeah.
 And you could take their beautiful photography and copy it over so it looks the same from
 an outside.
 Because I want to make sure that my mom or my client's seat looks good.
 Like cool, you can still use those things.
 You're not like, ugify it.
 Like take the, take the, just even just cover them over, but then put the correct strategy
 and where it's like now we're taking them on a journey that's going to end them up being
 a client or giving you money as opposed to right now they're running into a brick wall.
 Yeah.
 And when clients say like, and feel like their website's not working from them, that's exactly
 what we're hitting on here.
 It's like they were happy the day it launched.
 Why?
 Because it hadn't done anything yet and it hadn't been tested in the world, but they
 were maybe a big part of the, you know, approving the design and crafting that piece of it.
 So of course they loved it.
 And of course they get, you know, we hear this a lot like, Oh, I got a lot of compliments
 on my website.
 What does that mean?
 It's like, it's, it's pretty.
 It looks good.
 But like the person who's complimenting your website isn't the person also pulling their wallet
 out of their pocket and getting a credit card oftentimes.
 It's, it's so there's a disconnect between those two things.
 Yeah.
 And I'm sure that's what we're sharing with you actually takes them to a process where
 we're assessing their website on a couple of different areas.
 Right.
 So the looks of it is just one of those.
 So if they feel like I have a good website because it looks good, they might pass that
 one.
 But the other ones that we're looking at, they're not going to pass, right?
 And that's what's going to create that gap that Mike was talking about that makes them
 feel like, okay, I don't really have a good website as I thought.
 I need this.
 Yeah.
 Most of them have no idea.
 Like I had this experience literally last week when my friend's owns a gym here in town.
 And, and I remember asking some of us business in, and actually their main website, like
 I wanted to buy the domain from him and he told me, he's like, I can't.
 And I was like, why not?
 He's like, well, our entire SEO strategy is based around, around this, this site.
 And I was like, okay.
 And so what, and I did some basic research stuff that you guys show in the course and I came
 back and I showed him, I said, right now you're averaging one visitor per month over the last
 six months.
 I mean, six people in the last six months have actually come from the site that you love so
 much.
 You think it's beautiful.
 Six people.
 I was like, and I offer my, I'll give you $10,000.
 We'll get a funnel hub or whatever.
 But the reality is this is not actually doing anything for you.
 They think it is because in their head, as soon as you realize, like you got six visitors
 in the last six months from this.
 This is not good.
 More people who like found the yellow pages, you know, and the thrift store that somehow
 found you because like nobody's coming here despite the fact you think they are.
 And I think when people start realizing that it's like, oh my gosh, maybe this isn't a
 good website.
 Yeah.
 And businesses kind of know that and like in their guts somewhere, like you're in what's,
 what we're doing to the sales process is we're confirming their suspicions.
 They suspect that their website isn't doing the job they thought it was doing and they've
 been able to ignore it up until now and through this process and showing them exactly what's
 going on, they're now have the definitive proof from you who's selling this to them that this
 thing's not working.
 And here's not just is not working.
 It's just here's why it's not working.
 And when you can connect those two things, that's like, that's mind blowing to them.
 They're like, okay, I knew I was right.
 I knew the thing that we built before wasn't actually doing the job.
 And now I see what I need to do about it, which is fun.
 So good.
 Ah, he is getting this.
 If you are, it's time to go funnel hub launchpad.com/go.
 Okay, more questions.
 These are so good.
 Okay.
 This one's actually specifically about the course.
 So after someone goes to funnel hub launchpad.com/go, they get started.
 Next question is how much time do you dedicate to this course?
 Is this like a college curriculum?
 You got to take six months to go figure out like how long does it take to someone to actually
 go through the course and learn the skillsets they need?
 Yeah.
 I mean ultimately, it's going to take time to go through it, but what you want to get out
 of it can happen very quickly.
 You know, we've had people that have gone through it, you know, started on like on a
 Friday and by Monday, they're having their first conversations with people around the
 opportunity to sell them funnel hubs.
 Like it can really happen that quickly for people who need to learn sales and how to
 build it and all those things.
 Like it could take a little bit longer, but the point is that everything's really bite
 size and the pieces that you need.
 Like you may not need to consume 100% of this thing.
 There's just the pieces that are relevant to where you're at now and help you get to
 that next step.
 We don't want to bury you in course content.
 We want to give you exactly what you need and give you the shortcuts so that you can get
 this work immediately.
 Yeah, very cool.
 And the course is awesome.
 I've had a chance to go through it.
 I did some of the modules for it.
 Our team did a bunch.
 You guys did an amazing job.
 Like it's fun.
 You're going to learn a lot.
 It's not like a boring, I mean, as much as I love school, it's not like a boring teacher.
 Like the people like us who are excited by this and the passionate and like and hopefully
 fulfill the passion come through on the training.
 Okay, this is a good question as well.
 How much can I charge for a funnel hub realistically?
 Okay.
 So I'm a firm believer that you deserve to get paid based off of the value you provide
 and not the time it takes.
 And as we talked about like being able to leverage all these shortcuts, being able to leverage
 a click funnels to do this a lot faster, like you're going to be able to do these really
 quick.
 And so the mistake I see people making well is it didn't take me a lot of time.
 So therefore I can't charge a lot of money.
 Now the most successful companies in the world have figured out how to disconnect the amount
 of money they make from the time that it takes.
 And that's a big part of what we teach here.
 So like while you might decide because if let's say you're in the category of people,
 it's your first time.
 Like maybe because of your confidence level that you want to just, you know, try and do
 this one on your bill one for yourself.
 And then you might go to your best friend who say who owns that gym say, hey, can I try
 this and I'm just going to charge you what it costs me to the investment that I made inside
 this course.
 And I just do that way first.
 But I don't want people to think that that's like the ceiling or as high as you can go.
 Like, you know, Russell, we sold you one for $25,000 and that was not, of course there
 was some relationship and trust there.
 But the big reason that you bought into it was because of the, you know, you can confirm
 this or not.
 But I would guess because you had, you saw the strategy and the value that we were going
 to provide as a result of that.
 Like we made money on the $25,000 that you paid us.
 Like it didn't, we didn't spend all that and all of our labor and all of it to make that
 thing happen.
 We were able to put money in our pocket, which is ultimately a big part of why we're in this.
 You know, we shared with you kind of some of those examples of some of our students who
 have done this.
 Now, these are students that previously were selling websites for less than what they knew
 they should be.
 They knew that they were providing a ton of value, but they didn't know how to communicate
 that value to that client.
 So whether it be a $5,000 investment or a $12,000 or $20,000 investment for these projects,
 you know, that's a big part of how we kind of coach during this course, like how we show
 what surprises that, why it's there and how to make sure that that exchange of value
 is there, that they're seeing a ton of value from what you're doing.
 But then you're also like excited to sell it to them.
 The thing is worse, right?
 Then selling a project and then being like darn, they bought it.
 Exactly.
 That's how we always sell it, right?
 The website's like half day just face for now, we got to do all this work.
 It's going to take forever.
 It's going to take 12 to 15 weeks.
 Yeah.
 I think what people need to understand is that like when I gave you $25,000 because I
 wanted the result, I don't care what took you.
 In fact, I would have preferred if it took an hour, right?
 Because I didn't want to wait three months, I wanted to result today.
 Yeah, that's too.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And I think that's the thing you have to understand.
 Depending on the types of businesses you sell, you're building a thing but this thing generates
 leads for them, right?
 So it's like if they say they're a cosmetic dentist and their average lead comes in,
 I don't know what I did with the numbers, I have to say $5,000 or $3,000 per client is
 on average.
 Like if you're a funnel hub, get some 10 clients a month, that's $30,000 in business.
 Like you can charge them $5,000, something brings them $30,000 a month in business.
 Absolutely.
 They don't care if it takes them a day, an hour, 16 months, it doesn't matter to them,
 they just want the result.
 Like that's you have to disconnect from it's like the hours.
 It's not like I'm making 50 bucks an hour as a funnel hub builder or $100 an hour, $500
 an hour, it doesn't matter.
 It's like this is the service I provide people the time which I get paid for it and the better
 you get, the faster you can get done.
 And so you, you know, looking at what is the value of an average dollar ticket for the
 clients that you're working with, it's a huge factor in understanding what is the value
 that you're providing.
 Absolutely.
 You know, somebody's selling $10 things over and over again is going to be harder to sell
 than someone where one sale represents, you know, six months of their revenue, right?
 It's a much different kind of scenario and your place in that equation and helping that
 is very valuable.
 And you knowing where you're at on that scale is what helps you understand where the right
 pricing and investment is for something like that.
 Yeah.
 Awesome.
 So where do they go again?
 They want to do funnelhub launchpad.com/go.
 Funnelhub launchpad.com/go.
 Okay.
 So next question is probably question more so for me, but how does it work with ClickFunnels
 with the new ClickFunnels platform and agencies and doing these for other people?
 So a couple of things are really cool.
 The new ClickFunnels basically each, depending what level you sign up for, you get different
 accounts, right?
 So sometimes you may have one site, which gives you a site and as many funnels as you
 want, right?
 That's like basically a client.
 Different levels give you three or five or different different, depending what level you
 sign up for, right?
 What's cool about is like for each, for each client you sign up, you get a website.
 So it gives you the ability to create the funnel hub and then as many funnels as you
 want and you go and then you build it and that all stays in your own account.
 What's cool about it is let's say somebody in the future that client wants to take it
 over from you.
 You can have them go create a ClickFunnels account and then you can actually push that
 into their account.
 So now they have their entire business, everything or let's say you own one of the companies
 you want to sell it.
 You can literally just click a button and he transfers into a new person's ClickFunnels
 account and it migrates the entire thing, which is really cool.
 And so in the past, people, a lot of times who had agencies would be building five or
 six people single under one ClickFunnels account and then if someone wanted their business,
 they wanted to control their business, they couldn't do that because all the leads are
 together and stuff.
 It's now everything's separate.
 So it depends on what level account of ClickFunnels you have, but depending on that level is
 how many accounts you can have.
 There's an agency account that gives you a whole bunch of sub accounts so you can have
 a bunch of clients and then you can add on more clients on top of that.
 And so that's cool.
 Yeah, that's kind of how it works.
 Nice.
 One of the benefits I know that you guys have had in your agency is since what year did
 you start 2003?
 2003.
 So you've been building websites people and over time, people will build a website that
 pay you but then they got to pay to host it, right?
 The cool thing about funnel hub is the same thing, right?
 Somebody pays you to build it but then it's being hosted on a ClickFunnels platform and
 you can charge people or you can set them up as different ways to do it but you get recurring
 income.
 And I'm curious, over you guys doing this for that so many years, you probably can't tell
 me your revenue numbers, things like that.
 But what does that look like for you?
 Just from a cash flow standpoint, your business knowing that every month you're getting the
 recurring fees from all these things you build over the last couple of years.
 And recurring revenue is the thing that really makes an agency sing and makes it a stable
 business that we can rely on and not have to have these cycles or feaster famine.
 And so we have clients that have been paying us consistently every month every year since
 2003.
 I mean, some of those websites desperately need to be redone and funnel hub and all that.
 But even still, it's such a...
 When business isn't going awesomely for someone, they don't turn off the electricity.
 They also don't turn off their website.
 And so that's become a big source for us, that client after client, month after month
 after year after year, that stuff is stacked.
 And it's been a really great source of revenue for us that we can rely on and make some money
 at and provide a great service at the same time.
 All right, next question I have is, some people will listen to this are not in the United
 States, they're outside of the United States, and they're curious if this will work or if
 this is just a US-based opportunity.
 Yeah, this is something where like this is a universal principle.
 And I'm sure you've had experienced people reading expert secrets and be able to apply
 these ideas to their business for success.
 Like this is the same thing here that I believe that telling the story of your business
 is universal.
 Like people want to do business with people and building relationships as a component
 of selling the product or service that you offer, then the funnel hub is going to work
 for your businesses no matter where you're located.
 Yeah, for sure.
 We've seen just like ClickFunnels where we've got people and they're probably watching
 this who are in Italy who learn the stuff, they go back to Italy and there's nobody
 there doing it.
 And none of the ClickFunnels stuff is in Italian, so they go and they take it and they translate
 and they go ClickFunnels accounts and they're making insane amounts of money in the country.
 So yeah, if you're not, you know, I mean right now, you guys are in Arizona, I'm in Idaho.
 There's not many people doing this.
 Even we talked about earlier, even if there's like a thousand people in Arizona doing it,
 they still have businesses to go around.
 But if you're in another country and you're the only person like man, the opportunity
 is insane.
 Yeah.
 And for 500 bucks to get into the business like, come on now.
 Where do people go to give you the 500 bucks again?
 funnelhub.com/go.
 Very cool.
 Okay, next question.
 So they're asking about funnelhub specifically, is our funnelubs only for businesses who already
 have funnels?
 Well, we gave you some examples earlier.
 I would say if they do have funnels, like it's an absolute no-brainer, right?
 Everybody that sees the story, they see like the leaky funnel and all that stuff, they're
 just like completely sold on it.
 But for the small business, it just doesn't have a lot of exposure to that and you're
 kind of just like talking over their head and using techno-babble, like we don't want
 to do that, right?
 For them, it still makes a lot of sense because their website suck and they should have that
 website, right?
 Either case, if they have funnels, absolutely.
 It's a no-brainer for somebody that doesn't.
 There's still great candidate for this as well.
 So you mentioned earlier is that businesses that need these funnel hubs that are locally
 focused, the word funnel may not make sense to them.
 And we actually have a slightly different approach when we sell these businesses and
 that's included in the course as well.
 How do you actually translate all the things that we know, geeking out on funnels and translate
 that into language that a local business can understand and buy into?
 At the end of the day, it doesn't matter what it is they're buying.
 They're buying a marketing hub, they're buying a funnel hub because the principle is the
 same and the result is what we're really after.
 And that's a pathway for us then to help local business with funnels and really blow
 up their business.
 I'd say that's one of the coolest parts of this.
 Yeah, definitely for sure.
 Awesome.
 How do they know if this opportunity is right for them?
 So I would say that if you're sticking around listening to this point, you must know that
 there's either someone in your world that could benefit from this.
 That might be someone that's like a relationship, that's a sort of play, the gym that you go
 to, or maybe it's your existing client list of people that you've been working with.
 And if you have a desire to help clients get a better results, to help them increase their
 customer activity, this is something where like, if you're worried about like how to
 sell it, how to deliver it, if there's any question marks there, that's what this course
 is filling in the gaps.
 But if you kind of ultimately understand and feel and believe that there's some opportunity
 that lives here for you, I would encourage you to kind of listen to that knowing that
 you know, AJ and I are going to be walking through all the unknowns, all those questions.
 It's something where we're going to be able to ship or do you through that process.
 But what I think you want you to tap into is the fact that yes, there is actually people
 who need help with this.
 And if you can really see that, like that's all of that, you really need to take the leap
 of faith.
 I think it's important people understand what you guys have a money bag guarantee.
 So if they go through this, it's like this is not working or turns out no one wants a
 funnel hub or turns out that you know, any of these things like they'll get their money
 back, but it's a big scheme is like just going, putting in the 500 bucks, try to build one
 funnel hub and five extra money.
 And then now you have the skills that for the rest of your life, I wish colleges that
 way like, hey, take this one course, it's going to be like a weekend, you learn it,
 well, you'll make your money back.
 And then from that point forward, you're in profit.
 I'll just kind of the opposite of that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And this is actually something that's useful today.
 And it's again, I hate using words like ground floor opportunities.
 So I won't, but there's like a dozen people doing this right now.
 So there's a dozen.
 There's how many millions of businesses in the world.
 How many, how many tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands in the area you're in.
 And the cool thing is like, let's say your area only has three businesses.
 That's the internet.
 Like you can sell to any business.
 They don't have to be in your local area either, you know, how many authors go on Amazon,
 every single author needs a funnel hub.
 How many books are on Amazon?
 There's like, I don't know, I would say billions, but at least millions of different
 books, right?
 Go to, and not just authors, they go to Amazon, they go to every other product, like people
 are selling protein pancake mixes, people are selling markers, people are selling iPhone
 cables, like they all need funnel hubs as well, right?
 Go to Etsy, every single person on Etsy needs the funnel hub.
 Go to Shopify, every single Shopify store needs the funnel hub.
 Like, like the, the opportunities are only based on like your creativity, right?
 Like go to Google type in any keyword, look on any of the top 10 listings or any of the
 side or go page two or page three.
 All those people need the funnel hub because they're on page two, right?
 Like any keyword you can dream of, like there's how many keywords in the world?
 Infinity, right?
 There's like, everybody came to us for this, like we wouldn't be able to keep up.
 We need help guys.
 Like we, we didn't take all these jobs on for sure.
 Oh yeah.
 I mean, for you guys, obviously you're having a chance to help so many people on my side.
 Like I'm, I'm incentivized.
 Like I love sharing this because it gets more people using ClickFunnels, which is my
 admission when all send down.
 So like it's a huge win-win because you guys get your message out.
 We get people using ClickFunnels.
 You guys have a chance to make great, like great income from this opportunity.
 And then businesses get help because they actually no longer buried in the search unit
 results or not even there at all.
 And they have something powerful.
 So yes, I'm a, I believe what you're doing funnel hub launchpad.com/go.
 This business is right for you, but only if you like money.
 If you hate money, like you should not do it.
 If you hate serving people, you should not do it.
 If you can't Google keywords, probably not a good, like you've never been to Amazon.com.
 Probably not good for you, but for everybody else, like this is, this is insane.
 Like you should just do it.
 All right.
 Okay.
 Oh, this is good.
 A lot of people, this is like the first time they've ever looked at a business like what
 else do they need to start a business like this?
 Like they need higher lawyers and contracts and all kinds of stuff.
 Like what does, what does it actually look like?
 Yeah.
 The beautiful thing about running a web or digital marketing agency is the period of entry is
 very low.
 That's also what also becomes a challenge because there's so much to feel like you need to know
 in order to do this.
 When I started the agency in 2003, I had internet connection and the laptop that was
 financed by my dad.
 The thing is that that bare bones entry plus what we're teaching in these courses here
 is that it's really what everything that you need.
 That we've built a lot of course material to help you understand where the pitfalls are,
 understanding what you need to do to build these funnel hubs, how to sell them, and ultimately
 we've got to climb through that process and we have the support along the way to help
 you with anything that comes up because ultimately these aren't hard businesses to start especially
 when you have the support, the training, and us to help you along the way.
 Yeah I think about like back in the day when we started businesses, there's so much setup
 and nowadays the tools are free, Gmail is free, Google Docs, all kinds of things where in
 the past started business was really expensive nowadays.
 Yeah, it's not much at all.
 The next questions are all tied around people asking like, "Well I'm not a designer, I'm
 not a coder, I'm not a programmer, I'm not a copywriter, do I have the skills I actually
 need to be able to do something like this?
 What does that look like?"
 Having gone into ClickFunnels and see what you guys have done there is quite impressive.
 There are templates that will help get you most of the way there.
 There is all the tools that make this really simple.
 Does having a design or coding background helpful?
 Absolutely, right?
 A good eye for design and that kind of thing.
 It's something where you're going to have a jumping off point where you're most of the
 way there and that's something that you'll be able to leverage a lot of the things that
 you guys have built to create an easier pathway to getting a result that you're going to be
 proud of.
 Yeah for a long time we really pride in ourselves on these awesome websites that our team would
 put together having separate designers and coders and so forth but that was with old
 web builders that just put out crappy looking websites.
 It would be line if we said that the stuff that this is spinning out now isn't at the
 same level as what our team's able to put together because the technologies could just
 caught up so much and the two that you put together, they look amazing.
 I am not a coder.
 I have a t-shirt that says non-technical co-founder of ClickFunnels because the joke is always
 out on technical aim and the first two funnel hubs ever built on a platform were built by
 me as a non-coder so if I can do it you can do it as well.
 That's the key.
 It's awesome.
 Okay and I think I have one last question and then we'll probably be close wrapping up
 for the show for today.
 But the last question I think is a really intelligent question as well.
 Let's say you do this whole process, you sell somebody a funnel hub they came in.
 Now what else can you say?
 I want to paint a picture because again as powerful as a funnel hub is because you get
 the front money you make for doing.
 You get recurring hosting fees, you get maintenance fees.
 That part of the business is exciting but most people understand it's like that's the
 beginning of the relationship.
 What are the things could they potentially sell these business owners to give them more
 value but to make more money for themselves as well?
 Ultimately anything you sell your client and they're coming to you to build a funnel hub
 is about creating more customer activity.
 Ultimately we find a common thread.
 So what else creates more customer activity?
 It's like helping clients with their online review and reputation, helping them run their
 Facebook ads, helping them build their funnels, helping them with copywriting, helping them
 run with SEO and paid ads.
 I mean there's a lot of different things that clients need help with.
 The hard part is getting the client in the first place.
 They say it's six times easier to sell to someone that already knows you than someone
 that doesn't know you at all.
 So leveraging the relationship that you have makes it a lot easier especially coming off
 the foundation of having done work together it makes it way easier to do that.
 So when we talk about recurring revenue being the most amazing thing a business can have
 that's money that comes in month after month without you having to go out there and resell
 that the foundation to be able to do that is a good customer relationship client relationship
 where you can provide additional value to them and we find a lot of those digital marketing
 services fit into that really beautifully.
 Yeah, that's awesome.
 I think this is something that's exciting.
 Again, this is probably the fastest thing I ever bought as a customer with $5,000, three
 slides in and not only me but again all the major influencers in the industry have all
 jumped on board with this.
 They understand it.
 They see the power of it.
 You guys have done local businesses which is amazing.
 Now you've had a chance to teach it to other people who this has become their opportunity.
 This has become their new career and it's like it's so exciting to see this and again
 the reason why we want to bring it here to the marketing secret show is because nobody's
 doing this yet.
 This is like the beginning of the beginning.
 So you guys who are here listening and watching this you have a chance to find out about this
 before anybody else in the world even knows about it and it is again I think going to
 be the biggest opportunity of the next five years.
 It's going to be what websites were twenty, twenty five years ago.
 You look at that and how many people made millions and millions of dollars selling websites
 during that era.
 Now it's hard to be websites now because everyone's got one and they don't.
 You know like a lot of times they go and they do them incorrectly.
 They can build their own and there's different things like that where this is something that's
 new.
 It's exciting.
 It's like it's actually useful gets them results.
 It's like it's just it's like the perfect storm of things and I'm grateful for you guys.
 First off discovering this like again I said at the beginning.
 And everyone's knows nobody's size.
 So for you guys and it's taking these two worlds and blending them together and creating
 this new opportunity that's that's huge for people.
 So I appreciate you guys coming and sharing the stories.
 I'm excited for those who are listening right now where they got to go to go get started
 with the funnel hub launch pad.
 Funnelhub launch pad dot com slash go.
 There's the site and you go there again.
 It's 500 bucks which is crazy.
 You sell your first funnel up for twenty five hundred bucks and you five extra money and
 then you've got to skill stuff the rest of your life.
 A recap of the things you said when people get started number one they have all the training
 on how to actually sell the funnel up.
 So if you're not a sales person you're nervous watch that it's going to show you how to do
 it.
 Plus they give you the slide deck all 74 slides you guys go through to actually take a client
 through it and all you do is you take the client's info you put in slides and then you
 show up and you look like you've spent the last like 10 years presenting the thing and
 you click through it and then they just give you money like you get the slides you get
 the training all kinds of stuff.
 So selling funnel hubs you get that.
 For those who like I know how to sell but I'm going to build it you have all the training
 how to build the funnel hubs.
 Here's the psychology of how do you weave in all of the principles and expert secrets.
 You actually weave that into the funnel hub but then there's like the videos also showing
 you technically in ClickFunnels how to drag and drop.
 My team has helped build all those videos so you see exactly how to actually build technically
 and then my team our designers built the most amazing template of like prebuilt funnel hubs
 for you guys.
 So you pick one and you're like halfway 90% there replace logos throw in the copy and
 you got a funnel hub ready to rock and roll.
 The third thing and this is the client management process is that you guys are way more familiar
 with than me but how do you take a client and take them through the process to get it
 so that when it's done you have everything you need from then build to create these amazing
 funnel hubs and then number four is the upselling and sending.
 Now you have them as a client how do you sell them all the other products and services.
 I don't know about this I've never I don't run an agency but I know you're having five
 clients that are all paying you with a lot of money is probably better than having 200
 clients who are all paying a little bit of money right like this fourth module is key
 like how to take these clients you get them a result and then how to sell them the next
 thing and the next thing and then again I record a bunch of videos for you guys as well
 to plug into the course as well just to hopefully add some more value.
 I go through the dead file funnel the fishbowl funnel and follow up funnels these are these
 are things you can give your clients literally for free because they take you anyway 15-20
 minutes to set up in their business they start getting leads instantly and all of a sudden
 like man this guy came to my office and 15 minutes of me now I'm getting leads I must
 have a funnel hub from them like take my money right and so that's all the stuff you're getting
 it's 500 bucks again there's 30-day money back guarantees if you go through it like this
 doesn't work it doesn't make sense you get your money back but if it does go through it
 you go through the process do the training go pitch one of your buddies get your 500
 bucks back or you know sell for 2500 make 5x to fit whatever you can sell for get your
 money back plus more and then you've got a skill set for the rest of your life you can
 train your family on your kids on it like can you imagine like I want my kids doing this
 like they want summer jobs at Walmart like they should have summer jobs building funnel hubs
 for for clients and things like that in fact we do we do part of our coaching program we
 have a kids event we should have you guys come and teach the kids event like here's how kids
 can build fun all of like the actual training because then if all the kids have that at the
 time they're done like it's can you imagine teenagers being able to to go and like work
 in a weekend make 500 bucks make a thousand bucks and then take the rest of the month off
 like they're just trying to get his daughter to do this too yeah so she'll probably need
 to come to that event just to just realize it's not just her dad trying to answer it's
 actually cool I found out she was doing my size for like 200 bucks I'm like you're gonna
 watch this course and figure out it's always more for that and do them right so cool excited
 about it so so cool so I think this is just an amazing opportunity for everybody and so
 appreciate it's coming out you guys who watch in a home if you're interested this is like one of
 the best no-brainer things I've ever seen funnel hub launch pad dot com slash go 500 bucks you get
 everything you need to go and create one of these things and you guys heard about it here first like
 this is the beginning you will over the next year five years 10 from here years now you hope
 people talk about all the time but right now like it's totally the beginning there's a handful
 of people go by this event such a wild ride just watching my mentors people I look up to
 smartest people just look at this look at this and say man it just only makes sense right it's
 like wow this does make sense and it's like it's been sitting there and we just want to share it
 with everybody else and want to see it go all over the world and people help other small businesses
 really put themselves out there in a way that makes sense and helps them yeah so cool well there
 you go guys thanks so much for being here Mike and AJ I appreciate you guys funnel hub launch pad
 com slash go get started uh get in the training start building funnel hubs and get even if you're
 like I don't want to do this is an opportunity but I want to do it for my own business like 500 bucks
 you get all the training or let's say you're like I have a business I'm too busy pay the 500 bucks
 and have your front desk staff go through it now some they become like the most profitable
 person in your team because they build your funnel hub right there's so many ways but I get
 the training go through it get funnel hubs built uh thank you guys for being here appreciate you
 all funnel hub launch pad.com slash go and we'll see you guys on the next episode of marketing
 secrets live thanks everybody thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've
 loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram
 or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode
 and what you like to hear in the future that'll help me to know what to create for you. Also Dan
 Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever designed to help you make maximum
 money in minimum time this free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information
 for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at nobsletter.com
 not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift you also need a subscription to two marketing
 newsletters you'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan
 Kennedy and one from me to get this gift and your subscription go to nobsletter.com right now.
