 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the mark and see his podcast ah what do you think about yesterday's episode?
 This wasn't yesterday day or two ago. I don't know I'm recording these at the same time
 So it seems like yesterday, but for you you get him every other day or something like that. So
 I hope you enjoyed it about Tony Robbins in the dream 100
 I don't know if I told you this enough Tony is our big keynote
 and it's just fun liking life
 so if you want to meet my mentor and hang out with him and get to know him and
 Get your life changed by him like you changed my life
 You better get your tickets for lucky live. What are you waiting for?
 For lucky live calm
 Anyway, this next episode is one. This is really special one and I was nervous to share this video
 If you haven't seen the video again go to our YouTube channel
 I think if you go to fun locker TV calm, it'll take you to the our channel
 But go to the channel and watch the video because the visuals are amazing
 But this is a private intervention with me and Tony Robbins
 He basically consulted me on the next steps of my life and my business and it was very emotional very powerful very cool
 Very cool lesson. So I hope you enjoy it. I'm gonna queue up the theme song when we come back
 We'll jump right into episode with that said don't forget get your tickets for knocking live calm
 So you come here me and Tony and the rest of our amazing audience we put together for you
 And number two if you haven't gone to our YouTube channel yet
 And you want like go to our YouTube channel get these videos there and say you're putting tons of time and effort and money into making amazing
 And visually appealing, but the audio is just as powerful. So listen the audio, but go check out the video as well
 Thanks so much, and we'll talk to you soon
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so the mastermind I didn't really know what to expect and I asked Dean and Dean was like
 Oh, well, like you know we talk about business, but like we always talk about business like like with with leverage Tony while we got him for a couple hours
 It's Russell gonna join us too. Yeah, okay cool
 I think it'd be worth taking a few moments minute or two with each and have you tell us where are you right now in your life?
 You know, where are you what's great? What's missing? What needs to change?
 And let's see if we can't go a little deep so it's not a surface thing here. We're happy to answer
 You know marketing and sales and business questions of course, but my hope for you is that we go a little deeper because
 How many of you are between 35 and 45?
 virtually all of you so if you're in that if you're in that range close to it every stage of life has different opportunities and different challenges and
 I'm lucky enough to live almost 60 years now
 And I can look back on those years and see each decade and everyone's different. Nothing's universal, but
 There's certain things that at stage of life show up for people pretty predictably
 And if we look at some of those things we might be able to give you even more help than just your business
 Which will help your business as well?
 So if you're open to it, we'll go there. So I'd suggest going deeper than you even thought you were gonna be and I also want to give it up
 For Russell our other partner and friend and help and make this
 What a what a great friend and it's been amazing for us to get to know you more and glad it's been so awesome
 You guys are family now so without any further ado
 Let's do this and the way we basically did was there's ten of us that were that were kind of in this little small group
 And Dean and Tony are in front and everyone had a chance to kind of do themselves talk about what they were doing having success
 So everyone can celebrate together and then talk about what in your business your life you were
 You had questions about are you you were at a crossroads and you know what to do or and just kind of you know
 Be vulnerable and share that a little bit and I was in the second row
 So I had a little while to sit back and just relax and a couple hours to watch him go deep on everybody else
 But what's amazing about Tony when you watch him do what he does
 He has context of who's in the room so he does like he'll go deep on some of this intervention as he's doing it
 He's saying things specifically that he knows like Russell needs to hear or Jenna needs to hear whatever and
 He'll say something and he'll mention it. He'll look at me like like direct eye contact like that was for you Russell
 I'm like got you like I okay
 I'm picking up what you're laying down
 So I had a chance to see him do a bunch of interventions like Lewis house and Josh Bazzoni and Billie Jean and just all
 Them people leading up to me, you know and from everyone's presentation
 I got different pieces about like how to structure your life how to do your morning routines
 All these cool things that made me start thinking to my head about click funnels in the future. Why do I want to actually do?
 This thing we've worked with individuals, but how many gotten something for yourself at each one so far?
 I just want to make sure okay good. Just want to make sure in fact by the time it got to me
 I was just like I'm kind of good like I know most of the answers I'm looking for
 Hey
 You should be up here talking with you
 No, I want to be back here, but there's one question that I've always wanted to ask Tony, but I've been really nervous about it
 It's kind of a question that like I
 Don't think anybody else would ever dare to ask him or even bring it up
 but
 Russell at lunch today said what I really want to ask Tony is how's his breath? Oh, we so amazing. Oh, how's your breath?
 Oh, you're breath is insanely good all the time. That's what he said
 That's my real
 Question, but well, I'm sorry. You can text me the answers that one sometime
 That's that
 I literally said last night when you're best bad you're very acidic
 It's hard to put it as an actual question, so I'm not really sure exactly it has to do with kind of just direction
 So
 Obviously click funnels turns five years old in two weeks. It's been five years runs
 That's awesome. Thank you
 It's
 Become bigger than we ever I think dreamt initially and it's been a really really fun ride as we've been growing
 We're almost 400 employees now. We've got we passed 95,000 active customers last week
 We should hit a hundred thousand by the end this year, so a lot of fun things. That's what I'm saying. That's not a promotion. It's a business
 But also it's and I remember the very first time we met at
 UPW like 10 or 11 years ago and
 Toronto in Toronto
 Yeah, and you told me so the reason why you got in this business is because of the art like you did
 You were doing your art and then you built a business because you had to do it to be able to support your art
 And I've always felt like that's very similar to me like I love the art of what I do and that's why I'm passionate about
 So I love it. It's like it's all about that for me and
 As the business has grown I'm still in the CEO role and I think that's been one of the hard things is that as it's grown
 My ability to do the art has shrunk. I have I have pockets of times like you do like doing events
 I love I love writing the books. I love doing content, but you're now I'm a CEO also which
 Especially this level. There's all the legal compliance now, which you know
 You take my art and then the lawyers look at it and they try to destroy the art to before they send it out
 Which like makes me you know like it's hard and then you get
 Just all the the government regulations and you know where we process four billion dollars so far through click phones now
 It's just like the bureaucracy bureaucracy that that part of it now is like what takes up so much of my time
 And the my ability to spend time in the art has gotten smaller and smaller and I think that's kind of then this weird spot
 Where it's like?
 We have an opportunity I think if we wanted to exit we could exit
 But then I the fear of hate if I did exit what I lose my art my art and is there a way to?
 Exit and keep the art or is it just do I need to shift?
 So I can do my art and not worry about the that part of it. So that's kind of the question coming into it
 It's a lot of stuff you said to Josh has been was really good for me as well
 Here's a different though because you're you have really mastered that business at a really amazing level where you could tell for a billion dollars
 Probably on the on a gross multiple as you described right?
 So I don't think it's quite the same thing there, but I think the difference is the art matters to you emotionally
 That's why I brought it up to you when I was talking up here
 It matters to you so much that if you don't have what's next before you sell it you're making a big mistake
 So you either got to decide I'm gonna get like maybe I'll get evaluation slightly less
 But all my employees will win and all win and I can keep running it and I'll do my my art and I'm gonna hire someone to be the CEO
 And I'll be the chairman
 That's what I would do. That's what I'm in my company. I'm the chairman. I'm no longer the CEO
 So you either decide to exit because you don't want those things in those cases
 You know, I'm not the CEO there anyway
 So I'm also doing it
 But for me it was getting in the way of what I want to do and the other is I made myself chairman
 I hired CEOs that are really skilled in those periods and then decided what I want to do with those businesses
 Because I want to keep them so I got enough assets enough benefit
 I don't need a cell you have enough assets probably could you live very humbly you're this guy's one of those humble people
 I know he's like a hundred two million times better than he ever projects himself to be he always understates who the
 He is he's a total stud and he's incredibly humble. Is he not?
 It's incredible and he lives humble life and he's got five beautiful children
 He's like he's just a great human being you all know that I think of you interact with him
 So you have all that's by the by the speak by the by the tail so
 To be and be like, okay, I can exist
 But if I'm gonna do it what I'm gonna use that for that's gonna be even more fulfilling
 Otherwise, I should keep this and get someone else to I don't want to who's even better than me get back into my art
 But my as your friend
 You love what you do you light up when you I love being around you
 He said you all get a mint quick fun. I was like wow
 It's like it's it's like Jesus has come to earth and it's coming through his body, you know, it's a beautiful thing
 So for you to sell that is really exciting right now. I
 Don't know if it'll be exciting five years from now unless you found the next most exciting thing that you're gonna go build and make
 Go do because the money's not gonna change your life, brother. You don't change your life at the moment
 It'll provide some comforts or some securities maybe more than you have but honestly with lifestyle you have you got plenty
 I would not let the momentum of the business determine where my life is gonna go
 I decide where my life's gonna go and decide where the business needs to go based on that
 Because otherwise everybody around you is gonna push you towards it and because a billion dollars like that's the big number
 Everybody wants to hit not everybody most people hit a million dollars, but a billion. Oh my god, you know, and a billion dollars unbelievable
 but
 Most of your life probably won't change very much
 So maybe decide how you're gonna get the assets you want for yourself and your family
 But where you could do the art still and keep growing it
 Just for your own
 Fulfillment and because you have so much to give and you're like holding you now
 39 you're not even 40 you're getting the gun your journey. That's beautiful what you've accomplished. No, I mean
 Yeah, that's not a derogatory. It just means well
 I'm 60 how do you think about the next 20 years what you can do for where you are now?
 Think of me where I was at 39 was like most people like I was unbelievable. It was like nothing compared to what I'm doing now
 So I wouldn't sell myself short for the money
 I could still get the money. It should be smart. You should take it off the table. You've built something
 You should do it should help your people do it. Let's figure out what your plan is. It's gonna be more fulfilling
 That's that's the most important thing is the end. It's the fulfillment's gonna make the quality of life happen
 It's not gonna be the dollars
 And you love what you do brother
 And you're and you're getting pulled away from some of it as you said more and more
 So all the more reason to sell the business, but that's not really the reason that just means you shouldn't be doing that role
 Find somebody is so good. It really loves that
 That's what you put in there that they they thrive on that
 It's like knowing who knowing what your greatest gifts are and staying with those even more the business wouldn't be here because of your CEO role
 The business is here because your vision and your influence and your passion and your creativity and your intelligence and your caring and your ability to teach and your humility
 That makes everybody go man
 He really seems like an easy guy if he can do what I could do it to you don't seem like superhuman and you are
 But you don't seem like it, which is what makes more people be able to succeed
 I'm six seven. So sometimes I think I'm super human
 But they think I am so then sometimes I was like Tony can do that what about me
 But if they spend enough time with me they see they don't have to do what I do they do what they do even better, you know
 Makes sense I think I think for sure your company
 Obviously you're on track to do great things
 But I think if you got the right CEO in place who loved being a CEO as much as you love marketing
 You would have there's another level of exponential growth because I know you you and I market we think a lot of like we have great
 Conversations you're just getting pulled away from that genius of yours
 Your biggest growth could be just what Tony's talking about is a CEO that loved running the day-to-day as much as you love marketing and you got back into your craft
 I think there's a I think there's another
 exponential growth waiting with that decision
 But also it's also timing you should probably take something off the table, right?
 But still keep your vehicle unless you found a better one
 You need to get out of what you don't enjoy
 Because when you do what you enjoy you crush it
 Right and you feel alive
 She knows better than anybody right?
 There is two types of marketing that are going sucking your energy external or internal marketing
 External marketing is the time you're spending serving the customer and the client or maybe your internal clients
 Internal marketing is dealing with all the
 Frustrating pisses you off and if you're spending so much time on internal marketing you have less for external marketing
 The business will not have the same value or more importantly even the business keeps going you aren't filming same value
 So there's only so much E I got a lot of it you guys do too eating pure energy
 But there is a limit no matter who we are no matter how strong you are
 So you got to say where is that energy going to go?
 And if there's any mistake I used to make by the way
 It's stayed with people way too long because I'm a very loyal person
 But what I've learned is if I'm not loyal to the mission if I'm not loyal to the best players by trying to stay with somebody
 If you if you're gonna play with Michael Jordan you better be ready to play
 Otherwise go play somewhere else nothing wrong with you not wanting to give the same amount as I do
 But you shouldn't be on this team
 Find somebody that loves to deliver as much as you do on the marketing or team set it'll be a different game for you
 As a consumer your content like I listen to every podcast that you release and I can
 Hear you like just trying your best to squeeze in that time like on your drives to work or wherever it can be
 And it's always gold and like I always do kind of leave those episodes thinking like what if Russell just had more
 Time to create to write to do what frankly you do best
 And so I I think that chairman is a really interesting role for somebody like you that was cool
 Give me
 James
 Well, thank you both so much. I feel like I've already gotten so much. My name is James meldo
 Yeah, I think a lot of entrepreneurs
 They start their businesses because they're passionate about a thing right like a great
 Photography or I'm great design or I'm like whatever like they get into it because of the passion for the thing
 And then you have to learn all these businesses to be able to
 To support the art and I think it's interesting how we all eventually have to become the CEO of our of our business because we're the ones
 Who were the most passionate we get stuck in the CEO role because that's where you know
 You need to be to drive the ship
 But a lot of times that's what it would then makes us you know
 We spent time with the art and then and then you start
 In some cases resenting you you know shifts really quickly from from being an entrepreneur to back to being a job
 It's kind of the opposite reason why most of us got into this business
 And I'm not exactly positive what I'm gonna do
 For sure, I'm gonna do is I'm gonna try to have like an inventory myself to really sit down today
 Okay
 What are the things that I love if I was to design my perfect week?
 What would that look like if I design my perfect month and perfect year?
 Like I think a lot of times we don't focus on architecting that and designing it
 Instead come to the officer and it's like ah there's a bunch of fires like what fired up about first second and third
 Instead it's coming back. Okay. Who's who's the person that can be a charge of the fires?
 I was to build this move around up right now
 And only put myself in the spots that they give me the most passion and fire and excitement
 Like what would those be almost like writing your own job description for your own job?
 Like this is my job description. I do this I do this I do this I do this and make a job description
 The stuff you don't like as much and take that job description like who's the person that wants this job?
 There are people who love it
 Like I still I go out in the front of the building here
 I'm like you guys are so lucky like I have a meeting with so-and-so and you're gonna go fun with I love
 I love sitting down the whiteboard and architecting it
 And figuring out the designs the branding the logos the hook the offer the copy like being in the middle of that and when it's done
 You see the end funnel like how beautiful is like I got love that part of it
 And the second part I love is like getting that aha moment for other people like when they're just like
 I don't know how this how would a funnel work for me and you display it to an awesome day like they get it
 Like there's something about that like that's the other part
 So I think it's it's understanding that like who are the people that are obsessed with and love the things that I don't and let's
 Let's give those things to them. Let me just do what I love
 Hey, this is Ruffle again and really quick
 I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with
 1,000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you who think like you who believe like you who have vision like you if
 You like to do that then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live
 It's coming up very very soon if you don't ever take a shot
 You go to funnel hacking live calm and it gives you the ability to leave your home leave where you're you're trying to
 Create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe like you who see visions like you of
 What they can create what they can become?
 Funnal hacking live is not just a marketing event. It's not just a personal development event
 It's both those things wrap into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me I go to funnel hacking live calm
 Your tickets we have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well and after you take it you will be there with
 5,000 other insane crazy fun the funnel hackers talking how to grow their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things
 They're working today. You gotta go to your tickets now at funnel hacking live calm
 Thanks so much, and I'll see you in Nashville
 (upbeat music)
