 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast today. I'm talking about a hook a story and an offer
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast
 We'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody I hope that today has been amazing for you so far whenever you're listening to this I want to share with you
 We
 years we launched the fun like live and launched to comic club X
 coaching program and
 It's insanely good amazing, but there's there's kind of pros and cons of it the pros are it gives you everything you possibly need to
 Start launch scale grow your company bad things are like so much stuff
 It's like people get overwhelmed
 So I want to go through record a fast track kind of goes through like a higher level like fast track of all the courses in
 In order so the people kind of know where they're going and so this week I recorded module number two or you know fast track number two
 which was called
 Hook a story and offer and we're on for 45 minutes and I think it was pretty good
 And then one of the guys in the group. He's probably listening this right now. So by the way, thank you
 I said that he's like I listen to everyone Russell's podcast
 I've been to two fun hockey live events. I've done like every course every book and he's like that was the best training
 I remember from Russell. I was like that's awesome and I have like a 45-minute conversation with
 Dave Woodward and James frill when we're lifting weights on Wednesday talking about as well and
 Unfortunately, I have to jump on a video here in like an hour
 So I can't go too deep into this but I didn't want to share some thoughts
 So you guys because I think it's super super super central and I want you guys to think through it for your stuff. So
 When we're talking about is like what's the the hook and the story?
 What is your selling now in the in the video that I did for for our two comic book members?
 It was like I was going into offer hacking how to find you was offers and hack them and all sorts of stuff like that
 But one of the biggest things that we talked about and we noticed is like the key is like
 To really get offers. I mean there's there's a three piece
 There's there's the hook which like the hook that grabs you right like what's the thing grabs you and there's the story you tell behind that
 And then there's the actual offer what they're gonna get and each component the offer
 There's a hook store and offer these component they offer and anyway
 I wish I had more time to share everything but you don't want to share the essay because it's it's
 Man, it's it's one of most important things like it's like
 What's the hook of the story that you're sharing right if you don't have one yet you need to create that so in the video
 I went through and I took he has no Drew Manning. He's one of our two comic book winners and he's awesome dude
 he's got a program called fit to fat to fit and
 His story is he was a trainer for a life and like helped a lot people get skinny
 But he never never actually knew what it was like you know what I'm gonna get fat and then I'm gonna try it fit again
 and so he went and gained like I don't know hundred pounds and
 And told the whole world this what I'm doing. I'm getting much weight
 That's gonna be a huge thing and I'm gonna get I'm gonna get fat and I'm gonna lose it again and like because of this story this
 Hook of the story he had tons of PR he was on Jay Leno all sorts of stuff and now it's like whatever he sells
 He's just like hey, I'm Drew
 I'm the fit to fat to fit guy I'm the guy who is a trainer who never knew what life he fat
 So again hold on to wait and then I lost it all again
 And then anything he says after that people give him money
 You know why because the hook of the story is so good
 True if you listen this like there's a lot of critiques that can give you to help you make your offers better because that's
 But because the hooks it doesn't really matter it gets a good hook and good story will make up for a lot of other stuff
 He's killing it and I was like man imagine if I can't there's stuff on it. Anyway, some of them work them personally
 Just like this I can ramp it up
 But but his hook is looking at stories so good that like
 That he's making millions dollars now, right?
 I was thinking about this like throughout time like if you guys remember Robert Allen like he
 Is sold over a billion dollars under the Robert Allen brand and Robert Allen had a really good hook in a story
 He told us people was like do you take me anywhere in the world for me in any city without any you know without any?
 Contacts any whatever and within within a month
 I will have purchased a house with no money down or whatever
 And you told people that and I don't believe this we actually did it this big PR stunt went and flew somewhere
 Do the whole thing and boom that's you know he became Robert Allen because of that the hook in the story, right?
 I'm a good Natalie Hudson Natalie spoke of on I he liked she's amazing
 What's amazing Natalie is the hook in her story. It's funny because there's people that we're trying to knock off her one of her products
 Her first two comic club product took her four months ago from from zero to two comic club with a $37 ebook
 and it was teaching women who
 mothers who
 How to not be your pants called abs floor kelp pelvic floor abs core pelvic floor and
 She sold like 50 or 60 thousand copies of the sea book and
 Sphinx with all the people now trying to knock her off and they're all gonna fail because they they they are
 Copying the offer, but they're missing the hook in the story. So what's what's now? He's hooking the story. Well, she was
 On of I think she was actually in a video with Drew if I remember right
 Anyway, it's a small world. Anyway, so she's she's filming a video workout video and in the video
 She pees her pants and instead of hiding it. She's like she decides like this is a good
 I mean, I don't know if she consciously did this but she put it out there and it's an amazing hook
 Like I'm a fitness trainer. I teach people how to get in wait
 lose weight and I'm sitting there live on camera and I keep my pants and here's pictures of it and so embarrassing and and
 And so she tells that story hook the story people get excited and then boom 60,000 copies of her book later, right?
 Hook in the story. We're so so good and the better the hook in the story are
 And they're not saying the offer can be worse, but like that's like the better look the story is like you can
 Not still have anything. It's funny. Drew is actually selling to toast stuff now
 Which has nothing to do with his actual fit to fit story, but the story and hooks so good
 He tells the story people hooked and then boom he can sell whatever he wants at that point
 And so for you on anything like what is what's my what's my story? What's the thing right?
 Some of you guys may know I
 Launched my religion podcast
 This week actually or last yeah this week
 And I went through the same process here. I'm like hey, I could just make a podcast like hey
 I'm gonna teach you what my beliefs are but nobody like the hook and the story were horrible, right?
 So it's like what I need a hook. I need a story like what is it?
 It's gonna be something's gonna drag people in you think about stories people share stories
 I like oh this girl named Natalie. Oh, it's got a name drew. He was fit to fit in like they tell a story, right?
 And so it's like I need I need a story and I didn't consciously do this
 But it's what come out of his like if I'm gonna do like I need something really cool
 So hook my podcast was basically, you know, I'm I'm Mormon
 I believe in the Book of Mormon, but I look at my house and all these book Mormons are laying on the ground everywhere that I never read
 that sit there and and I realize that this thing is so important to me. I'm not treating it. I'm treating it lightly and
 and so
 I was like I need to make this rule me so I went online
 I found on eBay a copy of one of the original five thousand books Mormon
 I spent a small fortune on it and now I'm reading it and I'm sharing my journey because I want to make a specialty again, right?
 So that was the hook and now I got all these people there share my podcast like this dude Russell
 He like all my Mormon friends. It's kind of fun watching but they're sharing it like my friend Russell
 He he has you know
 He's a Mormon too
 So they share they're sharing it like in seminaries and elders quorum and it was kind of fun to have fastest growing just
 Entire the church because everyone's like because they feel that same way like and I feel the same way
 You know, I I'm not you know if you're Mormon you're like
 I don't treat the Book of Mormon way I should and I also there's this guy who felt same way
 So now he spent a fortune
 Bottom original and now he's like taking us on the journey. Awesome people like oh, I want to be part of that story, right?
 I'm sure that there's a lot of people who like anything about Drew and get I don't know a Drew's whole story
 I don't know him super well
 but uh
 You know one of the biggest things in the weight loss space
 I see when people come and they try to like teach people to lose weight
 But they've never been fat in the past. It's hard for them to get a lot of traction
 A lot of times I can do personal training
 But it's hard for them to blow up like as a celebrity as a guru as an expert
 Whatever you want to call it because the masses are like well, they don't know it's like to be fat
 So he told that story now everyone's like dude this trainer who
 Who uh?
 He wanted to prove to us he could do it's like getting all this weight and now it's a story we're sharing
 It's a good hook, you know
 I mean the same thing happened with this is like it was a story
 So started getting spread and then um this week I was like like I need another good hook and good story
 What can I do to get people listening to this now that it's live and it's launched so um somebody I saw yesterday
 I actually
 There's this guy in the Mormon church and he's partly peprat. He lived back in 1800s and he
 Someone gave him a copy when the original book of Mormons because that's all they had back when they first came out and
 He started reading and he read it for an entire he read the entire thing in a day
 He said that eating and sleeping became a nuisance to him and anyway, and I found out yesterday was actually his birthday
 So I was like I'm a new part of the peprat day
 So took the day off of work and I went and I read the entire I tried it's 18 hours
 I didn't I almost got halfway done. It's a big book
 but I read the whole thing and I talked about it to Facebook live I talked about it and um
 And this is something I put zero dollars in advertising behind it
 Just posted on my personal wall said they have to do this crazy thing and from that I think this morning
 There's like 3.9 thousand views
 over like 1500 comments and likes and share like interactions with it and um and
 Hundreds and hundreds of people subscribe to the podcast from it and so it was like this thing like
 Like I made a story and event a thing out of it and that's what got people excited was hook in the story
 And now people subscribe the podcast if you're interested in my beliefs and my faith if you go to book amormonchallenge.com you can subscribe and listen in
 But that's kind of what it is right you're creating a story creating a hook and a story gets people interested
 Today, I'm actually filming a product and what's the product?
 Well, I spoke of the 10x event and the 10x event
 I mean 90 minute in 90 minutes at three million dollars
 So that's a hook in the story
 So I'm recording a five-hour trainings today teaching how I did it because that's something it'll sell like crazy people
 Like we'll put out that you're like I rustling me 90 made 3 million 90 minutes
 I should buy the course figure how you did it like that that's the that's the key is like that story like I
 Pied my pants. I would fat to fit to fat. I read the entire book Amormon in a day
 I went bought an original book Amor. I made three million dollars and 90 minutes like like what's the story?
 You got to find those stories. They're out there
 And that and sometimes they don't have to be super grandiose at first like you need to have a story behind things right one of my bonuses
 Inside of the fun wax program now is traffic secrets and traffic secrets. I could be like hey
 There's this course called traffic secrets and you get it today when you sign up when you sign up now, right?
 But like what's this hook again? Well traffic secrets was a was a
 Site owned by John Reese John Reese did the first million dollar day and the product he sold was traffic secrets
 And the course is so good. I ended up buying the brand from him
 I am spending almost a million dollars to buy it from him and I have all the wire transfers
 And so when I now talk about that part of my bonus
 I told a hook of the story and the offer of that right the hook
 I tell the hook I tell the story and then it's like now that bonus becomes super valuable because the hook in the store makes it way better
 And so think about for your business like do you have a hook in the story?
 If not that might be why you're struggling
 And so if not like figure one out like you got to figure out a thing like what's the thing call your shot?
 Do something big look at all the offers that are out there look at people. They're having success. What are their commonalities?
 Look what's the hook? What's the offer? What's the story that they're they're telling you like?
 What's the thing and figure out how to create a story like for me at the Book of Mormon like I was like
 Okay, I'm rethinking today like that's a story like hey go and do something that was what could you do for yourself?
 You know maybe it's and this is what comes back to talk about sometimes like getting results first right like
 Find somebody let's say your weight loss trainer find somebody and get the result on them or do not yourself or you know like make become a
 Lab experiment like the story is the key okay? No again
 I didn't know drew prior to his fit to fit thing
 but
 My guess if I was to say is if he was to go out there and he was trying to sell his weight loss program
 I baited well as a personal trainer, but he struggled as like
 Selling the thing but now he's got this story like he doesn't have to be that good selling is gonna be because the story the hook in the story is so good
 Okay, so there's assignment all my friends all my people is to figure out for you
 whatever your whatever your launching if it's a podcast and offer an ad in
 Product of service that whatever. What's the story? That's you got to figure out
 Because the story will drive everything else behind you. What's the hook and the story and from there at least your offer?
 Anyway, I got an ounce. Oh, I gotta start my training. All right, so you guys later, bye
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 [APPLAUSE]
