 Good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you to the marketing seekers podcast today
 We're gonna be talking about marketing history and marketing math
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone welcome back to today, hope you guys are
 Our half is excited for the week is me. It's Monday here and the sun is shining the fun stuff's happening and I cannot wait
 And this morning as I was studying I was listening to
 Mr. Dan Kennedy
 it's still one of my favorite people to study in this marketing world and
 That was kind of fun
 I was listening to last like 48 hours or so and last time listening to courses and in the middle courses are talking about me
 I was like how cool that Dan Kennedy is talking about me one of his events the seminars
 So anyway, I made my whole night and got me more said listen to him and this morning he started talking about
 We just criteria are to do
 to do a deal with somebody to like be in business with them or to work with them and
 There was a couple fascinating things one of them obviously
 I was like can you find three other people have done at least one deal without person that would do it a second deal and
 And I think that was a good thing he's talking about he's like some of them divorce once or twice
 so maybe it's you know, maybe there's a there's reasons like they've been divorced nine times and
 Yeah, there's probably like something wrong is probably them. It's something not the other person at that point and
 It's got a funny you just talking about that
 But then he's talked about three criteria, so I walk through those so the number one criteria was he doesn't want
 He would never work with somebody who was entitled as we're talking about entitlement. He was talking about
 He has watched Shark Tank and he said he started tracking this over the last like two or three years and in Shark Tank
 they always have the little
 The little video before the person comes and presents their package kind of telling tell their product kind of telling about their business, right?
 And he said that
 Entitamins when they're like oh, you know, we spent a whole life savings. I quit my job
 I did all this kind of stuff and so like I just have to get a deal like sharks have to give me money
 more it's like out of a point of desperation or entitlement like oh because I
 sacrificed everything I should get this thing and
 He said if you look at the Shark Tank for the 48 people that
 The he counted since he started counting that that their little package before their pitch happened
 It said only four of us 48 ever got a deal. Where's the average with you'll get a shark tank is a whole one out of three get get a deal
 So coming at something like where like you think you should be successful because you worked harder because you put this fourth of time
 It's not like a good reason like it has nothing to do with it. It's like entitlement of like well, I should be successful
 I've been killing myself on something studying. I've been reading I've been learning and it's like that is not entitled to you to success
 Like that's that's that's not the right thing. So that was number one number two
 He said that you have to understand intimately the history of the industry that you're going in
 He said for example if you were gonna go and you wanted to be in the personal development success space
 He's like if the only thing you know about personal development going back was like was thinking Grow Rich
 And that was like this far back in history of that of your industry you've gone
 He says he would never do deal with you. So there's so much stuff that happened pretty thinking Grow Rich. There's so many
 People and like stuff that happened that if you hadn't studied back that far in history
 He would not actually work for you. I think that's that that one's actually when I completely agree with it blows my mind
 Have people come into an industry like I had someone who joined one of our coaching programs who was I want to be a real estate guru?
 I was like cool and I'm not a real estate guru
 but I happened to do my homework in every market that I'm in or that I'm interested in and
 and I know who all you know I know a lot of the real estate gurus are and
 And I asked this person I was like I was like so do you know so and so and so and so and so and so that I've never heard of never heard of him
 I was like you are doomed then if you don't know the history of your market
 How are we just to come in and compete in that market?
 You don't know what other people's offers have been throughout time
 You don't know what's worked what hasn't worked like you don't know these things you are gonna struggle
 You have to know the history of the industry that you're going in okay
 I mean it kind of leads back to my point today. I've spent the last two days binging out on Dan Kennedy
 who for all intents and purposes is you know
 He's the history of this industry like and I go back
 Further than that like I study at Grober Collier. I study
 I'm gonna blink out now. I'll top my head like I study all the old-time marketing salesbooks Gary Halber
 Like even prior to that like I study a geek out of nerd out all those kind of things if you look at my library in here
 You would never you would look at it. You think I've never heard of anything's book cross
 I'm like I know these are the history books of my industry
 There's a reason why I'm successful now because I study direct mail I study clear back to the Pony Express when people were delivering stuff
 through
 By horse right um like I know this market inside now
 That's why I'm able to to compete next I know the history of it
 Okay, so all history in school is useless history in your marketplace is essential
 So if you don't know your market now it's time to start like geeking out and figuring out the history for me
 I spent four or five hundred bucks a month on eBay buying old marketing and salesbooks like go to your industry and go search on eBay for old
 Stuff that's been published in the past and buy it and read it and study and learn it because if you understand the history where you are
 Are at you're gonna be more successful in the future of where you're trying to go Kevin
 So study the history of your market and then number three is understanding the math of your business
 So really it was kind of interesting like no don't be entitled
 Understate like have a deep understanding of the history of your industry and then understand the math of your business
 And the math is the numbers right like how much of the cost do acquire a customer?
 How much do you make it from your customers on average?
 You know how much would you average car value? What's your?
 Stick rate like all those kind of things are vitally vitally important
 And if you don't have the math then you're in trouble as well
 If you go to watch Shark Tank
 You notice like the one question that all the sharks always ask is how much does the cost acquire customer and like half the time the the people
 like blankly stare over and like I
 Don't know I don't know the answer to that like they have no idea
 It's like how is the compete if you don't know that like you need to come in and know like hey
 This is about what it cost me to acquire customer when you know that then you can work on a funnel
 It's going to give you more than the cost to acquire customers
 Now you can be profitable or break even that you acquired customers now you can go and you can sell them other things in the future
 That's how we grow and scale companies so
 Anyway, I thought it was interesting today because most of us internet nerds and entrepreneurs aren't obsessed with history of math
 But history math in the confines what we're talking about is actually really exciting get my grandpa was a history professor
 Bringing me a university. These are like ten books on history man
 And I love him and I go talk to him and ask him questions
 I history he tells me in my eyes glaze over like I'm not interested in history
 I love Christopher Columbus gratefully came here, but I don't really care about all that stuff, right?
 But and so if I can you think about history typically I'm like, I don't want to do that but history my market
 Oh, I'm obsessed with it. I love it. I love finding out about the old school guys who are licking stamps and gluenomont
 Envelopes and shipping them out like what do they know?
 What do they understand that I didn't understand like what are the things I can learn from them that I can then come back and apply
 In my market, okay, and if you look it
 It's interesting the marketing like the ninja secret stuff that I come out with if you're like whoa Russell
 How did you think of that? I'm like, oh because Oakley did it like who's all going to be a mic some dude
 He's been dead for a long long long time. Okay, like I study the greats
 I understand where this market came from and because of that I'm able to compete at a different level in this market because I know
 History it's interesting. I even even not like the long history
 I look at 15 years ago the things that I was doing to grow a list and build a company like I'm bringing a lot of those things back
 And it's interesting because those were the because I know the history
 I'm able to bring these things back that are that are dead lost arts. I talked about this before like
 Like selling from stage the perfect webinar like I don't think I'm the best stage presenter in the world
 But I do think that it's a dead art
 I think that when I got started as a business or some amazing stage presenters who were a million times better than me
 So I studied I learned the art of it. Okay, I studied history and then when these guys all retired
 There's no else doing it and I came back and started doing it with the stuff I learned from back in the day and the history lesson
 Gave me the ability where I was able to stand on stage two months ago into three million dollars 90 minutes, which is a world record
 So imagine for the greats came to that they would have crushed me. Okay
 But I understand history and therefore I'm able to use in the present
 And then the math I hate math more than anyone. I hate excel
 I hate all those kind of things, but I do know the numbers to drive my company
 We have a big TV screen in our office when you walk in I can look at I can see the numbers and the metrics and and
 I have this weird thing that I know it's when you look at numbers what you track rose
 So I look at it. I see it and then I can figure out how to grow it
 It's a magical amazing thing in fact today
 Look up this morning will heavier than I liked it be so I downloaded my fit pal or whatever that app is and and I told
 Melanie and told my wife 11 this week like any food the crusts of my lips have to go my my
 Fit pal so I can track it so I can see what I'm actually eating it's in your aware of what you're actually putting in your mouth
 And what we actually equals out calories, then you're like oh crap. I should eat differently or change some things
 It's like this morning. I did my supplements and usually I think supplements or zero calories because it's just like their supplements
 But I actually put them all in there and like 200 calories and supplements. I'm like well crap
 I just put 200 calories and I wasn't accounting for like maybe that's the thing is putting me over the edge right now
 On top of all the other stuff I'm eating so you got to know the numbers even if you love math find some of those math
 But give you the core numbers to drive your company and your business and then look at them and just by looking at them
 They'll grow it's this weird thing when I start tracking it how big is my list
 I look at that number and it would grow because it's like your brain starts trying to figure out ways
 like how to make this bigger how to make it bigger and and
 It's weird you look at that number and your body your brain your mind you will automatically find the answers to it
 It's kind of cool how that works. So there you go guys first off. You're not entitled to nothing number two
 Master the history understand the history of your industry and number three learn the math of your business now
 You got history math now you can actually have a business know your numbers know your business no numbers no business
 Okay now I probably can't see me spelling it out, but know your numbers K&W know your business
 K&W your business no numbers and oh no numbers no business no business okay, so until that one time
 I don't remember who but it was amazing so know your numbers know your business
 You have no numbers, and you have no business
 So that's why the math's important as well all right guys
 That said appreciate you all an amazing day go dominate the world go find some history of the market that you are in
 Understand it study it learn it. It's part of your homework assignment for this week
 Appreciate you all and we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe
 To our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.fennelhacker.tv
 See you next time!
 (drum roll)
