 What's up everybody is Russell Brunson and here today with Nora. I'm saying hi
 Hi, and we are recording a new episode of the marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everybody, all right, so stay on my share with you guys a quick
 Nugget from the traffic secrets book if you have another traffic secrets book yet
 What are you waiting for they finally start shipping this week people are getting them?
 Which is really exciting, but one of my favorite concepts in that book is actually something I learned from Jenna Kuchar
 who is amazing if you don't know her and
 It's a principle called the JK 5 and so because I got Nora here with me and those who are listening you don't know this
 She's wearing a beautiful sparkly who is this any address?
 Rainbow - Rainbow - dress and it is awesome and the reason why I thought this would be a fun
 episode to have one or sitting here on my lap is because
 It goes into how we publish things online. So a lot of times I think when most of us publish we think okay Russell
 I'm a business person therefore I will post my business or I'm a workout person. So I'm gonna post it on a workout or I am interested in
 diets or exercise or whatever your thing is right film the blank and what's interesting is that
 When when most people when they start publishing they just publish their thing right so you can tell us when you go to some
 Instagram profile and every picture that is the picture them flexing in the mirror can you flex or
 There's no reflection. Yeah, they're all flexing in the mirror or
 They oh that's a good flex or they are all
 Sitting there being all scholarly or they are all climbing a mountain or whatever their thing is right
 They just every single pictures that the problem makes you very one-dimensional
 Person right and so the people who are super geeked out about your topic will come in the fall you
 But the rest of the world doesn't and one of the things I learned nor are still flexing I can see her
 I can feel her flexing huh
 One of the things that I learned from Jenna that we talked about in Trappy Secrets book is the JK 5 and says for Jenna
 Future 5 where she suggested you do is you pick five topics that you're passionate about right they could be anything from
 From family fitness to whatever so if mine or mine
 Top of him or forget him like families right so nor is my family right?
 Who are you who you my daughter?
 How many kids are in our family do you know?
 There's five kids so we got
 Family is one of my JK 5 and I got faith because I'm very into my faith and beliefs and then I got funnels
 Do you like funnels nor?
 She's not sure the funnel is huh?
 Funnels we got entrepreneurship and personal development. So those are my five categories
 And so when I try to create content
 I don't just post everything funnel related because I did the funnel nerds would be like funnels. Yeah Russell
 Let's go and everybody else be like that's weird. But instead I rotate my post and I do this on my Facebook on my Instagram on YouTube
 just everywhere I'm posting stuff I'm rotating through different things and the reason why we're doing that is because
 People come to you from different ways right like for example. I was at my daughter my other daughter
 Not nor is the Ellie's soccer game and you know the soccer parents like yeah
 I'm also I'm Ellie's not dad and we get to know each other and guess they all do because this is what people do
 They stock you so that's you leave they jump on the grand or Facebook wherever they do their thing and they try to find you
 And they follow you and they start watching you
 Alright, and I've also always saw his pictures me flexing the mirror like all this guy
 Rose talks cares about his fitness usually boring and they may lose interest and stop following me or stop paying attention right
 Or the Sament Church right and even church and there we get along and then they go home and they stock you
 They follow you on Facebook or Instagram
 Whatever right or they see you or add on on Facebook or they read a book or they see you on TV or whatever right that
 You can bring ourselves out there all the time and people can they find they start stalking you and if you're talking about one topic
 You're gonna make you know 90% of the audience will not pay attention to you
 No, no, we're fighting for me guys. Anyway, so instead you do try to make yourself more well-rounded character and person and human right
 And see post about different things if you look at my feed knows it rotates through different things right from family to faith to
 finalist entrepreneurship personal development back and we kind of rotate through these things and
 And so that's kind of the the power how it is and what's cool. It's interesting about it is then somebody comes to your
 They come to your say I'm at church. I meet something come to Instagram
 They should like who's that Russell guys and like he's he makes kind of cool and they follow me and they seem talking to my family
 Oh, I see his family. Oh, it's just fate make oh, what's this business thing? He's doing?
 Oh, what's this personal? Well, it's entrepreneurship
 What's and then it comes back and you see all of the family and they connect with me through the thing that they know me for
 But then because they see the other things I'm talking about interested they're more likely to
 To engage me and so because of posting this way and sharing things this kind of this little different way
 It's been really cool because people in business have then come to me having conversations about faith
 Because they see me post about faith every five or six posts, right people who come to me from who are tied to my faith
 Will come me about business or my family and things like that
 And so it gives you the ability to kind of cast a wider net and get to know people and help them through all the things you care about
 And all things you're excited by so I want to say maybe share that today because I think it's important
 I keep seeing too many people to just post about their one thing. It's like you do that
 You're missing out on so many other so many other things. What are you doing?
 She's making funny faces at the camera
 Anyway, so that is one of the chapters
 It's the Instagram chapter the JK five or excuse me the JK 5 is inside the Instagram chapter
 I go deeper in it and show examples. I showed Jenna's JK 5 I show mine
 You're not making funny faces
 Anyway, so if you haven't got a book you go traffic seekers calm if you have hopefully as an implement of that
 I'm mostly if you guys have I've talked about a lot of podcast and episodes because one of my favorite little things so simple people to do
 I was that a network marketing event and they're asking me how to get leads on the internet
 I was like this is probably easiest way for you guys
 Okay, as I told my city on your phone make different albums of pictures right and then take a picture of you with your family pictures
 Do you know whatever your JK 5 is for you take pictures and put them in those different albums and each stage you're gonna post an Instagram or Facebook
 Whatever pulled the album like what post can I pick my family today?
 What post can I pick from my funnel safe my entrepreneur?
 You know whatever your JK 5 are these times a new thing and it gets really fun
 And that way for network marketers they can pull people in for business owners
 They can pull people and people like whatever is your passion about
 Don't hide it share it and talk about it
 Anyway, so hope that helps
 Anyway, and if you guys like this episode
 Nor would really appreciate it if you go to iTunes and leave review and also make sure you subscribe so you don't miss any other episodes in the future
 and
 It'll be fun. So you want to say bye to everybody?
 Bye everybody. We'll talk to you guys all soon
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job
 Some you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business this challenge is gonna help you to help you understand the strategy
 Help you understand the tactics hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go online and go to one funnel way calm
 That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge there's a challenge starting in the next few days
 So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 (upbeat music)
