 Morning everybody, this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody
 So by the time of this I'll probably be out for my game live maybe they'll even be over I don't even know but
 I just wanted to record this as as I'm getting closer and closer to the deadline and the amount of things that have to get done
 It seemed to multiply and multiply and you always think like it's like it closer like all the things will be done
 And it'll be easier and easier, but it's the exact opposite the closer you get the more things you forget
 and the more
 The more things it becomes it gets deeper deeper deeper and deeper
 And it's it's it's crazy. So hitting the off right now. It's Wednesday 10 in the morning
 And we're last like two tries to row we've been up there all night getting the order forms done and getting the print done in the event
 Guides and then the PowerPoint slides and then more PowerPoint slides and there's more PowerPoint slides
 And then oh we're gonna launch a viral video of the things we have to do the print for that plus the social strategy plus
 There's you know some of the new videos that are going live I record voice source for that
 But then I lost my voice and I and so now I got it recorded again because my voice sounded horrible in the last one
 I'm like
 He's going and like I don't even have one of my presentations done yet
 I think I had six presentations. It's like I
 all have some done but none of her done and
 And it's a lot that's just my play and there's the rest of the team
 There's there's so many so many moving parts and so many moving pieces and
 It gets overwhelming and it gets stressful and
 But I don't want you to feel bad for me
 I wanted to share this because I know for all of you guys are going through this as you are
 Approaching the launch of your thing could be a funnel could be a book could be a product could be a webinar could be a course could be a
 New physical product whatever your thing is is you're trying to launch it the closer you get to the deadline and the more stuff starts coming up
 And the more things there are and your body does not like it and it freaks out and all wants to do
 It's just like run away from this pain and shut everything down and be like stop like just leave me alone
 I want to go to bed
 And most people do most people like just break and they crack it with a pressure like you know what I'm gonna go
 I'm I'm gonna go to bed. I'm tired
 But the regional washer this with you guys because I
 Think one of the reasons why people do that is because they let themselves off right they like well
 There's all the stress and pressure of the thing and then they if there's not like this hard date
 Then they just let the hard date slip and slide and slip and slide and moves from a day to a week a week to two to a month
 Month multiple months to years and and nothing ever gets done
 And I think one reason why I've been so successful in this business is not because
 I'm the best performer. I don't think I am I'm not cuz we do have the best product, but you know come on out
 but it's not because
 It's not because of any of those things. I think I
 Got really good at a young age
 In this business of like attaching a deadline to something and making it like my letter gold deadline like if I don't achieve this then
 Then I'm gonna die and
 With events it's that way, you know last week we had the 10x event and it was like
 win-loser draw I'm stepping on stage for these people like
 We have to get these things done right and saving with this it's like next week from today
 I will be on stage giving my first presentation and if it's not done doesn't matter because they just you know it all has to happen and
 So I think by not giving myself an out and just having like these are the hard deadlines have to happen
 Right when we launch a funnel we first some use we tell all of our affiliates are JV partners
 Everyone's so they can get their calendars and then I know oh my gosh
 I have to stay because we told them this is days hitting you know and I think that
 That's the lesson for you guys today is that as you're moving closer to any
 Anything great any project any idea
 I
 You know when it's far away. It's this beautiful vision of how amazing it's gonna be you know
 I watch like looking my click phones off sound like the window
 I can see this the TV screen has got all the B-roll from all the fun-locking lives like I see that I'm like
 Oh, there's the vision we're gonna do that. It's gonna be fun
 It was gonna have a good time and it's gonna change people's lives and like that's the vision that drives you
 But it's probably how like giving birth right like you have this baby
 I get so cute on one of the baby and then the wife at least my wife
 You know as you're going through labors like this is horrible. Why did we do this?
 You know and I think right now this is the labor pains you're going through and just all those kind of things and so
 I just wanted to send you guys this message just
 just
 As hopefully encouragement of just like oh my gosh like Russell goes through this everyone goes through
 I'm going through pain right now because I'm trying to give birth this new idea and
 You know nine months ago when we started talking about it. It was this beautiful easy
 Amazing thing. I saw the end result
 and you forget
 Should make this a straight analogy you forget during the time of conception
 The labor pains are gonna come before there's a baby
 But the conception is so great and amazing. You're just like this is awesome
 And then the labor pains come and you just want to stop and run away and hide
 But if you do the baby never comes right if you do the event never happens if you do the funnel never goes live
 if you do your voice is never heard and so it's it's
 It's understanding that and then being okay with labor pains matter how painful and how horrible they are in the moment
 And that's why I'm feeling right now. We are definitely in the labor pains of it and
 But it's it's worth it and for me
 It's like it's stopping and like right now looking at this video and they've seen what happened last year's event
 Like okay, that's what I'm that's what I'm reaching towards. That's where we're going. That's what I'm trying to to
 To accomplish and so just knowing that that's the
 That's the the baby at the end. That's the goal of the end is it makes the labor pains possible
 so anyway, any of you guys are wearing stress or pressure right now because you're your things about to go live I feel you I
 understand you I'm going that pain right now and
 It's just remembering remembering the end result remembering who you're serving remembering what you're trying to accomplish
 For me is only thing gets me through all of the stuff because
 Man the closer you get to that end goal
 The harder the contraction pain to come right the harder
 the harder that pressure is
 But there's many people who are great people were good
 The great ones
 Thrive through that pressure and they come out their side even better and then they they serve at their highest level
 So you guys can do it. I can do it. My team can do it. We're all gonna do it
 It should be fun. So anyway, hopefully it gives some you guys some motivation today
 and
 For most of you I'm excited to see if I'm not gonna have I think we end up 40
 about 4,500 tickets, so it should be a huge party big show and
 And next year we're going to the same spot. So we're not gonna grow it
 So we're gonna this will be the size of our of our tribe for least next two years and maybe longer
 You know after after experience in the 10x and seeing the 35,000 people in the stadium
 I definitely realize I don't want to invent 35,000 people so I'm super contented at where we're at today
 So if you didn't get your ticket for this year make sure you get for next year
 We're gonna have a discount live while the events happening at funnelhockeylive.com
 And then when when the events over that that discount tickle go away as well. So if you want to get a ticket
 A huge screaming discount for next year do it now a forever hold a piece. All right
 Thanks everybody. I appreciate you time to go in and dominate the day
 Go give birth to a baby or like seven babies from my presentation
 I'm having septuplets or whatever octuplets. What's seven?
 Anyway, it's a lot so I'm gonna go give birth for you guys and hopefully you like the baby
 All right, talk to everybody. See you soon
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called
 Dotcom secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
