 Hey, what's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast pump to be here with you today
 Today I want to talk about the difference to being frustrated and being curious
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody hope you're all doing amazing excited to be with you guys here today and talking about something interesting
 They came up in a conversation I had yesterday. I was talking I
 Was talking to one of my coaches. She she's been someone who's coached my inner circle members for a long time
 She's someone who now is coaching my executive team and she's also coaching me. Her name is Mandy Keene and she is she's amazing
 And it was interesting as we were talking about stuff. She said something
 Super fascinating that never heard before and she said hey
 I was talking to John Parks about you and said there's an interesting thing that you do the most people don't do
 I was like, oh well, what's what's that and she said well most people when they launch a funnel or launch a project or something
 And it doesn't work they get frustrated like oh why in this work?
 I follow instructions like I did the thing like what's wrong with it?
 What's wrong with me? What's wrong with you know and they get frustrated when something doesn't work?
 It's the most interesting fascinating about you Russell's that you don't get
 You don't get frustrated instead you get curious like something does work
 She said it's almost like you you you get more excited when it doesn't work because you like sit back and say oh
 Why then I work like what was the reasoning like what was the psychology?
 What was the you know what were the was it the process was wrong was it the words was it the message was the video?
 Was it was I disconnected that I not talked to the audience like
 She's like you get curious about it and it opens this whole new world of possibilities
 where most people get frustrated and they want to walk away and I never
 First off I never knows about that about myself second off
 Now that I am like aware of that a little bit like oh my gosh what an amazing gift amazing pattern to understand
 So many of us go out there and we we create something we do something we put it out there
 And if it fails or our definition of failure then we're frustrated and as soon as you get frustrated
 Essentially because then you stop yourself right you can't keep making progress when you're frustrated like ah because when you're frustrated
 You're putting it on somebody else like oh well, you know
 It was the market it was the thing it was the instructions were wrong the the process didn't work
 Or you know
 We also some of us to blame it on that's what causes frustration because you're frustrated because it's outside of your control and
 When you start shifting it instead looking like oh this is interesting like I'm curious like like like
 Like why did that not work and you shift instead of instead of taking the control away that you do like you do when you're frustrated
 You you maintain control you keep control and now you're you're in control like okay
 This didn't work. This is exciting. I'm curious why do not work
 What do I need to change what is the tweaks with the changes and it starts opening this huge world of possibilities for you?
 And I think for me
 I really start looking back like what where did I develop that and wasn't something?
 I'm sure I wasn't born with that thing most people as kids we get frustrated about every little thing we bump into right
 But what's interesting is I was
 Thinking about this and I remember when I I told a story to some of you guys before some you may have heard this before but I was first wrestling
 It was my junior year was a year that I thought I was gonna be a state champ
 I was so excited and my very first match out on the mat
 I went out there wrestled and I lost to the kid who taken second state a year before I remember being devastated and broken and just like
 Oh, all my hopes my dreams my aspirations were just shattered on the very first match of the season and
 I remember being frustrated and what was interesting is that my dad was up in the stands and he videotaped my match
 And my dad think heavens didn't get frustrated
 He got curious and that night I went home
 I went to bed and I was you know moping and sad because I was frustrated because it was outside of my control
 This guy beat me. He was stronger than he was better me like whatever the excuses were they got me frustrated instead
 My dad was curious my dad started watching the match he watched it over and over and over and over again
 And that night I don't think he went to bed the entire night when I woke up in the morning
 My dad had a smile his face said I know how to beat you
 I know how we can beat him I'm like what he's like come here and we got me down on the carpet in my house
 They started growing with me and he's like like you shot here his hips went here
 And you shot this and this would happen and remember at first being a noise
 I'm like no dad. He beat me. He's better than me
 I'm like I was frustrated and as my ass started showing me stuff. I started getting more curious like oh
 How did he do that? Like why did that work and watch them together and for the next four months from the first match of the season to the state finals
 Every single day my dad and I were curious and we practice we try to figure out how we beat him
 How do we beat him how do we shift our hips were little nuances little tweaks little changes?
 We have to make to be good enough to beat him. Okay, I was no longer frustrated
 I was now curious and when I had curiosity I had control of the situation
 so I took that curiosity and we started practicing and practicing and practicing and
 Four months later wrestling season high school four months long the very first match the season
 I wrestled this kid and in the state finals. I had him again. I hadn't wrestled any other times the entire season. I
 Think I lost the initial match nine to three in the finals
 I step again against him and I wrestled him and I end up beating him nine to three
 And most fascinating thing is the thing
 That he did on me the move that beat me that I had never seen before I never understood
 That was frustrated because like I don't even know how to do this and I came curious and we learned it and we mastered it
 It was the I literally used the exact same move on the finals on him that he had done to me four months earlier
 And it was the move that beat him and it all comes back to the curiosity
 And so for you guys is you're going through life and it could be anything could be business could be your personal life could be
 Relationships could be family could be school could be a million things right? I've seen it in in athletics for me
 I've seen in business for me. I seen my relationships with my wife and my kids my friends
 My like you see it over and over again where you hit into a wall and the default your brain goes to his frustration and
 And the problem frustrations it puts it outside your control like I'm frustrated because these things I can't control are there
 But instead if you shift it's like, huh, why did that not work? Why did that conversation my wife turned back?
 Why the thing that they encountered my employer? Why not work?
 Why when I sold this thing to nobody buy?
 Why when I stood on stage did nobody run to the back of the room and you started getting curious and started studying looking at other people like
 What did they do different? Why did they get a table wash?
 Why did they why were they able to grow a company when I wasn't?
 Why were they able to have a better relationship with their spouse that their kids or their family or their employer whatever it might be?
 And you start looking at through a lens of curiosity
 It changed everything because now you realize you do have control in fact
 You're the only person that has control and now you start looking at things differently start acting differently start becoming somebody different
 And that is the magic of curiosity. And so I want you guys
 To start thinking about that as you're going through life
 Every time you're frustrated to pause and just stop yourself because frustration is a pattern
 Okay, it's a pattern we learn since birth and our default is going to be slip back in that pattern
 Slip back in that pattern right because because it's like the pattern we know we feel comfortable with and it's like oh, I know how to get fried
 I know frustration right frustration. I get there. I'm angry and then like I don't have to do anything
 But instead stop that self stop the pattern
 Um, Troy Robbins talks about like a patterns like a record right?
 We have to stop it. We have to scratch the record like you scratch the record you break the patterns
 They look I'm not gonna be frustrated because I'm putting that control on somebody else
 Instead of become curious like why did that work? What can I do differently? How can I change?
 What can I learn who do I need to become to make sure this works the next time we break the pattern?
 We develop a better pattern okay
 Deva if you can all of us can destroy the pattern of frustration and develop a pattern of curiosity
 We'll become better at all aspects of our life our businesses our lives our athletics our sports our friendship our family
 Our relationships all the things that matter when we shift from frustration
 And start looking at things through the lens of curiosity. So hope that helps you guys today
 And not just I hope it helps you
 From this point moving forward in your life if you start looking at things through this lens and it starts today
 And it happens tomorrow and next week and next year
 My guess is that it will shift the destiny of your life
 So this could be just another podcast you listen. There's another video you saw on on facebook or instagram really quick or
 It could literally be a turning point in your life. Um, and I hope you take it that way
 um
 Anyway, it could change everything for you. Thanks so much. I appreciate you guys for listening
 And I will see you guys on the next episode. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel way from something some of you guys are one funnel way
 From quitting your job. Some of you guys are one funnel way and getting more impacts
 Some of you guys are funnel way from growing your company to the next level
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. Um, this challenge is going to help you to help you understand the strategy
 Hope you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful here funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the sideo go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC]
