 What's up everybody, this Russell Brunson,
 back with my co-host Josh Forty.
 How you doing, man?
 - I'm doing awesome, man.
 How are you?
 - Doing so good.
 We just recorded a new episode for you guys.
 This one's all about funnels.
 And I think it went in a different direction.
 You thought it was gonna go, didn't it?
 - Yeah, I did.
 A little bit.
 - Yeah, I think it was gonna go.
 - It was super good.
 - It was because the question was like,
 what is the next funnel?
 Like what's the thing?
 And it wasn't a funnel thing.
 It was something different.
 So I think this is the episode you guys can enjoy.
 It's been so exciting for me.
 I literally woke up at five a.m. every morning this week
 because I'm geeking out on the thing
 that you're gonna learn about.
 And hopefully I hope you guys
 was all your funnels no matter if you're running a webinar
 funnel or a book funnel or a challenge funnel
 or whatever doesn't really matter.
 This principle you can overlay on top of all of them.
 It'll make them all better.
 So that said, should we keep the theme song?
 - Let's do it.
 - Let's go.
 - So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat
 and take our adventure capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in
 out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That was the question and this podcast will give you
 the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 (upbeat music)
 - Now we gotta move into it.
 I wanna move into funnels dude.
 This is a topic that continued to come up.
 So kind of a backstory when we were preparing
 for this episode, guys like Russell hit me up
 and was like, "Do you wanna do a podcast together?"
 And I was like, "Yeah, what do you wanna do it on?"
 And he's like, "I don't know, find something."
 And I'm like, "Oh, all right."
 - You tell me.
 - I do what I always do and I go to the community, right?
 And I'm like, if the community tells me,
 I loved Poland's presentation of Final Hacking Live, right?
 It's like, ask, go ask the community.
 Like, what did they tell you?
 And so that's what we did.
 I went to my Facebook group and I went on my Instagram
 and luckily I have a pretty engaged following
 that will give us lots of feedback, right?
 And this theme that kept coming up was funnels, right?
 And obviously this is your world.
 But it was interesting because I was talking with,
 I've been talking with several different
 like kind of higher level people that are, you know,
 like how all the funnels are they made
 tens of millions of dollars or whatever.
 And it's like, if this funnel's not really working anymore,
 like this model's kind of working here,
 like this type of funnel is working, right?
 And so there's like, I feel like we're in this phase
 of like kind of funnels are almost like evolving, right?
 Where it used to be that you could run an ad to a webinar
 and sell a $997 product and make a million bucks, right?
 And like, and high profit margins and you can make it work, right?
 But I was talking to Dan Henry the other day
 and he's like, dude, I can't even make that work anymore, right?
 And he's like, I'm brilliant at ads, right?
 And like Sam Evans, I was talking to him the other day.
 - Dan Henry, I know him.
 (laughing)
 - I liked Dan.
 - And like Sam Evans was like, man, like we're,
 we're probably gonna shut down our front end $2,000 program
 where we're gonna, you know, kind of transition up
 and kind of evolve the way we do funnels, right?
 And so like funnels are the thing, obviously, right?
 They're gonna be around forever.
 They've been around forever.
 Like you popularize them, right?
 But like, I kind of wanna go and take this like into two parts
 and kind of see where this goes with number one.
 Like what is the, like what is the foundation of funnels?
 Like what are the things that like,
 it doesn't matter how it's executed.
 Like the funnel itself, like this is the thing that works.
 And like, 'cause I think a lot of people get confused, right?
 That whenever I talk to a lot of my students
 that are like building funnels, like, should I do this type
 or the, and I'm like, the core essence of funnels
 doesn't change, right?
 So like what are the core essence of funnels?
 And then two, what is the future of what that looks like
 rolled out with technology?
 Because like, I mean, I know it's not here yet
 and one of the things we'll talk about, but--
 - Metiverse. - We got Metiverse, right?
 Like, and like, my wife was like, oh my gosh, ask Russell
 if I wanna be able to walk into the Metiverse
 and Russell's gonna be right there being like,
 hey do you want to be some funnels?
 - Okay, the Metiverse. - But then you go into a portal.
 Instead of another page, you enter a new world
 and it's Russell's world.
 Like that'd be so cool, right?
 So, but like what, let's start with the kind of the foundation
 of funnels, like when someone is building a funnel
 when they're looking at it, like what are the core pieces
 that they're actually looking at, right?
 Take us back to the foundation of that
 because I think a lot of people are missed that or forget.
 - Yeah, so I'll thank you back in history back in time.
 So back to my beginning, I'm telling you what example
 I have sitting here on my desk, I can show you.
 So, the core like, I think you have to understand
 why funnels are essential and why they'll always be here.
 - So, that comes back to my favorite denquinity quote
 of all time, which is whoever can spend the most money
 to acquire customer wins.
 Like this is the foundation of everything else.
 - Like 7,000 speakers at funnelhiking.live all said.
 - Yeah, yeah, 'cause it's part of the thing, right?
 In fact, you'll see like, if you look at the,
 and maybe we'll get into this, like my next move,
 what's happening next year for me, like I'm looking at this,
 all ties into that as well.
 Like why did my denquinity company, why am I doing these things?
 And I'll show you, it's literally to solve
 that zax in question.
 So, when I got started 20 years ago,
 people didn't have offers yet, they just had a product, right?
 So, you would be like, I like to say a book, like,
 okay, here's my book, I mean, you sell,
 I would just sell a product, right?
 And that was what I was selling.
 And it worked for a long time, and then guess what?
 Everyone else is like, oh, dudes making money with product,
 I can make a product, they make the same product.
 Now you got 10 people selling a product that's similar, right?
 And so then it's harder to compete,
 'cause now you're no longer a unique thing.
 You are a commodity, and anytime you're a commodity,
 the person with the lowest price always wins.
 So, as soon as everyone's doing it,
 you gotta drop the bottom, and then you lose your margin,
 and then life sucks,
 'cause if you're on profit,
 what's the point of what we're doing, right?
 So, there's the first phase.
 So, then the next phase is like, okay, well, I got a product,
 everyone's got the same product,
 but how I turned this from a product into an offer,
 that was the first evolution, right?
 So, like, hey, will you buy my book?
 You're also gonna get my video course,
 my audio course, and my checklist,
 and also you make something truly unique again,
 where it's like, not just a product,
 but this is my offer that's specific unique to me
 that nobody else has.
 So, that was the next evolution.
 We got really good then at making offers that were sexy.
 It's like, oh yeah, everyone's selling this,
 but mine, if you mine, you ask,
 da, da, da, da, these other things, right?
 And that's where this whole offer development started happening.
 In my mind, probably 15 years ago,
 is when this became the thing we all focused on,
 and whoever had the best offer was gonna win,
 because ads didn't ship that much,
 it was just kinda like, you're competing,
 so, yeah, you're competing with six different people,
 or 10 different people, so,
 because that, you know, Google Ads AdWords cost went up,
 because there's 20 people who've been on the same keyword
 versus just you and me initially, right?
 Now you're coming in, you make a better offer,
 then you get the line show people buy from you,
 because your offer's the best, right?
 That was kinda the next phase.
 And then, of course, the market evolves, everyone gets smart,
 everyone starts making good offers,
 now it's like, maybe they're unique offers,
 but they're all good offers,
 now it's like that, you know,
 the market's getting fragmented up again.
 And so, this is where the evolution now
 of fun will start happening, where,
 and it was before we didn't have one click up
 sales back in the day, but the first thing was like,
 you buy my potato gun DVD,
 fill in your credit card, you buy it.
 The next page, like, do you want a potato and kid?
 Cool, get your credit card back out, and fill it out again,
 and fill it out with credit card again.
 - Dang.
 - But even with that, you know, there's no one click up sales,
 man, like 15, 20, 30% people would buy the second thing.
 And all of a sudden, like, you know,
 I'm selling potato gun DVD,
 but I'm making 200 bucks on the back of the kit,
 and nobody else selling potato guns DVD's is doing,
 I could outspend them all.
 So even though, like, you know,
 cost me more per click, I was able to get all the clicks
 because I made way more money than anybody else,
 so I was able to dominate the market.
 And that was kinda the next phase.
 And what's interesting is that,
 depending on the market, your end depends on where this is.
 For example, I'm in a fun phase
 where I wanted some side projects.
 I'm launching a couple supplement companies.
 The first supplement company launched is called Zoom Adjuice,
 it's a green drink company.
 And some of you guys know,
 I actually worked with Drew Canole
 and his team back in the day on Organa Fine,
 helped them launch that when it first came out seven years ago,
 and helped them build an actual funnel.
 And what's interesting is because of that,
 the green drink market is fist-skate,
 like I went in funnel hacks,
 probably 30 green drink offers before you build Zoom Adjuice.
 And all of them have pretty advanced funnels,
 like everyone's doing the best practices pretty well.
 Second company that we're starting,
 I acquired a bone broth company.
 And so I got a bone broth company
 and went funnel out every bone broth offer.
 And that market's new.
 Nobody had a funnel.
 No one, they have an offer, they have a product, that's it.
 And I'm like, I'm walking into virgin funnel territory,
 like I'm just like,
 it's really the biggest bone broth company on the planet
 in the 30 days because there's nobody who understands
 any of what we're talking about.
 Like we outspend everybody 10 to one
 because we understand the funnel structure.
 So like, so depending on what market you're in,
 some markets haven't even evolved to the funnels yet.
 Some have, that's exciting.
 If they have, it's like, cool, we can funnel hack,
 we can use good ideas that was working.
 If it hasn't, like, man, you can bring all of this,
 if we know into these markets
 and just dominate and destroy them all.
 It was funny as we were buying,
 I said, it's funnel hacking on the bone broth offers.
 I was like, there's literally not single upsell,
 order form bump, email sequence, like nothing.
 Like this is like, oh, embarrassing, almost too easy.
 That was the next phase though, right?
 And then to your point, like, initially it was like,
 in fact, I remember 10, like pre-click funnels,
 almost every funnel was the same.
 It was the video sales letter, order button,
 order form, upsell one, upsell two,
 downsell downsell, thank you, basically.
 That was what a funnel was.
 In fact, if you look at,
 before we launch ClickFunnels,
 the first TNC event, Ryan Dyson and Perry,
 and they had this whole TNC event,
 talked about like the, like, here's the funnel
 and they had a funnel and there's only one.
 And it was just like, this is the five steps
 of every funnel and it fit like, it was like tripwire.
 They had like these five steps, like tripwire, profit maximizer,
 they had five or six, they named for each page.
 And it was like, this is a funnel.
 And in reality, that's whatever, like, that was the funnel.
 Like, there weren't funnels, it was like,
 this is a funnel, like this is kind of the one.
 And at the time I was writing the Doccom Secrets book
 and we had been playing with different ones,
 but there wasn't a lot of this thing out there,
 it was just kind of like, for the most part,
 like there was a funnel.
 After ClickFunnels came out
 and it gave people the ability to create things fast
 and start innovating, creating ideas, that.
 And then I was like writing all my ideas in the book
 and people were doing stuff, it started evolving quickly.
 Last seven years have evolved
 when now there's been like a million funnel things
 come out from like webinar funnels, auto webinar funnels,
 high-ticket funnels, low-ticket funnels, tripwire,
 SLOs, VSLs, challenges, paid challenges, free challenges,
 you know, challenges to a webinar, challenges to high-ticket,
 you know, like a webinar to high-ticket,
 like there's a billion variations that come from that, right?
 Which probably gives people overwhelming.
 And so this one I'll tell them
 because this kind of comes back to your first question.
 It's like, what is it?
 The reality is,
 it's gonna be shocking for all of you guys.
 What funnel type you use doesn't really matter.
 They all work.
 The thing that matters is the offer.
 Like you still have to make the sexiest offer.
 That's still the most important.
 Like we acquired down Candy's Company
 and we're doing this merger and like I've spent,
 I see podcasts of episodes morning driving to the office.
 I've been up every single morning at 5 a.m.
 because I'm so excited.
 'Cause I'm like, we have a funnel,
 like we pick the funnel structure,
 we have all the products,
 but I've spent in week,
 every week, 5 a.m. from 5 to like 7.30
 when my kids are getting up in there,
 writing the page for the copy and the offer
 and then tweaking it and tweaking it.
 Like that's the thing,
 like the sexiness of the offer gets people in is the key.
 So I can use this to give them a webinar
 and a challenge in a free plus shipping.
 It doesn't matter.
 It's like the offer is the thing
 that puts people in momentum, right?
 And so, and the thing that I'm selling,
 I can sell it in the webinar.
 I can sell it in the challenge.
 I can like, there's,
 I can sell it in all the different funnels.
 It would fit in all of them.
 I'm picking the one that I,
 that I'm using because I think it's gonna go
 for like the launch campaign.
 It's the one that'll probably get to sell it the fastest,
 but it'll work in all of them, right?
 And so to understand that like,
 it's still coming back to the core fundamentals.
 Like the funnel structure is a sales process.
 All of them will work.
 You just gotta figure out better way to sell.
 Like that's the harder thing that people are missing.
 - All right. So let's talk,
 I wanna dive into that offer
 when you say specifically here.
 'Cause I think,
 and this is just from coaching with a lot of people,
 like the questions that I get asked when I,
 like talk about this type of stuff.
 So like you've got,
 you talk about the offers that the sexy thing,
 but like, how does the offer affect getting somebody
 to opt in?
 How do, like, how does the offer affect my ad?
 How does the offer affect the training, right?
 Like I don't show my offer until the end, right?
 Like after the whole thing.
 So how does that affect every other step of the funnel?
 - Okay, great question.
 So, I can see one here.
 So, all right, so, sorry,
 I had all the examples here a second ago.
 Oh well, I'll just tell you the story.
 So when Dan Candy started his newsletter, right?
 Like in the Dan Candy Company,
 like the newsletter is the foundation of everything, right?
 And we can do a whole podcast episode just on psychology
 of the original GK I see when Bill Glaser was running with Dan.
 But the newsletter--
 - Sounds like a sexy topic.
 - Yeah, it'd be really fun actually.
 I love it.
 In fact, it's funny 'cause like I spent so much time
 with Bill Glaser geeking out about,
 like I knew their business really well
 and that they sold it the very first time.
 People bought it, didn't understand the business.
 And I saw within weeks of them destroying the foundation,
 I was like, you guys don't really don't know what you bought.
 You should have asked some questions
 before you wrote a check that big.
 Anyway, but the core is the newsletter, right?
 And so I had a chance to go back in the archives.
 Like I literally like, they gave me,
 here's Google Drive, everything's everybody created.
 So I'm like, this is insane.
 Like for--
 - It's crazy more as a whole.
 - Everything Dan's ever said is in this drive
 and most of it no one's ever seen before.
 So I'm freaking out, right?
 But the newsletter started back in like 1995ish.
 I was like 15 years old when it started
 and it was just a newsletter.
 That's all it was, right?
 I think a product, that's how they sold it.
 And from '95 till I think, I should probably 23, 24.
 So it's a 2004, 2005ish.
 Some Bill Glaser bought the company from Dan
 and kind of ran it and then they launched it.
 Instead of a newsletter, they launched it as an offer.
 And the offer at the time,
 I still remember the day it happened
 'cause I got like 400 emails from like Yannick Silver
 and all the different gurus of the time.
 They all started emailing about this Dan Kennedy offer
 and it was called the most incredible free gift ever.
 And in fact internally in the company called the Miffgie offer
 MIFG, the most incredible free gift ever.
 And what it was was like,
 hey, when you sign up for magnetic marketing net letter,
 what you're gonna get is you're gonna get,
 I think it's like $639.93
 for the money making material from Dan Kennedy himself, right?
 So it was like, we'll give you all this cool stuff
 when you sign up for the newsletter.
 And it was like the bribe.
 It's kind of like, if you guys remember back in the day,
 that's sports illustrator, it's really hard to sell
 sports illustrated issues.
 So what they would do is they would have TV commercials
 where like, here's Sports Illustrated,
 12 Bixies year about the best sports.
 When you sign up today, we're gonna give you
 and then they had their version
 of the most incredible free gift offer.
 It was this huge football clock
 and the sports illustrator swimsuit ever issue.
 Like that was the Miffgie offer for Sports Illustrator, right?
 And so Dan had their Miffgie offer
 and they went from having, you know,
 five or 600 subscribers of the time
 to bill, built it up to over, I don't know, 10, 15, 20,
 I don't know how big it got it as peak,
 you know, 10,000 plus members.
 And it was because they took newsletter
 and they made it an offer
 and that's how they launched initially, right?
 And so the Miffgie is how they did it.
 Now fast forward to Russell gets access
 all the stuff, like this is amazing.
 So I'm trying to sit, I sat down Monday morning.
 No, sorry, it was last Saturday, Saturday.
 I was like, I wanted to write,
 I didn't want to do all the pages in the offer.
 So I have some of my team upsells and downsells.
 I was like the landing page, this is mine.
 Like I want to write,
 because I want to make sure I get the offer right
 and everything, because this is like everything hinges
 on this.
 The landing page is broken, nothing works.
 And so I went and I funnel hacked.
 I found every newsletter sells that I could find
 throughout time.
 Like I just went deep in my archives,
 way back with shooting people.
 I knew it published newsletters,
 looked at every variation there for the last 10 years,
 like I totally geeked out, like Russell does, right?
 I'm funnel hacking, like I want to understand
 how people are structuring their newsletter offers.
 The Gore's got a ton of them, right?
 So I'm looking at tons of them.
 And everyone I looked at,
 I come back to like the Dan Kenney one,
 I'm like, this offer is just not sexy anymore.
 Like $639 of money making information sounded cool in 2003.
 But today it's like every opt-in people are giving me
 a thousand hours of the free crap.
 So it's like it wasn't a sexy one.
 - Right.
 - That's a sexy one.
 - Inflation, baby.
 Oh my word.
 - Yeah. And then I'm like, no, my funnel nerds are gonna go,
 and they're gonna sign up for this newsletter,
 and they're gonna get this newsletter from Dan.
 He's talking about direct mail and faxing,
 and they're gonna be like, the confused,
 and they're gonna cancel.
 So I'm like, you know, like I just,
 I have this weird opportunity.
 It's like, this is just not the right thing.
 And I was like, how do I make this sexy?
 'Cause I'm like, how do I get myself excited to email about it?
 And then Dan's looks like I email him,
 I got to get affiliates on board,
 and other people like, how do I make this sexy so that I can create the noise?
 So that when there's an ad, there's a good enough hook in the ad
 that people are gonna click.
 'Cause the ad's like, old marketing,
 Grumpy Genius is gonna give you $300 or $600 or $300 mark,
 money-making material for free when you join this newsletter.
 Like no one's gonna click on that, right?
 The hook sucks now.
 It was good in 2003, horrible in 2021, right?
 And so I'm like, sitting there, I spent three hours
 and I just going through stuff, and I was like,
 no matter how hard I tried, like the offer just didn't feel right.
 And I'm not explaining it, otherwise it's like, I had no, I wouldn't click,
 and then I wouldn't buy it.
 I don't really need to email my list to tell them about it,
 'cause it's not that exciting.
 - Yeah.
 - Like what is it?
 Like how do I structure this in a way that's gonna be really exciting?
 And so that was the problem, this is where I got stuck at, right?
 And then after about three hours of it,
 it's when I had the light bulb.
 I was like, oh my gosh, okay, so all the current Dan and Kennedy customers,
 like they love Dan, they're obsessed with them.
 And that actually is the fascinating stat.
 - Uh-huh.
 - You'll appreciate this.
 If you read "1000 True Fans," that was a part of the--
 - Yeah.
 - I love that book.
 - It was crazy.
 So Dan's company was sold initially at 10 years ago from Bill Glaser,
 sold it in the last 10 years they haven't bought a single ad.
 So that's like the attrition of the company that's been happening.
 And I'm acquiring it like, oh, I was buying some ads, right?
 But it's crazy.
 It's 10 years since they bought the last ad, there are almost two a T.
 Like it was like 990 something active paid subscribers,
 still on the newsletter a decade later without any ads at all,
 "1000 True Fans."
 Is that crazy?
 Like that's insane.
 - Really?
 Like I saw--
 - And you're one of those "True Fans" because you bought the whole company.
 - That was a good idea.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 I thought it was fascinating.
 That's fascinating.
 So anyway, that's crazy.
 Dan's people love Dan, they love him talking.
 If they want Dan, but they need funnels, right?
 And I'm like, I don't want to come in and be the guy who
 acquires the company and just like, you know, his own offer.
 I'm like, I need them to--
 I need to adopt it and to want it, right?
 So it's like they're going to read Dan's newsletter
 and like, how do I bridge that to click funnels?
 And like, my funnel nerds are going to read his newsletter
 and be like, oh, like, I don't understand.
 Like, they need it, they don't know they want it yet, right?
 If I can indoctrinate them for a while, they'll be like, oh, my gosh,
 I get this.
 But it's going to take a while for them to really respect it enough
 that they'll get it, right?
 I was saying, like, first time I heard Kenny, I was like, this guy's all boring
 and doesn't relate to what I'm talking about.
 And after I went deep in, I was like, oh, my gosh, everything he says
 is literal, like, he's handing gold nuggets out.
 And I was just like, I didn't notice something.
 Like now I'm like, oh, my gosh.
 - Yeah.
 - And so I was like, I need this bridge.
 And some people know, like, when I first joined the Kennedy world,
 we actually launched my first print newsletter right afterwards.
 It was called the Dotcom Secrets Journal.
 And more from the Dotcom Secrets Journal to eventually call the Dotcom Secrets Labs.
 And then it became a funnel report, and then it became funnel university.
 So I actually ran a print newsletter for 14 years.
 We shut it down two years ago.
 But 14 years, I ran a print newsletter.
 - Yeah, I remember when you shut it down, actually.
 - Yeah.
 And I loved it.
 But I just, anyway, there's reasons, like, the person who's publishing it,
 she had a baby and she retired.
 And all these things, I was just like, ah, I just, I'm just, I'm focusing
 on the click funnels I need to work out this right now.
 So we shut it down.
 But I love that part of it.
 And I was like, what if, what if I create an offer where the concept,
 the story, the hook of it, this whole entire thing is like Russell bought
 Dan's company and they're coming together to give you two things.
 Like the best foundational direct sponsor world plus, like the best, like,
 in the marketing, like the cutting edge, the new things are happening.
 So you can have both sides.
 You understand the foundation you need to be able to survive,
 Facebook slapping you and all these things happening and, you know,
 media shifting and changing.
 But you also have like what's working today so you can capitalize on things
 in real time.
 Like we've took those two worlds together.
 And I was like, um, and so instead of just being like your sign for the new
 from the Dan Kennedy, what if it was the Dan Kennedy Russell,
 but like two different newsletters, you get two newsletters for the price of one.
 I was like, that's the offer.
 That's the hook.
 That's what gets affiliated excited to get ads excited.
 It's like everything gets excited on this offer.
 And so then all every morning at five in this morning at five AM every morning,
 this week, I woke up and I'm writing copy for this page of like,
 here's the hook.
 They're coming in and like, there's Dan and there's Russell and he had these
 things are coming together and the story behind that, how it worked.
 And then the offers like, you know, the offer said, just like,
 here's six hundred and ninety some dollars with the free stuff.
 It's like you get two newsletters, you get the best of drugs,
 one's the best of wrestling or of Russell, you know, every two weeks.
 So you get one in the mail and then four to the days of the day,
 you're the next one and you're getting both of these.
 You get old and the new, but you only pay one price.
 You get both the price of one and then you get all Dan's bonus,
 all Russell's bonuses now becomes this like insane offer where I now
 it's like, I'm excited to know my list.
 Like we bought down this company, you get all my best stuff is to get
 it.
 It's this combination and then affiliates would be excited.
 Like it just, and maybe the hook bombs.
 I don't know, but like it gave me the energy just like, okay,
 this is exciting and sexy.
 And right.
 And so I could turn that into a webinar where it's just like Dan
 Kennedy and Russell Brunson coming together to literally blah, blah, blah,
 whatever, like opt in here to find out a webinar and people would opt in
 because the story, the hook is exciting or I could do a challenge,
 like the seven day challenge or being down or going to go through how to
 destroy your business and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
 And the end of them sell newsletter or it could be a VSL telling the story
 with the newsletter or it could be, you know, all of them work.
 The off is the secrets of the story.
 Well, and it sounds like, right?
 Maybe I'm wrong here, but it sounds like.
 Like you just created this story about the offer, right?
 And like now that you know what the offer is and there's a reason that that
 came together and that like, that's what it is, right?
 Now you understand the story behind that.
 I'm trying to think of it like an analogy, like, for example, Disney world, right?
 Like.
 That offer is so good, right?
 You're literally going into a different world that like pretty much sells itself
 once you put it out there, right?
 And so once you have the story, once you have that idea around what the offer does
 and how it's unique and how it's how it's its own unique thing, then you can just
 take that and then it fills the rest of the funnel because like everybody wants
 that thing because now now the offer itself is so good, right?
 And I think one of the problems that I had, man, for so long is like I was, I was
 trying to convince people that they wanted my thing.
 Be or convince people that they had this problem and then that they wanted this
 thing and then I would make them an offer on it.
 And like they wouldn't get to they wouldn't even know about the offer what the
 offer did or anything about it like until like forced or like right before the offer
 and then I got this offer, right?
 And because of that, there was no story around it.
 There's no congruency with it.
 And so then it was like, Oh, I didn't even know that that's what I was here for.
 Right.
 And then I like try to sell them something and it wouldn't sell.
 And I feel like that's the problem that that got solved right there is like first
 you created the offer and the story around the offer and you made it sexy.
 And then I made everything else in the fall super, super easy because you were
 just pointing them back to that.
 Everything, the funnel puts all the ads.
 Now the ads are funks.
 It's like, why Dan, can you get my retirement?
 Yeah, can you almost die?
 Like what's he doing today?
 Like all some of the all these hooks that tie into that.
 Why did Dan Kenny partner with the owner of ClickFunnels?
 Like why did, you know, is it true that is it true that ClickFunnels was built
 off the back of all Dan Kenny's principles?
 Like there's so many stories I can tell now that are hooks that I've got his
 people in or my people in or, you know, and then the landing page and then like
 that's just it creates everything.
 And the people that are the best in the world of this and they're also
 ones that make the most money is a Gora.
 But good, Gora publishing.
 They're selling newsletters.
 That's all they sell, right?
 But every single time they have these insane stories, like Porter
 stands where he's got, I think, I think maybe not still, but for like a
 decade and a half, like the highest of all the, the, the Agora divisions, I think
 you do like $1.5 or $2 billion a year.
 So like these are big divisions, Porter's letter one.
 And the story was like the railroad across America.
 They're talking about like the original railroad, how it happened and all
 people made money along the way.
 And this is the next railroads being built.
 It's the digital highway and all that stuff.
 And that offer was selling a newsletter, but it's the story behind it.
 They got that like became the thing that built a billion dollar company, right?
 And they're good.
 They're so good at figuring out the story and those kinds of things.
 I think sometimes we're like, Hey, I created a course in the past.
 You should create a course too.
 I made money.
 It's going to be awesome.
 And then you just buy my course creating software or whatever.
 And I, it's just like, ah, that's not the thing.
 Like we're so bad at telling stories.
 We brag about our result.
 We tell them they get the same result.
 And that's it.
 It's like, no, that's not the key.
 It's the story.
 It's the entry.
 It's that we want to be entertained.
 We want to be, we want to be courted.
 We want to be, you know, like that's, that's the game we're playing in marketing.
 And so when you figure that out, like, they offer actually sexy and then why is that sexy?
 The sexiness is not just like, you get a bunch of crap.
 The sexiness is the story about how this was created.
 Literally what it does.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Catherine Jones.
 What was one of her favorite things is, um, when your stories become their stories, then your solutions become their solutions.
 Right.
 And that's literally what this is.
 Like, if you can tell the story where they like getting, they're like, Oh my gosh, it's amazing.
 Right.
 Like then, you know, go and do it.
 So like, for example, Harry Potter world, right?
 Like the story, it, my, my wife freaking loves Harry Potter world.
 Right.
 I mean, like that was her thing.
 When we went down to fun, like live, it was like, we were going to take a half a day just to go to Harry Potter world.
 So we showed up and then it was like, Hey, Miles is like, dude, the buzz is leaving for Harry Potter world.
 Right.
 Like, there wasn't much convincing it has to be done.
 Like the story is like, Oh my gosh, Harry Potter world is amazing.
 It's Harry Potter.
 And it's like, I want it.
 Like she wanted that thing.
 Right.
 Because of the story that was leading up to it.
 There was no like what's Harry Potter world?
 Like, is it any good?
 Like what's this?
 It's like, no, it's Harry Potter world.
 Like, Oh, okay.
 Yeah, I want it.
 Right.
 And it's like, that's like the story with that.
 So that's super, super interesting.
 Um, so where do you see?
 Where do you see the future of funnels going?
 Right.
 Cause obviously there's a lot of changes coming with click funnels and clip on a super.
 No, which, oh my gosh, I'm so excited.
 Um, guesin, guesin hits me up.
 Probably dude, he probably hits me up once a week and is like, Hey, guess what?
 Click on a super.
 No, it's awesome.
 And you don't have it.
 And I'm like, I hate you.
 Stop.
 I'm actually going to go now to the magnetic marketing funnel hub right now for you, which
 is cool.
 Yeah.
 So anyway, but like what's the next evolution and, and we don't really have time to too
 much talk about metaverse and like kind of where that goes.
 But like, but like we're, we're entering this new world, right?
 We're, and I mean, like the world is changing very, very, very rapidly.
 COVID is what kind of one of those things that, you know, we thought the internet was
 a big deal in the market.
 He's a big deal pre COVID.
 And then we like, you watch zoom blow up by like, you know, like 3000% or something like
 that and then ruin zoom for us.
 But anyway, but like, you know, like, so like, where, where are you?
 Where are things going that like people should be paying attention to and like going and
 like actually studying and understanding about like kind of the future of funnels?
 Because one of the things that I've been really, really focused on and word, we're kind of
 getting dialed in is like community funnels, right?
 Specifically, like I think for me, like one of the things that I've noticed is that it's
 it's very, very, it's getting increasingly harder to sell things unless you have a community
 that that's tied with it, right?
 And so like for me, one of the things we're focusing on is like, how do we build funnels
 inside of our community where like our community actually like becomes part of the funnel,
 right?
 Which is kind of like a cool concept.
 So like what, what do you see as kind of like those future things of where funnels
 are headed where the big opportunities are going to be?
 Like what's the next add to webinar to a 997 course?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like what was the future where we're headed?
 You know, I hate to make it sound simple, but if I come back to the fundamentals, like
 we talked about the beginning of this call, like Dan Kennedy, like whoever could spend
 the most money to acquire customer wins.
 So you look at it throughout lens, right?
 We went from a product to an offer to a funnel, right?
 And now with the funnel, I have more ways to make money.
 And then from there, the next evolution was like from funnel to value ladder.
 And now it's like having a break even funnel and move people to value ladder.
 And that's how, you know, I may lose money or break even on my book funnel, but then my
 webinar funds to make money or vice versa, right?
 Right.
 That was the next phase.
 And I think for me, like where I'm playing sometimes I play for the next 10 years, like
 how do I, how do I win this game?
 Like we're doing well, I want to, like how do you get a point where, you know, Shopify
 or sales force is like, I want to write you check for $20 billion because you're such
 annoyance, right?
 Like the way I'm going to do that for me is like, and it comes back like, why do I
 hire a magnet marking right?
 Brad, Brad, Brad, Kalins can why I'm doing this?
 Because I'm not looking at break even funnels anymore.
 Breaking in funnels.
 Awesome.
 I'm going one share back where I'm building breaking businesses.
 So my neck marked me.
 The only gold magnetic marketing is to break you and the entire company, the value ladder,
 the coaching, everything.
 Because every penny made side of magnetic marketing, he dumped back in ads.
 100% of the profits dumped back into ads.
 So this company, he's blowing up and he's like, and get now all these things dumped into
 my value ladder for click phones.
 Like that's it.
 Roomly doing $40 million a year.
 Why do we acquire that company?
 Tons of lead flow.
 Now right now there's, you know, it was $10 million a year of net profit.
 All that money now is being dumped directly into lead flow as a break even business to
 acquire customers for click phones.
 So I think it's going deeper, it's looking past, you know, like from product to offer
 to funnel to value ladder to like, how do I buy or acquire or create something where
 the only goal of this entire business is just to get customers for free that can put into
 here.
 And I mean, that's the next level is just like that.
 It just blew my mind, dude.
 Holy cow.
 Like that's, I mean, that's you're creating an ecosystem, but in a very specific way.
 Like it's interesting as you just told that out, just like versus this, then it was this,
 then it was it.
 It's like the thing before it didn't change, right?
 Like that's still part of it.
 It's the same.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 But it's kind of that next evolution, that next piece of where that comes out, that's
 fascinating.
 I think a lot of people need to just really like rewind that and like go listen to that,
 like clipping in and like let's your, let's your brain sit on that.
 That's all right.
 In the game.
 Yes.
 Hopefully I'm like force force upside everyone else by all, all for showing that with you
 and I just, again, for everyone to start thinking that because it's going to get harder.
 It's going to get more expensive.
 It's going to get more when we see that this year, ad costs have gone up.
 Like it's going to, it's not going to get cheap.
 It's not going to bounce back down to be cheaper.
 I just can keep doing that.
 You know, the people who only had a product back in the air out of business, people only
 had an offer back in the air out of business, people who don't have a funnel or out of
 a business, people who don't have a value adder out of a business.
 Like, like, so it's just like thinking ahead of that, like metaverse or whatever the next
 step is.
 And when it matters, it's the principle still is the same for me for 20 years, whoever can
 spend the most money to acquire customer wins.
 How do I do that in a way that serves the customers, brings them in and then I'll end
 on this because it ties back to what you said.
 And I did a podcast on this.
 It's in the facts I got from Dan Kennedy after the company sold last time.
 He was super mad at the company that had jacked up his brand and his legacy and stuff.
 And so he'd said this like 25 page facts, like all things to do to fix it.
 And there's one paragraph where he said, there's difference between like why customers
 come in and why they stay.
 And he said, you will do the same thing.
 He's like, no, they're different.
 Like, why they come in?
 It's because they see the hook of like, oh, this thing, they come in from that.
 They stay for something different.
 And you have to understand that.
 So like, I had my inner circle meeting, right?
 Everyone paid 50 grand to be in the room.
 We had 100 entrepreneurs in the room.
 And I told him, it's like, well, you guys all came because you want to learn funnels from
 Russell.
 But my, the reason why you came is not why you were going to stay here.
 The reason you're sick year after year after year is because of the community.
 Like that's it.
 Like that's why I sat down in your rooms for six years of my life.
 It's because the community built and I wanted to be around these people.
 I came for Dan, stuck to the community.
 And I think that you start understanding that.
 That's how you get these people to come in on a front end, when they stay and they buy
 over and over and they stand continuity, they stick because it's like, it's that they come
 in from a hook where they stay for the something different.
 And so I really understanding that and then weaving everything you're doing.
 Like you're doing now with the community funnels, which is perfect.
 That's amazing.
 That's amazing.
 All right.
 Well, I think that's a good ending point for that, for that topic.
 There's episode number two of our Hangout today, which was amazing.
 Hey, everybody.
 Let's rustle again and really quick, I just opened up a texting community, which means
 you can text me your questions.
 And right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text
 me a message.
 Okay.
 And the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797.
 When you text me, just say hello.
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you
 back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free
 swag, giving away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a
 whole bunch more.
 Just want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks
 and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-3797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
