 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to a freezing cold late night marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everyone it is officially 2 36 a.m. In the morning
 By the time you're listening this already have happened but tomorrow is the 10x secrets
 Product launch and I am so excited ah
 I don't even know I don't even know how to explain my excitement level
 it's a
 I feel like there's been a lot of cool things that I've tried to bring into this world right like I don't have these legacy projects we have right so
 I think ClickFunnels is by far my biggest legacy project right like this thing we brought to the world to help
 Power entrepreneurs and sell more products and change the world which has been good
 But I think that the thing that and I think like the books I've written have helped simplify the process
 People but I think the thing that's the most beneficial is like having fun was really good
 Understanding how to do it how to create products really good, but like how to sell is like ah the most important thing
 I have so many entrepreneurs who could change so many people's lives
 but they do not have the ability to persuade somebody into giving them money so that and you can go and transform and change their lives and
 I
 Think for me that was that was the key right like I spent 15 years my life those who know the backstory like trying to understand the skill
 Went to my very first marketing event
 Man probably 13 years ago now. I think 12 13 years ago as an awkward shy
 Internet nerd who had no friends outside of my beautiful wife and some wrestling buddies
 I was trying to figure out how to make money online and I went to this event
 I was expecting to learn SDO and PPC and all these things
 Instead I saw a speaker get up talk about internet marketing at the end. He sold a he sold his package
 And I watched an amazement as people ran to the back of the room
 It was a $2,000 course. I did the math. I was two four six eight ten twelve Mike
 Oh my gosh, I got made sixty eight thousand dollars in an hour and a half the next guy got off and spoke and he sold
 He sold a five thousand dollar package
 I did the math and I've used on he did like a hundred twenty thousand dollars in sales
 And I saw the next speaker in the next in the next now for three days of watching this
 I was like I have to learn the skill like I have to become a master of this
 And so I started the journey and it was not an easy road for me
 There were ups and downs and bumps and bruises and all sorts of nightmares in between
 Lonely nights long trips on the road some trips right finance to you know
 I paid to fly out get hotels everything I'd go and I would speak and I'd sell and I wouldn't actually sell anything and I
 Fly home and like man, I lost six thousand dollars trying to go sell on this thing
 Six thousand dollars we didn't have expecting to go out and kill something and bring a home and coming home empty handed not once
 But multiple times but I kept doing it kept doing it kept doing it until I started learning
 How do you persuade how do you teach how do you make an offer?
 How do you control a room? How do you get people to do what you need them to do so you can actually change their life and?
 That was a man like 12 13 14 your journey for me
 and
 I really feel like tomorrow actually today a couple hours from now
 I think it's a nine hours from now is the lunch nine hours and I
 21 minutes is the launch, but I feel like this is the culmination of all that where I'm taking
 Everything and putting it into a super product. It literally is
 Me it was after the Grant Cardone event where I did $3.2 million 90 minutes and then 30 days later
 I got on stage of my own event and did
 $13 million in 90 minutes
 You know, I made more in 30 days than I had made prior, you know, usually in multiple years
 and
 And after the 10x event I promised everyone that would do a training show on how I did it
 I did a six-hour training and that is the foundation of this product is that six-hour training and then as we started creating
 You know this as an in fact
 He is listening podcast if you remember after the Grant Cardone event
 I said, you know some guys are going to blown away. I made $3.2 million
 But this is just the beginning I'm gonna make way more telling the story about how I made $3.2 million
 And so this is the beginning of that
 and so
 As we start putting the off they get it could be even better and better I just clip clip plugging in more and more things and
 Like we spent this whole day working on my webinar slides and making templated versions and that people can take and literally have my
 My slides my power points my keynotes you can go tweak them and edit them for yourself
 I did a whole training 40 minutes down how to like edit the power points and all the psychology behind them I did I
 Found a two and a half hour training. I did my inner circle
 It showed the choreographing of the 10 X amount and also the funnel hacking live and like how do we do $13 million in sales
 That our own event we were choreographed every minute of the entire event and I walked through the choreographing of that
 I put out in the course I put
 interviews with all the legends I learned closing from like oh I can't even tell you how much we put into this thing
 But it isn't saying and I'm proud of it and I hope that I
 Hope that all the years get it not just because I want to make money. I do am I gonna lie?
 That's not the purpose. I want you to get excited how much money is gonna make you
 It's gonna give you the ability to actually persuade your audience
 To give you money and when they give you money then you have the ability to help them and to serve them and to change their lives
 People don't people who don't pay don't pay attention
 And if you can't get someone to pay you're not gonna be able to have the
 Ability to get them to pay enough tension to your message to be able to change their life and the skill set that I want to teach you guys
 Oh, it will it will change everything. I can show you guys
 Tons of people that have gone through pieces of this training, right?
 Brandon and Kalen went through this training boom lady boss was born, right?
 Dan Henry went through this training. You've seen how he's blown up like I can show you
 Hundreds of people that have learned this stage presenting webinar
 Style that I do and have built multiple million dollar year businesses
 And this is the first time I put everything together like one spot
 So if I was you a couple things number one go to tenexseeker.com right now and buy slowly
 The funnel we've I'm very proud of this funnel
 There's so much in it and if you put your student glasses on when you buy and you'll notice like what is he doing?
 Why is he doing it? Where's the layout?
 Why is the button here? Why is the order for them like this?
 Why does like all those things are strategically thought out and tested? They're not something we just make up so buy slowly
 It'll be worth the price of admission alone just to study the funnel
 number two buy the upsells because they are insane and I didn't like I
 Wish I could tell you everything the order form bump is my PowerPoint slide deck and a training goes with it is insane
 Like if you don't buy that you must hate money the first upsell
 I literally got John Childers the dude who trained almost all public speakers for 20 years the people who he's like the founder of this industry
 He licensed his course to us and his course is called children's chunks
 It's not just like here's a course time to speak from stage
 It literally is all of the stories he uses to break false beliefs and you listen to the course and then he gives you the chunks
 You learn them you memorize you plug them into your presentation and now you can use them
 We license that entire thing from him so you get that as part of the upsell which is that alone
 I can tell you many times I listen that course and how many times I've memorized his stories to be able to tell them into my
 Presentations like the fact that he allowed us to license that is insane. Oh, it's insanely good
 The second upsell is my fat event. We should charge $15,000 for now
 You can literally do the fat event virtually from your home at a fraction of a fraction of the fraction the cost like
 If I was you I'd invest in everything
 I wish I could just force you to buy it all because it's worth it all and we give everything is hugely discounted prices because I want
 Everyone having this because I guess as soon as you learn how to persuade everything will change for you
 Anyway, thanks. Let me rant and talk about it. I'm so excited
 If you haven't checked out go to ten eight secrets calm pay attention watch the process watch the videos watch the copy read the copy
 Look at the links look at the structure look at the order forms look at the upsells look at the copy of the bumps like
 This is a marketing education that I hope you guys are paying attention to all right that said I'm going to bed
 by
 I'd be here in like three and a half hours to work out with my guy
 So it's gonna be a short night early morning, but then the launch is tomorrow and that's
 The best part so thanks everyone. Have a great night, and I'll talk to you soon
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at experts secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC backs sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
