 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome you to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I'm going to show you how a simple stack slide was the key one of the keys to helping end world war number one
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, I'm so excited today, so I'm with my wife
 We are celebrating our second anniversary
 We decided to rent an Airbnb in San Diego and just ditch everyone our kids our family and we're just sitting here literally doing nothing
 We're reading watching TV eating junk food and getting massages and rinse and repeat it's been really fun
 And so I brought one book with me. This is a book. I'm actually really excited to I've been really excited read
 When my friends Joe Vitaly aka mr. Fire he wrote this book when he was
 I don't like 15 years ago or so about time. I was getting into internet marketing
 I remember seeing it and I think I can't if I read it or I've read a part of it or whatever by no
 I bought it and I had it and it was all about PT Barnum's
 Secrets to business success called there's a customer born every minute
 So me guys if you know about PT Barnum, there's a quote that he said that there's a sucker born every minute
 Which apparently is not true, but Joe Vitaly's books called there's a customer born every minute and his book super rare now
 Like in fact I tried to buy another copy of it on Amazon
 It's hard to get and then I called the publisher and actually ordered
 650 copies that we're sending out to all my two common club X members
 So those of you guys are in two common club X and my inner circle you should be getting this book in the mail
 What you're gonna love?
 Anyway, I'm gonna do a podcast is just all the amazing marketing stuff
 I'm learning from this book because there's so many so many so many good things here from PT Barnum and from everything
 But there's one lesson I just read that was so good. I like literally drop my book and I was like, okay
 I have to go do a podcast on this because this is insane and amazing and hopefully will
 Prove a point that I've been trying to make over and over and over and over and over again that everything good in life comes by making
 Really really good offers. Okay. All right, so here here
 Here we go. So in this book, this is actually not something PT Barnum did. This is one of PT Barnum's
 I'd say one of his students one of his some of his studied Barnum his name was Harry
 Reichenbach and
 They said he was basically the single greatest force in the American advertising since PT Barnum
 And anyway, so right there's a whole bunch of stories by him the one that was like insanely cool is basically he created an offer
 He created a stack slide and then
 To try to stop the war he printed out 45 million of these things and flew over enemy lines and dropped these things
 For the German soldiers to get and he was hoping they would read this offer and then become a prisoner of war
 Okay, so literally he created an offer to get somebody to become a prisoner of war, okay?
 Okay, so I'm gonna read this from the books is so insanely cool
 You can hear exactly what the offer was how it worked and how effective it was
 I said during World War one Reichenbach created a plumber that the allies dropped by planes over the German lines
 So I'm gonna say diploma think stack slide or think offer so he created an offer that the allies dropped by plane over the German lines
 The diploma the offer stacks line gave any German soldier upon surrender status as a prisoner with officer rank
 The back of the diploma listed the benefits, okay?
 So the first thing that like if you decide to take this offer so when you go all in today
 I'm gonna make you a prisoner with officer rank, okay?
 So that's not just a regular prisoner. It's like a higher ranking prisoner, right?
 And in the back of the ploma back of the officer the stack slide listed the benefits number one
 Bread and meat to eat every single day. Okay, so when you become a prisoner
 I mean you bread meat to eat every single day number two you can get cigarettes to smoke number three
 You can get the liking comb
 I'm guessing some type of comb you can comb your hair with and number four twenty four sheets of toilet paper a day, okay?
 No, apparently that was the one that I pushed people over the edge because apparently didn't have toilet paper
 Which if you're a German soldier out there trying to kill people, I don't know about you
 But I would like some toilet paper today 24 sheets of toilet paper a day if they go on this offer I
 apologize that they hear planes flying by
 We're in San Diego on the beach and there's planes everywhere anyway, all right says about 45 million diplomas
 Slash offer slides slash stacks slides. I should everyone call it 45 million these things were dropped over enemy lines during the war
 Thousands of Germans grabbed the offer and put down their weapons
 The German army became so concerned that a past law making it a capital offense to pick up any paper on the battlefield in short
 Bend over and get shot the brilliant scheme worked because the German soldiers wanted more than anything toilet paper
 You guys getting this you wanted to end the war
 He wanted more prisoners of war
 So instead of just like trying to capture people and pull them by their will he said what if we made an irresistible offer
 Offer so good that they would just come and give themselves to us that way
 We didn't have to go and beg and fight and scheme and they do all this painful thing. They'd actually come to us
 Okay, it's okay first thing is we need to give them status
 I'm hopefully if you've read the X for secrets books and light bulbs
 I'm not forget the game status number one is that um when you do this shots to become a prisoner of war
 You become prisoner with officer rank you will have status. They're like oh my gosh
 This is great because I want status. They said okay. What are the things you need?
 Okay
 If you look at internal the internal struggle right like I'm gonna be hungry
 Okay, you want you bread and meat eat every single day like wow that's better
 I'm getting right now. I'm treating it cigarettes to smoke number three
 You're gonna get a comb apparently comb your hair and then 24 sheets of toilet paper
 That was the thing like pushing over the edge like when you act now. I'm gonna get 24 sheets toilet paper
 right out
 Anyway, I thought I was so so cool to see how this dude basically created an offer
 Just try to end the world try to end the war and you think about it's like everything we do in life all comes down
 Like being able to create amazing offers right like think about
 If you want your friends to go to movie with you the better you can make the offer more likely if they are to go with you
 Right if you're like hey, I want to go this movie is gonna be really good
 I want to see this movie like if you're like hey if you come to the movie
 This is all by your tickets number two. I will buy you a treat number three
 I'll get a front row seats number four
 I'll get blah blah blah blah right like you create an offer like sweet. I'm in okay
 Think about this when you met your wife like you're like, yeah, you're okay looking
 But how this we're gonna go get sushi and after sushi I'm gonna take you to a movie and then after movie we're gonna do
 Do you get created actual offer right and then like yeah, I mean I want to do that okay the better you come off or creation
 The better you do everything okay, you're gonna find a better
 Spoushing you your meal your kids do what you need to do you're gonna be able to
 motivate and tyshire employees you're gonna be able to sell your customers better price you'll be able to end a war get people to become prisoners of war for you like
 like whatever
 Like whatever it is you need done at all it all stems down
 To this one amazing thing which is how do we create a really really good irresistible offer?
 and it's just
 So cool just so cool to see in in this context because it can work in any of them
 It's funny. I was doing a presentation for the two comic club ex people the other day
 I'm trying to explain offer creation and it's funny because a lot of them are in e-commerce too
 So every time I e-commerce people like well I sell physical products. I can't do offers
 I'm like do I want to stab you in the eye
 It's so easy with physical products and then all of a sudden an example popped in my head that I shared
 I want to share with you guys because I think it's
 It's so good
 So I said okay, let's say you wanted to you're gonna go buy an iPhone right?
 Let's say you already even had an iPhone
 I was like hey, I'm gonna say my iPhone and you're like I already have one or like why would I buy yours my wallets and
 And holding one more caveat on this. I'm gonna sell my iPhone for twice as much as you buy retail for okay
 So you can buy this iPhone and hold it right on my hands like 500 bucks
 Let's say if you go to anywhere online
 Or you can buy mine for thousand bucks, okay?
 I guarantee you in about five seconds from now. I'm gonna get everyone of you guys who are me a thousand bucks for my iPhone
 Okay, let me see all right. This is the deal okay
 So when you decided to buy my iPhone right now the first thing you're gonna get is my phone which retail price of $500
 You can get those anywhere. So that's not that special
 Okay, therefore it is not an offer. We're selling a commodity and when you have a commodity is raised to the bottom
 Okay, so commodities like that's the worst thing you could possibly sell right?
 That's what most people do okay, all right, so I'm taking this taking this this commodity this iPhone
 Now I'm gonna turn to an offer. So when you buy this iPhone a couple things number one is
 Recently I went through my entire audio or my entire library. I had I've purchased conservatively
 I'd say between four hundred fifteen five hundred thousand dollars in marketing courses over the last 15 years in my life
 I used to have them on six bookshelves that wrap two rooms in my office
 By recently sent to my brother who took all
 And I say 300 plus marketing courses average cost per course was a thousand dollars for somewhere up to four or five thousand dollars a piece
 He took all of those and he burned all the audios onto
 Into audio book format and those are all my course or all my phone are here
 So I say conservatively looking at at least four hundred fifty five hundred thousand dollars in marketing sales and personal development courses are on this phone
 So when you get this phone right now, I'm also gonna give you access all those courses cuz they are already on my phone number two
 Thing I'm gonna give you number three thing. I'm gonna give you I'm also gonna give you
 An app called voxer that gives you a secret portal into a voxer app on my own personal phone
 It's anytime you want to vox me you can click on a button and you can ask me any question you want as often you want number four
 All my phone in my address book are the phone numbers of many really amazing people like Tony Robbins cell phone numbers in there
 Brandon Bouchard Frank Kearns
 Dan Kennedy's actually that's not true doesn't have his cell phone. It's his fax number second fax him
 He's in there
 pretty much all the top marketing of sales and personal development gurus on planet earth the personal contact information is in my phone here and
 number five
 You have access to
 What else can I put in here anyway?
 See now I took this phone that normally sells 500 bucks everyone and I made an offer now
 How many guys would pay me thousand bucks for this phone?
 Yeah, everyone on planet earthwood. I had a friend who kind of knows the time
 He was about to go through some really bad times and he messaged me. He's like he basically did I said
 Hey man, I got this whole cheap laptop here. It's like a $500 laptop, but has all my
 You know my own time marketing library for the last you know 20 years. They're on it
 If you want all this I'll get any laptop
 I'm just gonna throw some away if you want I'll ship it to you for like five grand and I was he told me all the courses were on there
 I was like done wired in five grand and shipped me out this laptop with all these courses on it
 It was the coolest thing in the world what now a couple things number one is probably not legal to do
 He did because he did another right to to do to like transfer those things
 But I was like I thought he was just like offering it to me is like this is my laptop. You can just have it right
 Little did I know he made that same offer to I don't know a lot of other people. I think he ended up selling
 20 or 30 of them at five grand a pot
 And made himself quite a bit of money really quick all under the table. He was racing from a law thing. I found out later
 So anyway, that's the story from another podcast episode, but the concept is true. That makes sense
 Anyway, so it all comes down to offer creation
 You guys don't care if you want to get prisoners for it
 You want to find a beautiful wife you want your kids do the right things if you want to people go to the movie
 You want people to read a book if you want people to do whatever it is that is the key
 Steven Larson our two comical Beck's event he got on stage
 I don't know if I told you this already or not
 And he got a book that he'd never heard of and over read before stood up
 And he made an offer saying basically if you get this book
 I'm gonna give you this and this and I told a story about the book made this amazing offer
 He had like 10 or 12 people buy the book while they're sitting in the room
 You're two people run on stage and like fight for the book after you've done. He said I've never read that book
 I have no idea what it's about
 But I want to prove two things number one. He's like I gave a really I told a really good story and number two
 I made a really good offer if you have a really good story really good offer
 You could sell literally anything even if you don't know what it is on that's all it takes
 And so that's the magic of the sea eyes the art of the whole art of hook story offer like
 I've been geeking out on it so much recently like if you look at I've talked about a lot in last recent podcast
 Go back to the episode called hook story offer like
 The more you master that piece of it
 Yeah, the better you can be at selling anything. I look at like when I was an affiliate I
 spread a lot of people's products and I
 Would always I would always be like number one number two feel like we always got the big competitions
 I thought why did I always sell so much and the reason was because I look at whatever the person was selling and I
 Create an offer around like you cool when you buy a so-and-so course
 I'm gonna give you this this and I'd like I create an offer of my own things
 They would get for free when they bought the same for somebody else
 And like that's the that's the magic of this whole game like it's gonna be the top affiliate in the world
 We're gonna do the top network marketing. We're gonna be the top selling your product your service like it all comes down
 Hook story offer having good hook telling the story and making the ears of splotfer
 So if it works to get prisoners of war in World War one
 I promise you guys are to work for whatever is you're selling as well. So hope that helps appreciate you all have an amazing day
 And we'll talk soon
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 TV.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
