 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson and welcome to a late night marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everyone, I'm in my home tonight right now my wife and my kids are asleep. I'm about to head to bed
 I still got kind of a stuffy nose
 I uh my Monday my cold went away and then Todd and Ryan and Karen and
 Nick and everybody a bunch of people flew in town this week to do a big hackathon and
 Working on some new updates in click funnels a click funnels action XMD and a bunch of just insane cool things
 We'll be showing at filmmaking live and we basically pull two all-miders in a row and lo and behold my cold came back
 So now we have official proof that sleep
 Does correlate to if you're gonna get sick or not so yeah, you should sleep more often so tonight we actually went home early
 It's a little after 10 so I'm gonna get some sleep tonight, which I'm excited for
 But wanted to share a quick message with you guys that that was really cool
 I was kind of just catching up with my voxers and my inner circle members and
 And answering them and had a really cool conversation tonight through voxer with one of my inner circle members
 He's click funnels member to comic-a-winner and inner circle members named Akbar Sheik a lot of you guys may know him
 he's very prominent in our community and
 It was really cool conversation and I'm not gonna share the whole thing because you know
 First off just confidentiality with my clients a second off
 It doesn't matter kind of the end result of what we talked about ended up being really cool and I thought it
 Would spend a little bit sharing with all of you guys. I think it's important
 So what Akbar really talking to me was just basically talking about
 You know business owners who an entrepreneur's have success and then a lot of times they they stop being humble and there's a concept
 There's a concept called the the pride cycle so those who you know went to seminary like I did
 There's a concept called pride cycle. This is how pride cycle works
 Okay, so first is you are humble right and you're eager to learn and try to grow or whatever
 Right and then you because of that because you're humble you sure I'm in success
 You start learning and growing and developing and then you go on this this circle right so those who listen you can't see my finger
 But those are watching I'm making a circle my fingers
 They started going up here in success
 I start learning and more to get things happen and all of a sudden you get to the very top and boom you're having success
 And then what happens will show have a success we start drinking our own Kool-Aid. We start becoming prideful
 I'm sure thinking man. I am amazing. It happens at the top of that then this is the back side of the of the pride cycle where
 then the Lord or whoever it is humbles you and basically
 You become humble to the point you end back at the very bottom and you cycle and then hopefully your humph
 Sufficiently humble where you can learn and grow and then you start this process up again and you go up and
 Then you go top the cycle and then usually people top become prideful and then they crash you
 This is pride cycle right and this is happening around all day long and happening since the beginning of time
 You can see in political leaders religiously energy and see it in
 People humans authored like any anyone in your own life
 You've seen I guarantee you've seen it if you step back and look at your life
 You've seen the pride cycle and and and it's it's it's it's a true thing that's happening right?
 and so
 We were talking about that. It's like, you know, and I people a lot of times asked me like Russell
 How come you know, how do you stay humble things happening?
 I was like because I'm scared of the pride cycle. I've gone on the full loop and
 The bottom's not very much fun. So I'm trying to figure out
 How do I stay up here and the thing that I know is that when you're prideful you have to crash
 If you believe scripture, you know, it says
 The Lord will have our humble people either you will be humble or he will humbly you so I'm like, okay
 I'm gonna be humble because I don't want to be humble. That's horrible and
 It's interesting. I was next thing I kind of told Akbar was about I had a friend
 I was in Mexico and this marketing thing and I was talking to this guy. He became a friend later
 He's super wealthy, you know buys and sells businesses and makes you know a ton of money
 And was interesting as we were talking he wanted to hear my story
 So of course his most entrepreneurs do I tell him the highlight reel about cool
 I am and he's like oh and not impressed
 I'm like huh and he asked me like he's like so he always just had success and and I was like, huh
 I kind of told him like well twice I pretty much bankrupted my companies and
 and
 He said well tell me that story that story sounds more interesting. So I kind of tell the story and
 And he's like good good. I'm like, what do you mean good? That's not good and he's like no
 He's like you cycle. He means he said I'll never work an entrepreneur has a cycle at least once
 I was like we've been cycled. He said you built a company of crashes
 Like if you have a cycle like you're still gonna drink your own Kool-Aid read your own bio and believe it
 And he's like it's not gonna be good and I was like oh how cool is that first off cycling sounds way cooler than failing
 But second off I was just like how interesting it's the pride cycle, right?
 He would all like he only works on his least cycled once because they're sufficiently humble and they don't listen to advice
 They're gonna they're gonna grow and so Akbar and I were kind of talking about this and then his message back was like well
 He's like you know, I've been down the bottom. He's like but I've gotten this spot on kind of top
 He's like I don't I don't want that to be part of my story. I don't want the crashing part of my story
 Like what do I do and so I just wanted to share this piece of advice because this is kind of I told him and I think that
 It's important for all of us to think about so
 What I told him I said first off from like a business like basically I learned is like
 Because yes, he's like is you know is about diversification is that the key?
 I was like well kind of like I believe in diversification in
 Something's been out your business. I think you everyone should go like whatever you want
 Whatever your business is gonna be like you should go all in like should diversify your business
 I think having multiple businesses is the fastest way to destroy your business
 And I know that from personal experience from a decade of it
 So this is not me just for glossifying. This is me doing a lot of businesses and none of them could grow
 Having a sole focus you're not diversifying your businesses
 You're diversifying the pieces around your business like where are the singular failure points for me my first time
 I or the second biggest big business crash was I had we had I was running on one merchant account
 And that was it. It's like oh and so it's like diversification merchant accounts to protect myself
 So if this goes out this goes out like I have protection right?
 That was number one in like diversification of traffic sources like yesterday yesterday's podcast
 I talked about the Facebook's lab that's coming it's like if all your eggs with the Zuckerberg basket like you could be in trouble
 I know so many people that all their eggs were Google's basket was PPC and
 PPC shifted businesses gone when they went to SEO and SEO shifted businesses gone like
 diversifying your traffic source like you need to make sure you get in traffic to release two sources if you have a sales person
 these two sales guys if you got a programmer at least two program like diversification
 Inside the business to protect it, but not diversification of your business like you shouldn't be doing five different businesses
 That's the opposite of good. That's number one and then number two
 Is trying to remain humble in this hard sometimes right like it's just like I need to keep myself sufficiently humble
 Because if not, I'm gonna be humble. It's like what does that mean?
 Well for me being praying to God it means not being a jerk means remembering that it's not me like it's an amazing team of people remembering that
 The only reason I've been given these gifts and these blessings is because there's a purpose for it
 I'm trying to help other people if I lose sight of those things
 Am I heading girl fast and I understand like I have a fat head anyway, I can't wear hats
 This is actually a true story. I can't wear hats because I have a fat
 My circumference in my head is enormous. I've tried my whole life to wear hats and I can't you'll never see me in
 Hat ever because my head's so fat so my head will continue to grow and swell
 It's like number two is like just being aware of it being aware of where you are in this pride cycle
 Like if you were sufficiently humble
 That's that's good and like stay there and then as you start a success like that try to stay humble because it's hard
 number two thing was I look at all the people that I know that have
 Over the last 50 years of doing this and I've seen people go through this cycle
 The ones that don't make it back up are the ones who are too prideful to learn blows my mind
 Between Christmas time and now I've had three close friends who have had big businesses who have crashed
 Who couldn't be saying here else?
 Well, I see what you're doing is anyway, I could come to your office and shatter you just see what you're doing
 So I can understand so I can get my business back up and all of my close friends
 And I was like yeah, I would I would definitely be game for that
 But first you got to read my two books redex for secret and dot-com seekers because like that's like that's the foundation read those
 And then let me know and then you can come and so I told them that and none of them have read the books and then will come
 They won't learn and I'm like, oh you kidding me like I feel like I feel like at this time in my life
 I'm the top of my game like I
 Think this is me and my head starts to like I don't think there's a lot of people who who?
 Understand marketing better than me at this point marketing and sales like it's not just because of the big ego
 But just like I've I've dedicated a decade and a half to this right and like at a high level like super intense
 Super immersion super like not just theory but testing testing like I don't think there's many people who are more than that
 But I also think there's more people study more than me
 I still study because I'm just I want to say sufficiently humble like I'm always learning like I'm in mastermind groups
 I pay other people for coaching I have multiple coaches happening all the time on my phone if I was to show you my iBooks account I
 Have I would say conservatively at this point probably
 350 to 400 thousand dollars in courses on my phone that I listen to every single day old school stuff new stuff
 I'm always trying to learn because like
 Because I don't want the market to shift and me be left behind I need to be sufficiently humble
 So I can continue to learn so I can see what's happening
 Me awake where the trends be where the evergreen things that are never gonna shift and just like I'm always learning
 Partially for me also heard Richard shephron said this one time he's like I get paid to think for a lot of people and
 He's like that's why I have to learn and study because like then I share with other people and I'm thinking for other people
 I feel like I feel an obligation that too like I have a lot of people following me listening to me and like I need to
 Consume and learn and keep on top of the game so I continue to give back because I get paid from every from my tribe to
 contribute back so number two and then the third thing is
 sometimes we need to
 To cycle and sometimes not always because you're prideful sometimes just you're going the wrong direction. I look at
 I look at my business over the last 15 years like I was running in a direction and I thought it was right at the time
 And maybe it was right at the time back
 I learned a lot of things made a lot of people and we serve people as best we do at the time and then
 everything crashed and
 Because that thing shifted and then I started running the strikes and running right doing the best
 I could best I understood I made a lot of mistakes, but then amazing people I learned I learned I learned
 build this thing up and then it crashed again and then I shifted and
 I look at during those times like during the crashes. I was just like devastating like I thought I was doing the right thing
 I thought I was you know
 I thought I was doing what I supposed to be doing
 But it didn't work so apparently something was wrong and a lot of times it may be something wrong
 Maybe it's that God needed you over here, but you're running this direction
 so he had to like
 To force the things so you'd be humble enough to listen to move and then boom
 humble enough listen to be able to move again and
 You know I look at my life now. I look at the path. I look at
 You know the people that that I met because of these these things that I wouldn't have met otherwise that they've built click fun
 I was like I'd be I met Todd because of a crash here
 I met Dave because of this I met Brendan and John and all the people my team
 Ryan like all these amazing and I mean there's so many of my team I could go on for hours
 But people like I picked up each of those during these these journeys these ups and these downs that came to part of our team
 That made the foundation that we needed to be able to build click funnels. I can now my life like man like
 Like those those things were necessary. So sometimes, you know, you could be doing everything right
 But you just have to trust God God may need your business to crash
 For him to get you to where he needs you at and it's just being okay with that and like okay in fact
 I was talking to um who was it their day?
 Something other day about that in my in my own life. I was just like, you know, click funnels is awesome
 I love it. I believe it's my mission, but maybe there's maybe like this might be not be the end mission
 Maybe there's something I should do over here and maybe
 Like what does that mean? Like I don't know yet. I just need to pay attention
 It's trying to be sufficiently humble. So like when it comes it's like hey
 I need you know, maybe maybe the business crashes. Maybe I need to sell the business
 Maybe I need to keep it forever like I don't know but it's trying to like be humble enough to listen so that
 We know like what's the plan where we're trying to go?
 So we're kind of sipping back and putting our faith in God and saying look
 I'll go where you want me to go. I'll do what you need to do if you need this to end that's okay and
 What am I gonna learn from this? Where am I gonna go from here? So
 Anyway, I hope they helped somebody out there who's listening
 Because it's it's it's pretty cool pretty special
 So there you go. There's the pride cycle. This is a
 Seminary early morning seminary adding go to the morning seminary seminary 101
 But that's that's what happens
 And so for you guys to understand that they can wear you at in this pride cycle are you at the bottom?
 Are you are you humble?
 So awesome like chairs that study learn grow like stay humble and then start coming up to
 Towards the top
 stay humble
 Because that crash is never fun, but if you do crash
 Understand there's a purpose for it. So hope helps you guys appreciate you all have an amazing night
 I'm gonna get to bed get a couple hours sleep before the morning waits a few hours
 So much fun. All right, I guess bye
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called calm secrets
 And you get your free copy at calm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back fast startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
