 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast
 I'm so excited to have you guys here today and this episode is one that I think is going to change a lot of your guys lives
 I'm gonna show you how to turn one really good question into a million dollar a year business
 So hope you're ready and let's get started
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everybody so I'm I like pal sitting here
 Thinking about you all and what I can share to give you guys some ideas and insights and I was thinking about last week
 I was actually recording a podcast for the mastermind.com
 product not a podcast but a video training for the mastermind.com members area and
 In that training I was talking about how
 There are a lot of ways you can make money selling information products and one of them is you become a reporter and as I was
 Diagramming out this this presentation. I was looking at you know who are famous reporters
 We know throughout time
 There's like Napoleon Hill who went out and interviewed over 500 people and then wrote Think and Grow Rich
 Which became amazing book and they look at nowadays someone like Oprah Winfrey who interviewed hundreds of amazing people and that's how she built her brand and then
 Larry King all the people who were reporters and I started thinking about you know in my
 Journey, you know cuz I didn't always start as like I'm Russell Brunson the internet nerd expert guy
 You know, initially it wasn't I had no idea about internet stuff in fact when I was first getting started
 I remember the the second course I created the very first course I created was on how to how to sell public domain products
 And it was a it was a course I did and I think it was like 250 bucks or maybe 500 bucks
 I sold I sold it
 Access to the course for live training course. I think we end up selling
 I don't care right twenty five thousand dollars worth
 Which is really really good for me and then like four or five months later
 I decided to do new course that I called it affiliate boot camp, which is funny because we just launched affiliate boot camp calm
 Which I'll talk about here in a minute
 But it was the original affiliate boot camp and I sold it for a thousand dollars
 And I still remember I launched it
 I had no idea who was gonna buy how many people and we ended up selling 79 people a thousand bucks apiece
 I mean 79 grand. This is me in college and I'm flipping out. I'm like I cannot believe it's made
 $80,000 that's more than any of my teachers made I did it by selling one course that I had not yet fulfilled on
 And so we sold the course and I started fulfilling so module number one
 I did I started teaching my affiliate marketing stuff and I was teaching what I was doing and then I sent our service
 Okay for the next module is what are you interested learning most about?
 People start submitting in all these things and it was funny because like one person or not one but a lot of people like
 I want to learn PPC I want to learn SCO or learn all these things that I did not know how to do and I was like
 Oh crap, they're all gonna want their money back and I've already spent it on dumb stuff. Just kid kind of anyway
 And so I was like okay
 I got to figure out how to do this and so I taught the two or three modules that I knew
 I was gonna teach myself and I was like I gotta figure out how to get the right people in here to teach these other modules
 I don't know the answer to these questions, right?
 And so I remember looking out and I made a list of like
 10 people who I looked up to who were really good at doing paper click search engine marketing as an affiliate and I messes them all
 I said hey
 I have this train program at 79 people who signed up and they want to know about PPC
 Can I have you come on and and let me interview about how to do paper click if you were an affiliate and from that
 I got someone who said yes and so I brought them on my my training
 I did a module I interviewed them and I was really cool because I had a chance to ask them all my own personal questions
 I would interview them I asked all these questions I learned from it plus my members got to hear the module on that topic
 It was awesome next week was anything they wanted low by SEO and I didn't know about SEO
 So I found the top SEO person messes a couple of them one of them said yes
 Brought them on they got a train and I asked them all my questions
 It was cool. It's during this process of me being the reporter. I started learning these things
 I would then go apply them and I became really good at all these things right became good at PPC
 I became good at SEO I became good at all these things
 And that's how I became the internet marketing nerd that I am today by interviewing amazing people
 so that was what I was sharing during this
 During this training the mastermind calm training series, but how I became the reporter and started selling courses
 Just asking people questions and we showed in Tony Robbins book his his money the master of the game
 As well as unbreakable in both those books
 He took on the role as a reporter who went found amazing people interviewed them compiled into a book and boom made to New York
 Times best selling books by being the reporter
 And so I started thinking in case practical application like nowadays
 How do I do this because I still do this right?
 A lot of times we think we just become the reporter when we're starting a business trying to learn things
 Which is a great way to get started by the way, but I should look at it now
 And it's now you know I want to keep growing click funnels
 I want to have more friend it offers, but I don't have the ability to create all the content and so
 Last year we did is we sat down and we created
 Our very first summit funnel and he has it probably seen our summit funnels
 I'm the first one was at 30 days calm and now there's an evergreen version. There's if you go to 30 days calm
 You can see this in action, but this whole funnel came about based on one question one really really good question question was this
 I'm like I'm probably gonna mess it up a little bit because I don't have it here in front of me at the beach
 but um
 The question was basically hey if you were to lose everything your list your JV partners your
 Product your name everything and all you had left was your marketing know-how and a click funnels account
 What would you do if name number one today 30 to save yourself boom that was the question right?
 And it was a really really good question
 I think and so we went and instead of me going and writing you're creating a product and me teaching it
 I went out there and I asked how much people I got 30 people each to answer that question for me and they answered it through a written chapter
 Which we compiled into a big book we also had them we interviewed them with that was the question they answered it
 And that became the summit and much other cool things. Okay, so you guys can get that if you haven't you want to
 I'm sure some years like I want the answer that question Russell if you do then just go to 30 days calm
 You can go and opt in and you can hear everybody's answers what they have answered that question, but
 that funnel
 Became two con club fun like a week we can have something like that made a million bucks really really fast all based on like one
 Super intriguing amazing question and now fast forward a little while later a foot boot camp
 I created a foot boot camp when click phones first launched
 I was cutting out a date and everyone wanted new one and like Russell you had great content to your new one
 I'm like I don't have time
 I'm literally trying to change the world how much is like sit down and make a course on a field we can't again for like the 20th time
 You know and so then also with that what if we do the same thing we did with 30 days calm
 And we ask our top affiliates that same question and so we said well, what's the question?
 We're gonna ask what's you know, it's not the same question, but it's what's an interesting question the affiliate one known
 I said well what if the question was
 You know right now you're an affiliate and you're making some good money, but you want to ship this part-time hobby into a full-time career
 What would you do?
 over the next hundred days to go full-time and
 Again, I slaughtered the question if you go to feel the boot camp calm
 You can read the headline top and it says it correctly because it's the headline right so go there
 But basically if you had relied in your affiliate commissions to survive
 And you had a hundred days to figure out what would you do?
 Okay, if you if you wanted to change this hobby into a full-time career
 That was the question which led that which drove the the product which showed everything else right and it was really I think turned out
 You know food boot camp students kill right now. It'll be a two-colon-colon funnel very soon as well
 There's all based on one good question now for us basically each quarter. We're launching a new summit
 I love this so much and it helps me to get into new markets. So our next one or two is called brick-and-mortar funnels
 That's gonna be going after
 Using funnels for brick-and-mortars the question will be something like hey if you're a
 brick-and-mortar business owner and
 You you know yellow pages fit yellow pages TV radio flyers
 Google SEO all disappeared all he had left with the ClickFunnels account
 What would you do to get a hundred new clients into your door in the next hundred days?
 Right so it's always like something like that like here's a question hypothetically speaking if you lost everything
 What would you do?
 I'm watching Stephen Larson and I'm putting on his very first summit which is kind of cool his question
 I don't want to ruin his question, but it's it's like the opposite of mine
 It wasn't like what would you do and you have 30 days left his is like you're about to die and
 You got one shot to make an offer the offer of your lifetime one that will be your thing
 You remember you remember for cuz you're gonna die and this offer is gonna be your legacy that you know feeds your family
 Feed your kids for the rest of time. What is that offer gonna be?
 What would you do? How would you create it right?
 So he's taking that whole concept as well and boom's launching summit and everything else behind it
 Anyway, so I wanted to kind of get this thought in your head is as you're creating products or courses or or
 And I'm not positive this year. Stephen. I were kind of geeking out about this
 I said almost you could build your entire value out or based on one question right like if I was a little less 80
 And not creating a million things at once I could have just turned 30 days calm into my entire business
 Imagine that's okay. Some comes into 30 days calm and there's the free summit they come into
 And then I can upsell them to buy the recordings and the transcripts
 They make money there and then I could do okay after going through all of these 30-day plans for other people
 I wanted to test the whole thing out so I went and I picked a plan
 I followed it in a market. I'd never been in before and I tested the whole thing out
 And this is what happened right and I can create a whole home study course now for I don't know 500 bucks or thousand bucks
 Of me doing a plan where I like they can look over my shoulder and watch me the whole thing
 I'm a record thing document it showing how much money I made sure what I did when I tried try on air and you can see the whole thing and
 That could be a whole home study course
 Where they get to watch what I did and then how you can do Q&As these Friday
 areas maybe it's a eight-week course each week
 I'm gonna do part of one of these plans to execute this thing and it may be awesome a bomb
 I don't know but you guys come on and get every Tuesday
 I'm a sure really snoo module every Friday or the live Q&A you can jump on I could sell that for you
 And they were from 500 to a couple thousand bucks boom. There's a home study course and then I could do 30-day boot camps
 Just like hey
 You've you actually went through over 30 every went through everybody else's 30 plans you watch me do my 30 plans
 How does like us to help you with your 30 plan you fight a Boise or fly to wherever you live Timbuk to it?
 Was sit down in this small group workshop with 10 people and works down and we're fair your 30-day plan like what's the market?
 What's the thing we're gonna do it with you and it's eight grand for this done with you experience. It's gonna be amazing
 38 experience you come in here and you set up whole thing and over 30 days
 We're watching and coaching make sure you're you're doing a job, right?
 And then those one additional you have a three day the third day boot camp a three day 30 day boot camp
 We come through and we helped and get things set up for you and then on the back side of it
 We rely on when coaching we get free coaching calls for next 90 days and that's $15,000 $18,000 for that, right?
 And that could be it. I build a whole entire
 Multi-million dollar yourself of one question. I could easily do the same thing with the boot camp
 I had the time and inclination to go deeper with it, right?
 I don't because for me my my business is different my model is to get people to click funnel
 So I don't have to or need to go as deep
 But if this was my business I could and for most you guys this is your business. Take you can go really really deep on this
 Right, the food camp question alone could be a multi-million dollar your business, right?
 Boom number one they get the summit they come in number two they get to look over the shoulders
 I do the process with them they get us watch them do the thing live Q&A is watching the thing
 We're actually done with you
 I'm executing the same with them they live Q&A's right and then it's like done for you or even more
 So with you be fly to boys and we sit down we do this in a workshop event and then other you know and and you can
 easily grow that into big business and so I'm sharing this with you guys because
 You know a lot of times we look at our businesses and we're trying to figure like what's the course?
 What's the product? What's the like with all these different things I figure out?
 It's like no wait what if instead we came back and said what's the one question that I could ask
 It's a good enough question that people are gonna be so intrigued. They have to come in right like I know
 I think the reason why 30 days is done so good is because people are like man
 I want to hear what what does Trey well and think what does Garrett why I think and what does Steven Larson thing?
 What do Julie story and what all these people think in our community are successful what they do if they lost everything
 Just the pure intrigue of that. It's like I want to find out and you get in the front door, right?
 Okay, we you know if they'll get the way this funnel structure. We don't charge people
 They opt in they get all stuff for free. We help sell them the recordings and the transcripts and things like that
 into
 into them but
 Excuse me the recordings and transcripts of the interviews and we start making money, but we're given
 That that question causes the curiosity and intrigue they get somebody to come in right?
 It's good from an ad standpoint. It's a good hook. It's a good story
 It's a good like all those things are tied into that so strongly and so so powerfully so
 Anyway, I'll just think about that take a minute and step back and look at your entire value ladder
 Right if you don't want to value ladder is yet go read the dot-com secrets book and get free copy of dot-com secrets dot-com
 There's my pitch, but
 Like your value life step back is like you what's the question that could drive this entire value ladder?
 Okay, if I was in the weight loss space could be something like
 alright swimsuit season you got 30 days and
 You got 30 days you lose three pounds off your hips and fit in your size
 I don't know what girl sizes our size to or size 12 or whatever the sizes fit in this size
 and and
 And you couldn't you and you had to make sure that you weren't hungry
 What would you do if they wanted a 30 lose 22 pounds and still you have 20 pounds?
 Feel good and fit in your into swimsuit boom. There's your question
 Which comes a summit a book a product a webinar coaching program
 I like all those things be based on that one question that one concept that one thing right?
 Let's see in the financial space to say all you have left was you know
 $2,000 to your name to invest and you wanted to make sure that by the time you retired you were able to
 Do whatever like what would you do next 30 days? Where would you invest your money or I don't know something like that?
 if you're married your 30 years away from being divorced and and you know or or
 Someone just filed divorce papers. You got one last shot try to save your marriage
 What would you do if you wanted a 30 transform everything and again?
 Does that be 30 days?
 So you'd be 30 days could be 100 days to be next 12 months could be whatever right doesn't really matter the time
 Why it's just getting the question that's a hook that can fuel every single step of the value adder so
 Anyway, I wanted you to just kind of step back and think of that because I think it's super powerful
 It's funny because
 30 days we we asked the question and the content came you know everything came together really quick food camp
 We don't leave the question
 We just love like listen interview people on affiliate marketing and the whole project was harder to figure out
 It wasn't until the end of we said we need attaches to a question and we shifted around to ask you asked the right question
 And then everything came together really quickly and with you know, brick and mortar funnels coming out
 It's very simple. I think with traffic secrets and these other ones. It's all gonna be the same question
 Docum secrets if your business is struggling and you had 30 days to fix it
 What would you do boom docum secrets? How to you know underground playbook for growing your thing with quick phones?
 Okay, you had a funnel that wasn't converting and you knew that your friends family had to you know
 You're family wasn't gonna eat and the people who've been called to serve wouldn't be able to be saved unless you
 Unless you got this funnel to convert. What would you do boom extra secrets that are gonna play a book for?
 persuading people to buy your stuff, right?
 You just got hit up in the Google what a Facebook stop in your entire business ran away from you you got 30 days
 Not only get traffic here to your business again, but to start to grow. What would you do next 30 days?
 Do you to quickly grow your traffic boom traffic secrets underground playbook for filling your funnel to your dream customers, right?
 Boom, so it's like the question the product becomes the answer
 And makes fun makes my go back to all of my old
 Sales pages from our books and lead on with with the question like what's the question? It's funny. Um
 Yeah, probably two maybe three years ago. I did a podcast about
 The primary questions which means if you haven't been listening to backups with the podcast you are failing go back and binge listen now go to marketing
 secret comm slash binge download the binge guide, but there's one I did about
 Primary question, which is a concept learned from Tony Robbins
 He basically the every single person has a primary question that subconscious driving everything they do
 And so it's like you had to become aware of your primary question
 Sometimes your primary question is like leading you to destruction or destroying your family your marriage your life
 You know these things like figure out what your primary question is and then figure how to change your
 Deviate it, but I think it's kind of similar thinking here like what's the primary question for your business for your value ladder?
 What's the primary question that can drive everything for you?
 So I would recommend start thinking about that because I make the product creation standpoint and process
 So much more fun. It makes the hooks easier the stories better and the offers insane
 So if that helps appreciate you guys all I'm gonna get back to having fun my kids my wife out of the water
 So if you enjoyed this episode, please take a snapshot on your phone right now
 Post on Instagram Facebook wherever you like to post stuff and tag me and do hashtag marketing secrets
 I greatly appreciate it and if you haven't yet, please go to iTunes and rate and review
 That would mean the world to me and that's what I got alright. Thank you. Bye to everybody. Bye
 Alright, we're gonna go play see you later and talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Want more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you get a free copy at experts secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 (applause)
 [ Silence ]
