 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast so I got to ask you
 What did you think about episode number one of the world changers roundtable?
 Hopefully hopefully loved it. There's so many things covered in that 42 minutes. So
 Anyway, we are moving on to the next part of this interviews
 You know this is gonna be broken down into four parts because they kept me there hand cuffed to a table until 3 a.m.
 I was joking they didn't really but
 The question was so intriguing we have so much fun
 We kept going and going to find this like I have to fly out in like three hours
 I need to get back to my hotel
 But now we're gonna go dive into the second part
 Which I think is next this next episode is probably another 30 to 40 45 minutes or so as well
 And so these are some things recovering this one, which is really fun
 We talked about number one why am I business partner Todd Dickerson is so amazing
 And hopefully give you ideas about if you're pursuing opportunities and and trying to like you know land your dream job or partnership or whatever
 Number two we talked about personality profiling and how we we actually were hiring here at ClickFunnels talked about
 Where am I learning my love for learning came from we talked about transition for me going from an athlete to a business person in a marketer
 Talked about some of the lessons I learned from Lindsay Sterling things
 I was not expecting to to hear from her that totally changed everything for me
 Talked about people who intrigued me my interest in health and biohacking
 We talked about
 You know is anything that happens inside of this business that gets me as excited as what I fell in wrestling
 I talked about what what thing is close, but nothing actually has ever hit it
 I talked about the first two comic-level words we talked about how to upgrade your identity as you grow
 We talked about the fact you have to cycle and fail and rebuild in your businesses
 We talked about the launch of ClickFunnels and how it wasn't just the fact that I was a genius because I wasn't it was
 There's so many things talking about
 The grace of God and how it tied into the launch of ClickFunnels talked about some of my early products like zip-brand or form fortunes
 Talked about my Christmas Grinch sale, which is the very first big sale and big launch
 I ever did to my little tiny list that made enough money to cover
 Christmas for my wife and I when we were first getting started we talked about becoming worthy
 Talking about list building house better than mine ads and a whole bunch of other things like it's amazing
 This could be like 40 courses all wrapped into one
 Super podcast episode, so if you liked the last episode
 I think you're gonna love this one as well and again
 We got two more after this coming back going deeper into this conversation with the roundtable of world changers
 So that said we're in cute theme song we come back how we'll dive right into the second section here of the interview
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Dave and Todd, I mean just wow those dudes are like, but what about those guys? So here's Todd's story so Todd
 so
 The the really long story short. I bought some software. There was code in Ruby on rails didn't know that bought this company with the last
 More I didn't have the money so I borrowed money bought this company coded on some platform
 We didn't know and I was like screwed right and I tried to hire people to fix nobody could fix this platform
 And so finally I was like leaving the office one day
 I literally emailed the people saying turn off servers like we just we lost all of our money this company
 They shut it down and I'm walking out of the office and I had this impression
 of like there could be someone on your email list who knows Ruby on rails I
 Was like that's weird a bunch of internet marketing nerds. There's no one that's like a Ruby on Rose
 Anyway, but it started from question from God. I was like I stopped
 Trim back around some computer open back up sending you know my list if you know Ruby on rails
 I'm looking for partner about a bus offer company. It's not working. Please send me message send right and that's what all you said
 Yeah, and lo and behold like three years earlier Todd bought some random thing for me. Happens in my email list
 He's he's he built a website like three or four years earlier that was making him
 You know six figures a year on how to apply hadn't worked in four years
 It's just like hanging out relaxes his wife and his daughter and email comes in
 It says you know Ruby on rails looking for partners like I'm a Ruby on rails like I'd be Russell's partner
 He knows me back and then first I see him. I see him. I see him his beautiful wife
 I was like there's no ways a program. There's no way like that was literally my thought
 But he's only person responded back. So I was like so I'm like okay. Well, here's the log into the site like fix it
 Like I don't know to do like I'm not a coder and went to bed
 What the next morning is like cool. I fixed the site plus I found this this and this and I changed it
 I moved these things all the stuff I think is working now doing this one day together
 I'm like huh and so like I gave another project another project and for an entire year taught me work
 Yet and never wants to be ever asked me for my ever
 Not a penny and I remember you start find a voice you work in projects
 I'll be work for you for an entire year for free more than a year. Why was that I?
 Didn't I don't know
 Well, I found out later he had gone to a Robert Kiyosaki and Robert Kiyosaki at this event
 It said find something to do when you want to do a work for free. So you told me that years later
 I know that Todd if you're watching dude, I love you man
 You're looking at you and so he kept coming and he started coming to boys and we started coming friends and like just
 the smartest developer ever met and I just lived the smartest person ever met like I'll go that far I just genius and
 He come out to boys and we work on projects ideas
 I tried launched a couple things done them really work and we're just trying stuff
 They use just always there always serving always doing stuff and when doing Boise and I was looking over his shoulder because we look at stuff
 I saw his email and there's all emails from like some help wanted some some recruiting side or something
 I was like what size like all those people recruiting
 Recruiting me for Ruby job and I was like I'm like do you get a lot of those today's like oh I get or I do you do
 A lot of those like I get three or four a day. I'm like really I made the good offers
 He's like I know let's check and I opened up the first was like four hundred thousand dollars
 You're starting the salary I'm like what next was like three fifty next was like five like insane things. I'm like
 Why don't you do that?
 He's like I don't want to work for them like he's like I want to be a partner man
 I'm like what and then I also into realization. I'm like I haven't paid me a year. I was like
 So I told him I was like as I quit and we never much money the time
 We're still it was like on the back side of a business failure
 But we met and I was like um like I could pay like I
 Maybe 50 grand a year like kind of he guys like whatever I was like okay
 So I told like you know our little bookkeeper like cut P-talk 50 grand a year and they're like okay
 And so he did that next year we paid 50 grand a year
 And we're doing stuff and we have more things started a little success here and there and then making a little more money back
 And boys again, I was like
 Can I pay you some more is like whatever so I was like I think it wasn't
 Ever to ask he was just never never never his life is he ever asked me ever and so we bumped up to a hundred thousand dollars a year
 Success we got before that after like a year to do working together and then
 and then
 It was crazy the day that lead pages lead pages got the first round of funding for five million dollars the same day
 Todd was flying the Boise and
 He gets the email in the East Coast. He's like two hours ahead of you
 So he gets he's waking up going the plane sees the email forwards it to me and the jumps in planes flying for four hours
 I wake up. I see the email and I was like lead pages got five like I was like that's the like we built like landing page software in the
 Pass like I was like that's the stupid like we're I was like perplexed and angry and it's odd lands and Todd
 They keep things like little little guys like becomes the office all angry. It's like leap age of five and they're saying
 I can build lead pages tonight. Do you want to believe pages? I'm like, yeah, let's compete with lead pages
 Like all right, and then so we're gonna do it
 I love all the time
 He's just like pissed. He's like he's like we can I could build this tonight everything out
 We can have them tonight and so we're like getting already like what should we call and everything and then he's like wait
 What was we're building this you want to add anything else to it?
 And I was like oh
 Yeah, like what if they did this and once they did this and we spent a week in front of a whiteboard saying what if it did and
 We mapped out clip funnels. So you're talking about a week where you guys just locked in and our dreams having fun
 Just doodling and just like I could do that. I think we could do that
 He's like we're brainstorming all sorts of stuff and so we map. Did you know at that moment you were on to something big at that moment
 Right there. Oh, it was like where was it just still like I think I had tried a lot of people have tried something
 I tried before other people tried knowing and done it and I was like I so I was kind of skeptical thoughts like that
 I can do this is easy. I'm like
 Okay, cuz like I tried it was like no dude. I can do it. This is this is easy
 So I was so optimistic be hopeful because he's genius. I was also like nervous
 But I was to map it out and then we bought click phones calm there because I wanted to call click fusion
 Because I don't click fusion, but we had three failed businesses called click fusion
 All of them failed and Todd was like Todd's like no, it's it's bad karma like we can't like but the logo is so cool
 He's like yeah, and he's like no you can't the low
 He's like it's it's it's got like a jinx on or something
 We can't do that he's like everything a different name
 I was like but click fusion is the coolest name ever and so we were trying things click
 You know everything and then click funnels right oh that like that was the thing we're so excited
 You remember the words click funnels. I would assume almost like God saying let there be life
 I
 Would assume was me, but I'm not sure I'm not positive
 I'll test Todd on that one but when you said it was an instant like we are saying like it was available and like
 Oh, you know that's right
 He's so many times
 I always know without of this before exactly and so we got it and then I remember I was driving into the airport at the end of
 The week's taking back home and we got to the airport and we're it boys the airport is it's small airports
 And we pull up the thing to get out and you tell you's probably like nervous like waiting and he's just like pretty
 I car he's like I really want to do this man. I'm excited like me to me too. He's like I don't want to do it
 It's like your employee though like I want to do is your partner and in that moment
 I was just like all the fear of like I've ever had a part
 I had I tried part of the past and had to work do all this stuff and all the everything and all the and it was just a weird thing of just like
 All the emotions were hitting me as he's like standing the car about to get out of the car and I'm like maybe 15 20 seconds
 For he's gonna go and I was thinking about just like him. I was like he's last to now
 He's never asked him right. He's never anything. He's served. He's given everything and I was looking at him
 I was like all right. Let's do it. He's like cool and he get a car and then he's gone wait a minute
 so
 The at that moment it was at that quick. I was it it was a gut feeling that you just knew that he was
 It was him. Yeah, and I was like literally I was I was on stage a fun like that outside of marrying my wife
 It was the the great season ever made. Yeah, I remember saying that with tears. Yeah
 Why though I'm curious because not just quick falls he it's
 Just he's amazing like
 If you look at our personality profiles it's fascinating. We're actually we have the same personality profiles like this the Myers Briggs except for one
 The letters are different where I'm a feeler. He's a thinker and it's been magical as a partnership because
 We both have so much respect for each other that we don't try to like fight each other and it's very much like if I want to do something
 I'm like hey, this is what I want to do. This is what I'm feeling
 What do you think and he'll come back to think well? I think this and so I come up from feelings of the thinking
 It's really cool. It's like sometimes his thinking will chart my feeling and I'm like you're actually right
 Let's not do that or vice versa where he's like I'm thinking this and I feel that
 I don't know why but I feel this and he like okay and he'll he respects that and we just have such mutual respect that that
 We've never been a fight. We've never argued never had problems. It's just been it's been just amazing
 Wow, and he's similar to like I would damn like he went back home after that's why morning that sat in his basement for
 five or six months and built click on himself like just
 Literally just myself. I'm so hundreds of myself
 No other team no other dad just him and right before we launched we brought in another partner Dylan who built the front end editor and
 Bill on the UI and so then it was those two as we got closer closer to launch and the next year
 It's just those two that did everything and then after a year start bringing in the developers
 But it was 100% 100% Todd Wow, so he's he's amazing like he's
 In all aspects like you know your friends you think you know everything about everything
 That's like Todd something actually knows everything about everything like you asked me a thing and he's just like I
 Don't hide us and he's in I always like fact check him like oh my gosh. She's right again
 He's who have partners or are maybe going into partnership
 What's your best advice and and what do you feel like he does?
 Right that other partners don't do I think the hardest thing partners is typically we want to partner someone who's just like us
 We did a podcast. What's recently Dean Dean Tony and I write done two partnerships and both partnerships
 Made it through the launch and they stopped and they made the launch is stopped and the questions the podcast like why and it's not
 Like I love Dean. I love Tony. They're amazing the promise and me and Dean have the exact same skill set
 And so the problem is that like both of us are right and both understand it right both
 But we do it differently and so it's like you have two people and so typically you want to part as people who like you
 Oh, we think the same we should be partners
 But that's like not necessarily the right thing because then you got two alphas with the same skill set who then started and someone has to win
 And some has to lose and it's hard was me. It's hot with different skill sets
 There's never a winner and loser we can both win because different skill sets both same mission
 It's really easy
 So I think the biggest thing is you're trying to find the yin yang
 You're not trying to find someone who thinks like you or acts like you in fact
 This is true in most our hiring processes as well like we used to hire based on I said I can't be like send me video
 Send me video if you want this job right so these videos and I the people that I wanted to hire
 We're like people like me. I'm like this person's awesome like
 Yeah, like me they're genius like they're amazing to hire him and it's like within a week. I'm like I hate this person
 And so we started shifting the way we do our hiring based on personality profiling instead where it's like I know that for this position
 I like this profile drives most my hiring my own personal hiring so I know that I'm a high-D high-eye
 I know see it all right and so the people I need to hire around me or high-S high-C
 And so nowadays the problem is like the people who I watch their videos and I pump their high-D high-eye
 So my gaddies people are awesome their cares back. I'm gonna love them. They're awesome worse employees ever
 Right right and so I do not look at like so people send us this profile first
 I find the right profile and from there and then you interviews so if I need to do ahead of time
 I get sold by the people who sell and then the form of employees
 And so I make sure that high-S high-C and because I know that if I if I talk to high-S
 I see I'm gonna be kind of bummed out like oh, I don't know if this is a kind of person
 I'm gonna jive with but they're the best people that surround myself with because I'm such a high-high D
 Hi, I'm a creator. I'm throwing things up in the air and I need people who s and C who are faithful finishers
 We're gonna take the things capture them and make sure that it's amazing and so like that's
 Anyway, so do you feel like? businesses and entrepreneurs are making a mistake
 But I have in their employees and their team take these tests
 Oh, I've been a company. We're launching all about personality profiling. So I'm such a big believer in it
 Really? Tell me why top three reasons?
 It's in all things in life like like if you're gonna be a partner if you're gonna date someone if you're like
 Understanding who they are such a big part of it, right?
 because like
 We think everyone sees the world the same way we see it and it's not true at all the way you see it
 We we all see is so different and so if we don't understand that at a deep level then I get upset by what you do
 And what you everyone's doing because it's like don't you see what I see in the reality is no
 They don't and so if you don't understand people better in fact the software can just call understand on me
 And it's a it's a place you go and take all the personality profiling it gives you a
 Page that can show somebody like this is me
 So in five seconds I'm looking to understand you perfectly now
 I'm like oh not I work with you because I understand what you are what your beliefs are what your your values like all the
 Things I need to know about you I can find it really really quickly
 Where normally you're gonna go with years with somebody before you understand them right look at it
 I think get pretty day and close in a minute
 Wow now I know how to interact with you and spend time with you and work with your things like that question
 Where does like your love to learn come from because one of these I know some being around you
 It's always like yes, so I had this this moment where I geeked out on this
 I think you know like it was it was health and supplements and then marketing personality types like there's all these different things
 You geek out on have you always been that way is it like?
 You geek out of marketing you saw the rewards from it and you're like wow like what it goes in other areas of like
 Where's that come from yeah?
 I didn't always have my whole life in fact
 I had a fascinating conversation to tell me about this because when I was growing up in high school
 I always thought I was a dumb kid. I thought I was an athlete so I focused there so I thought I was an athlete
 So like I was a wrestler that was my identity
 That's where I focused that but I was dumb and so because that straight season high school in college my my cumulative GPA
 Graduation college is 2.3 like straight season one be maybe somewhere in there right because I was a dumb kid
 And then when I got done and I did I ended wrestling career
 So I stopped being an athlete and I was like oh crap and then I started learning business stuff
 I'm like I don't like to read like I'm a dumb kid like what do I do and like I it was fascinating Tom told me because I
 Had this pit that I'm not actually done and he's like actually the reality is you probably really were done
 But then you change right and so for me was like I shit in this fastly
 Do you ever feel like alive when we had
 Lindsay Sterling perform so one of my favorite parts that she did a whole performance of if you guys know Lindsey does violin dancing
 And stuff and after I had a Q&A with her afterwards and I had this question
 I was like so pumped it to ask me sounds like waiting for her just like
 It's the question was she's on she's on America
 That's got talent and I think she took seventh place and and when she had kicked off Pierce Bronzem. Whoever said like you've had no
 Talent you're no good whatever right and so I was like you're not time when he said that and I was I wanted
 I thought she was gonna say like yeah, I proved him wrong like yeah, and I was like what did you feel after that?
 She's like yeah, I got home and I
 Realize she was right. I wasn't very good
 And so I went back and I started practicing and started working harder and eventually I became good enough and
 it was like oh my gosh like I got chills
 And I remember like when Tom said to me was just like he's like you probably worded on and I was like I
 Was because I wasn't really I wasn't doing things and so with marketing
 That was the first thing for some reason that caught my attention. They got me excited, right?
 and then
 If you look at my disc profile like
 R.O.I. is my highest value so like I have seen R.O.I. and something I don't want to do it
 And so like when I saw an R.O.I. on this reading I was like oh my gosh
 I read a book I got one little sentence change of color made more money
 Oh my gosh like there's our assess where it started 100% and I started learning that and I started getting obsessed with those things and then
 As this business grew for me I started
 Being a more I always joke like crazy people got attracted to me right like the best health people the best fitness people the best
 In every market kind of came into our world somehow
 So I started getting to meet all these people and when you're around someone who's like the best in the world at the thing
 And they start talking about the thing you can't help him like oh my gosh
 It's amazing right and they use zoning on that and then so whenever I meet something amazing
 And I have a chance to talk to me like this like I just geek out and like when I met your dad at first time with you guys and
 That's what I bought your parenting course everything else. I was just like I saw you and I saw him and I was just like
 I want that so like I started going down that rabbit hole right I meant Anthony Cuminion's like I love this guy like I
 Respectful my love him and like every time he talks about anything
 I'm just like just because he fascinates me like when he talks about something it fasty
 I got I have to look down those those things right and so when people fascinating the things that fascinated them
 Start fasting to me and that's like kind of go down those rabbit holes like what this person's so intriguing and fascinating like
 What makes them that way? What are they doing and it's interesting is that I'm not a good question asker like you guys are still good question askers
 I've never been good asking questions, but I'm really good at like watching people do and then like
 Seeing over and like trying to go down the rabbit holes like, you know
 Like what are they what are they doing? Why are they doing that and that kind of thing because the true master isn't you
 What are some things you want to get out on because I'm sure like you see something
 I want to get on that but I'm gonna get on that what are some things like if I had like a week or two
 Just free time with nothing. Oh, what's like the next thing to drink each other. Oh, I would say every
 probably three years I
 Get re-examate SEO for some like and I started going out happy in cuz like I love it
 And if there's times in my business, but I was a focus, but it's not now at all but like I
 went through a couple like Brian beans really quest to get a couple guys like I can start dabbing my tone again and I'm like I
 Just want to get back into it so bad and like right now
 SEO is actually our number 11 lean source as of today and click phones
 Which is amazing so we had an SEO the first four or five years now we're focused on it again
 And like it's doing really well for us and I want to like go deep there cuz like I
 Like that, but it's it's I haven't had chance to that
 Any of the health stuff
 Really really fast-nastening why I'm curious why are you drawn to that so much the health sound
 because I've seen with myself like I
 So okay, so my history is like I got done wrestling
 At the pack 10 tournament was my last my last actual rest imagine
 My wife was giving herself fertility shots and the stomach during pack 10 so the next month she was pregnant
 And so I got done wrestling got done competing got done running got done lifting like all my athletic career ended and then
 I got pregnant and she's eating for three kids and I might pump because I don't have to work out right now
 She's hungry. I'm hungry
 We were eating and like we kept eating and eating and so over the next
 Seven eight months my wife gained like 60 pounds. I gave like 60 pounds. We were doing together
 She's he carried it was amazing and then one day she has two babies and she loses like 45 pounds and I'm like
 Where'd you go like and um and then um
 It's for me. Thank you, and then um
 Thank you
 But then that time the business was starting and I was stressed out trying to figure it out
 And so like I didn't get helping in so I was just was in that state of being 60 65 pounds heavier for years and
 But I didn't know any difference
 I didn't know that I felt differently because I never been in spot where I spent eight hours
 They've had a computer so I didn't know what good felt like or bad felt like like I knew if I tried to wrestle
 I'd puke so I was like I don't feel like I'm an athlete but like I just felt like um
 I felt normal right I thought and that for about eight years and then eight years in as well as like I
 I just felt oh, I just I've ever looked at something mirror and just be like, oh like what happened to you
 You know I needed like being I'm sure most hopefully you ever had a chance, but I was just like huh
 And so I was like I need to
 It was hard because then my head like I knew how to work out I knew how to train I knew these things
 but I was like finally I was like I need to get a trainer so I got a trainer for the first time and
 I had never really done that before started going and got me from like a I don't even know 20
 7.8% body fat down to 12% in a matter of like seven eight months and
 I looked better. I felt better
 But was crazy as I could work twice as hard twice. I wasn't tired
 I was just like I can keep going my brains like on fire like this is amazing
 Wow, and I sure love and I know I had no idea so I lost all the weight and also
 I was just like I can do so much more and
 I think when I first met Anthony committee for some I was like this is my problem right now is like I
 Have I'm at work all they you know slaying dragons doing all these things
 I have this energy I get home at night and my two little twin boys are there my little daughter and I
 And I'm spent I have no energy and it's like how do I?
 How do I still be a present dad and how do I have these things and so like that's when the next tier
 It was like the biohacking stuff. How do you do these things like how do you increase energy?
 There's like so many ways to do that from light therapy to supplements to
 Sleeping to sound to breath work all these like crazy things that
 That seems stupid like the first time and he's like we're gonna breathe like that's your
 That's your biohack. We're gonna breathe together. He's like yeah, it's gonna be amazing like
 Like super annoying. I'm like like what's the ROI on this?
 I'm gonna work right so he sat me down in our gym you've been a wrestling like sat me down
 He's like you have to sit because if you're standing you're gonna you know you're heading your diet
 I'm like who's talking about just this is down to these like breathing exercises where he's like yelling ass and straight all this stuff is happening and
 They was ever done like deep breath work. It gets nuts
 And so we're doing this thing where it's just like do this heavy heavy breath work until
 He's like what's gonna happen is like the world's gonna
 Anyone play in digits here been tapped out before so you get choked out what happened the carotid artery gets choked
 And the world starts shrinking like this and if you take pressure off it then it comes back to the light
 But if you don't it goes dark and dark to the disappears you're gone, right?
 So if you're gonna choke down, that's what happens. It's really fun experience
 But you have a minute and you see it shrinking around and then it's gone, right?
 And so he told me that's what's happened
 It's like you're gonna breathe so much that the world around you start shrinking
 And if you don't stop you're gonna pass out so you go all the way or start shrinking and stops
 And then when you get that point you let me know and then you hold your breath for as long as you can
 He's like how long can hold your breath for like maybe a minute. He's like you'll do it for at least five
 I was like there's no way. This is me now. We do this breath thing
 We're going like crazy and sure enough the wall start doing weird stuff. I'm like I feel like I'm on drugs
 I'm sweating like crazy. We keep doing it. He's yelling at me. Awesome. The world starts closing around me
 I'm like what is happening now?
 I do something so like he stops it like hold your breath and he starts the clock
 I'm sitting here like you know holding my breath forever and looking around like we had three or four of us guys
 I'll do it at the same time and it's just like I'm freaking out and like
 And then it starts like getting quieter and just slowing down. We're sitting there and they're like it let's on the pressure
 I don't breathe in to let pressure out pressure out pressure out. Keep doing that
 And it gets done and like the stop box over five minutes. I was just like I just held my breath
 No insane and then like the rest of the day we're on fire. It was just like
 Alright, we bought a crowd son on our house and we go freezing the crowds on it and the rest of the day
 You just feel it's like that's like I love now because like these little weird things like you just like light therapy
 Breathing like weird things that just seems stupid you do it and it's it's like you just you can go longer
 You can think better you can do stuff like all those things just
 Give me so excited it's Anthony's fun because he randomly will this shit me weird stuff in the mail like
 Just the weirdest things it gets me so mad. Yeah, it shows up. There's a big old box. She puts us from a fight
 I'm hoping it's from Anthony. It's amazing like just weird weird things like
 tons of stuff, but like so I love that kind of stuff because
 The ROI on it's crazy and there are all these weird things like I just headbanded some of them
 You put his headband on you put an app where you start working and you just make sure you not tired makes you focus and make it
 And it's like these weird things like how does this work?
 I don't know and they're like oh it works because it the
 Waves over here the sink your brain and shapes your brain waves your creative state and all these things and I'm like
 I don't know how it works, but like I just wrote two chapters and I'm not and I'm you know like just weird
 So I don't know anyway, I would like do your breath work every day
 No because it's so intense like if I had a coach you could walk me through it now
 It's I'm recording of Anthony doing it and like almost dread it because I know how hard I can get that
 You're sweating I get to him if I time you're like you're sweating you're like what just happened like I just breathe for like five minutes
 Weird anyway, but that's what because like I do lots of I would love to understand it at a deeper level
 But I don't understand a lot of things now some of my gone deep on but a lot of my I do it without knowing why and I hate it
 It's my wife a day. So what's the student? I'm like, I don't know
 I have this quote one of my buddies Preston Eli he wrote this blog post about he called it the warrior warrior
 Nair workout and in there he's like he explains part of his morning workout
 He's like why do I do it? He's like his Tony Robbins does and I obey all Giants who fly helicopters have stage presence
 It's like that little close to me. How time people ask like why you that I'm like because I obey all Giants who fly helicopters have stage presence
 That's it. I don't know the reason why I was so there for I will do it
 You know so I would like to understand about a deeper level side of a better response than I
 obey all Giants with helicopters and stage presence, but that's a pretty good reason as a pretty good reason so
 Does anybody else want to throw in a question for Russell anybody else here live with us?
 Let me ask one more
 Before I went to but I want to ask is cuz we were just having sushi. I was asking I was like
 What are some of the favorite periods of your life right?
 One of them you said is wrestling which I find funny cuz like by far one of my favorite periods is baseball
 Which people wouldn't expect is obviously you know
 I've been on stage and all this other stuff and that should take the cake
 But those moments are just on the field just like in the zone. There's nothing better
 Where with what you get to do now whether it's you know being live on like a webinar or being on stage or
 Whatever it is. Where do you get the same feeling of wrestling? You know, I mean like the feeling in your chest
 Today while we're in the lie to grocery I talked to dad about this I said that
 The best feeling that ever had in my life work from wrestling the feeling of winning a hard match
 I wasn't supposed to win you knew hand-raise
 Never felt something like that that felt as good as that ever and and I've been I've been searching in business to find that
 I have never found it like sports is like business and then you start to admit oh for sure
 Yeah, yeah, there's a lot of for sure
 But I was gonna say is like the the closest I've ever gotten to feeling that is like when when you serve at an event
 And you see a table rush you see like not only people like they get the aha
 But nothing enough enough in a hallway and get something to get up and to move like that's the closest
 I've ever felt to that it's not as good, but it's the closest ever felt that which is why I like
 Why I love being fun. I love doing the big things like that cuz it's like I get a glimpse that
 Like scale one it's in wrestling is a 10
 Yeah, right wrestling is the kind of says probably eight
 so it's a
 That's this practice interesting because I first showed business
 I was like racing that trying to find it trying to find it trying to find it and took me years before I was like
 For sure, yeah, we launched in the making million dollars. I was like, huh, that sucks
 Yeah, the money goes always my thought was gonna be the thing and those those always were like
 huh, I
 Like I needed so in fact, there's literally one main reason why I did the two comic book work
 So I was like I like for me
 I need like maybe it's just from a decade in my life
 So I'm gonna grab my hand and raising it I was like entrepreneurs need that like no one raises our hands
 So I'm a two comic the board is me is me lifting their hands when like you did it like like I needed that like they need that
 So that's one big reason why they're there. That's like that's the equivalent of that
 So anyway, so how many millionaires would be created?
 We passed this year passed a thousand people were two comic book awards were over a hundred and was a hundred twenty the past
 Two comments after like to say that to say it does it you know like sometimes it's like
 so many people that have like
 Passion or gold or huge dreams and visions rarely do they really?
 Celebrate what's happening in on the journey. Do you find yourself ever getting?
 Where your vision is so big and your passion is so deep that like even saying things like there's a thousand millionaires that like
 Dude, that's huge man a thousand people that are millionaires because of you. It's crazy
 I think the first time I really got that the probably most impactful time was
 The very first photo icon I that we gave away to comic boards was a third third for the lucky live and they was a couple of months before that
 We had that if to call the club and like the award talked about that and I was like
 I'm gonna fade like I literally didn't know my I wonder if anyone and quick folks actually made a million dollars
 I don't even know and so they went back in the database guys once everything and I remember he came back
 He was like there's 79 people are now made a million dollars. I was like
 Are you serious like was it a boost of confidence like what did it do for you?
 It was one of the things like looking back on my knee doing his events for two people showed up and nobody showed up and
 Hardly anybody whereas like I was so excited about this and just like how can nobody cares for like now?
 It was like this is actually I've talked about so long enough now people like are believing it and now they're doing it and like
 You start seeing it and there's like the fruits of it
 And just like because in my mind I was like million bucks
 Clean them like click phones new like I I think million dollars is hardly most people never like most my friends
 I knew were like made somewhere hitting a million dollars
 It wasn't it was these people who've been doing this business for a long time like million bucks is a big deal
 Like that was like most was goal still and as they fact with 79 people who had done it
 Like that was just weird me. So I know the biggest one was like that very first realization just like oh my gosh
 Like this actually it's not just the theory they think it works like it's working and it's working at a scale that was
 It was unfathomable to me at the time 79 people and then to go to you know 200 and 500 and 1000s crazy
 Anyway, Rachel, what was your question buddy? Yeah, so you're talking about how each level of success you hit some of your mentors hit that ceiling
 Right because the posturing right and so ultimately I feel like when you get to a new level of success or requires you to like upgrade your identity
 Right your self image and so what have you found is the number one?
 Like routine or what's your process for upgrading the identity upgrading your self image?
 because I think that's so important because it can either hold you back and help have yourself sabotage and not take action and go after what you want or
 You know, it's gonna be the thing that that keeps you at that level and continues to propel you forward
 What's kept you good? It's we threw everything like and the one that's the most obvious
 external especially in our world is you see business like marketers like
 Like most people when they first start selling whatever's they're selling like they're bragging on themselves, right?
 Like here's my apps. You know, there's money I made here's like it's all about them
 Like that's like the first tier of it and then the second tier like when they start having the realization
 I feel like is when they start talking about themselves. I start talking about the people they've helped
 Mm-hmm. You see externally. It's like now. It's not like when I talk about like you don't hear me talking about
 What I make that I'm all like oh check out what I got
 But I talked about all the other people right?
 It's like that's next year's that and then and then for me like the third tier now, which has been really cool is like
 Talking about like we talk about lady boss, right?
 Like Kate like it wasn't me there was Kaitlyn, but now like the success stories of Kaitlyn is Kaitlyn's customers, right?
 And so it's like that next tier like of what you're talking about
 Mm-hmm is like the external version of that
 So there's like internal things that you got to deal with but it's like you you'll notice it shifting in people when you look at just
 Their messaging what they're saying from the way they podcast they video they they market there hasn't everything
 It's like the shift of like it's not about me. It's not them and it's saying about them. It's about it. That's the external version of it internally. I think it's
 I think it's it's really
 It's what we talked about like I came around a while ago. We brought up. I think yesterday, but like
 I had a this really successful guy I met one time who
 When the first time he was like tell me your story so I was telling my you know the Russell posturing story of how great
 I was he's like always like because they don't tell me tell me about like the time you failed. I was like
 He's like no like so I was like well. I'm in the middle one right now
 Let me tell you you know so I told this whole like the whole thing and I remember afterwards
 I was like so embarrassed and just like I think I'm an idiot like just you know that that fear is like good
 You cycle to make what he's like he's like I will not work with entrepreneurs have a cycle of least once
 He's like because if they haven't they still believe it on their own bio, right?
 And I think that's the biggest thing is just like
 Is the internal version of that is like is the first time around or whatever before you cycled you think it's all you like
 I know for me it was like I remember doing this first time like I'm a genius like I'm the smartest guy in the world
 Oh, and then when it collapsed I was like oh, there's a lot of things outside of my control. This is not me
 There's a team. There's God. There's all these other things that are making this possible and there's a scripture
 I can't remember where it's at the Bible Book of Mormon. It says like you can either
 Be humble or God will hum I'm misquoting it by far, but it's like God a lot of humble people here
 You can be humble or you'll humble you so it's like looking down my okay
 Round two I'm gonna be a humble person. I don't want to be humble again, right?
 So it's like this is not me and I understand that I look around now. It's like
 like
 100% like there's no way I would be where I'm at right now if Dan Usher didn't make videos where he does
 There's no way of hearing that out if Todd Dickerson could not code software away
 That's like there's no way like all these things are so many people and then there's so many success stories
 They inside of it and there's an important
 There's so many people and then there's like the grace of God like there's like
 I just look at like the timeline of when click funnels came to the market right like I've not got funnels for decade nobody cared right and then
 All these things are happening and then we started have the idea for clickfunnels
 We start building or creating it and then literally we go to traffic and conversion
 Todd's halfway done building click funnels and Ryan Dye stands on stage in the biggest event at the time and he spends the entire four days
 Talking about funnels about funnels grace and like no one ever like what's a funnel?
 We're not taking notes and me and Todd like
 They can see no we're building and you're talking about funnels and like you talk about funnels like crazy and then they
 And then the next day everyone gets home from from traffic conversion everybody that day like next day
 8000 funnel
 Console and pop up every is a funnel store everyone on Facebook talking about the funnel consultants and teaching fun all stuff and we're like
 Oh my gosh, and I'm like God to give this software done
 I'm like my funnels right now
 So he's called like crazy and like all since coming around all said everyone's like
 All these millions of funnel consultants everyone's doing it and all of a sudden right. Hey, we created a thing called click funnels
 here it is and
 All of a sudden all the consultants and all the people everyone came in like we were the only platform
 Wow, I look at that like as smart as I think I am like there is so much grace and timing
 And like if I'd launch you earlier your later it would not have hit the way it did
 Like 100% was the timing of all these things that have to happen and if it wasn't for that like we wouldn't make so
 It's like I can act like I'm smart. I'm a genius, but
 Man, there's so much there's so much
 Divinity that came into all the things right there's no way it could happen without that and so
 Anyways, just understand those things like we're not as like what did you learn when you were cycling like when you were
 Russell you are not that good looking or cool or anything
 Basically not about you
 Yeah, I feel that so like what was the hardest what we were the like
 How many times recycled yeah, two big ones for sure really you might churn like yeah the first time was
 That's my friend figure this thing out
 And I remember one of my buddies was like you're making money online. I'm like yeah
 He's that's cool. I'm like do you want a job? He's like what I'm like
 You're the first person I know who's like interested like I'll pay you to come hang out
 He's like all right so I hired my friend and he's I got some friends too
 I go get so start hiring all these people because like I want someone to talk to you and
 Anyway, it was really bad. It's gonna have a whole bunch of employees nobody know how to do anything
 I don't have training anybody so I was hiding in the room trying to make money to pay payroll or they're staying outside
 Like do you want to do anything?
 I'm like like don't talk to me gonna make money to pay your payroll that like we can help Mike
 I don't have time to explain anything to you is
 horrible, so
 Built it up the point where it's just like it was just like I was launching new thing every as fast as we could just to pay payroll
 Because as an entrepreneur you kill something you get eat right?
 It's like the greatest thing in the world employees
 They want you to pay every two weeks whether they killed anything or not. I had not realized that until they're like
 Like we need money. I'm like, but we haven't made any money like you have to pay me
 I'm so confused. Yeah
 like
 Okay, so it was anyway, so it had grown and then
 And we didn't have a model sustainable, so it does the first cut
 Yeah, what was about myself? It was like and I did today
 We tried launched it makes the money like sweet and then it was like I make like 2030 grand and it was my wife and I
 Was like of course that last nine months, you know, you sell because like obviously, you know, I know like the potato gun backstory
 You said like I talked about funnels for like a decade before that was there out
 Like what were you selling during that decade leading up the car?
 I know it's like an unload amount of stuff
 There's anything like not even close to funnels like something yeah, well like the very first thing pre potato goes my first big idea was this
 so back back then
 what everyone was doing is
 Like you're in a ionic silver ionic with like write a book and then he would like sell resale rights to the books and someone else would buy it
 And they'd all and they'd make it sell it and so remember like I got online like I saw these books
 I bought a book from the on I'm like oh I can sell this and I bought a book for somebody else
 I was like buying all these ebooks I could sell right
 But then inside the books people that they have links back to all their sites
 So I like I'd sell the book
 I was like I made 10 bucks on the book and then inside the book
 You're selling a thousand our course and seminar always things and then people you make they make all this money
 I'm like I got ten bucks. He made like a thousand off of me selling his book
 I'm gonna be mad and I was like I wish there was a way I could brand this
 E-book so before somebody opens it and sees his dad
 That's how my ad and that was like the first idea ever had ever and so my first product called zip-branders
 This little thing that would take an ebook and brand it and you
 Open it up and pop an ad and you see the ad and you click a button and take you inside the book
 And it was like my first thing and so I sold we launched that and I sold 20 or 30 copies of it
 But that was like the first one ever made it was amazing and then I had a little customer list
 I was like this is amazing and then the way I was selling it those I was going to forums
 This is pre Facebook. So all you little kids before Facebook
 Before my space before friends to we see those things called forums and they're just you think more people will talk all that
 And so we go these forums and one of the rules in the forums is you could you could comment all you want to be
 You have a signature file so then you could have like Russell Brunson check out my new software zip-brander
 So I'd go these forums and I would just like spend eight hours a day answering questions and asking questions and everything
 But people see my ad over like every single thing my little my foot was on everything
 And so that's how I saw in zip-brand initially and so I was in like 50 forms posting like crazy
 But I couldn't keep up with it and so I was like man if I create software that would manage this whole thing amazing
 So my second product is called form fortunes
 It was this little software that would like manage your posting on every single form
 So you're posting you can see if someone responded back on form 49
 It would pop up and you go find you could go back and comment and keep the discussion since that was I made it for myself
 And then we started selling that and then we sold ton like sold more of those because I know had a little customer base here
 And went bigger right and then after that it was the next it was always just like what is the thing and what's the next thing and and so
 That's kind of how how it started back and ages like little tools and all things like that
 How do you know when you get you know you're shooting all these bullets, right? How do you know when you shoot a cannonball?
 The thing is I think I was initially like I'd have married I was making zero dollars a year as a wrestler and so for me to make
 You know 600 bucks in a month. That was a cannonball like that was that was insane
 I was just like I thought was the coolest kid in the world like 600 bucks was insane
 And then I did four five little things and I remember it was Christmas time
 And I remember my wife wanted to buy a couch and it was like a $2,000 couch
 I was just like I can't afford I don't have a job
 I remember me sick to my stomach and I had this idea
 I was like what if I do a cell and I still hold a bunch of crap that we had so I had a bunch of ebooks
 I bought rice to a couple things I had created and so we made this grins cell
 And I remember I wrote this copy it was like it was like
 it was the Grinch before Christmas or something and and it had like a picture of the Grinch and it was hard growing
 Three sides and I'm I wrote this copy and then it was like you know my wife
 I'm married a year and like she really wants a couch I can't afford a couch so so if you guys buy this if I saw like
 32 of these things I can buy our couch and put it under the Christmas tree to be amazing
 You said that in the coffee? Yeah, I was the reason why I still have the page I can show it to you
 I still have the page I know exactly I know exactly where it's at I can show it to you
 And so I have the whole page and then I don't only an email list of like a couple hundred people at time
 But I said an affiliate program so the top is like it had an affiliate link
 And so I said he moved my to my list and went to bed that night and someone on my list has gotten in Carl
 Gleddy who is
 I've heard about Carl in a long time. He was a big famous copy at a time
 So Carl went and saw the thing bought it and saw the filling so he joined the affiliate program
 He's like this is awesome. He took an email
 Instead of his entire list of this huge thing so I go to bed I wake up next morning
 We're ten thousand dollars in sales. I was before you went to bed. Oh like 30 40 bucks or something
 And I was like
 What just happened? Oh my
 Like I brought like I robbed someone like I don't happen freaking out and I'm like oh my gosh
 Look at my email. There's always people like hey about two of them
 Hopefully you get your wife that couch all I sent to my friend holding by all these people and then other people because Carl promoted it
 All these other people who fall Carl saw it and then and Carl's like it's converting that crazy tons of people buying it
 So then more people are buying it and I'm like freaking out
 I'm going to I go into wrestling practice like trying to support him like I'm like for practice and writing wrestling practice
 I give back out of my oh my gosh
 I mean like six hundred dollars in sales and freaking out anyway the whole thing goes through and over that little the little
 I think it's a seven-day sale or something like that
 It's like 35,000 dollars, which is more money than I've seen in all my lifetime combined times like a hundred right
 And I was just like and I paid feelings. I paid like probably 10 grand at Philly
 It's like so we made I don't know 20 20 whatever it's 25 thousand dollars and like we got to keep and I was just like
 Oh my gosh, so I told collect and let's like so for my wife. I love her
 She doesn't understand the business part of it at all, but I was like we made 25,000 dollars
 She's like is it illegal first thing are you gonna go to jail is illegal and like no?
 I don't I don't think so
 I'm pretty sure like yeah, I'm pretty sure so like scared
 But first thing is I went and bought the couch for for Christmas
 We got it back I pictured her to send out to the list like thank you so much
 You got the Christmas gift the couch and like they all celebrated together like all the people and I was like
 Oh my gosh, this is the greatest game of all time like this is so much fun and then it was like what's the next idea?
 What's the next thing and like it was all like it was like that
 It's like these little things they kept like but then after that one was done
 Like I had all I now I had way more customer all the people bought product and who I was now
 And then so next thing was easier and just kind of like incrementally started kept growing and getting bigger and
 Somewhere along line, you know, that's my last potato gun thing and then
 Some of the upsells right up sells the things and just and we never call them phones back
 We call them sales flows or sales processes like really like talking to you so
 Dylan Jones with our harder click funnels. I have the you so before Todd
 We tried to build something like click phones we call it click calm calm which is horrible name
 But Dylan's I know you I still have all the UA UI images and in there
 We had a whole section for sales flows and all these things and it's just like this was the first click funnels because don't
 Was under the UI eventually on click funnels anyway, but it's like we literally designed something like this
 You know five or six years earlier. It's just crazy
 But it's a lot of it's just like
 Do you think that like
 All those little failures and all like trying and just that kind of energy is what brought you here today like for sure
 It's the key it's what everyone I keep I was gonna grab everybody and like cuz there was like okay
 I'm waiting for my click funnels or I'm waiting for my thing like that and they're waiting and they're waiting and they're waiting
 I was like the reason why I got this thing was because I didn't wait like if someone were to give me click funnels initially
 It would have been bankrupt in 15 minutes, right?
 Like you have become worthy of the thing eventually and you don't become worthy by waiting you become worthy by trying and trying and trying and trying and trying and trying and
 Eventually if you keep doing that over time then God's like alright. He's gonna do he's done
 He's built 150 funnels like now. Give me a day. Wow
 I hope you guys really take like there's more that's caught than taught
 There's like that's some gold in what he just shared right there what you were just sharing but go ahead
 What was the question? I was just saying how much more do you feel that all your other friends who play in the city?
 My friends were like like why are you launching more stuff?
 Why do you do things?
 I'm like they do like one product launch a year and they're like so annoying like dude like you like stop doing something like
 Why would I stop doing this? This is like
 So much fun. Yeah, like it was just confusing to me. I'm like why don't you guys do more like everyone?
 They make money just be done. Why did you keep doing more was it like?
 Was it like generally like a one funnel way like this next funnel is the one like we just like you sold yourself on it
 This is it so you keep why I just really enjoy each one I thought was like
 I was every time I was so surprised like this is amazing like that was the one the next was big like oh my gosh
 I was even better like who knew and then I can just get just kept going from there
 You know what I mean?
 So I don't think I was like wait like I wasn't waiting for quick I click funnels right there that like I was just
 Enjoying the journey every time it was so exciting and then just eventually it's like oh crap who knew that that was
 Any ads or anything like scale will traffic first first ten years was 100% emails partnerships
 There wasn't ads back then. I mean there was Google ads, but
 The first initial Google slap happened about the time I was getting started
 So prior to that a lot of guys that he built their email list off of Google ads and then the slap happened
 So Bob had had lists so I started getting all those guys going to events meeting him and it's less
 I was starting initially was tons that and then there was this big gap for years where there's like
 Like paid ads weren't a thing you couldn't it was it was some people the banner ads, but it wasn't consistent
 It wasn't like it was nowadays. It was just it was harder. There's no retarding. I also wasn't there
 So it was mostly we focused on like like how do you you never email us you weren't playing the game?
 So it's like who's got lists. How do you build lists? What can you do?
 You still think that's true 100% that's why the traffic secrets book was so important for me to write I feel like because
 Most of the people in the game today have been blessed with Zuckerberg's simple Facebook ads and make the game easy
 Well, I never folks on building lists and it's like you guys like just so you know
 Zuckerberg's gonna screw us all it's gonna happen
 And it's like if you don't have a list you're all screwed
 Like I've been through this for 18 years and I've been through five or six cycles
 And I've seen people who made millions of dollars who now work
 Not online, you know
 And it's just like and the people who have waited the storm the whole time are all the list builders
 They're the ones who survived and everyone else who's good at ads they they come and they go and they come in they go
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that
 Through this texting communities where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
