 Good morning everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 I am standing in the middle of the Mossy Marr looking at a bunch of zebras and I want to
 bring you a very special episode of the marketing secrets podcast.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money
 from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everyone, hope you guys are awesome.
 We are on the last day of our kindetrip.
 We've seen, we've been, if you've been listening long, we spent the first three days with children
 building schools which was insanely cool and then we came back and now we're on a safari.
 We saw elephants and lions and about a billion zebras and we saw leopards, we saw a leopard
 that pulled an animal up in the trees eating it up in the tree which is kind of crazy.
 So I have millions of hippos, like it's crazy.
 In fact, I'm sitting in my deck right now in this little tent we have.
 Last night while we came to bed there were two huge hippos walking next to our tent eating
 grass.
 Anyway, it's kind of crazy and amazing.
 So it's been a lot of fun.
 It's been a really cool mastermind group with all the people that came.
 It's been really special.
 But as you know with most entrepreneurs, when you are off a computer for 12 days, your brain
 is going crazy with ideas and I just wanted to share with you something that I wanted
 to actually do a podcast on this before I came to Kenya but just ran out of time.
 But it's been on my mind this whole time because before I left I got an email from a
 really cool guy who I respect a lot and he was, you know, you always know people have
 an angle because they're selling something but he was talking about how like, you know,
 VSL's because now Chrome took way to autoplay how like VSL's are dead and it's the end of
 you know, this era of how we used to do things and you come to my event and I'm going to
 show you guys how to change things.
 And it sort of made me start thinking I'm like, hey, the VSL like, you know, don't auto
 play anymore.
 So I'm like, what changes?
 Like, and I want you guys to think strategically through this, right?
 Because this is how we win this game is by thinking strategically not like running around
 like chickens with our heads cut off.
 So I'm strategically thinking like, what's the power of video auto-playing, right?
 It's like we, if you come to a page of videos, auto-playing the goal is to like try to hook
 somebody as fast as you can, right?
 And so if Google takes that away from us where you can't autoplay a video, it's like,
 hey, what was the goal of the autoplay?
 The goal of the autoplay was to hook.
 So if the hook is, can't now be in the first five seconds of the video, like, how do I
 hook them?
 Like, where's the hook happening?
 Right?
 And so now it's so funny.
 It's coming back to old school, right?
 Everything comes back to the core fundamentals.
 It's like having the hook in the headline.
 So it's like having a really good headline.
 The other thing that's interesting is, and it's just, it's funny, the progression of
 this business and how it shifts back and forth and back and forth.
 Like, when I first got started with the big thing that everyone uses, squeeze pages,
 right?
 You have a really curiosity based squeeze page from the opposite and then you can fault
 them with through emails to get them back to the message.
 So sometimes by the first time they might buy a message, three or five or ten or who
 knows, right?
 Nowadays, it's like people have almost forgotten about the core fundamentals and they've gone
 to like send somebody to a video and you're retargeting.
 That's how you fall through retargeting, which is still amazing.
 Like, don't discount retargeting, but I think we've thrown the baby out with the bathwater.
 And so what my message for you guys today is, I believe that right now we're going through
 a rebirth of the squeeze page.
 If you have been listening to the marketing secrets podcast or if you are in a new recent
 list or you probably saw a campaign we did last week to get all you all to come subscribe
 to my podcast, right?
 And just, you know, like getting people to subscribe to a podcast from external source
 is hard.
 Like, we've tried a ton of different ways.
 And so what we did, this working amazingly well.
 In fact, if you want to see the campaign, go to marketingsecrets.com/blackbook.
 What we did is basically we took Julie Stoney on my team.
 She went through 500 plus episodes of initially the marketing in your car podcast and then
 it was the marketing secrets podcast and pulled out like the 99 biggest secrets and then kind
 of rewrote them in a really cool like 500 word article.
 You can read really quick to get the gist of the big secret and then it has links back
 to the different podcast episodes.
 If you want to go deeper in here, me actually talk about it in podcasts.
 And so we made that ebook.
 It's like, we spent a lot of money at probably $10,000 plus on Julie going through spending
 you know, creating this book and then we put up a good old fashioned squeeze page and said,
 hey, do you get a free copy of the marketing secrets black book?
 Give me your email address and we also have Facebook, many messenger on there as well.
 So we opted to email in their messenger.
 And now we have a list of specifically people who are interested in the marketing secrets
 podcast.
 It's been funny, you know, the marketing secrets podcast was the number one or the student
 top 10 for over a year, year and a half or so we're in the top 10.
 And then we got we got iTunes slaps, which is really annoying.
 And so me as know that.
 So we had created a new feed and I say probably two thirds of the guys are listening to new
 feed of 30 guys are still listening to the old feed, but they don't let people resubscribe
 to the old feed.
 And I'm not sure I'm telling all this, but basically we're trying to like figure like
 how do we, you know, how do we build that up?
 So the only way in the past we have is like, is people have found out a podcast through
 other avenues.
 That's how it grew, right?
 We got a list in top 10, like more people found about it, but it was hard like organically
 or not organically, but to, to met, um, what's the opposite organically to like, to grow
 it through like us pushing, right?
 And so we had this idea of this thing.
 So we had the squeeze page now and we did a whole bunch of campaigns through email through
 Facebook Messenger through ads, all sorts of stuff.
 And the first week that over 35,000 people opt in over at marketing secrets.com slash
 black book to get the black book, right?
 And they go, they, they opt in.
 And from that, our downloads have more than two X because now people are two things.
 Number one is the black book gets them hooks them on the story and then it pushes them
 to the episodes.
 So more people listening to different episodes deeper than they used to.
 But now they opted in.
 Now we have a whole sequence, push them to subscribe to the podcast.
 And now every time a new episode comes out, you'll notice if you subscribe that 30, if
 you want 35,000 people to subscribe that you can email saying, Hey, here's new, the new
 podcast you should go and, and, and, and listen to it.
 So it gives us the ability to push people to go and listen.
 And it was all through good old fashioned squeeze page, which it's so funny.
 I haven't been using squeeze pages for a long time.
 Most other people aren't either, but the old school works.
 Now I got 35,000 people.
 I can push out every single time the episode comes out to instantly go and, and listen
 on top of, you know, notifications that come from, from, from, from, from iTunes and things
 like that.
 So it actually creates two squeeze pages.
 One of them is at marketing secrets.com/blackbook.
 The other one is at marketing secrets.com/binge.
 And we actually made a binge guide where you can go binge listen to all the episodes.
 So if you go to either of those, you'll see some old school vintage squeeze pages that
 I dusted off from, from an earlier life.
 And, and they're converting amazing.
 The first one's like an 89% conversion rate.
 It's insane.
 And it's getting tons of people now to subscribe to the podcast, which now gets you guys listening
 to this.
 And so I think that there's a big, so let me step back to kind of where I started is the,
 if the VSL with autoplay disappearing, it's like, how do we get someone in?
 I think the key is becoming better at the hook.
 We're not the hook in the first 10 seconds of video because people aren't, are, are not
 going to see that.
 We have to have the hook to give them to click, right?
 And so that, that comes down to the headline and the design around the video.
 Like what, what are we doing to hook them to get them to click on the video to pull them
 in, right?
 So hook starts pre video hook is, is headline landing page.
 Like what are all the elements to give them hooked to actually watch the video, right?
 I think on top of that is because, because I think going a step back is having the hook
 on a squeeze page to give people opt in, then you push them over the page.
 Now you've got more abilities to follow up them to get them to actually click the play
 button and get into the hook story offer of your, of your video, right?
 And so I'm a big believer.
 It's the rebirth of the squeeze page and it's the refocus on the hook and not just the hook
 in the video, but the hook on the copy of the page hook, hook on the squeeze page hook on
 the land on the video page.
 Like, like that's, that's the refocus we all need to get doing, get better doing.
 In fact, I was at, uh, Bill Glazier's event.
 I met somebody who said that, um, they said that when the whole autoplay thing happened,
 they were all freaked out because they thought that their conversions are going to drop.
 It's what actually happened is conversions went up because they had a really good hook
 above the video.
 You got people push play.
 So now people, they don't just come to the page and start auto playing.
 Well, they did nothing.
 Now they come and they have to click play and said just the action and clicking play on
 the button actually increased conversion, um, overall.
 So, um, I don't think it's the, the, the end of anything.
 I think it's the rebirth of coming back to the old school, right?
 It's interesting is, is, um, whenever new platforms like Facebook, Instagram comes out,
 there's always hacks, right?
 Everyone goes to the hack for a while and the hacks get taken away typically.
 And then all this comes back to this, this revisiting of the fundamentals.
 It was the same thing at wrestling.
 Like when I first started wrestling, um, I remember, um, uh, there's a guy that lived
 two doors down for me and he had, he started like two or three weeks before me.
 And so when I showed the first day of practice, he was doing all these like fancy throws and
 all sorts of stuff.
 And I was like, oh, this is going to be amazing.
 I want to do those things.
 My dad's that told me no, he's like, no, you have to do the fundamentals.
 And he forced me to do single legs, double legs.
 Like, um, just the basic fundamentals over and over and over again.
 And it was interesting.
 I remember when I went and I, I wrestled my, um, uh, I, I wrestled my buddy, I don't
 know, probably four weeks later.
 And you know, he'd been working with him more advanced team on the, on the tricks, the
 tactics, the big secrets.
 And, um, and I was just doing these dumb fundamentals.
 Went out there to wrestle and he tried to head throw me and I did a double leg and took
 them down and ended up beating him.
 And it's funny as, as, uh, as I watched kids in, in junior high wrestlers, doing these
 crazy throws and these insane things and then high schools, the same thing and you start
 getting to college, people start moving back to the fundamentals.
 You look at the Olympics, like you look at the dudes in the Olympics.
 I mean, almost every Olympic match is won by like a single leg or double leg.
 That's it.
 There's no, there's no flashy flair.
 It's, it's the core fundamentals.
 And the same thing's true in marketing.
 Like, as you get bigger and bigger, like the next level, it's like a revisit back to the
 core fundamentals, like list building, which was, you know, I've been preaching out for
 a decade now and I feel like our industry as a whole has gotten away from that.
 Cause now they're like, Oh, I'm going to build the retargeting list.
 I'm going to do this thing.
 And like those things are good, but the core fundamental list building, list building,
 list building is key.
 Um, you know, we've been doing list building off of Ottawa or a webinar registration pages
 and two step order forms.
 But now I'm coming back one more step and revisiting the squeeze page with an insanely
 good hook to get somebody to opt in, both through email and messenger next page, amazing hook
 to give them the plan, the video and then boom, then the video hook moves immediately into
 hook story offer.
 So it's pulling people in there.
 So if you guys want to, you kind of think through that, if you want to go see some squeeze
 pages that are doing really well, look at the campaigns are doing, go to marketingseakers.com/binge.
 To go see the binge guide on marketingseakers.com/blackbook to see an old school squeeze page.
 Again, it's like 89% conversion rate.
 You got 35,000 plus people who opted in the last two weeks since this is online.
 Now I'm able to follow up on every single episode in this building.
 It makes it easier for me to communicate with everyone who's interested in this podcast.
 So that's number one.
 And then number two, you'll notice moving forward.
 Oh man, there's a monkey chasing a war hog ride in front of my eyes.
 So that knows if you can hear it.
 Anyway, if you look at moving forward, start noticing how we're using hooks to get people
 to play on the videos.
 If you go to clickfunnels.com homepage, you'll see it if you go to awesome, the other ones
 that are coming up.
 You'll notice the GIF on the video is optimized to get people to click, the headline above
 it.
 Everything on the page around the video is optimized to get somebody to click on that
 page.
 Because I'm not assuming that they're going to click, right?
 So I have to get them, I have to create good enough hook to get them to have enough desire
 to actually click on the play button.
 I can't leave that to hope.
 I have to leave that to a really good hook that gets them to want to click play to find
 out the next thing.
 And so I think we're a spot where the rebirth of the squeeze page, I think it's coming
 back.
 I'm going to be doing a lot more of it as you'll see here.
 And I think that a core focus back on amazing hooks for each step.
 What's the hook to get them open email?
 That's your subject line.
 What's the hook to them to click?
 That's the email.
 What's the hook to get them to opt in?
 That's the squeeze page.
 What's the hook to get them to click, play on the video?
 That's the headline.
 What's the hook to get them to buy the product?
 That's the site of the video.
 Like coming back to Hook Story Offer, Hook Story Offer.
 I did a podcast episode few, a little bit ago about Hook Story Offer.
 Go back and listen that 10 times, 20 times, 100 times because that's the core fundamentals
 that are going to help you with this game.
 It's going to keep moving forward.
 So with that said, I'm going to go, actually we're going to go finish plotting and scheming.
 We've been working on book three, the traffic secrets book, working on the One Comic Club
 challenge, working on 10X secrets stage course, working on a One Comic Club, Two Comic Club
 board game, working on some amazing things for you guys out here.
 And I cannot wait to show you.
 But for now there's the tease.
 Here's the hook.
 And hopefully I'll keep you guys interested and keep engaging with this podcast and everything
 we're putting out.
 I appreciate you all.
 Thanks for listening and we'll talk to you guys all again soon.
 Bye everybody.
 Want more marketing secrets?
 If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books.
 Book number one is called Expert Secrets.
 And you can get a free copy at expertsecrets.com.
 And book number two is called .com secrets.
 And you can get your free copy at .comsecrets.com.
 Inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest
 growing non-VC backed SaaS startup company in the world.
 (applause)
 You
