 What's up everybody? Good morning. It's Inner Circle Bay and I'm driving down to the event and I want to jump on and say what's up?
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody so it's Inner Circle Bay actually Inner Circle week, which is even better than Inner Circle Bay
 We've got Inner Circle happening today and tomorrow and then my category Kings
 Which is our upper level are coming in on Thursday and Friday and so this is a full week of
 Of serving and having fun and being with the people which I was really excited for
 To me as no my Inner Circle was our high-end coaching program
 I had for and seven or eight years and I closed it down almost three years ago
 Because I was just tired and worn out and you know just a lot of things happening in my life
 And so we shut it down and and then last year at HL we reopened it
 With some caveats this year you have to have wanted to come aboard to be in the Inner Circle
 And if you want to be in Tugama Club X, which is our the higher-end or excuse me if you want to be in the category Kings
 You have to have been at least made ten million so Tugama Club X
 Yeah, yeah, so
 Anyway, which is cool because it makes the groups
 Just a higher standard higher level which has been which has been awesome
 So to be in the room you had made least a million dollars which means we can have totally different conversations
 You know, it's interesting because we have different levels of coaching and consulting programs
 For example, we have our Tugama Club X program, which is amazing
 But it's more so people who were getting started having some success who you know, but haven't like haven't
 Haven't hit two common clubs yet, right?
 And it's interesting because in that phase of your business
 There's like a couple things you should figure out right the first thing you have to figure out is like
 What is it actually before that is like it's like who like who was your dream customer?
 Like who little person you actually want to serve right? That's the first thing people to figure out that figure out like okay
 This is this is like these are my people
 Then the big questions are the what and how like what is it you're actually selling and how are you selling it?
 And the biggest problem people typically have during that phase is
 they
 They either are selling the wrong what right there's something they want to what they want to sell not what people want to buy
 Hey, or they don't know how to sell like what's what's the funnel or the way or the processor that like how you persuade people?
 So what in the house right so if you got the who this is my dream client is who I want to serve
 You talk to Pedro Pedro talk so micronidching like shrinking that and who down to like you know
 I am this is my micronid. Just my category. This is my my people and then it's the what in the house
 So what are you selling and how you selling it?
 And so three with most people's like is try thinking everything like like let's publish a lot of this public
 You know launch a challenge launch a webinar launch it and you're trying to figure out what is it the people actually want to buy from you?
 Okay, and that's that's a little distinction, but it's huge like what do people act away?
 Not what do you want to sell like what does the market want right when I got started my very first idea was it brand or which
 Was a really cool idea
 And I wanted to sell it I paid for someone to build it because I knew that this was the coolest thing
 I could I could think of and it was it was but the market didn't want it wasn't you know
 I saw a few
 But it wasn't the right what like what is it I'm actually selling and so that's why we keep trying different offers and testing things out
 Putting things out until we figure out eventually. Oh, this is what they actually wanted
 And the second question is then how do you sell it?
 It's not like the mechanism like you saw me through a webinar through a challenge you do it on the phone or you do it through a
 Tripwire funnel of a webinar funnel like you know high ticket funnel
 a challenge funnel survey or a summit funnel survey funnel like it's the what right and
 And after you figure those two things like what is it the market actually wants?
 I'm gonna sell and then how do I sell it and and you understand the persuasion and this the process and all kinds of stuff
 We feel that's who the what and how boom typically that's when people go from like I can't make anybody online to a boom to comic
 Club really quickly right
 Some people happen in the years and people happen like weeks after figuring those things out
 Which is why you got to be testing and trying a lot of things right figure out. What does the market actually want?
 What do they want for me?
 because you're it's interesting there's the
 Like one of my favorite YouTube videos
 It's called work to publish if you go to YouTube type and work to publish you'll see it
 But when these talks about there's like how yet to be prolific and putting a lot of things out there
 And you think you don't get a pick what you're famous for
 The market picks right and talked about these different artists and bands who put out thousands of songs and things like that
 And it's like they put a thousand songs lean, you know
 10% of songs are any good or 1% or any good
 But because I put a thousand songs was 1% made them the Beatles or whatever, you know, I mean like it's it's it's that
 It's that working to publish is putting things out there
 If I oh I heard a
 Tom Billy told a interesting story of the day and I sound like you found it in a book or something
 So I'm gonna try to find it, but you said that there's basically an art class
 First day our class teachers like alright
 There's two ways past this class number one is you can spend the entire semester making one
 Like one art piece and you can spend all the time just making it the most amazing perfect thing in the world
 or number two is you can just come in and every single day you got to create something and you keep creating something and
 and it's all about volume to the end of the year you're gonna turn a stack of all of your your art and
 And then you'll pass those are two options. It's been a whole year perfect in one piece or turn a new thing each day
 Just fast and you know just putting things out there and he said at the end of the semester
 What was fascinating is the people who tried to perfect one piece of art?
 Versus the people who were putting out art every single day the people are putting out art every single day
 But in the semester their art was better than the people spending tire year in one piece because they kept putting things out over and over and over
 They were publishing they were they were they were putting you know volume behind what they were doing and
 So it's interesting. So
 Anyway, that's like during that phase of your business. It's all about figuring that out, right?
 Like who am I serving? What do they want? How do I sell it? And so it's a volume phase
 It's trying a lot of things testing things that's putting out different offers different messages till you find like what are the hooks that people stick with right?
 And so when I in our two-thong with the vice coaching program
 That's where we're living with people is like they're coming in and if they pick the e-compath
 They're working with Allison and she's helping to find product
 We're probably trying a bunch of products to find the one that boom hits
 Right and then our side we're doing challenge challenge challenges to find the challenge where the messaging
 Resonates hits and boom and then from there we take that message and we turn into a webinar and make
 That's kind of what's happening at the two comic levex level
 But after someone goes through that process and boom they make their first
 You milling into comic club and they can move up to inner circle and in a circle we can have different conversations
 And so the questions like what the conversations and that we're having in inner circle. Oh, that's a good question. I'm glad you asked that
 So there's there's different things and so
 one of the big questions that people were asking and trying to figure out and stuff with is like hey I
 You know I I have
 This thing is making money now hard some people I got you know 10 employees now or five employees now or something and and I don't know
 How to how to run the salmon entrepreneur I come up with ideas like now
 I'm a boss and I've got employees like how do I how do I function? How do I do this?
 How do I not go crazy?
 It's a lot of it is systems and operations is a big part of what we talked about it in inner circle another part is like
 People perfected their message right and so they say okay
 Well, how do I go from million to ten from ten to a hundred hundred to a billion like what are the what are the things and it's not necessarily
 You know and creating another product another service. It's like okay. What are?
 What are how do we make them back in bigger? How do we increase conversions back there?
 How do we create front ends? It'll acquire customers more profitably like what are the yes
 It's really like building out the value out or and getting the pieces in place so that you can as Dan Kenny says
 Spend the most money to acquire customer right because whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins
 And so that becomes this the the inner circle phase is that in fact this morning
 I have a presentation I'm doing called the linchpin, which is like
 It's interesting like there of all the things I've done inside of click funnels in our launch
 There was one thing you know
 We would probably have been a ten million dollar your company if I didn't do one thing and it's the linchpin
 And so like what is that thing? Well, that's what I'm gonna talk about today
 That's my little my presentation is called linchpin
 So I maybe do some version of it at funnel hockey live this year
 I haven't decided yet, but I might so if you want to hear it make sure you're fun like in live
 Or join the inner circle and it'll be in the members archives, so
 But the linchpin which is like this this thing and so I got kind of said the structure
 Here's all the pieces in my business
 But like this one right here and so what that nobody noticed is the one that's like
 The the smallest the dumbest but it's like that was the difference between having ten million dollar your business
 The hundred fifty million dollar business was this one little linchpin and so it's little things like that
 It's not like the I try to figure out I guess it's almost it's not almost it is it's more work
 Going from zero to million than from million to ten
 For sure and so you know circles a lot those things so it's not so much like here's
 Structured curriculum here step one step two step three, which is what we totally do in two comical X
 It's more like okay. Here's a bunch of people doing what you're doing at different levels and like let's share the best practice
 Like what are you doing?
 What are you doing?
 How is it working for you and like it's this collective group as a mastermind of people who are all sharing and and growing together?
 Which is so cool anyway, so that's happening in a circle today is we've got about a hundred people from around the world
 All flying here to Boise and it's a mastermind and we're sharing these types of things
 Which is really really cool
 like I said there
 there
 For this group is about a hundred people and the category Kings is a smaller group
 There's only 15 people in that one and that's ran very similar
 But it's in a smaller group and everyone that group who made at least ten million dollars inside a funnel therefore
 They they've got passed usually like some of these core problems right they figure out how to build a team and build staff
 They have systems in place and now they're trying to figure out okay
 Like how do I take what I have and add a zero to them?
 Do they have to go from from ten million to a hundred million like what's the what's the process?
 What's the path and you know, it's different at that level, so it's just fun like I enjoy this game. It's so much fun
 It's interesting like when we use my first would do events way back in the day man
 I'm like almost 15 years ago
 I do events and it would do a three-day event here in Boise and the most part we had complete brand new beginners who would come with these things
 And I was like I want to teach them everything. I know right now
 I want to like want to serve these people and give them everything so for three days
 I would go and I would teach literally everything like everything I knew everything I understood and
 I did that for a couple years and was the weirdest
 Pridles frustrating thing for me was like I'd show them all the things and then they
 Nobody ever had success like I have success choice for years
 Like why did I understand I'd given them everything everything that I took a decade for me to learn
 I'm giving it to them on a silver platter them to learn they just get it like handed to them I
 You know and it always confused me and frustrated me that people weren't successful faster
 And then remember one event we decided I was like I think we're overwhelming everybody
 So I was like instead of us teaching these three days things
 Let's teach day number one only but extended out over three days and so we did that and
 What was interesting is people understood it better they started making more progress
 But it still is too much
 Let me took the day one of that which would have been like the first two hours of the original event
 We extended out over three days and that became a new event and it was just the first piece and oh my gosh
 It doesn't happen people start having success
 What I was like wait
 They don't need no whole destinations like no they don't need to know everything you know Russell all you know
 It's like the next steps the first steps like what it was the
 What are the first things I need to do to get a result?
 It gives me buy-ins and I'm willing to do the next three steps
 I think the problem has I've shown people the entire picture and they're like oh no one do that right like
 this is gonna be horrible and
 By by doing this way as it would give them just pieces
 They need to get the first result which for us is like your first sale your first thing right they get that first result
 And then like oh that was cool. I say okay now here's the next step here
 So you grow and so we started segmenting our teaching our training that way and start breaking up over levels
 Well, or instead of getting the entire three day event in three days
 It's like hey you're gonna get the first you know the first two hours and we're gonna do it over three days
 And you have a couple weeks or months implement it until you've actually got it done
 Then I'll give you an XP then I'll give you an XP and then we'll send you up through the process and and that's how that's how we grew
 This to what it is today. So
 Anyway, it's fun. It's awesome. I'm excited. Hope you guys are doing well as well
 And I can't wait for you to be in our groups set that as a goal right on your board
 I want to be in Russell's inner circle and then if you are like cable
 There's the path like getting to a comical advice coaching program figure out you what you're here you have get two million dollars
 Come on up and we have those conversations and then big I want to get category Kings
 And then come on up and have those conversations and then the next group we're launching eventually is called the Atlas group and I'll have
 Most part my group launch members aren't quite there yet some of them are
 But not being enough to have a group that we can have a really fun
 Environment to focus on okay. All you guys here at 100 million. How do we have two billion?
 Because those are the conversations that have in my team right now, which are fun
 I would love to have that with with the next group entrepreneur
 So we already named the groups can be called the Atlas group, but we're not quite there yet. So that should be your goal
 It's my goal
 Alright guys. I'm almost to the to downtown. I'm gonna bounce so I can message my team. Let them know I'm here without said
 I thank you so much for being
 You thanks for listening to podcast just by default if you listen to podcast you're ahead of 99.9% of all the other funnel hackers out there
 Because you're the ones who are paying attention to or plugging into your ears who are focusing or learning
 So good for you your on the right path stick to it keep working figure out your who you what and how
 Sort of those people to the top to the best of your building if you do that you get everything you want my next again
 And we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you also Dan Kenny
 And I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now
 At no BS letter calm not only you can get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand-delivered by the moment to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one from me to get this gift
 And your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
