 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I hope you've been enjoying the series so far
 This is the round table of world changers the conversation
 I had with Matt and Kayla Maddox and a whole bunch of young entrepreneurs who are literally out there trying to change the world
 This is part three of a four-part episode
 because the
 conversation went for like three or four hours and so this episode is also going to be about 40 minutes long and it's the next set of
 questions they asked me and
 If you listen to last two, you know that these guys ask a lot of questions and a lot of different directions and angles and went all over the place
 And I think at this time it's probably like one or two in the morning
 And so you know the question started getting started going from everywhere from
 Business to relationships to families and and a whole bunch more so I hope you enjoy this this next episode
 Here's some of the bullet points that things you're gonna learn about we talked about the 10 commandments of marketing
 I talked about my very first mentor and the thing he taught me not just to make money in the short term
 But how to build a business that now has lasted me for almost two decades
 I talked about one of my friends mentors Dagan Smith and something that he taught me it was so simple yet
 It's been the key to help me get thousands of people a day to join my email lists
 We talked about leadership delegation scheduling we talked about as you're building a team
 understanding of people's unique abilities talked about
 How much time you spend thinking about the future talk about proximity with billionaires?
 We also talked about how to balance your business and married life so you can be a good husband and a good father
 Which is something that I stress about all the time. We talked about a principle that I learned from Stacy and Paul Martino
 That has been one of those powerful things I've learned which is called demand relationship
 I talk about that I would talk about some relationship tricks for those who are either married or getting married some of the
 Newlyweds and the engaged couples were asking some questions about that
 Hopefully I don't get in trouble for sharing some of my tricks
 We talked about knowing what your values are your priority talked about being vulnerable and being honest versus staying positive through challenges
 We talked about some of the biggest principles and things I learned from Tony Robbins including how to change your state whenever you need to
 And we talked about my 12 year relationship with Tony Robbins and all the things behind that we talked about
 I don't want to spoil anymore. You guys. This is this is a fun interview and hopefully you've enjoyed these so far
 So with that said we're gonna cut to the theme song and we come back
 We're gonna take you guys immediately back into this conversation. This is again the roundtable world changers part three of four
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Let's say there was a Russell Brunson 10 Commandments, you know how that God had one now show build a list
 This in the 10 commands is my first metramar would be some of the Russell
 Like thou shall we stone to all those funnel hackers now shouts and thou shall now
 What would be a fun present?
 That would be cool. Dude. You need to do that back from the mountain. They got 10 things
 Oh the five thou shall like shall shall not no matter what like what would some of those be that could be a really cool presentation actually
 Well, so I would say again my first mentor was Mark Joyner and he was the one so context in history
 18 years when I started mark Joyner
 I don't think it's probably no one he's brilliant, but he built a company and sold it off and
 It's very and if his like careers a coach person like I got to meet him and get to know him a little bit
 But I remember at that time Google Adsense was this thing that came and so if any of you guys are old enough
 This room to remember like the Google Adsense days was insane
 They're they're software you click a button on software
 It would pop out of sight pop out on a site
 And these sites would make anywhere from a hundred to a thousand bucks a day
 And you just keep cooking some button and pop it on a site
 And so people are making million dollars a month
 They have teams in the Philippines of these guys just clicking the button to build the software and it was just but it was all fake
 But it was tons of my insane amounts of money at friends making so much money and shiny object like very shiny object
 Like the most sexy shiny object of all time you click a button you can make a million bucks
 Like that was it that was the pitch and it was true
 For so like everyone knew like can you imagine that like if I could go back in time 18 years ago
 I'd move the Philippines I would hire everybody and we would just click button and I would have been a billionaire
 Like it was it was insane
 This is how Google that people adopting the Adsense program
 So people put ads on every single site every single everything and so I'm getting this game
 I'm seeing this I'm seeing morons making insane amounts of money
 I was like huh and mark is just making my my mentor the very first time
 He's like that's gonna go away folks on building list. I'm like
 But this guy's a moron. You need a million dollars last year or excuse me last month
 Clicking a button no strategy no brains. No nothing. He's like I know it's gonna go away folks on building list
 I'm like wow, but seriously. He's clicking a button
 Building list as hard as I build a list. I'm like and I remember fighting him and fighting me
 I'm just like dude trust me. I bet on cycle. It's gonna go away like just focus and focus and I so upset by I
 Listen cuz I do that I'm one thing I'm probably something I'm very coachable coach doesn't do something
 I do I bay I obey all Giants with helicopters and sagebrush. They tell me dude. I do it, right?
 So I was like
 There's free money and piles you want to tell right do it so I did it and sure enough
 I was doing that doing that within six months this thing collapsed disappeared destroy people's lives
 You're making a million bucks a month clicking buttons
 What do you do especially as a young kid you're buying in
 Lambos and Ferraris and helicopters and pilots and girls and like insane amounts of money and then it disappears overnight
 Like devastating like ruin these guys ruin them like so many people
 Yeah, and I had a list and I just coasted through it
 Right and I've looked at the SEO that like every single up and down up and down through the years and I just
 Listened to mark and folks and build my list folks and feel that is strong today
 I've heard it even then 100% on our KPIs how many people join the list today every single day every day every day
 Because like I did it for a long time like you know your saying 100% every day John Park
 So every day since the number time you'll join the list yesterday. It's long. I know
 It fluctuates 20 ish percent around there
 But it was funny cuz I remember I'd forgotten that last night for a while and if you guys are dating Smith
 thing and he's getting back in the game now he's brilliant, but I remember you I had a list and I was making my money off
 but I wasn't focusing on it and
 He I remember you asked me questions. How many people it wasn't how many people are on your list?
 That's most of us how big's your list, but he asked me
 Different question was input output right the question was how many people join your list today and I was like I don't know
 Is it go like go look right now, Mike?
 Okay, so log in and look at the thing. It was like 12 and I was like 12 and I was like that good or bad
 I don't know and he's like he's like let me show you mine. They showed me his and it was like
 1400 I was like you're 1400 people join today. He's like yeah
 But how did you guys like I just got it every day and when I look at every day somehow grows I was like wow
 Okay, so then every day after I started logging and looking at my thing
 It was like 12 Mike ah in my head of my freaking day at 1400
 I only have 12 like and also I was like I got it
 like what do I do to get people join the list and then your mind starts speaking differently and all of a sudden you start
 focusing on it and it's crazy I can do you how many entrepreneurs that have been in my world who have got up and
 Then come down what happens most of them they do something they build a big list they stop adding fuel to the fire
 They have this list they sell things to the list list atrophies and eventually starts shrinking and dying
 And then they don't know how to build this the business crashes and dies
 I think I was really listening really I mean saying that's like right now
 like the the question like the goal every single day is that because it's a fuel to your fire and like
 What happens is you stop putting fuel to the fire and it doesn't die and immediately
 So you're like oh I turn off ads so I'm good
 But it was folks are email is focused that but it just every email is sent out your list actually shrinks dies
 And then eventually it'll just die and it's like yeah
 If you're not consistently constantly feeding list every single day and once you have lists
 What's the biggest mistake people make with their they don't email it?
 They're scared it you think it's too much even it's not it's the opposite. It's that don't email like
 Minimum of three times a week closer every day. If you're like to dig in it's twice a day every day really
 What are the KPIs do I've sent you everything away?
 I want to know how much we made yesterday like striped we'll see because that's like
 Because first off it's cool to know the second office also
 It's like I want that number to be bigger every day. So it's like actual money in the thing
 How many people join the list today and how many books are sold?
 How many clickphones members those are the ones for me our teams have other KPIs they focus on what those ones I care about so out of 30 days
 When you hear the numbers
 Half didn't you piss and half didn't you like yeah?
 Nowadays it's always pretty good
 Because it might go up or down a little bit but like the numbers are big enough
 That's just like that's so crazy like I remember like
 You know anyway like it it's it's I remember just the growth of clickfunnels because like you know striped deans every day with your numbers
 I remember like
 With first I was put you got the point was like 10 grand a day
 I was like 10 grand a day is insane like that's just so cool
 And they got a point where it's like 20 grand a day then 30 and then 50 grand a day and then like 100 grand a day
 And then 150 then 200 250 300 and just like this is insane to me
 They're like this is a daily thing that come you know like it was just
 Anyway, like that's that's when we got just weird and it makes me act as taught me to commit me to me
 That soon as we passed
 $500,000 a month in in sales. They moved to Boise and he didn't yet no
 And then I was like well we had $500,000 a day and then he still hasn't come so I don't know someday
 Think how to remove the Boise
 I've always wanted to ask someone you know if your stature that's done as much as you have
 Impacted as you know much people as you have and really built the business that you have
 So I'm curious on your take on leadership building a team
 Delegating and your schedule and how you go about scheduling your day and prioritizing
 You know what's important for you and as a business owner and like what you delegate to your employees and their responsibilities as well
 So leadership delegating and like scheduling good question
 It's interesting because I would say I'm not the best leader on my team by any stretch
 And so it was interesting because I spent the first four or five years of quick fun as like the CEO
 Trying to do my best with it, but it wasn't my like unique ability is leadership. I feel like I'm good at leading
 Community but not by struggle a lot more if I employees and teams internally and so
 About a year ago, so I had the reins to Dave Woodward to be the CEO click funnels and
 He's been amazing like he
 Like what he's done it inside the company has been is been awesome. I think a big part of it is is
 Understanding at least for me personally like I was trying to be leader trying to develop that and like
 But I wasn't like the best at it
 And I think sometimes we think we like it's always got to be us you know like he's my company
 I basically I got to be the leader. I gotta do things. It's like understanding that like a
 Lot of times there's people who are really good like who's the best you can find to be that or any any part of our business
 You know I mean is a big part of it. The second thing is if you've studied Dan Sullivan at all
 One of his biggest things is unique ability like his that's the thing of what's your unique ability?
 What's everybody's unique ability and I think
 We start a company is tough because it's like everyone's in charge of everything right like I'm a CEO
 But I'm also like taking out the the garbage. I'm also doing that
 You know everyone's doing a little bit everything which is cool like we were scrapping the beginning
 That's important and everyone's doing that
 But as you grow that starts hindering you more and more and more where we had you know people who are
 Insanely talented who like if I could just get them doing this thing a hundred percent time
 And that's what we got pointed with in clickfunnels is that like my unique abilities are
 our writing our being in videos our
 Building funnels do them are like those things are like my unique abilities
 Yeah, I was spending I was spending maybe 10 percent of my time on that and 90 percent time in meetings and trying to
 Leadership and it was stressful. You were draining. Are you probably draining? Yeah, and I was I was miserable like I was just like
 Like I wasn't good at like not feeling you're like like I'm not getting through to get my I can't figure this out
 But I felt like I had to own I had to be the guy I had to do the thing because like this is my baby
 It's my business and
 The last 12 months has been crazy because I handed someone who who actually is good at it is unique ability and I'm watching
 Company structure and meetings and KP as things that I was never super good at doing and consistently
 Having all happening now and now I'm in the marketing department again, and I'm building funnels like people like what do you go
 That I'm literally in click funnels building funnels like no, but you have fun. I'll do it like no
 Like I'm literally in click funnels building funnels like I didn't start this business
 I want to be CEO of a big huge company
 I did it because I love building funnels like I'm an artist and it comes down like this is my art Wow
 And that's what I could do now and it's amazing
 It's like like Dan's got like Fridays to book out and we spend videos where he's got a home into youtube is we film
 Fire's huge vlogs last week on Friday. So at that time's blocked out to do that
 Right, I'm writing my next book right now
 So I've got my mornings blocked out to write books because like that's when my mind's got an on and things
 I do that and then after morning comes in
 If I get after I do my wrestling practice I come in and like that's my teams there and that's when we're building funnels
 I got my designer like copy to the people and like I could I could facilitate that and like I feel like the
 What's the guy in the orchestra the the maestro?
 Yeah, like I'm the conductor I'm conducting all these talented people and like everyone's bringing it like and I'm alive
 And it's exciting and like and that I can't sleep so I'm excited again
 And so it's I think that's the biggest thing is like taking the pressure off yourself if you're not the best leader
 like that's okay, like what are you the actual best at and
 Success in business. I think a lot of us at least for me
 I always thought it was like I had to be the best at everything and it's like the opposite where it's like
 How do you how do you focus on thinking you're the best at and get the rest of the people?
 Excuse me around you. Yeah
 You had to have been willing to let go of your ego man or you wouldn't have been able to grown so much
 If you try to do it all yourself
 So I have a question
 How much time do you spend actually thinking like about the future because it seems like from what you've told us
 You're very dialled in and obsessed on the process
 And that's how you've gotten to where you are at this point because you're in love with the game
 How much of your time do you spend thinking about the future and like what's on the horizon next year five years ten years?
 Like does that cross your mind or like what does that what does that look like?
 It's interesting I was talking about this
 The further the further you look like the fuzzier gets your mean and so I think for for me
 It's like we have I
 Know where I want to go but then in between is really really fuzzy right? It's hard to know so it's like I know
 Like for me is like the last big old hundred million dollars next one's a billion like so we know like there's there's the thing
 But it's like there's it's so far from I gotta know the steps to get there
 You know I mean and so for me, it's more it's more like you here's where we're at like
 In fact that was my way that she had its last month ago
 Spended day with Tony Robbins and we just had a chance to ask him one question
 So I was like literally my questions just like always my question
 There'll be a vlog saying not yet though
 Perhaps they can't know but it was basically was it was like
 We've gone to this point and I know I know to get the next goal like the things we've been doing are
 Great and they got us this point, but like I
 Have to think differently to here and I don't know how to think different. How do you think like
 It's not another book. I'm like is it a book like how do I think differently what Tony said that was?
 You know it's a very he said a lot of things
 But one of the big things was like proximity's power like you have to be
 Approximately people have already accomplished thing that you're trying to do and it was interesting because I look at like the path
 I grew click funnels was I did that 100% it's like alright
 Who's who the people we found the people got proximity and they grew at this point to eventually like we kind of like coded out of like
 the people that I was aware of and
 I was like so I asked him like well where would you go to and he's like well if it was me is like
 You know who's built the billion dollar companies like Mark Benion
 They said name all these different billionaires and this now these things now just like I
 Never used to most people could like I could be you know like it seems so far away
 And I was like oh my gosh like that's how do you approximate those people start thinking differently?
 Because I don't know the I don't know the journey, but they've done it you know
 It's like because someone comes our world like how do we want to comic love right?
 This is literally like a 13-minute project like there you go to come you know
 It's like I don't so many times this is it's not hard right, but for them it's like it's like rocket
 You know it's like this is the rocket science
 You know to figure it out and I'm same with these guys who built billion our companies like so now it's like trying to get
 Approximately those people and trying to get around them and trying to figure out the journey
 So the first thing we did like loot I got on Tony Tony gave me the answer the question and that I knew the first guy
 I didn't need to get him proximity was like text it texted Texas Dave
 They called him up with Bronmer Chainer and now we got him an hour a week to get on phone with him
 Just ask him all our questions and him have him introduce us to all the different players at that next level so a lot of us that
 Dave who CEO is very focused on like all of the like he's very much like okay for us to get to this goal
 We have to have written here here here
 These are like the percentages the numbers the e-bike all the those things stress me out
 I hate spreadsheets. He's always got spreadsheets
 But he comes back with all these spreadsheets
 I was like all I need to know from you is like some be building a funnel like what's the goal like?
 What do you need for me to be able to do that? He's like we more cliffhounds trials like done
 I can okay. That's when folks manage and then it's like I need creative on that piece
 Cuz I know like this is the this is the metric that I can do with my skill set to drive it
 It never's got a metric right the traffic team ever's got a metric
 But for me personally, it's like this is the
 The only thing I actually affected it in a in a short term micro and then I can focus all the creativity effort on that
 While trying to figure out how to shift my mindset to be bigger to
 You know if mark Benioff offered you a billion dollars for click phones. What'd you say?
 I'd ask him for five
 So you talked about I remember you were talking about your wife earlier
 I you want to get her to couch me and my fiance actually met at the falls in Europe, and yeah, so
 What I'm curious about is maybe the best man
 So what I want to ask you is obviously you run, you know a nine figure company
 There's a lot that goes into that. How do you balance with?
 Let's say number one your wife and then your kids as well and then what is your secret to like a really successful marriage?
 That's worked for you. I think that's something that many entrepreneurs have good
 Marriages they don't really get asked about so I was just curious about that. Yeah, so saying there's three questions in there, right?
 So balance
 Happy wife was there's third one
 Yeah, just balancing it bring a company. I mean you do all these things you also have a wife you have kids
 So I'd say I would say a couple things so number one is
 balances like this thing that that we all
 For some reason our mind that we all seek after
 But everything great in my life has come from times of radical imbalance
 Like when I when I want to become a wrestler
 I wasn't a great wrestler because I was balanced because I came radically imbalanced in that thing
 It became the most important thing in my life and everything else suffered, but I had to be successful with my wife
 Like we didn't create a great relationship because we were balanced
 I became radically imbalanced and all my time and effort focuses on her and that's why it became great
 Clickphones thing when we go click phones. I was not balanced. We had become radically imbalanced for season
 To focus X you to get so like that's the understand is just like if anything great like you can't do it in a point of balance
 It's radical imbalance. It causes greatness. That's all so yeah, you're okay with that
 They can't be for forever
 It's got to be something that goes and it comes and goes because people who get wrapped in bouncing a long time
 They can lose their family to lose their kids
 A lot she
 Yeah, and if she wasn't I said what's more important in this her room
 Then I I just you know that there's been many options not I didn't say no to you
 What's that dynamic like being that you guys aren't together just aren't like working out just normal little things
 By his decisions those kind of things. Yeah marriage you find out it's hard
 Just your full blood I know it told me that going to I was like, yeah, I was like it's amazing. This is the greatest thing
 You know, it's awesome the man is way harder than I was
 Yeah, someone's I actually I wouldn't highly recommend Stacey and Paul Martino of a course that my wife
 I didn't gone to her last year and it's amazing. There's a principle to teach about demand relationship
 If you just go through there they have a 14 day quick start
 It's like a hundred bucks if you just like learn the principles of demand relationship, but they teach
 Biggest game changer relationship. I've ever of all the things I've studied like
 Well, it is amazing. The principal demand relationship is that
 Throughout history and society the way that that most of us get things done is it's an any relationship
 There's like there's a power player and there's a someone last right?
 It's like if I and if I want my wife to do something
 I'm gonna demand I need you to do these things right and that works until the other person has the ability to leave so prior to
 Divorce me a thing
 Men throughout history have had a dominant relationship over women
 They use demand which you get they want and women couldn't leave and so it's a horrible thing right that they couldn't leave
 So much of worse happen. The movements are happening right when parents come over the kids and give demand relationship
 As soon as the kids are able to leave it breaks and breaks his relationships
 And so that's the problem is that you know for the last
 5000 years that's been our DNA that men
 Force women to do these other things and that's the demand relationship is their whole training their whole course
 Everything teaches the opposite of man relationship
 How do you create a relationship where transformation happens with inspiration not through demanding and like changing things?
 So it's it's tough because for all of us especially men like it's been so ingrained our DNA that they've won something we
 Against how we do business how we do things been relations specially intimate relationship
 It's the worst thing to possibly that's what we all do so I give you worth
 I'm hoping she writes a book someday because it's it's my new book
 I have a whole chapter actually teaching her for her for the man's issue
 What's that you like I school sweetheart college with college with you before you started. Yeah, and had a huge success
 What was that transition like from you guys I guess being you know struggling and you guys
 Rob love and now it's like my sister's on this
 Just cute cuz I don't I mean people don't really talk about this. I guess a lot. Yeah
 And it's it's different because like some relationships like both the people in the business some aren't like my wife's not involved in the business at all
 She doesn't understand it and just part of it
 But and that's okay, and it's like sometimes that's been the biggest blessing for me
 So it's been hard right sometimes I see that the power couples are both in the business
 It's really really cool, but I said and they're like sometimes it's a great blessing sometimes. It's really hard so they there's pros and cons both ways
 but
 I think the biggest part is just this this been good for our relationship
 Is and at first we didn't always have this but it was like
 I
 Has figured out how to get it like you both have to have the same end goal otherwise you're fighting against each other, right?
 and so
 Like when I
 Like we were building click phones and stuff it was it was hard at first because she didn't really
 Like she's like we guys doing these things time and you know
 You understand it and it was tough because I was trying to explain it and and luckily for me is that like Todd was part of
 His wife was kind of struggling so they had each other kind of talk through it, but it wasn't until the very first fun hacking live where
 My wife had never been to one of my events before anything we'd really she knew what kind we did
 But not really and she came to fun hockey live the very first one and she didn't come down at first because she didn't realize what's happening
 She's like, you know doing some stuff and then
 She came down with one of her friends and walked in the back of the room and saw the stuff and she started just crying she's like oh
 This is
 This is what you're like I had no idea
 What was happening and what was and they became real for and like that was such a huge blessing for me because now
 The next time it's like we have to work hard for this or we're planning for whatever
 She's able to see like this is the fruits of like oh, that's what you're doing
 And now if you notice my wife's every fun life my front row
 She doesn't understand a word we're saying she's there
 She's paying attention because she's like look at all these people and the lives are changing and impacting now
 It's different. We're like when I got to do work work late nights or whatever. She sees the vision
 She's on board this so it makes it so much easier. The other secret I learned is if I tell her
 If it's like five o'clock in the item at crap like I said late tonight I caught five o'clock tonight
 Nothing good can come from that. It's better if you just to like go home, right?
 If I know it's like Wednesday night, I'm gonna be working late. I tell her Monday like hey Wednesday night
 There's a good chance I'm gonna be late and then if I tell that she's totally cool with it, right?
 But you don't tell him the day out
 It'll destroy your marriage more than anything. Let's go with the other secret this the secret don't put on camera
 I don't want my wife to
 Yeah, if I have any cliche that people are coming into town or something's happening
 I always like just you know next week
 Matt Caleb becoming talented good shot my go dinner and I just see a fully wear it and just like cool and then it's fine
 The other secret this is one
 This is like this is the real one so don't share this outside this room. Yeah, so
 Especially after for my wife and I so so we start having kids the same time I start this business, right?
 So I'm traveling and we're going to events and she's at home with the kids
 And so we never traveled before so I'm going to these vacations. I'm meeting these cool people and the hotel rooms
 So every time I'm getting back and I'm like oh my gosh, I'm like, okay, I met so and so and then all these things
 I'm so excited like so like pumped about all the things I'm telling about stuff and she's at home with twin babies
 miserable tired horrible feet hurt body hurt, you know, and I'm not having the time of my life
 Yeah, and I'm thinking she's gonna be pumped for me, right? No
 And that for like for like probably years, so I was just like and one day I remember
 I met some event and I get like cornered by people on an introvert to Russell's like
 Anxiety and it was horrible and somebody cornered in the bathroom and it's like it's asking me questions on P&A
 It wasn't even like, you know, like at least sometimes most of the time they fake peeing actually should be like not awkward
 You should actually like watching me pee. I'm like
 It was like it was so bad and I got home that night and I call her on the phone
 And I was just like it was horrible
 I went off how horrible it was and all the like im miserable and she's like oh my gosh
 I'm so sorry and like but then she was like cool. It was awesome. I was like I didn't get in trouble
 And so the next time I went out I was like I got home at night call her like oh it's horrible
 I see her my back
 Anyway, and this is I told so many people this entrepreneur was a friend who did that and they shipped like
 Because like they don't want to hear you have this anyway. This is true. No, I don't know
 It's save my marriage. You're literally save my marriage and it's a so many friends who
 So many friends were saying things like they want to hear the stories not in the moment
 Like you come back home later you tell the stories they love it
 But in the moment when they're miserable and you're having fun
 It is not like first one toilet wrap is when I walk on fire
 I call her that night and I'm like I just want a fire
 Whoa, and I hear the kids screaming the background and she was angry and I was like huh
 I said you'd walk on fire next month
 I said her walk on fire that she's on fire
 But it's like like later she wants to hear but not in the moment because this is like anyway, so that was
 like life-changing for anyway, so and then the other thing is just like you have to understand like what your values are
 I learned from Tom bill you at a level that was fascinating recently, but Tom bill you you want impact theory
 But he he writes out his values
 He he prioritizes him like his number one value is his wife number two
 It has the values right now and so when when a conflict comes in place like he gets asked to speak at a
 You know a huge event speak for the Queen of England or whatever, but the same weekend is his wife want something
 He's like my wife trumps the value 100% like she trumps it so the answer is no and it's no it's not hard for me
 You say no and so it's figuring out yourself like what are your values personally with your family?
 Why do they ever hear that and you you define them and then it's like there's no question like
 That's what's hard is when you guys have to hear and your spouse write something differently and the conflict of that is what causes the fights
 Right, but if you go on the same page like look this is number one
 You have these things then it makes it easier to navigate those things like no
 I understand like this is one of the values we have is together a couple like you should go do that thing or whatever the thing might be so
 anyway
 but it's a
 marriages marriages one of the hardest things that one most like rewarding things same time so it's worth it but it's
 It's a ride go through demand relation man. That's it
 Two big things that I heard from you amongst your story you're talking about this
 Positively when you would experience something or learn something you're so excited about it. You're so positive
 But then there's this other part of you that's very vulnerable
 And so you experience anxiety or you have challenging days or your discourage
 How do you find the balance between those of being vulnerable and being honest with how you're feeling versus hey
 This is a challenge. I'm an entrepreneur. I can overcome this
 What's the balance?
 That's good one of the
 Yeah, everyone who's met Tony has like a story about how Tony changed their life, but one of the biggest things I
 There's three or four things that I got from Tony the very first time I went to his event
 And I heard him speak that had a huge impact on me one of the biggest ones was state control
 Like understanding that if you're gonna talk about a triad and things like that
 Yeah, like I never heard that before I remember watching him do's these things are people in the audience
 And it was just like it was fascinating took it. He took a lady from
 Who was a who was a suicidal someone he picked some of the odds who suicidal?
 He's like it was a weird thing he talked about the triad right there's three there's three things that change your state
 Right, there's there's your language. There's your focus and there's your physiology, right?
 If we take someone he's like I mean somebody's suicidal takes beautiful girl
 I remember we're up in Toronto this event he takes this girl and he's like I need you to get depressed
 Like not not like a little bit depressed like clinically like suicidal
 It's like why is I get there in your mind like whatever takes get dark and you see her like her
 State-cheap dry and he keeps pushing her keeps pushing her gets her to this point and
 Anyways crazy I'm watching this and I'm kind of freaking out some watching do this
 This girl getting her point and soon she's bawling her eyes out and everything and he's like you get deeper get darker more miserable
 like all stuff and you see him change the girl state and
 All of us want to stop and I finally it's to make forever funny stops like everyone look at her watch it like look at this
 It's like what do you notice?
 What's your physiology? You see her body you see tears and all the stuff you see her just broken and it's like what do you think?
 What you say you go through the whole try and like with her and and he just shows that and say now I'll show you how quickly you can
 Shift this it's a point where it's like anyway
 It was crazy and then he shifts it and you start skidding her
 Taking her back through like shifting the physiology shifting your shoulders shifting your things shifting your meetings to different folks
 It's shifting she's saying and he gets this girl within three or four minutes
 To literally like ecstasy like it was crazy watching this and you see her where she's laughing and crying like the opposite side of it and
 I've never seen somebody like the flip of emotions how easy was by just shifting these three things in her and
 It had such a profound impact on me
 If not maybe the one I saw but he doesn't ever UPW
 He does it. I'm sure there's YouTube videos of as well
 But if you type the triad I think calls it triad or state control things like that you see it happen
 But I saw that I was like oh my gosh like I never realized the weak control over that
 My feelings were my feelings like here's your feeling like okay crap
 This is the feeling I have today and like after experience then I was like I could actually change this. I didn't know that
 and so um
 Instantially because I think sometimes when we're depressed or sad we we have these things like
 I think someone's like it like I've had ties before like I don't want to be happy
 Like I'm enjoying feeling miserable and I sometimes I sit in there because I enjoy it because like we do it's weird
 messed up but I feel them like this is like I could change this but I don't want to but other times I'm like
 I have to change it now that I've learned that like you can
 It's crazy. You can shift your state and you can do that and and show up the way you need to be and one they know one
 One practical example if I use the law is like when I get home at the end and I
 And this kind of comes back to your question. I think earlier too is like how do you do all the things is
 Um, and I told you this yesterday like one of my things that I got the biggest
 From being around Tony Robbins the most impressive thing about him is like when
 Tony's got as busy as any of us are take that times 10 and that's Tony, right?
 He's the most busy person ever but like if you have a chance a brief moment with Tony where like he's in his day a million things and you
 You have second with him
 Like he is the most present person I've ever had the world
 Dissolves around it. It's just him and you and there's nothing else you can tell he's just like zoned in on you
 And it's just magical experience and as soon as it's done
 He's just gone. He's in the next thing but that that moment he's like hyper present
 And so for me when I'm doing things, it's like
 um, like when I get home at night the end of the day
 Park my car. I walk in and there's the door before I come to house
 And sometimes when I'm anxious and think about work and think about stuff. I'm stressed out
 I got the FBI sent me a letter today Taylor Shlift soon. I'm like, whatever the thing is
 And I'm like, oh, and then I'm like, I'm gonna walk to the door and like I can't do anything about it now
 My kids have never watched there and it's just like, okay
 I changed my state and like right there before I walk to the door. I changed my state
 Getting the spot and I'm like, okay, here we go
 And I walk to the door and it's like and I'm dad
 And it's different, right?
 And so I think it's it's learning those things because it's like it's not
 Your feelings are weird that they're gonna show up in one way or the other and but the fact you can control
 Which I didn't understand or know how but something I realized that it's just like I don't have to be sad or miserable
 anxious whatever I can actually change those things in a moment if I understand how
 And that was like one of the greatest gifts Tony gave me was just understanding how to do that and sing it and practical
 Application with somebody and now it's like I can do it myself anytime I need to if I need to how do you act around Tony robin
 Especially from the beginning to now because your guys are getting you guys are close now
 Like he probably looks at you like I look at a lot of these guys that are Caleb's friends
 I look at him like like nephews like these are these are these are like I do anything for them
 And I know that I can see that's how Tony's starting to look at you
 But take us from the very
 First time because didn't he like have you come to an event ask you a bunch of questions
 Take notes and just leave you hanging or something like tell the story real quick
 Oh man, Tony's so intense. I still get scared. Yeah, it's still like
 Anyway, it's every time I see him. It's just like
 I don't know. It's weird his presence is still makes you nervous. Oh, yeah for sure the very first time so
 Yeah, it was
 I don't know even it's quite foreign. We're here. I don't even know so the long the shorter version of the long story is
 Ask me to speak come meet him in Toronto at upw same event that this whole experience happens. I went up there
 and
 This is me in one day and it's just the next day and if you ever work with Tony just know that I killed
 If you tell he's meeting you at 10, it could be like four days later. You actually meet like it's it's your Tony time like
 Yeah, it's it's great. Yeah, he's waiting. It's always worth it. So you just wait and
 Be grateful when it happens. But anyway, so we finally get the point where
 We meet and I drive like 45 minutes
 This is pretty uber some attacks
 He's in some weird hotel and we get there and then me and his assistant sat aside for another hour like waiting in the lobby till
 He kept looking at his phone nervous like, uh, it's like, okay, mr. Robin's ready to meet you
 Let's go so we're rump stairs to go this thing we walk in this room and his body guards everywhere first time I know
 Yeah, he's like good ji comes gonna be huge hug and then we sit down and
 and
 He's like you hungry. I'm like yeah, and he was vegetarian at times like get Russell some food and brought me out
 That's amazing plate of I don't know what it was but it was
 I think if if I could get a seven out of your vegetarian because it was amazing like it was insane
 And then he got his tape record guys. Are you okay if we record this?
 Well, yes, click record picks out a big journal. He's like you're Mormon, right?
 I'm like, yeah, he's like I love the Mormon people when I was eight years old
 I went to Mormon church and um, they told me to keep a journal
 I've kept a journal ever since you might have to take notes what we talk wow
 Okay, so he's recording taking notes and they drove me for an hour. She's like do do do do do do do this like
 This is 13 14 years ago
 Anyway, it was intense and like I remember I was saying I was so scared
 I'm like second-guessing everything I said and they're like he's asking me numbers and stats because we were trying to do this deal with him
 And it was so scary and he was just drawing you with questions and just trying crazy. Yeah, I'm trying to like just
 Yeah, dude anyway, it was crazy and then he had to go back to UPW speak again
 So he's like gonna drive with me. So I'm like, yeah, so we're gonna jump this escalate together in the back seat
 And we're driving and it's just crazy and I remember you asked me a question about this one
 I would say the person's name because the story is
 Isn't it positive for the person but he asked like what do you think about so-and-so?
 I'm like, ah person's really cool and really talented. He's like
 Um, he's very significant strip and we he just talked about six human needs earlier that day
 So I was very aware like here's where the needs are right and he's like, yeah
 I don't think it had worked him because he's a very significant striven and I was like, oh that makes sense and all of a sudden it's like
 Tony is like reading my soul right now. I was like
 What drives me? I don't even know what drives me. Does he know what drives me like?
 Oh my gosh. Am I significant striven? I'm like freaking out like oh and all members like panicking thinking like he knows more about me
 Than I know about me at this point like all these things are freaking out. We're driving this escalate
 And we get to get to the thing and he's like I can go inside. Thank you so much, brother
 I love you jumps our car shuts the door and see the escalate like what just happened like that fact
 It was insane. Yeah, and then the guy the guy the driver's like do you already get out here do I drive you somewhere like
 I don't know where we are like
 We're in Toronto somewhere. That's all I know and so I know just it was just the craziest experience
 And then I hear from him for like four or five months like nothing
 You're like what were you thinking?
 I was like he must have hated me but I felled the test my significance driven like I'm freaking out like all the things
 And then one day I get this random
 It was actually my wife that was celebrating our anniversary
 So we're at it was a stomping at event
 We were but we like took her it was this cool thing and and she just got upw
 Said him like her son like three months later. So she walked on fire
 She was like and Tony talks about Fiji there. So like she was like something we should go to Fiji and and we get this call
 From Tony and it's like hey earth Tony's system like hey Tony wants to know if you want to speak a business mastery and Fiji
 in two weeks I was like
 And as a he wants 20 Rob as I'm saying out loud so click here me Tony Robins wants to speak in Fiji in two weeks
 And collect my cute little wife starts jumping on the bed. They say yes
 I was like, yeah, she has of course we will and then and then we're like
 We've got three kids that are all like toddlers this time and like queer many kids are like there's no kids loud and resort like
 We've got three little kids like
 Um, he's like, uh, all right. We'll figure it out. It's been hanging up in the right
 We're gonna pass porch for the kids. We're not many things anyway. It was chaos. We're freaking out. We didn't get in there
 They literally built a fence around our uh, the boulehouse was down at the boulehouse. We didn't they built the whole fence around so our kids wouldn't die
 Because there's like clips off the back. Um
 Yeah, it was crazy and then like I'm speaking this room and like there's like less than 100 people
 I'm speaking and Tony sitting in the back of this room. I'm like, why are you speaking?
 I thought you was not gonna be here. Like this is really scary. Yeah, and he's like paying attention to the whole thing
 He introduced me like he brought me on stage, which was like I sold the footage of that. It's really cool
 You brought me on stage, which was crazy and then um, I remember because in the thing
 We're talking about lead generation. I'm talking about squeeze pages and afterwards he got on
 He kind of afterwards. He's like, yeah, I heard squeeze pages don't work anymore
 Is that true Russell? He's like people said they're kind of dead. They don't work anymore
 And this is again 12 years ago. I was like who told you that like they they totally still work
 Which is funny because we still use them today
 But it was just like somebody told me they didn't work anymore and I was like no they like they anyway they work I promise
 but anyway, then I thought you're from five years and then somebody else happened
 It's just like weird like these like long extended periods of time
 and then
 just
 But then every time like every moment, um, I tried like it wasn't like those five years later was a call
 I was like hey Tony's doing the thing he wants your opinion on it
 So I spent like two or three hours of this team like consulting in feedback as much as I did like good and like cool
 Thanks and then nothing for like two years and then something else and then you just kept like little things get happening and happening and
 Give me more and more together and then what do you learn from that? What do you what's
 Couple things I've learned number one. I'm sure you guys get this a lot like
 Um people who wanted who want to work with you
 They show up and the first thing they show up is like
 All right, I got to do how we can make a bunch of money together, right?
 They always why I come in like one if you have they can take from you and I was so scared and and grateful like a pre I
 Didn't ever ask for anything first time asked for anything ever was 12 vision in our relationship after extra secrets book was done
 I had just paid them 250,000 hours to speak on our stage and just finished an interview promoting his book
 And I was like, yeah, I wrote a new book
 Wow, he's like, oh, you took it. Am I cool? And then like a week later make
 We we you interview me on Facebook with this he's like sure
 And then he did and that video got like three and a half million views on it was crazy
 Cool thing ever but like it was 12 years before asking for anything and I had served him as many points as I can
 I think the biggest lesson from that is that and I get all the time people come to me
 It's like they're trying to ask and take it's just like I get it and like it makes sense
 But it's just like
 Like this is this game is not a short game
 This is like this is if you do it right, it's your life
 Like this is your life mission, right?
 And so it's just like
 It's like understanding like your planning season or serving and if you do that like eventually good things will happen
 And something may never happen with Tony and that's cool
 I just have a lot of people nothing ever good ever comes from it, but like hopefully something does sometimes interacts sometimes
 It's not something that's just calm or whatever you believe in but um if you just
 I don't know just always go with intent to serve not like what's in for me
 It just changes everything and then if you do that if you lead with like what like how to serve like what like stuff comes back to you
 But if you leave it like trying to get stuff it just doesn't work like even for the energy is different in the whole
 Encourating what I mean
 Um, I'm sure you guys felt out people and they
 The first come to you and it's just like, ah
 So this is is there a point where you like
 Like you went to his house
 That was cool
 The thing I can't say is it was really cool because
 um
 Most times around Tony is around you know, you're around people and in feed you was fun
 Same because he's you know more personal stuff like that
 But it was really special in his home because it was him and his wife and it was just like
 It was it was cool. Like it was it was fun
 Yeah, I've just seen him that and like seen him as him like as a kid and
 You know my wife's like he seemed like a kid here
 I could say he was so excited and like showing his stuff and all the things
 Well guys listen a few more questions because I mean man you've been at it for almost two hours
 Dude, I could go all night and I know he could but
 Three more so give it up for
 Hey, ready this rustle again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now i'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering
 Questions um through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over you text is
 208-231-379-07
 Once again, it's 208-231-379-07
 When you text me just say hello and then what's going to happen is i'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this text and communities where i'm going to be giving you out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 I'll let you know about book signings about times i'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-379-07
 One more time that's 208-231-379-07 I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
