 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast.
 Today I want to introduce you to the exciting conclusion of our world changers
 Roundtable podcast. This has been the last three episodes you've had chance to listen to them behind the scenes as
 Matmatics and Sun Caleb and a bunch of amazing people
 Asked us a ton of questions. I hope you've been enjoying them now as I told you guys earlier this this interview went for almost four hours
 This next episode is about 45 minutes or so long actually technically 43 minutes
 And for most part the interview is great except for I think that by that time of night the batteries and the microphone started dying
 And so towards the end some of the audio is not as clear as possible
 So yet two choices number one is listen to it and be like, oh, it's all right
 Number two when you get to the bad audio just skip the next podcast
 But there's some really cool stuff that happens for that time
 So I didn't want to just cut it out because I thought it was it's just really good stuff. Thank you're gonna enjoy so
 something to talk about on this
 episode is my morning routine like what does that look like how do I do it?
 How do I shift it around?
 Another one is I talk about my mission a lot of you guys know I serve a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
 I spent two years in Jersey knocking doors and they talk about what I learned from that and like the experiences and things like that
 I always spend a lot of times talking about operation underground railroad and
 How I got involved in some of the inspiration that came that led me down the direction we did with that
 I talked about Tim Ballard and some of the you know
 he has to deal with as running operation on a railroad and how people are fighting against him and and
 The amazing machine his he's doing and how you'll see them out of what mission you're trying to accomplish
 Satan and the adversary always trying to fight you against it as well and we talk about how the fact that as you're publishing and you're sharing
 One of my big beliefs that's come some scriptures that your sheep will hear your voice
 And so it's just it's a there's a lot of cool things in steps
 We also talk about winning the devil towards the end and then we talked about some of the experiences feeding the homeless and the kids and
 Watch other stuff. So anyway, I hope you enjoyed this episode
 I apologize to some of the audio cuts out at the end, but you know battery life
 We should be upset of the people who make Matt
 Lab by lav mic batteries because they're the ones whose batteries died. No, just joking
 But for the most part, hopefully you have a chance to hear it and get some good value from it again
 I hope you enjoyed this
 this
 Series we had so much fun doing the interview and hopefully you got a ton of value for for you and for your family
 And let me know if you want more of this kind of stuff
 This is different than my traditional marketing secrets podcast
 But hopefully you loved it if you did as known we'll continue to make more content like this as well
 That said we're in cute theme song. We'll jump jump into
 For a four of the world changers podcast interview
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain
 profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 I just want to know like your daily routine
 Spiritual side right yeah, just tapping into that more of the importance of that and yeah in the morning
 Yeah, for me, it's your question. It's weird because
 Like one of my close buddies
 He's morning routine is like four hours long. He literally said it to me. I was like oh my gosh
 But he has no kids right so it's tough because I got five kids so like
 By seven o'clock like it's on like it's all my donkey Kong. It's crazy. It's like kids and food
 And you know so it's like if I'm more routine it has to happen before seven or if it doesn't happen, right?
 so
 and so
 It depends I go through different cycles sometimes like if I'm writing I'll get up at five because that's like really good times
 Like five till seven I'm writing if I'm not writing usually closer to six and that's time where I'm I'm reading it
 I'm not I've never gotten a meditation, but I do read
 Scriptures I read things. I know I I want to I've never had I've never had I need someone to give me a meditation experience
 It's like magical, you know me like I've tried before like I get the apps or whatever and I'm like I feel loud whatever so I
 would love to like
 Yeah, I would love to like go to like go somewhere have like a really committed. I just never had one yet
 So I'm it's not part of what I do yet, but
 And I I take a lot of supplements like after my you know nighttime
 I try to put as much supplements into my body possible a lot. I can show you the list. There's a lot
 Well, we do know that protein ice cream is one of them
 And to the committee tell me why I think he's cool. I've done blood tests about that to shift things
 I really watch study lots things that try things testing see what what helps or doesn't so
 I like I like having just supplements my body from the from like morning till noon just because I
 Don't know I feel like it's just absorbing all the amazing us, you know from that and then seven o'clock hits and that's when it's just like
 Alright from seven till
 About 8 30. It's like getting kids ready driving kids to school. My kids make four different schools
 So here did it back and forth all sorts of stuff. Yeah, I love it. We do like I love driving to school
 It's my favorite part because it's like
 Anyway, that's my yeah, I fight to drive them. It's like
 But sometimes I could bring their friends with them
 So I hear them talk with their friends and it's just like it's just like a cool time
 I get single school and like I don't know they're so cute they jump out and they try to be all cool when they walk in
 I don't know
 Yeah, and I try getting a good state try listening use it cuz like school is horrible like I don't know about I
 Hate a school and I know about send it's like thing
 I hated the most I'm like I need to get them in a good state like this is the news that the top
 I think what do most decide about after school and like trying to like give them something so when they send them to like
 Yeah, and then and so right now some train I'm wrestling right I would turn it next weekend. I'm wrestling and so
 I'll send you the footage afterwards
 We did a private Facebook group
 We're filming it if I do alright
 I'll show you guys but so right now so at 830 at home and then my where my wrestling buddy shows up
 So from 839 to re-rest them to beat the crap out of each other
 Which is like awesome when we weren't wrestling was lifting and stuff like that and then
 From then I got like all my focus times done
 implementation kid time workout and then I go to the office and that's where my team times there
 So I got team that's where we'll be building stuff with a lot of people and
 Usually see eight to nine thirty spike 10 10 10 30. I'll show up a lot of them show up
 That's when we're doing more stuff together six. It just depends on
 He's got crazy ideas and wants to stay later or whatever
 But yeah, I use that and then I get home and I try to be try to play dad for
 From then till about nine try you take it the young kids bed by nine and then the older kids are a little later
 the nine till like
 We pass on my wife get a nice catch some time together. So you're on Sundays. I'm not really I
 Have a church calling so I do I do a lot of social media missionary work and generate leads for the church and stuff
 So I do that on Sunday, but it's all focused on you did the tree star
 Yeah, New Jersey
 Amazing it was a great experience my life knocking
 I was telling you guys yesterday's like the typically in someone's life
 It's the most selfish time your life 19 years old like what do most 19 year olds do like to think about yourself and you're you know
 Yeah, it's like you literally are taken from that you shipped across the country across the world
 They get rid of your name. You no longer rustling. I became elder elder Bronson
 Why sure why tie? Yeah, no, I'm not no there anymore
 I'm not no there anymore. Yeah, I got really but yeah, and like there's no dating. There's no
 There's no calling home. There's no that stuff
 So you're like you're in a spot where you can't do anything for yourself for two years
 You can only serve other people and most people are angry about angry at you for even doing it
 And so it's like just a really cool experience where it's not about you for two years and imagine like the ship that makes
 For your life where now it's like you come back and
 it's like
 Anyway, it's it's it changed it shipped everything like there's like he was saying to us if you can
 Did the best training is gospel work man is out there talking to people about Jesus
 Real pitch, but this is like bait. I mean think about it
 You knock on their door you're like alright
 This is the deal if you give up alcohol tobacco coffee tea or premarital extra marital sex and 10% of you come through rest
 Your life you may get salvation if you don't screw up like that's the offer
 Damn so you get home from that and you're like I gotta sell software
 I got so cut code knives like so like pestrel it's super easy every that's why all door door salesman
 Remorments are like like all the companies recruit out of Utah like
 All almost all network market companies found by Mormons like we love selling like it's you get home
 It's like I can use these powers for evil. This is amazing. You know, it's just it's it's awesome
 Alcohol tobacco coffee tea all premarital and extra marital sex
 Extra like other partners. You have sex to your wife like one and tell them said you're income for the rest of your life
 And then you may make it if you screw up
 You may get salvation if you don't screw up
 But that's the offer. Yeah, give up all those things
 Important problem not being solved today or you think needs more more attention good question
 Now it's we'll leave I love to end on human trafficking. I was gonna I literally go human trafficking is I
 Mean, how do you how do you I can't even think worse than that? You know, I mean like I see I share your experiences
 with
 Operation underground just some of the behind the scenes whatever you can and just some of the stories you've heard and just kind of like
 Why you got into it, you know, yeah, it's um
 That organization's amazing Tim Ballard is
 Like an angel, I don't know yeah
 And I feel tough I feel bad for him because he's in a spot where
 Literally Satan is trying to destroy him
 So he he is giving his life his blood is sweat his tears like literally putting his life online every single day and you have
 good intention people from around world trying to destroy him and so it's like can you imagine that like you're going into the
 deepest darkest parts of hell and trying to save little children and
 And that's not the scariest thing you get people tacking you and your character and your family and your life like it's
 Like there's a special place to happen for him. He's an amazing human
 And so that's what I lead with but then man
 It is there so like just it's been it's been cool being on this journey like just because I
 believe the miracles before but like the stories like when you hear them coming back from these raids and these missions and the
 Miracles that happen consistently over and over and over again. It's just like
 they're
 Like all it says in the scriptures all things to note that there's a god and you see these things consistently happening. It's like there's not
 the like
 God's hand is in it like it just might like the way I got involved in this whole like
 It's crazy because I told you I've got a call one day for somebody to ask maybe part of it and
 I was like yeah, I'd love to help and so the first thing it is like
 You know my ego is like oh, I know how to I know how to solve this problem
 So I'm like okay, we're gonna build a fun
 We napped out his whole thing and I'm supposed to go to Utah to present this to all the guys and you know
 I'm totally like in my you know trying to serve but also at the same time like I don't know how to do this
 Like this is my thing. Yeah, and and I didn't ask God for advice or opinion. I was just like
 Got it like I'm here. I'm gonna do the same and it's crazy the dance was be driving to Utah
 That morning in the shower and it says uneasy feeling like
 First of my god my nervous. I'm nervous obviously I'm gonna be presenting this like but they don't like it
 Whatever, but it was more than that. I was just like like something's not
 I don't know something's just not quite quite right. So finally like I broke down and prayed like
 I'm presenting this to these guys like is this the right thing? Would you have me something different like and?
 I don't know if you guys have felt like inspiration from God before whatever it is is weird and powerful like in that moment
 It was just like it literally was just like that's not what you're supposed to do
 I'm like what and it's like you're supposed to be building a documentary and Nick Nanton's gonna help you film it
 And I was like Nick Nanton like I met the guy once six years earlier in passing at a genius network event
 Maybe said three words to him. I was like I don't know if he knows who I am and
 So I'm sitting there. I'm really just got a shower my towels on I was like Nick
 like
 So I find Facebook
 I'm like I don't even for Facebook friends and we were so I was like some audio and we came in
 I don't know if you know who I am or not, but like we met one time. I know you're documenting. You're really good at it
 So this is crazy, but I don't know if you believe in God or whatever but I just have some pressure
 I'm going down today to Utah to present this thing
 Operation of the railroad. I don't know if you've heard of it
 You should go look it up, but I had a very very distinct impression that you were supposed to film a documentary for these guys
 It's gonna change it's gonna save a bunch of kids
 Do you want to help?
 And that was the message I sent it and I was like oh so start getting dressed and then I come back with mint
 Laid on the phone and there's a message back from him. He's like he's like dude. I slipped it up
 He's like I don't know what this is but he's like he's like if you'll cover my the hard cost for my team to produce this
 I'll do everything else for free. I won't take any royalties any extra like I'm 100% in wow and I was like
 Okay, and then I called Jake my designer like can you make a DVD cover of a of a movie because we're not
 Pitching movie instead of all it could be designed all here's the fun like we're not doing any of that like so they're designing stuff
 It's crazy. Yeah, so we're driving down to Utah
 Anyway, we present it to these guy and it's just crazy presented. We filled the spirit like it's super powerful
 And then it's like then we gotta make a documentary like so Nick Nanton sinks these guys and like
 So many miracles on this journey. It's crazy. So like they were trying to go they want to go to Haiti because
 It gets in it gets all seen the operation to say documentary. Yes. Okay, if you haven't like make like it'll it'll change your your life forever
 It's about this is the stories. So you say it?
 it's it's the whole operation around road story and
 the main the main
 stories about this this
 This little kid named Gardi who was stolen from his it was actually church. He was church his dad was the bishop of the church and
 his dad actually owned a business and the and the
 He had fired one of his employees and his employees came to church and knew the kids like oh come here and like to get back
 It his dad for a fire him takes him out and gives him some people
 like just to mess with them and the people were traffickers to the kid off ship him out and
 Anyway crazy anyway, there's so many stories I could tell you but
 anyways, they went down to go interview guests no Marty who's the father because
 That's all the operation around started because this the family this kid
 So they go down to interview him and as they're interviewing him a year earlier Tony Robbins actually went on a sting operation with them to Haiti
 I don't know much about it. I just know that he I saw a picture of him
 He's undercover he had a beard on he was in a boat
 So Tony was the thing they they rest always trafficked on Super Bowl Sunday rest always traffickers
 And like three months later the government
 No, it was a super Sunday Tony was in the boat arresting all with with him those guys resting on people and
 Anyway, so they rest always people Tony was there was amazing
 But there's so much corruption the Haitian government so that they paid off the people and they let them all go
 And so what's crazy? So they're trying to recapture these people all sorts of stuff and so
 Anyway, so long story short
 Nick Nann is he fly down to go interview the guests no Marty so fly down to interview guests no Marty and they're sitting there
 interviewing him and all of a sudden Tim gets this thing like we found the
 The head lady of the broth that we've located we know Zachary Chapman or all the girls are at like they refound the people from when Tony did the rest and
 And so Nick's here filming this testimonial video and they're like we're gonna rest her tonight
 Do you want to do want to be part of it?
 And he's like what and so they get the cameras out and everything and
 Nick's like undercover like this whole team like a bunch of videographers just showed up now
 they're like undercover and bulletproof vest and
 so many so crazy anyway, they're going they go to
 They they're going to rest as we have all the footage if you see the document you see all the footage of the stuff
 They just happen to they were not planning capturing any of the rest or anything that just happened because they were there
 And one of the really cool stories that Tim told me is that as they were pulling up to go arrest or they're pulling up in the minivan
 And they've got you know go pro took everything there they're filming stuff and and this guy was like
 I need to go pro on my helmet and they're like we're jumping on the car like 30 seconds to rest of these guys like you have
 To learn right now like I just I'm feeling you have to put in the GoPro on my helmet
 They do they could oftentimes find like fine
 So they like strap out like they duct tape a GoPro on a thing clip record and they go jump out of the end
 They rest this girl and what happened in the rest they rest the girl
 and
 As they're resting them they they find her that she's the the kingpin of the whole thing right?
 They rest her some of the people around they don't know what the brothel is and this guy looks over
 He sees this little kid like looking at a door and then he like goes back in and like oh
 That's her brothel. So
 He runs over there comes in to the brothel and walks in and finds all of these these men raping kids
 Like in the thing in the act and so people start jumping up and running out and he's like we're trying to capture people
 they all they all escape and
 And it comes out of the thing is like like we found the brothel by missing all the people and there's this horrible thing
 And Tim walks over and looks up. He's like
 They do look your helmet and the GoPro's they're flashing and they video through like you walked in inside every single traffic
 There's faces you rock around the thing and things you have the things they were going they were able to rest them and like
 So many crazy experiences like that that happened in every single way like crazy like just insane things
 Everything comes back. I talked to him. I tell me another story. He tells you stories
 It's just like there's so many miracles that happen just on these journeys and these missions that that are it's just crazy
 so anyway, it's it's it's powerful and it's it's
 It's the I don't know. It's like the plague of our of our lifetimes that we got to figure out how to
 How to solve and I was telling Kayla Matt
 We had a big project working on called the save a child challenge when we're rolling out soon that I think it's gonna be
 This is
 Anyway, I love this it's gonna be it's gonna be big
 We're gonna be trying to do but it's trying to shine a huge light on this problem and we may roll out fun hiking
 I made it and we'll go out with spiritually when you start getting involved in this
 You were talking to you with us a little bit yesterday
 Um, what's which is some spiritual wisdom because it is it's you know
 I always say new levels new devils, but that's a territory that as you know, I mean
 When you start getting in that that's like Satan's number one playground that to me
 That's like the whole reason we're going through what we're going through right now
 It's because of the fight over the purity of our children and the future so like
 What have you seen Tim go through or whoever involved? I know you've had some stories too, man
 What are some things that you've seen and then what's your advice to people that get involved or want to get involved?
 Maybe tell a few stories
 I think what would be the right ones
 It's it's weird like
 Like a lot of people who who've gotten involved in the organization they get involved I think initially for pure reasons
 And then things happen like initially that they actually filmed the whole documentary and documented series before we started working with them
 And the people capture all this footage and then like they went insane like it's it's like
 Just just crazy wouldn't give the footage where like wanted money and all these things
 It's just like it's like we went to Tim like the biggest thing is like Nick Nanton was like
 There's no money this for me at all like this is at cost. It's a pro bono
 This is everything you want on the rights. You can do everyone with it
 We're the same way we came in like we're doing this like there's no like I want to make sure there's no way
 That I could ever make money off of this. I don't want any like and I think
 It's like I don't know people going these things like looking for like how can we make money on this and and it's
 It's just crazy like it's it's insane like there is
 I can't fathom it, but it's just it's crazy and since I've been around them
 I've seen it happen four or five times people come under and somebody have good intentions
 They come to do something and then they like it's just it's crazy
 I can fathom it and then it's like it's funny because I've watched him like he's been so protective of funds like he's
 He's like he looks like he's a guard even money that people come in right like this is sacred stewardship for him
 and it's
 So much like their family like literally lives in poverty like we chipped in and bought them help by them
 The van because they brought home to Haitian kids they adopted like they needed a bigger car and like he writes books to be able to fund
 He just takes zero is this get zero salary from all you are he also became the head of the Nazarene fund for Glenn Beck
 You can see over the Nazarene funds. We've running these huge charities your organizations gets zero dollar salary
 But he writes these books to so his family can eat right he does these different things and so you got people come in like
 Oh, he's just doing this to sell his books all these things just like
 Literally, I'm trying to feed my family and I'm working for free saving
 Thousands of kids and just like crazy
 It's you see people attacking him and like it's like in Utah's on the news like oh, you know
 Like it's just insane to me. It's like it's like the more pure the more like the more good you're trying to do
 It's like swimming up straight and so it's like man. We need
 More of us people like us who love who understand who care who who are on the same mission to help support and help push because I
 Can't imagine sort of that stream I'm by myself, you know, I mean
 Stay out of it and keep because once you get dug into that I
 Just thinking about it. Just makes me sick
 No, there's so many ways and we'll talk about it after but there's just it's with Tim
 Here's what's crazy is we worked with OE you are and things that we did out here and
 It's crazy how I heard stories about Tim that people make up stories about how he's just the person and he's involved in this and he's in
 And you're like well how sick and you're talking about satanic like where people take somebody doing something
 So beautiful and you start hearing like this person's involved in this and somebody says something about me
 And then I got one of the most powerful people in Arizona making a comment about me and you're just like
 Did you this is say like you're doing good this guy's doing good. He sacrifices put himself in harm's ways and it's disgusting
 And it's you know, I was once asked by a reporter
 They said they're trying to make me out to be conspiracy there. It's about child sex trafficking
 Of course, it was never anything good and they go do you think anybody higher helps involved?
 And I said really?
 If you and I don't pay our taxes, did they send us a letter they show up at our door iris? Yeah
 I said, how does 150 billion dollar industry go on text?
 And he was just like
 Okay, and he changed a little topic the reporter didn't want to report on that
 And then and then they attack they attack they attacked and from our rallies that we did last year with along with all you
 Are worked hand-in-hand with them love amazing? I had one of the guys from the dream center one of the largest rehab centers come up to me
 Just the other week. I met him at an event and he said Adele. I know who you are and I was like really?
 He's like guys like you have no idea
 Just from doing what you guys did the amount of money that was donated to our
 Our center I said really because they were writing how bad we were for raising awareness about child sex trafficking
 He said man, we could have spent millions of dollars on marketing and we drawn so much money
 He's like I have to take you out. I said don't want you to take me
 I said thank God as he just made my night man
 That's the best thing I've ever heard it just and he was like no you have no idea
 I seriously can't even tell you how much money brought in he's like mama's miracle movements are named all his people
 I was like guys like they changed everything so it's my point being is it's easier not to get involved with child sex trafficking because
 You get in there and you start?
 One day before rally we had my one of my family members got exploited on social media and it's crazy because it had never happened
 And as you're doing a rally thousands of people showing up raising money doing this and that
 Next you don't happen somebody my family and I get a message
 Yeah, he packs the rallies here y'all you need to go to one of his rallies. They're powerful
 It's tea but God bless you man for fighting with them and doing everything cuz that's
 You know that's we're doing God's work at the end of the day. That's all we're gonna do so
 Yeah, and it's exciting to see other people involved, you know young men out there
 So what what grabbed your heart on it like what was the initial like I'm gonna do something? I'm not just gonna stand back
 I didn't know about it like
 And like we want to give all the kind of explain a little bit and so that not I remember
 And I remember going online and reading about it and watching some videos and stuff and I was like oh my gosh like I
 Had no idea that Eddie this was happening and
 How can you not after you you know
 I remember that I was vlogging I said something I was like
 I'm pretty sure that like this is gonna change the direction of life forever like I did you feel that yeah
 It's just like I like
 How can you not like?
 Your kid was taken what would you do? Oh?
 like I can't imagine that like I
 Did someone said something mean to my kids? I'm ready to go like blow up the school, you know
 I mean do you think it's gonna come to a point where I agree do you think it's gonna come to
 The world has to shut down until we find these kids like in other words crisis coming in yeah, I mean honestly
 Yeah, tell you comes again
 Do it our best until
 Anyway, but I'm talking about life where I'm talking about shut not talking about where we all say you know
 how like if a child comes up missing everybody in the community will like come together to where we say okay for the next 30 days like
 every veteran every you know every
 person that believes in children in our future
 we're like gonna use every ounce of like energy and focus to like find these children because
 There's got to be a way
 There's got to be a way isn't there or they just
 Locked up or they just is it just too hard?
 I don't know the most of it
 It's tough because they don't like that's my big fear initially I got involved with Tim
 I just like or someone is still my kid and he's like it doesn't he's like this thought how it works
 He's like it happens sometimes because like the traffic
 You don't want to pick a high profile person with a bunch of money is gonna come search you and take you out
 Right he's like the kids they split because they take it ones don't have parents the parents don't have money
 They don't have the resources like they can take them. There's not implications because they just want to sell the kid they make the money
 Selling their product, right? So it's like they're not looking for
 They're trying to you know the people that go after people that don't have a voice
 They can't fight back and say that's where a lot of that stuff's happening
 And it's the the Americans who are flying to different places different countries to where they can
 Yeah, that's what's messed up like the Americans the ones who are there
 Thank you ever go on a mission or choose we're we're planning on going like
 I was going on this year with them and then COVID hit and I've been nervous
 That's things like I can't like you watch it on film and it's horrible. I can't imagine like
 seeing the kids or like I
 Don't know but same time like you look at the work of village impact like we donated money village impact and then when I went there and and like
 Experienced it like a change man, then it became part of me
 You know I mean so it probably wants to do that because I feel like me to to be able to help next level like it has to
 See it. Yeah, you have to get to sit in the pain to be able to
 figure out solution
 It's the heart of that is so I think I will at some point
 Speaking of Atlas that's by one of the things where Atlas I felt that yeah, I know I did yeah
 And you I mean and I just want to you know
 Where you feel like you said you feel like you could do so much and then you look at your meet
 Yaquabooians and it really is he was on the White House sex traffic council. He read his
 Sister was rescued and he rescued her after 26 years or something. Oh something crazy
 Great guy, but he's been fighting for a long time
 I remember when we first first got into it. He's just like man
 You can literally want to do everything
 But he's like you just have to focus on some part because there's so much to this
 You know and I don't know
 Did you feel that too as being involved?
 You feel like you're so powerful in the line things you can do like you talk about inspiring entrepreneurs, but how does it feel despite?
 What do you think what's happening like, you know, two million children are dying?
 It's like I think it's a when I met or you are they help thousand give me that before think about that
 Amazing
 It does so there's too still too many
 I really love how you're so open about your faith and it's really something that's evident in everything you do
 So I just wanted to ask where that really comes from
 in your life
 Couple things one I did quite
 Yeah, I honestly it's true. So yeah, that's important
 number two I feel like I don't acknowledge this hand and what's
 What's happening like? Yeah
 Like I as a father now, it's weird, but I think one of the reasons why God wasn't
 parents is because we get a little glimpse of
 Ourselves, you know, like I look at my kids. I give them everything in the world and like
 Made knowledge something that I do like means the world with don't it's just like it hurts and it's like I feel like if I don't
 acknowledge the gifts like our unique and guess you know the
 and big believer the like
 Like I think all of us like as we especially in this entrepreneurial, but no parts of life in the year
 It's like
 I've been looking for like the next step and the ideas and things like that
 It's not something like I'm remembering it's like
 Right, so it's like where's that going from? It's not my own like I never read a book that that said
 This was the path that showed up like the answers there. So it's like
 This coming from God, right?
 And I feel like God gives us ideas and then we're either a good steward of event is we're bad
 Like we take it and we do something with it that then he gives us more ideas, you know
 And if we do something again, they keep moving forward and it's just like I think you're acknowledging if we don't
 We're grateful for those things like I don't want to say this stuff. There's been a trouble. I can't do my mission, right?
 Yeah, and it's a mission he feels like it's all some say that's a big part of it
 Number two, I think that
 for me I
 Think more people want to talk about it
 They're not they're scared of it and I think when I do it then I think more people feel empowered to do it
 And then that's great because I think people should be
 A loss in you know there's so much negative talk people talk about every horrible thing on the world in the world
 And no one's talking about God like
 That's messed up. Yeah. God is the coolest conversation
 If I give other people permission to do it because I have that I'll tell you like I can't think you did that
 I'm gonna say something like good like big that's awesome. Like let me be the bad guy
 That's what it takes you know, like I'm okay with that
 And so there's some other things and I
 Don't know I think it's interesting because
 Like every time I do it they have post-ad related there's always there are some people like I
 Little message you's like
 Post-a-guard that's a hard out an hour something, you know, whatever like all right, but the majority is like
 The majority is like people like thank you even think like I don't say anything to do it. Thanks for thanks for
 Like it's cool that you wanted to show you know like it's it's it's rarely the negative
 It's been really positive. So the more I do it the more I the positive comes from I'm like, okay
 This is this is not a bad thing and you know and then the same thing
 I'm a big believer in this so
 Christ and I think the book of John said
 The my sheep will hear my voice right and they will follow me and I think that's true for in all our businesses
 right like like for me my sheep will hear my voice and the follow me right your sheep will hear like it's okay
 it's like if if I'm gonna speak and
 and
 Someone's offended by me doesn't listen. That's okay. Like they don't have to follow me. They're not my sheep, right?
 Like maybe they like Grand Car Don't go for it like that's your flavor go for it
 Like I'm not called to serve you like I'm called to serve these people and so if I'm not willing to like talk about the things
 They're important to me, you know, then
 Thanks my people aren't gonna hear me and so I think it's a it's a eternal principle that Christ taught
 You know and like he I mean a tons of people they crucified him
 They don't love him
 But he still shared the things and his sheep heard him right and they came to him and they followed him and like for all of us
 Like we've each been called to serve a group of people
 So it's like figuring out those people be you and your sheep will hear your voice and they'll come to you and
 Own it
 Of my beliefs. Thank you. What world changes you want to do something big?
 What is one question or one thing that we need to know that we didn't ask the feel like I miss the ball
 Maybe this is kind of talking about the card on my hair like it's probably some geeky out on this book right now
 It's like my favorite book, but if you read out winning the devil
 It's like literally one of the greatest books of all time
 You can talk about the backstory of it
 Here's the point and point Hill girl thinking girl rich girl thinking girl rich
 in
 1929 1930 you wrote this book called out winning the devil and it's a book where you literally
 Well, literally in the book. He has this conversation with the devil asking him like how do you get people?
 He calls them to like to become drifter so I follow it to not to not have success
 And what do you what are you doing? It's like he's got Satan like I could
 He's got the devil where he's like interviewing him
 I get a courtroom and the devil has to answer every question he has so he's asking these questions
 Like how do you what does it look like and is one of the most fascinating conversations of all time? It is it's like
 It's amazing. So it's crazy because he asked these questions and Satan's like devil literally says it's like 98% of the children met
 I control he's called them drifters who they say give people the drift and after they drift
 I'm gonna control my eye on it. It's only two percent of people
 Arm drifters. He said he calls people people about
 I'm doing my new clothes. Yeah, I'm a person. Yes. I've been in a purpose perfect
 So he talks about a thing to grow rich as well
 But in this it was deeper so only two percent of the world has been in a purpose
 They have a purpose moving forward it into the plan and the book's amazing because it's talking about
 Like here's all this right you got two options and it's fear in your state, right?
 So fear really uses to get us to become drifters like I'm afraid of being poor being
 I'm healthy all these things six fears uses to get somebody to shift and become a drifter
 right and then and
 90% of people are drifters right and 2% people who have
 And that's faith right as he talks about like in every situation you can take fear of faith right and fear makes us a drifter faith makes us
 To fit in a purpose. It's like that's the thing and so it's fear of faith
 And so every situation think about just like not to get political or social. What's this?
 Like code would like what's happening everyone comes it's like fear of faith like that's the option everyone has right?
 And if they take fear happens, but it's an all-assage right in marriage in a relationship in business
 They fear and faith is the thing right and every time you take fear you become a drifter and
 Take faith you move forward to finish a purpose
 You have a success and it's crazy to talk about all things
 He does to get people to shift into drifting and how he keeps them there and then and then the point he'll ask him
 He's like well if someone is definitive purpose like I'm a free from your control
 I mean the devil laughs he's like you know
 It's like soon as they're soon they defend their purpose
 They got all sorts of tools to give them to come and become drifters
 and one of those examples is that for example they make a bunch of money that fall on their path and then
 And I get them to go start anymore
 So they're successful the e-more they gain more weight
 They start getting unhealthy
 So I'm losing their desire and they shouldn't become drifters and I over again or they have too much money
 They can just sex or drugs or all these different things and all the things he uses to get people not a definitive purpose to become drifters
 And so like for me like I've been reading that
 I've read about like three or four times in the last couple months and then they've died
 Yeah, all the things like what are all the things that he uses to make people become drifters
 What are things that I need to do to become to be able to move a different purpose?
 And what are all the temptations uses because you go some all in the book
 It's insane and it's like so for me it's like okay. How do we
 How do we get ourselves to the spot where in every decision we
 Encounter we move the faith and offer. That's the thing it is it's
 It's cool. Yeah, it's what
 Staying hard back in the whole place realize I'm thinking and have a choice. Yeah, most of those the defaults here
 Right, right? Because you're in the past or the future. Yeah
 Anyway, so that means just like how we get ourselves online to the spot where we consciously should move before the faith and not
 Here at all and often to have to protect ourselves so that we are doing them having to fit a person moving forward
 We're trying to do more things. We're trying to do things. We don't slip back over as soon as you get some success
 I've still came with this identity. It's just like I've been doing this now
 18 19 years and the amount of people will know years that have had successes and craps
 Yeah, there's not many people that have been doing this as long as they because most of them they have a lot of success and then
 It's insane like I tell you hundreds and hundreds of people I've seen on this road who are
 Modeling same as I'm learning. I've ever successful and they're gone where are they at?
 So Russell it's your character
 Yeah, and consistently like
 Like not should be too late. I understand you like
 How do you not shit? How do you not quit right?
 How does someone go from you know, how's it have a business making millions of dollars a year and then they're
 They're broke enough like yeah, I'll skill such a little thing is right like how do you make what are the things that he's doing with it?
 They're keeping us from that right and he will sign we're not aware of it
 That's the best thing ever really keeps you aware of these are the things he's doing
 Yeah, well it turns you off Russell Bronson
 I said it's like we see that small bits in the room. I would open five minutes
 We would be successful
 There there there trying to make money they're really money there there's like a critical product work you got it. All right, I believe the same
 Like all times factors
 Get the random ones you
 But for the most part it's like
 Yeah, it's just I don't know I feel like
 It's such a gift like the our first personality type of me have it's like such a gift and you forget it for you or my
 Guys
 setting just think seriously for all the poor out
 You told me this was gonna be the best podcast in the river did this made by this
 It's not the best
 For sure
 I
 For an introvert this must took a lot of energy
 Maybe you're watching real quick describe just some next few minutes for believe like you're expanding
 Send the streets out the homeless with us and what was life your boys get to be around Caleb and all that just what was that last
 Yeah, those are no we probably might twins who I love them, but man, they've been having teenagers been
 Like the challenge a lot so far so much harder than this looks like try to figure this puzzle back
 I don't like I don't know if I had a foot here yet. So you guys are a shoe dog. Yeah, yeah
 In in the book one of his sons
 Hates of you know, it's like you talk about you like you refuse were Nike shoes younger reebox all
 I stuff and then later some 32 a died of scuba diving accident at the end of the book
 He finished his life story and he talks about the only regret he ever had in life
 Is he never figured out a puzzle of his son Wow and
 And that run read that I hit me like just
 Down specific was just like I had this kid. I love him like I remember praying and
 like everything went through to be able to get him here and then all the years grown up in his spot now
 I can't figure out I think I love him and I care about him. I wanted to and just like every hand tries
 He's like it pushes the opposite way and like trying to figure out his puzzle and so for me one super grateful just because
 Like I saw down light of so much around you Caleb. I get no idea how much
 Like internally I I am grateful to you for that
 soon bowling my son who's you know, it's really more awkward and nervous and seeing him light up and
 Trying to hypnotize people
 He told me he's like he's like I think that
 I'm literally a better person because this trip is all your fault and I
 anyway, so it was just especially because like of all the like I say this almost certainly speak like no success and
 Comm State for failure at home and like at times I'm like I'm feeling the home
 I don't want to do that. I can't figure out. It's like I've tried well. I'm going through every parent or everything
 I'm just like this
 Just perplexed, you know the point where I just want to go hide the office. I'm like I can this is so easy as to do this like and
 Anyway, I feel like just the last two days for me has been like I
 Think you're like looking on my shoulder and like helping me puzzle pieces around okay, this is
 Can't feel like there's hope again, you know, it's
 Made so grateful for that. I think for them. It was really cool for them to see
 I thought I thought their experience was gonna be more like oh my gosh
 I can't go homeless, but it was it was different. I thought and it could yeah like but one
 I was like after with first night
 I'm kind of walking away. I was like how's it been for you like thinking he was gonna be like oh, it's pretty
 He's like so cool that I would give everyone here a hug. Oh, I was like
 I think it's so scary like intense, you know, whatever, but I think it was the opposite and
 Down saying the down was a little more fight about it, but you can see him like, you know
 It was special so
 Yeah, that was that for from the kids side and for my personal side it was just
 You know, I think the last time I experienced something like this was on my mission 20 years ago
 I was in Jersey knocking doors and spent time in Camden and some of these areas were similar to this and it was just
 It was I haven't done that for about back some for that
 Yeah, I knew some knock on doors and go talk to people and spent you know, you know
 bringing Jesus to drunk people all the time
 There's like so much fun and and I forgot like that was the closest experience that again
 I was just like I forgot how much like I love that part like yeah
 I'm hoping for down because I went down bones and they go on missions and they were so scared of them
 I was like almost play like that's what we did for two years like it was it was that kind of stuff and talking about God as people and like trying to
 try to share your beliefs and it was just
 Anyway, so it's kind of a
 I like these are do a little bit of you know, what am I happy something like?
 Anyway, yeah, thank you for that guys. I'll say this real quick. I've I tell you I've met all the social media
 This is the most real one out there study my total chaos like listen
 You study Russell the old term do what Russell says. It's not a joke
 Study this man right here because he's good Bible talks about there was a man sent from God
 he sent from God for this generation and
 You guys getting to be here is very special. So cherish this and thank you man
 You're you did you change my life as a dad as a man
 I'll never be the same just these last two days with you man
 Just your example just just the way you let your life shine just your wisdom the way you carry yourself
 Your humility your kindness just is such an inspiration to see it's refreshing to see
 And that's something I've always cherished as a dad
 because I don't like a lot of the fake that I see and
 Chase the success and the illusion of you know, everybody wants to be the next Gary Vee or whatever that is or like
 Why would you want to do it? It's like
 It's I've always been like to me. You've been like the lighthouse
 You know in the ocean, you know, you've been like the
 That safe place that I could grab my son
 That's why I always got him to funnel hack and live because it was like yes. This is the one event that's pure
 It's real. It's fresh. It's like, you know, I'm the leader of it's real and even like
 You come in here dude and go to the homeless with us man. I mean he did me. I mean this guy's yeah
 Dude your time alone. There's no time and hour is worth to you
 You know so like all the time that you invest and thank you so much man. Seriously, you guys are great with that
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 Questions through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over in your text is 208-231-379-7
 Once again, it's 208-231-379-7 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone
 And then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-379-7
 One more time. That's 208-231-379-7. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
