 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast boy. Oh boy
 Do I have a treat for you? So
 If you've been listening recently, you know that a couple episodes ago
 I talked about a really amazing experience I had where I was able to take my kids down to Arizona with Matt and Kayla
 Maddox went for the homeless and we did a bunch of amazing things and
 Anyway, it was it was literally life-changing
 Experience for not just for me but for my kids as well and it was amazing and at the last day
 After we had done with you know all the all the fun things we had planned
 We actually sent my kids to go stay with one of their friends who lived down there and
 Then we went out you know meeting Matt and Kayla and some friends went out to sushi
 we got done eating like I don't know 10 o'clock 11 o'clock at night and then we decided to do a podcast interview and
 Instead of just you know going in just us doing a two-person podcast interview Matt Matt excited great
 Days like we should do more like a round table invite a bunch of people and so
 We tried three or four different office places to to go and to record this podcast interview and finally
 Someone allowed us to use their their penthouse
 So we ended up getting there. I think like 11 or 12 o'clock at night or something and it was cool because Matt Matt
 It was for Matt's podcast. So he was doing the interviewing and then he had Caleb there
 He had a bunch of Caleb's buddies there and then there's a room full of young entrepreneurs people who you know some of them are
 20s and you know young late 30s or assuming early 30s
 Just younger entrepreneurs were all like world changers who were trying to like figure out ways they can change the world
 And it was inspiring to be in that room to seeing the energy and excitement, you know
 You know sometimes I feel like I've been playing this game so long sometimes I get tired right like
 You know midnight and I'm gonna go to bed and be the old man of the group and these kids are just like on fire
 And so it was it was an amazing experience and we had a chance to do this podcast interview was like a round table of world changers
 And it started with Matt asking me questions and then he would open up and ask Caleb like
 Hey, what do you want to ask Russell?
 Then what else and and it was crazy because this this round table went from you know everything from how to make money to
 marriage advice to like parenting to kids to like
 Like it was it was literally amazing a lot of things. I've never talked about outside of there
 So it was it was awesome and I'm asked Matt after we got the recordings back
 I was like this is awesome. Can I share it on my podcast as well and luckily said yes
 So I'm excited to share this with you guys. This was a literal round table of world changers all talking about how to change the world
 And you know I'm I'm further on the journey than most people who are in that room, you know 10 15 years down the road from
 And so not that I know more than anyone but I've been doing this a little longer
 And I was like okay like ask me any questions
 I'll give you some advice like what I've found along the way and I'm you know
 And I haven't done this game perfectly
 But I've done my best and I've had some success and hopefully something I share will help you guys on your journey
 And so that's kind of what it was and it was really fun now this interview went from
 You know plan like an hour to end it being like almost three three and a half hours long or something crazy like that
 So instead of just having one super long
 Podcast episode we're gonna chop this into four sessions each one's about 40 or so minutes long and that way you can kind of listen to it over
 the next
 Couple weeks which should be a lot of fun
 And so this first episode is gonna be 42 minutes long and we talked about so many cool things
 I'll kind of give you just a glimpse and then you have a chance to dig deep
 But one of the questions I asked initially was like how did I get so excited about marketing and business and I talked about
 You know little little things I learned it had had success right like changing a headline and how much increase my conversions
 How much more money I made and that got me obsessed with reading and learning and studying right talked about the early days back
 When I was doing tel seven hours live events talked about my wife and I getting pregnant and the the what we had to go through to do that
 Talked about being transparent and vulnerable. We talked about
 How so many people try to posture thinking that's gonna attract people to them were actually repels people away
 Talked about you know the struggles I have as an introvert in this extrovert extrovert's calling
 We talked about those from sacrifices that I've had to make on this journey
 We talked about legal woes the ups and the downs the hard parts that you know
 We don't talk about typically there are a lot of things that aren't all sunshine and roses talked about those
 We also talked about the book Atlas shrug and
 Why that book meant so much to me and why there's times when I want to shrug
 I want to walk away sometimes, but then what I'm trying to do so that so the me and other producers won't want to do that
 We talked about how to build up tolerance when you're starting new challenges and a whole bunch more like you again
 That was just the first 42 minutes
 Which is crazy so hopefully
 You guys are gonna love this one thing that's super impressive Matt
 Maddox is one of the best question answers as I've ever met and it was fun seeing him like as we went out like we
 Everyone we saw we'd go to the grocery store and he's asking the clerk. You're checking us out groceries
 Hey, what's this my son Caleb?
 What's the number one piece of advice you have for him? Yes, everybody has the people on the streets the homeless people
 He asked them same question. He asked the people who are our servers in sushi like everywhere we went
 He's asking question after question after question in fact our sushi dinner before the podcast was like
 We should record that too. It was like 200 questions as well
 And so it was cool because Matt's so good asking questions, but so is Caleb and this entire group of world changers that they spend time with are all
 Amazing question-askers and so
 Because of that this podcast went in a lot of different directions
 We touch upon a lot of things that normally don't ever get to get talked about so I want to thank Matt
 for doing this podcast
 For having me down there and having my kids down there and hopefully you guys have enjoyed being on the wall during this roundtable of world
 changers
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Dude, thank you so much for taking the time to be honest is something I've looked forward to for a long time
 You know I wrote a book for Caleb Maddox when he turned 16 called wisdom from dad and in it
 I've said if anything ever happens to me and we know a lot of powerful people
 I've said you know because it's very important that he has a master of mentor in his life one person that he listens to and
 I said anything happens to me, you know because he's always trusted my intuition
 I was like make Russell Brunson your number one voice that you listen to
 So that's how much I think of you that as a dad
 You know of all the people out there all the icons all the influencers and he's met them all and they've all you know
 Love Caleb Maddox and all that but so I just want to personally thank you for being on and taking the time like it's
 You've impacted our life and millions and billions of people so I have so many questions
 I want to ask you so thank you for being on today and I've asked Caleb to be here and all these amazing
 Entrepreneurs these are world changers and I know that's what you're all about so tell me this
 Change in the world. What does that look like to you?
 First off if we didn't jump in that one
 I want to thank you on the other side because I'm here this weekend with my twins and he has no this because
 I'm I'm navigating now the waters that you went through Caleb and trying to like how to be a good dad
 It's way harder than I ever dreamt of I'm grateful for both of you guys spending the last two days helping mold my kids and
 Inspire them and light them on fire and all the not literally let them on fire, but
 Anyway super grateful for you guys I'm is I'm learning that step of the journey
 Which is you know we're always always learning from each other, which is cool?
 So I'm assuming we're definitely gonna be talking more about our kids because it's definitely our favorite subject
 I'm sure you could talk about marketing changing the world marketing so much easier than kids
 So yeah, that's it. We're joking like it's so much easier to like walk into making extra a couple million bucks
 And just like convince your kids you're cool and they should listen to you
 I guess for a second, please just go to bed. I'm gonna die like yeah way harder. So anyway, what was the question?
 No, so a change in the world we talked a lot about you know
 I want to just start off right out for Russell Brunson. What does change in the world look like to you?
 Yeah
 It's interesting because I think there's a time in my life where I thought my job was to change the world
 So which is like we're out there trying all sorts of stuff and
 Those who've been following my journey for more than like 18 years like I we were launching new offers new things
 And they're almost
 He's pretty quick fun. Let's take a little while
 But like at least once a quarter was like a new offer a new offer which was but was way harder than nowadays, right?
 We did it before last from Hacking Live and I went back to the old my old front page which is
 Pre-dream we were pre WordPress pre everything like front page I built all my my websites back in the day
 There's like 150 funnels that actually been launched not that we started on that actually got to the point of like
 It's live in the world people are trying to buy it 150 before we started click funnels and so
 Not Canada is probably another three four hundred that were somewhere in process. Never got live, right?
 so it was me trying like figure out how do we solve everything and I was trying to like start businesses and everything you could dream of like every single market and
 And so I was initially I thought I was just doing like I'm learning skill sets there
 This this gift from God. There's no way that me as a kid who struggled in school and couldn't figure these things out like
 like why was
 like why was this the
 Flip the switch man had flipped on where like I learned about marketing. I was just like
 Like why did that excite me? Like it's such a dumb boring thing
 But like I remember sitting at Dan Kennedy events everyone's down asleep except for me
 I'm the kid in the back like why is nobody freaking out?
 This is the most exciting thing in the world everyone else isn't there
 You know sitting there these bit like real business people bored out of their minds and I was just like
 Like so excited. I feel like I was giving this gift and I wanted it was exciting though
 When did it like I think the reality is I would I think most of us have started to want to make money
 So let's learning how to make money. I remember sitting at some of these events
 And I remember people sharing things right like I remember one guy at an event talking about he was split testing backgrounds
 It's like always split tested a
 Whatever a blue background versus a brown background and this was the tweak and I was like huh
 So I remember taking it like I should try that and then like a red headline versus the blue and there's three or four little things
 I remember so I was like that's interesting so I took that went back home went to my you know front page
 And I changed my headline from red to blue cuz this guy said blue increased conversions
 I changed a little thing and literally my sales
 I wasn't getting kind of traffic back in the day
 But you know making a couple hundred bucks a day it went up like 25%
 And I was just like I just gave myself a 25% raise by changing the color my headline from red to blue
 And I was like one thing at a thing and sounds like okay, and you know to nugget like so I go another event
 I just sit there listening to everything
 I'm like there's gonna be like one thing that gives me you know 25% increase my income
 That's like going think that if a doctor wants a 25% income
 Increase he's gotta go back to specialized medical school for two more years right or whatever that is I was like one idea
 What read the blue increased 25% like what's the next thing so and I like started like
 Listening differently and start paying attention
 What are they saying and what like what you know listening closer?
 I started reading books and like you find one thing in the book like oh my gosh
 I went through 300 pages with that little thing
 You tried it and I try my little website and like something would change. I was just like oh my gosh
 I've got another one and I it became like this like insatiable desire to try to find these things right and then a lot of it
 Was I trying to find the nugget then what started getting more fascinating to me was like watching people
 I go in events and like watching how people would speak how they're present and there's like maybe I'm not listening for the words
 Maybe I'm supposed to be listening to like how they're actually presenting and what they're doing and they're there
 You know the physiology and their movement and how they I started studying that part of it
 So watching as these people are selling and closing a movie and it was just like oh my gosh even they're not saying anything
 I'm learning stuff. I buy people's products and I wouldn't even go through the product like going through the sales process
 I was like oh do you see on upsell number two?
 They did this thing and like like freak me out
 So like everything started to become this like treasure hunt where I'm looking for these little nuggets like we take something
 We would increase my income by 25% or 3% or 5% or 50% and they're always little incremental things
 And then as I was get these little these nuggets back and when we had our next project, I was like okay
 We're not starting from scratch again. We've learned all these different things
 Now we know that it should be this color headline this day
 All things we figured out and so the next version would be better than last one and that became our control
 We launched the next thing and it worked better, right?
 And we're testing more things than it was like the next thing we do
 We take everything we learned this time and we start again and every time they start getting better and better and better
 The point fun doing all this is so much fun. Yeah, like you're like yeah, I'm such a door
 Like totally playing basketball. Yeah, there's just like magic and so I just got so excited
 And then it was funny for me because then I like wanted to tell everybody about it, right?
 And something like freaking out telling people and nobody cared
 I was joking with my team about a little while ago like I remember I was so excited about the things and
 I was like I want to do an event when I teach people and so in Boise where I'm from Boise
 Idaho we
 Started running direct mail us as I said up postcards. I ran radio out to these events
 I was gonna do the events these people secrets of internet marketing are so excited and
 We had a day where we had three events lined up like the morning afternoon lunch and we had all these ads going and everything
 And I remember showing up the very first time you know
 I think we had a hundred fifty two hundred people register for each session
 So I'm like this is gonna be amazing and we got the first one and like two people showed up. I'm just like
 Two people two people I'm like where's everybody like they said they were coming where are they?
 And I mean this big room guys shares those two people and they're like ones in the back ones in the middle and I'm like
 I'm in my suit and tie because that's what business people do I thought and I'm so scared and I'm like
 Okay, so I'm trying to do my little thing and I try to sell something and it was horrible
 And then next the next one there was like eight people show up my place more people
 I like this time I was like can you move to the front and I tried it again nothing happened and the third one is like two people again and
 And then we've scurried
 My why are people excited by this like saying the ugly business conferences everyone's like
 I sit down asleep and I'm like why is there would be an attempt like my other one my getting this because this is the most exciting thing
 I've ever seen in my life, but I can like take this thing and do this thing and all of a sudden more money like it was just it was magic right and
 But was interesting I look back now. It's been 18 years since I kind of started this journey
 Most people they get they start something and they kind of go into it and then the success is
 And you know get two people show up and get 30 likes on the YouTube video like odd and work and they stop
 But I was just so excited. I just kept talking about it kept talking about it and I would try tell seminars and then later
 Web before you know we'd tell us that ours before we had webinars the webinars came out trying that and just
 I got good eventually. It's the most money made from one. Just curious. Oh
 Tell us that man. I was back pre a lot of stuff. So I would say we probably did I
 Remember I remember specifically one I did because my dad was visiting and we did one that night
 And I just remember doing $5,000
 I mean like annoyed like I learned a five-grand on the thing and my dad afterwards was looking at me. He's like
 See I've been doing business my whole life. Yeah
 He's like no one ever gets on a phone call and 60 minutes later gets $5,000. She's like this is insane
 They're like how are you not excited?
 I remember I was bummed out. It wasn't a good one
 So I remember that number specifically my dad was so just like confused that I was upset
 I'm making five grand. He's just like this doesn't make any sense
 I don't matter it's hard to remember back. I
 Would say probably and they not enough tell seminar. I had a friend in a million dollars and one I remember
 I was like that was cool. We never did that. I would say probably you know
 No, I don't think I ever broke a hundred thousand marketing in actual fellas. I'm just probably 30 40 thousands
 Probably our record somewhere there and then tell us that or then webinars came out
 We started doing those I just kept talking about talking about even a couple years before we launched click phones
 We tried to do events we get two 300 people to show up maybe
 Remember one time we did one we had but why were you doing events? What was your goal at the time?
 I was excited by I wanted to show people like I wanted this when you were like doing an event selling from stage or just
 I was trying to like I would go to other people's events and if people invite me I was like I'd be excited and
 but I just couldn't ever I
 At least get every girl events really work
 I remember in fact I specifically remember the last I did before I swore we'd never do events again with 300 people signed up
 It was all excited to saw like we drove down the run a whole team down there
 We got there and less than a hundred people showed up
 Oh, and I was just like I was just so embarrassed and so I don't you ever done that feeling when you're in a room 300 chairs
 And you look outside you're like there's not 300 people here
 What do we do like they're gonna walk in and see the nobody's here
 It's like pulling chairs out you're like so embarrassed and half of them
 It's the worst and you're just like I just want to just want a cancel thing
 But people are here, so we're gonna serve them and do our best, but it's interesting because now
 If you just later click phone launches and we decided to find like I was so scared did not want to do it back to this day
 I still have the anxiety like before the curtain opens very first time
 I'm always like what people want to show up what if half the rooms that we really feel every time really every time you
 Ask my team. I'm always like always I'm always sneaking out like the doors open the very first day people running in
 I'm always like peeking out and I see the room and I'm like okay good people showed up
 I still this day I think people would be shocked it to find that out
 You know because it seems to come together so smoothly. I mean your team is one for now this year position
 We got COVID now so it's like people signing up. You know like it's gonna be even worse this year like yeah
 We'll talk more to anyway, but for sure for me. I think the biggest thing is just like I
 Keep talking about when nobody cared because I cared and I kept doing it because I loved it
 And because I've assessed with it and the longer you do something the more you start tracking people and like I always thought my
 My role in this whole game was to make
 This marketing fun like making exciting making it the way I felt I wanted everyone else to fill that way
 And that's why you look at our events now
 It's not like a business conference of people in student ties sleeping on the setting
 It's like a rock concert because that's what it should be. It's the most exciting thing in the world
 And that's we've tried to I always tell people like if I can if I can be that sparked to like help
 You what like you on fire like that's the key and so comes back to world changers like
 Initially I thought I was gonna change the world by myself
 And I realized somewhere in this journey
 I was like my job is not to try to change the world my job the people I've been called the server entrepreneurs and
 Entrepreneurs each have this specific way they can they can change the world and I my job is not to change the world
 My job is to change the entrepreneur's life
 Because if I can give them tools and training and whatever it is then they can go and the ripple effect from that will actually change
 Yes, every time I hear you talk about that. There's a fire. There's an enthusiasm
 And that's what I love is that through all your success. You've never
 Deviated from your mission to do exactly that to inspire entrepreneurs
 So so why entrepreneurs why such a hunger for entrepreneurs man?
 I would say everything good in my life has come because an entrepreneur sacrificed everything to bring their message out
 And I'll start with and you guys had a chance to find my boys today like like my wife and I we got married
 We were not able to have kids we tried we tried we tried everything it was
 Family's gone through that process like it is is emotionally tough especially like you get married
 So now your friends can marry typically and they're all having kids at the same time and everyone who having kids might my younger brother when him and his wife
 Got married they were told they can never have kids. I still remember one night getting a call for my brother
 It's like guess what we're pregnant and like
 I was like so happy for them so emotionally like excited and then knowing that I needed to go tell Colette
 who's been trying to have kids for two and a half years and like
 Hey, you know Scott
 like and I remember that night crying ourselves asleep because we're so happy for them on one side and they're so sad and they're
 Simon's like man like
 Like what about us? You know and so I remember
 After two or three years of trying this process when the doctors and all the things
 One day I was I don't know if I was working at school or something, but Chloe was watching
 And she called from work whatever she's watching Oprah and on Oprah and just you know
 I tried to go to Oprah when she saw the big show like it's not easy like it's it's you tried
 Yeah, it's in to get on Oprah's not an easy process by Benny stretch and there was this doctor on Oprah
 Who's a fertility doctor who lived in Boise, Idaho and telling the story about fertility and how it works and everything and so
 Cless watches balling her eyes out like there's a fertility doctor lives in Boise, Idaho
 So she calls me she's like I'm watching this fertility doctor on Oprah lives in Boise, Idaho and I'm like you need like let's go
 And she's like how do you go to that appointment? We're going tomorrow so next day we're this fertility doctor
 We're talking across the table. We you know give us a couple shots at some pills walk out the door
 You know and we go through this process month when we go through the process come back and we're not pregnant month number two
 We go through process come back not pregnant month number three go through process come back and we're pregnant two weeks later
 We're in there getting an ultrasound in the right. There's not one baby here
 There's two and change our life and I think back like but when you heard those words
 There's two like it was just what America you didn't think you could have one so like God gives you first time around like
 I'm gonna bless you too
 You know I love that so tell me about that and think about that like I was just thinking like
 Like from there like I'm sure someday maybe we would have figured that out figured out how to get a fertility drugs or don't
 I don't know we're gonna figure that out eventually but we figured out then because that doctor went through whatever processing
 They believe in their mission so much that they didn't just like put an ad newspaper run a facebook guy like they were
 They got to the biggest show on tv in the planet to share their message with the world
 Which came to us that touched our hearts with moved us to do something and change our lives forever
 And like that's one entrepreneur who's who and again, I don't know how to make someone pregnant
 I couldn't do that in a million years, right?
 But like that one person that's the skill says like oh it's simple for them
 And so that's why entourage makes this like that person because they want to do the message out in the world changed my life forever
 And that's one example like but everything that amazing has happened in life that somewhere if you trace it back
 There's an entrepreneur who sacrificed
 Everything because they believed in that thing and it shifted things and it changed some of those lives
 Wow to hear you put say it that way it makes it even so much more powerful
 To talk about you talking about what that doctor must have gone through
 to just
 Not only become a doctor but to get on Oprah and you saying like to get your message out
 That's something you're strong about is really getting people to share their message
 Why
 I we always have something right like
 Nescriptures has many are called a few chosen right we all have the calling we all have
 Something God given us they can change people's lives and most people are afraid of it
 And they don't know what to do like I have this thing and they're like
 Ah like I know I can do something but I don't know what to do or how do you like where do I go and
 And there's that thing that they're stuck with right and um and so for me
 It's just like man if we can release that
 I think how many people's lives have changed and we we used to do this at a cliff funnels every day
 We used to do a meeting every morning for seven minutes where we would share like one success story
 And so I wanted a whole team to see like we have 120 000 people that are actively using this platform
 And we look at that number every day on the board like oh 100 000 yeah, it's exciting
 But it's like east of 120 000 people are an entrepreneur each one's an entrepreneur
 And each entrepreneur has they have staff they've got people to work for them
 Right? So it's like there's jobs been created and then those job those people are created products and services change people's lives
 So like one good example is Brandon and Kaylin Polin right
 They came into our world. They were 22 23 years old something like that when they got started
 They would just finish the network marketing program. They're completely broke
 But they had skill sets right they had a message they had God given gifts and talents
 They've been blessed with right to be able to do a to do a mission
 But then I went on to do and so luckily somehow they bumped into us they came in they bought a book went through some training use the platform
 And I look at them now
 Been five six years since they kind of went on this journey and now they've helped
 Like they have over like a million half two million women on the email list. They've had
 Like 150 200 000 people gone through their their paid programs. They've got some
 Like having grandchildren
 Get our grandchildren feel like love your kids. I can't imagine how I'm gonna feel as a grandfather
 Don't be so much cooler. Yeah, see your entrepreneur is giving birth. Oh, yeah, it's like you're having
 Business grandbait
 It's crazy if you look at like that's one person's like hey now for lady boss their company
 There's like 70 or 80 employees work there. So like it's them and their lives affected
 But then you know a hundred thousand plus women who've lost weight and that's amazing
 It goes sept to sept people next now these women who lost weight like their their wives their mothers
 Their they work their jobs like how are their life been affected?
 How many more people and it's like you look at that ripple effect and it's gone
 It literally is millions of millions of people and that's from one of our 120 000 entrepreneurs
 And then there's another one. There's a kalamatic. So there's a mat mat. It says all of you guys the story
 There's so many people stories and it's like man if we just
 Like we just keep doing our thing and like giving the tools and like whatever we have like whatever we're able to
 To facilitate like that's how we change the world. It's not our mission
 That's what we're we talk about we think about like we pray about it
 I was like how do we how do we get better?
 What we're doing because every single person we can get in here and we can help equip them with the tools
 They change the life for somebody else. They change the world for somebody
 And so that's when it gets that's when it gets exciting you look at that ripple effect as it hits and just goes out and it's like
 That's why people like line yourself working like
 There's so many more people we can like yeah like no
 Because I asked you good coach
 I mean did your work ethic is in
 Inspiring and it's encouraging to see and um I want to do you are you entrepreneurs and um
 World changes feeling the energy of what he's talking about right here
 So thank you for that, but you said something that that really made me
 Want to ask you a question because one thing I love about you is how vulnerable you are
 Even though you're so powerful and you are who you are, but you're not afraid to be transparent
 So I have two questions about that one is
 What's your advice to?
 You know entrepreneurs that struggle with being transparent and vulnerable and then I want to ask you like
 I feel the passion of what you're into. What's the sacrifice that comes along with that? That hurts. That's heavy because you know they they said
 Just because we carry it easy just because we carry it well doesn't mean it's easy
 And dude, I'm like is Russell Brunson perfect man because you just have the best attitude, you know and and just all that you do
 What's the sacrifice that comes from with that?
 So I have to do three questions at you. I'm sure you can where you always start
 All of them
 If you're gonna take the next question and then I'm gonna get to some of the people here with this
 So tell us what what also the boronaville because that's about each one answer and then we'll go other one, but um
 I think it was bernay brown said this
 Um so powerful. It's just said that for any of us who want to share our stories like
 When we when we share something vulnerable, it makes us feel really really small
 But for people who are watching you it makes you look really big. Wow, I think that's the hardest thing for us to understand is like
 um like sharing this things like I spoke two days ago at tony and deans event, right and
 In front of I don't know 500,000 people like I showed the videos my very first pitch my very first thing
 It's like which by the way, I believe is the funniest
 That you've ever put out
 But it's like I've ever seen those like finals like a year ago before I showed me first time
 I was like oh my gosh, this is so embarrassing like where you feeling there 100 like I want people to see like there's rust
 There's on stage just closed like I want to see that and it's like oh man
 But I also knew it's like but like
 The biggest problem I have at this point. I think anyone has that's like well of course you can do it because you're Russell Brunson
 Like or you're Tony robin
 They look at this thing. It's just like you don't understand like
 I was the worst of all of you like I promise you I give you saw the video like there's nobody
 In our like in our community who who is as bad as me? I don't think maybe one or two
 But for the most part like I just kidding no, but but I want to show like I and I think that was I don't know
 Maybe this God's gift like in fact, um, so I you know I served a mission for tears for my church
 And in a mission there's a mission president who's who's in charge of like 300 missionaries
 Right keeping them from like killing each other and all sorts of stuff
 And I remember he came to the very to a funnel hacking lab at two or three years ago
 And sat in the back of it and afterwards he came backstage and he was just like all the missionaries
 I was in charge of he's like I never would have assumed you'd be doing this like of all of them
 And then he had his wife there and she looked at me too. She's like, yeah, I never would have seen it Russell
 Well, it's like funny, but it's awesome. Yeah, well, I think it was good. I think that's why it's so important like
 I mean
 I knew people who are super charismatic and all these things to have these gifts and and it's like if I were to start that way
 I think it would have been harder for other people where it's like let me show you like it's it's hard
 It's still hard to me like um, you know, like I I feel comfortable on stage in front of 5 000 people
 Like coming in this room with you guys like so intimidating for me like really
 I'm curious it's scary for me like I don't
 I don't know you're saying being on stage would feel easier than a million percent. Yeah, okay. I get like um
 I it's social anxiety of like one-on-one like not knowing like I don't know knowing the stories
 I know the people are like to share that speaking of vulnerability
 Have you found vulnerability easier for you now or is it still tough?
 That's definitely still tough. Yeah, I mean show these videos is tough the first time. I think
 Yeah, it's always tough you want to
 By d 100% by default we want to posture
 We all want to posture and show who we are the problem of posturing is that it actually repels people from you
 We think it's gonna draw them to us because they're gonna be like attracted to that and it's not posturing repels people
 So it's like the very sample of that. What do you mean? Um, one of my
 What? Well a lot of my mentors people who who?
 Who never grew past a certain level? It's because they always like they posture all the time
 Which they gotten they had success of that because it'll bring some success, but they never like
 been able to have the the
 The change they could have had because because it's all it has to about them
 And then they have to protect themselves and because of that you just there's a ceiling you just keep hitting that because people just it just
 People don't aren't attracted to that right and when you do break those barriers down you want to share
 Again, it makes you feel small but it makes you feel big and people people come to because they relate to you there's connection, right? There's empathy
 Um, but it's it's still scary. It's always scary. Yeah, so you still feel it you still are percent
 How would most people I wish you would go away, but would you have gas caliphanics that Russell Brunson gets nervous doing this kind of stuff?
 Because you're a natural I have an actual day because I relate with it
 Yeah, and especially like in small rooms like this
 It is so much easier to like go up in front of 5,000 people at phone acting live than like a roomless
 Because like you said you can see their faces is like there's an entire live store
 But every street a lot of people say oh, I'm just I'm just kind of you find the happy face
 There's like there's always a key book
 You just hone into them here. It's like what if they don't like me and like
 I guess we'll go hide but um, yeah, like I'm saying like I finally come in there and get off
 I get off stage and it's like in the hallways and I'm just like I hope nobody bumps into me and like
 Just I don't know it's weird. I've always I did a podcast about I talked about I said like I feel like I'm an introvert
 Next to her calling and it's it's a weird dynamic and I shared that it was it was so fast in how many people came back to me
 And then like oh my gosh, like that's how I feel as well
 And it's it's really weird too. You look at so many creatives like even like actors and people
 Who don't you wouldn't you wouldn't label as introverted?
 But they aren't introverts typically like they create their art very very private and they share it publicly
 Whereas extroversers are like usually creating on the fly a lot of times because that's how they they do things
 And so it's just it's a different way of like creation in fact if he has read
 Perennial seller right in all these book. It's um, so about how do you create art that lasts beyond itself, right?
 like
 Like movies, lass or books or whatever and and one of the beginning you talked about just how
 How private creation is right because it's like you with your thoughts on how to put on a computer
 And when you get it done then you have to go and you're like
 You're sharing it to the world and they're like opening up for rejection like my very first book
 I wrote I was so scared to send it to any friend like I remember getting away and like I was like
 This is the coolest thing in the world. I was like, I don't want to show people like what if they hate it what they make fun of it
 What if they like they do this internal?
 Oh so hard like a lot of other people
 Yeah, and every book then it's like the second book comes down like what if it's not good the first what people don't like it like
 You just push past it
 Question because you say you're an introvert and extrovert's calling
 What advantages do you feel like being introvert has given you within an extrovert's calling
 Do you feel like there's anything that allows you to do like maybe someone with a crazy amount of charisma or who's naturally extroverted?
 Like maybe doesn't it doesn't have that advantage?
 I feel like it gives me more time to think through things because I have to retreat and hide to like
 to decompress but to think through things and so um
 Whereas like my extrovert friends will still be out partying all night talking and doing stuff
 And I'm like I go back to room like compressed and I have some more private time
 I feel like to think through things and like try to make connections and I don't know the weird things that go on your brain
 You're kind of by yourself, you know, I got a lot more time like that in my office
 I'll be my office but like I'm with the people like I like the energy if I can go to office and then I sneak them
 I own office and close the doors and then like oh take a press and then
 Just have more quiet time to you know what I mean? Yeah, like I
 Whereas like in a lot of friends who don't they're they're so
 In they're they're awesome. I love them. I I envy that I wish I had that more a lot of times
 You know, but like a lot of times I don't feel like they get the break to be able to to really
 Focus and go deep on things sometimes. I don't know maybe I'm wrong. I've never been that
 And it actually lived that role, but that's what feels like it seems like
 So before you answer the question about it
 That was awesome stuff about vulnerability and it helps me too because it's like
 We need to share our stories and that's part of our story
 and
 My question for you before you get to the part about sacrifice like, you know to be Russell Bronson, right to
 Lead what you're leading and do what you're doing writing the books creating what you're creating
 You know the creativity the constant like
 Making sure that the ClickFunnels community stays fresh
 What's the sacrifice that comes with that that hurts man? That's tough. That's heavy. There's a lot like
 It's it's interesting because like most people see the positive like people like how is that quick from?
 That'd be the coolest thing that's like yeah, but you see the good stuff, right? You see
 But it's crazy because like as we as we've grown like
 um, man, there have been so many times we're
 on the journey where
 Each tier as we get bigger there's like more attacks to come from outside from with inside and things like that, right?
 talking legal attacks we have
 Uh, just a lot of stuff
 You don't you don't think about that you have to start dealing with right and the bigger gets the the height
 The more intensity it comes with that and like the more the more explosion the more things that keep happening
 And so like there are I mean tons of sleep this night. I told you two and a half three years ago
 We hired
 You know more lawyers are going through our stuff and looking at other things and and now we have legal in house council because like
 For us, they not only are we like our own marketing we then have our affiliates who are marketing and then we've got
 120 000 customers who are all are marketing. It's like
 It's like two or three years when the first time we got a lawsuit was from taylor swift and I was like
 We got a later from taylor swift lawyers. I'm like what's going on? I'm opening up and it's like you're being sued by taylor swift
 I'm like
 What's happening?
 Yeah, I'm like what are you doing? Taylor swift? I'm freaking out. I don't even know what's happening
 And took us a while to figure out it's like oh some bozo who's using our platform is like you legally sell a taylor swift stuff
 But it looks like it's click phones because it's on our servers and our thing and so like
 You know some freakin out like you know and then later we get like letters from the fbi like
 You know and they come in certified mail. It's like mr. Ronson like yeah, like science paper
 I you've been served right like I'm eating letter like sir fellow fbm like
 Like am I going to jail? You know like
 I think in the bathroom nobody sees like oh, what is this?
 And it's like oh some more on our platform is even something stupid and because they think it's us
 It's like oh like those things happen all the time or just people who are taking shots at it
 So we had one guy we helped be super successful comes in the click for those groups shows proof and stats and how much money is made
 All the stuff through our thing huge testimony. I'm like do we change this guy's life?
 This is amazing took a screenshot of it our team sees a screenshot like oh, this is cool
 Like in our in our folder like success stories grab the screenshot runs as an ad dude
 Suze us for sharing for sharing a screenshot of his success story in our thing and up settling for
 tens of thousands of dollars like and that is the head of that has happened once that's happened in same amounts of times
 We're now it's like it's just the bigger you get like
 Again people you've helped attacking people you have employees who leave who don't compete against you friends
 um one of my closest friends who like
 Like literally was down and out needed money run him check for 100 grand like like help him survive
 his life
 um
 like two years later launches the competitor against this talking trash about me I was like
 You were broke two years ago
 I wrote you check my own pocket for you to survive as a friend and now you're like on facebook talking trash about
 it's just like
 Yeah, that's the part people don't see and it's just like happening. Oh, right just it's just like some days. You're just like why?
 like
 Oh like anyway, one of my favorite books in this I haven't told you about a library yet
 This is maybe the off podcast topic, but there's a book called Atlas Shrugged and I will go deep into it because it's
 the greatest book of all time but
 The principle of it is in the book. There's all these producers right the people that are moving the world people like Atlas holding the way the world on his shoulders
 right and what happens when
 Uh the way it gets so heavy or things are so bad to Atlas stops carrying any shrugs like screw it
 I'm out and walks away
 That's the premise of the book what happens when the government intervention all the things get so bad that the producers are holding the way
 The world on the shoulders stop carrying and they shrug and walk away from the world and like that's
 I've gotten that point multiple times. I'm like, why am I doing this? I just want to like shrug and walk away from it and like that's
 So the short version this we talked about offline, but we're building a big library and we have three
 Atlas statues being created one where Atlas is holding away the world on his shoulders second
 We're standing and shrugging in third one with the world on the ground. He's walking away
 And it's the big they're eight foot tall statues in the center of the library like showing that part of the story
 Dude, that's gonna be sick. It's gonna be cool. All wrapped in amazing old books
 How does your brain operate is my question?
 Why did that book
 Stick out too that much where you're willing to go get three eight-foot tall statues like what about that
 Resignate with you so much because I feel like not only me but I feel like the people that I serve entrepreneurs are the producers
 like we're the people holding away the world on our shoulders
 And it's like I feel like we're getting attacked from government from people from policies from
 every side we're getting attacked on and
 And right now we're all doing it. It's like someday like in the book
 That's the whole premise this book is like what happens when that comes to and I want it to come to that
 Like that's not my goal is to shrug and I saw walk away, but I want to remember that like like we got to be careful because
 In the book from the main characters they don't get involved with then you talked about politics
 They're not getting involved since not doing stuff because like oh, I'm just gonna focus on my thing
 I'm not gonna worry about it. Then it gets to the point where so bad that they've mentioned I'll have to walk away
 And it's like I want to make sure that doesn't happen and it's kind of a reminder of that like how do we
 How do we produce but also in a way that can that can sustain what we're doing, right?
 Like I love the world. I love the people. I love my life. I don't want those things to go away
 It's just like how do we how do we play this game in a way that's gonna make it be here for the long term?
 So I don't know just inspires me to think about that and making sure that we we stay there
 That's a powerful story and analogy man talk about feeling it. So then going through all that you feel like it's worth it then
 Yeah, every time it gets the point where like
 I'm ready to like shrug and just walk away. There's something that happens. There's somebody there's some
 something in our community or
 In boxer when people send me a message that's like talking about they changed my life and boxer's the little thing you can start something
 And it keeps me all the folder of all the starred stuff
 And so I have hundreds of those and starred people that they've boxed me like something I did
 So I'll go back and just play on that and just listen it for an hour and just like by time the stone
 It's like all right. That's why like those are my people. I haven't called the servant. Nobody else
 What do you feel like what do you feel like was the point where like you did the most on your shoulders and you wanted to shrug the most?
 Good question. Oh, man
 It seems about like every two years or so it kind of gets to that point again. It's weird. It's like a cycle. Um, I think that's uh
 Different things usually different. Yeah different things these tear
 Yeah, so I don't know if it's specifically just say it gets I think I think you go through seasons weird
 It's like you know, you're so everything's so good like just bounces off of you and you're like
 You got that energy and that certain need you're like, I don't really care. It's so heavy where it's been she's like
 Like oh my gosh. Yeah
 Um, and then I've got good friends too that I reach out sometimes like I remember I Garrett white
 Um, we don't talk all the time
 But every like when I get busy really have you for some reason he's one I
 I just I just text him out. I'm like him and I get heavy and he he obviously likes these like one liners
 They're just um like Shakespeare's cool like heavy is the
 Head of he who wears him who wears the crown or something and I just hearing now it's just like
 He gives you that shot. All right. I can
 Like everyone who's done this everyone who's done greatness is he's had him filled this right?
 There's no way he couldn't have like from everyone who respect everyone we admire has had the the heavy crown on the head
 That makes your shoulders heavy in your body and your back and you just want to break
 But the reason why I know the name is because they didn't right
 They kept standing up kept fighting through and it's just for me like him sending that or just things like that
 It's just like okay like one time he messes me. Just like he's like I understand but I see you and just like that like wow
 And so like I I tried to say that more often my podcast now than when I speak in my
 My own trunuers like I want them to understand it too like I know
 Because you're all sacrificing for your people whoever you've been called to serve like you're sacrificing
 More than they will ever know talk about you guys my kids like my kids realize like what we
 Like the joke we're talking about today is like
 There's there's no ROI right now eventually there's been no
 Our I ran my kids like I don't get anything out of helping you and trying to make you do these things like
 Like I'm just trying to make you happy and like there's nothing in it for me
 Like I'm not trying to grant you some a jerk like I legitimately do this because I love you
 Like I think the same way your community all most times doesn't realize what you're doing for them
 But like I understand because I felt it and I think because I've been able to fill them with like and look at these other people and just be like
 I understand that I understand this when you have to understand those things are gonna be hard
 Um, I'm trying to be better at that just because yeah, well and it's it's it's interesting too
 Because wherever you're at it seems heavy right like I look at the things that I have to fight through today
 Like three years ago. This seems like a crush me right five years would have destroyed me
 So it's like somebody who's doing this right now. It's like you look at it
 Lessing is really simple but it's like man, but back when I was that that spot like I would have crushed me potentially
 No, so like having like
 I have to try to look backwards and protecting all the other creators and entrepreneurs around us who are
 We're all fighting it because we're all fighting it. Yeah, it's some level of some tier and it's also part of it
 That's how we grow right if we're not final things
 Probably doing it right now like the game you ever temporarily shrugged
 Hey for a night
 I might screw it up next morning like
 I think back up the sword. Let's go
 How do you develop the additional tolerance to be able to
 Continuously like level up and continuously that's good. Like those new challenges
 That's a good question. Um, I think
 You know when
 It's a good question. I think what came to my head is thinking when I first started the business was me right and so
 Um, but as I started growing the business
 You started getting teammates and people and and it starts growing and now it's not
 I think it's lighter for me because it's not just me either. It's
 Excuse me. It's an amazing group of people who I love and I respect who we're all fighting listening together now
 Um, that's made it so much easier for me. We're used to me me sitting in my thoughts alone. Like, oh, we're now. It's like, okay
 I've got my team. I've got my the people who
 You know who written this with me 100 percent of thick and thin and
 Um, I send a message then and like collectively together
 It's like we we take that and it makes it so much easier not have to fight alone
 So I think that's a big part. It's like that's huge getting a spot. We're not just fighting yourself
 You're fighting together with people because
 Um
 Yeah, I and there's been issues that just last few months. I could have handled myself like no matter how tough I think I am
 um, I look at you know, Dave and
 Todd and Dan and like the guys in my team who are my close partners and stuff that
 um
 Because of them like we're able to
 To do stuff. It's
 Somebody's just ridiculous. Like this is crazy. This is what's your favorite thing about all three of those
 Dave
 Todd and Dan
 I love all three of those guys by the way, what's your favorite thing about them? Oh, and there's more like of course
 I know especially clap. We'll talk about her a little bit. Yes, so no
 So what was your favorite thing about them and what is it that they do that has earned your trust as a leader as uh
 Somebody who I'm sure there's so many people that want to be in your inner circle, but how how how them?
 How did you know to trust them?
 Um, well for Dan to Dan's on the camera now
 Just the money
 I was like, hi Dan!
 Hi Dan! That's just Dan is awesome
 Um, so Dan like came into my world like like a week before the first fun hockey live
 I saw some of his work. I was like, oh my gosh
 I sent an email like dude come from like the live. What am I doing? Like just bring your magic doing it like
 That thing you do just do that like no direction no instruction no nothing
 He comes in comes the event. I don't even seem the whole time he's running around doing a million things
 And then like a couple months later, he's like here's the video from for like a live and watch it
 I was like
 I gave him no direction no instruction like nothing and it came back and it was the greatest theater scene
 Wow, and I was like huh and so then fast for next year's fun like do you want to do that again?
 Like he's like yeah, we don't want to differ in my go just do this
 This same thing you did just do that again, right?
 That's actually powerful. Yeah, and did that two or three times and then got closer and closer and eventually became a partner and
 Inside click funnels brought him in as a as a full partner and um, but he's someone who like
 Doesn't need direction super creative
 Um, but also very willing like he's behind the can he's like the most talented person I met
 He his stories and same me like somebody went flip the camera and capture history because like it's amazing
 But like a little bit I caught yeah
 I was like dude this dude. Thank you jesus. I'm like
 But he comes like all the time as a servant. I just hear he serves he gives he like
 Shows up does more than you ask him like just and he's creative and thinks two things and like
 His passion for like what he does is insane
 Like you watch him with his team of guys like they sit there and they watch movies and film and all sorts of like create new things and push
 New boundaries and like study music and like one of his team who I just took a class at stanford or harvard or something crazy
 Like just to become better like they're obsessed with the art like at a level where you can't hire that like he can
 That's right. I mean that like they're just obsessed and dance the leader and it's just like his mind is amazing
 I mean look at any of the fun of my videos all of them that he did and it's crazy because he'll go through a four-day event
 Taking every single person sound bites and quotes and everything and then take a million
 Sentences and somehow weave that into a sales message that sells, you know, six eight ten million dollars to take it's every single year
 Like if you watch those videos, they are insane. It's him going through four days of footage finding like here's set
 Here's a four words that calip said and the math said this and my instead of this my and put it in this order
 And now here's a sales message. We've been together kind of pictures the videos the music and then
 Turn the anders like if you guys know what goes in some place about the extra mile he embodies that it is
 Is the same
 A year
 Takes years off my life
 Oh
 Yeah, last year we're every right there's no way you can make it better and then this year we sent the thing and I was like
 it's better
 I don't
 Speechless and we watched like 20 times in a row after I watched this year's I'd say conservative 100 times every time I might getting tired
 I just push play again. I'm like, let's go but change the world begin like it's yeah for anybody watching this that is an employee
 Rewind and really listen to how he talked about Dan because that's what we all dream of
 You know, remember Kobe Bryant
 He said the number one thing he looks looks for when he's hiring his obsessives
 And that's what you have here. So good day everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering
 Questions through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text
 Me a message. Okay. Now the phone over in your text is 208-231-379-07
 Once again, it's 208-231-379-07
 When you text me just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-379-07
 One more time. That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
