 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today I want to tell you guys a secret about how to fill live events.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright everybody, so as you guys know we are coming down to the final stretch of funnel
 hacking live.
 I think we're like less than 60 days, dang, two months away.
 Whew, it makes me nervous to say that.
 From funnel hacking live happening which is exciting.
 It's been almost 18 months since the last funnel hacking live and I hope you're excited.
 I think most of you guys are going to be there which is exciting.
 If you're not going to be there like literally, do you hate money?
 Do you hate growth?
 Do you hate relationships with amazing people?
 Do you hate hearing me talk?
 Those are the only logical explanations I can think of.
 So I say that with making sure that you need to be there.
 If you don't have your ticket check go to funnel hacking live.com.
 The show is on.
 And right now we're in the final stretch.
 Tickets are almost sold out.
 We sell out every year but this year we're selling out earlier because the venue is smaller.
 We only have 3,500 seats versus last year we had 5,000 people in the event.
 And we had pre-sold more tickets, a last funnel hacking live than ever before either.
 So anyway we're almost sold out.
 So if you don't have a ticket yet, now is the time to go.
 And the other interesting thing is this is the first and hopefully the only year we're
 doing virtual as well just because a lot of countries people actually can't get here.
 Which is frustrating.
 So other than that I've always been anti-virtual but we had it this time around.
 So if you aren't able to come you're locked out of the country or whatever or you're
 nervous about people which I understand as well.
 There's a virtual option this year but that one is also almost sold out.
 So if you're getting tickets now this time but anyway I digress.
 As we're getting towards the final stretch we're like okay well how do we, like I just
 want to get done selling tickets because selling tickets is a grind.
 If anyone who has never done a live event or a virtual event it's a lot of work to continually
 sell tickets right.
 And so that's kind of the place that we're in.
 I was like I just want to get done with like how do we just sell the last batch.
 Like let's get over with.
 And so it's funny because every year we try to reinvent the wheel.
 How do we sell these last year?
 What campaigns work the best?
 And so we went back through and we looked at ticket sales and we saw there was like a
 week or two where we sold like hundreds of tickets a day right.
 And we're like what do we do during that week like it's we went back and I found the emails
 and it was funny because like of course you know here's me reinventing the wheel.
 So hopefully in a year from now someone can remind me.
 Russell don't forget this is what you did last year.
 But I'm sharing this with you guys because the thing that we've done in the past that
 sold more tickets than anything else.
 Outside of like at the last year's live event we sell tickets to next year's that sells
 the best.
 Number two when we did a kickoff webinar this year that sold a ton of them this year for
 us which we've never done that in the past.
 So kickoff webinar then the third biggest thing to sell tickets has always been like
 taking things away right.
 Taking away a bonus or increasing the price or things like that.
 And usually throughout the the promotional campaign we always are doing little things
 like that right or increasing the price we're taking away a bonus we're doing this.
 And last year we had this great idea which I forgot about until just recently.
 We had each speaker jump on a Facebook live with me just for a quick like 10-15 minutes.
 I jump on a talk about who they are what they're talking about we that kind of tease like
 this what we're talking about and it's really exciting we get people pumped about being
 there talk about that that speakers experience the FHL.
 It's just a really fun thing and then the end of it I say hey for those who are coming
 to FHL do you want to give them a bonus to make sure they show up and each speaker then
 gives a bonus and it's crazy some speakers are like here's my three day live event here's
 my two thousand dollar course here's my and you were giving like crazy stuff right.
 And so each speaker gives away a bonus.
 So today you know depending on where you're listening to this it's probably done five
 or six at this point but I did the first one today is with Painjune and Painjune giveaway
 is like literally a $3,000 event a three day live event the virtual recordings of it and
 the members area and everything which is crazy for everyone who got their ticket to
 FHL.
 And so what we do is we start doing the speaker offer stack.
 So today Painjune gave his bonus we send email to lists that hey go watch Painjune's
 Facebook live and by the way he gave everyone this bonus if you guys get your tickets like
 this weekend right.
 And then next week I think I have three or four speakers and I am or three or four Facebook
 lives each one with two speakers jumping on and we're doing this thing and then each
 of those speakers I'm asking the same thing like hey what bonus do you have and so then
 they'll give us a bonus they'll give us a bonus and these bonuses will keep stacking
 keep stacking keep stacking and so then each email goes out like hey don't forget here's
 Russell's bonus they just ping junes here's so and so and so here's three new bonuses
 to get out of today and it keeps getting bigger and bigger and offer stack it's bigger
 and bigger and what happens during this week or two weeks of these interviews the cells
 come in kind of slow and they get bigger and they get bigger because the offer keeps
 getting more and more insane so eventually it's like I would literally be insane to not
 get my tickets like like I don't show up to the event like I still need to get the same
 because this bonus has gotten so good it's bigger and bigger and bigger and so we do
 that as we go through all the speakers and at the very end now that the offer stack is
 insane like if you show up to Funnocking Live you're getting all the speakers like they're
 these amazing products you get to know the speakers ahead of time plus like you get to
 come to the event plus all the other bonuses and all the other things and then after we
 built that up then we take all those bonuses away we do a three day cart close where it's
 like hey you still get tickets but if you but you miss out on this and like here's the
 offer stack of all the things and we pull that away and that pull away those three days
 is when we're selling like two or three hundred tickets a day every single day and it's it's
 crazy so we don't have that many tickets to sell this year so I don't know how far we'll
 get into it but we again I found the campaign I was like oh my gosh like of course and so
 we've restructured it we're doing again right now but for any of you guys who are trying
 to sell tickets this is a powerful way to do it and the wealth is cool is that like today
 paying June he he Instagrammed his audience like hey check out this check out this Facebook
 Live I was on now he's selling tickets for us as well right and then yeah it's just it's
 really interesting because all this you know it's you're getting the speakers to promote
 it you're getting used you're promoting it you're increasing the offer and you're able
 to pull the offer away it's just a powerful unique strategy we're using to sell a time
 and take it so anyway I hope that helps you know I've tried a lot of things to sell tickets
 and like I said looking at this is the thing that's worked the best so make sure you're
 watching us if you're not go make sure you follow me on Facebook that's where these are
 all streaming to actually I think it streams Facebook LinkedIn a whole bunch of other places
 as well but go and watch that you'll see the campaign you'll see what we're doing you'll
 watch as they offer gets more and more insane and then when we pull the offer away that's
 when the that's when the huge ticket sales come through so anyway I love this game hope
 you guys can see that hope you can feel it so much fun and I love sharing you guys behind
 scenes what we're doing and hopefully you guys can model it for your events it worked
 for virtual events work for live events work for all sorts of things so with that said
 thanks just for listening appreciate you all and we will talk to you all again soon definitely
 the next podcast episode but hopefully more importantly the funnel hacking live you don't
 have any tickets yet now is the time you don't want to miss it the only logical reason to
 go to not go is if you hate money or hate me and hate me you probably shouldn't be listening
 to podcast anyway and if you hate money you probably not listen to podcast so that means
 you yes you listening right now you need to go so pull over the side of the car pause
 this thing open up a new browser window go to funnel hacking live dot com get your tickets
 if you're not sure if you want tickets go watch the video at the top of funnel hacking live
 dot com and then go get your tickets at that good alright guys appreciate you all thanks
 for listening and I hope you guys have an amazing day talk soon.
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between
 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions through text message to people who
 are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 and actually text me a message okay and the phone over your text is 208-231-379-3797
 once again it's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello and then what's going to
 happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you
 can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through
 this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag giving away
 free copies of my book I'll let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your
 local area and a whole bunch more so I want to make sure you are on this list on top of
 that every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and
 things you can get for free only through my texting platform so what you need to do right
 now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time that's 208-231-3797
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
