 Hey everyone, it's Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Market
 Market in a Way, but let's us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable.
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Alright everybody, so if you remember I was talking a little while ago about like setting out more of a promotional schedule
 inside of our calendar bar. It's like okay, you know, the first week of every month we do this, the second week we do this, the third week
 and it's just like a consistent plan that happens over and over again.
 So I did a podcast episode on that a couple months ago and then we've been slowly trying to implement things and figuring it out
 and then it wasn't until about two weeks ago in our company I basically stopped everyone and everyone's doing a whole bunch of stuff.
 And it's funny when I did my call with Rachel Hollis, she was talking about the same thing.
 She's like the difference between a peacetime general and a wartime general.
 And I think, you know, prior to COVID-19 all this stuff we were, I was a peacetime general so I was talking about things
 and things are slower getting done and when this whole, everything's changing, it was kind of coming in like,
 "Hey, it's a wartime general now." Like, I'm coming back in and taking over some stuff, we're shifting a bunch of things
 and that's what we've done here. I asked my team, I came in and I shook up everything.
 "Alright, everyone stop what you're doing. Now you do this. Now you're over here."
 And this is how we're shifting things around. And it was cool. First off my team, it was really fun because I thought
 for a while everyone was going to be like, "Ah, who moved my cheese if you read that book? Who moved my cheese? Everything's different."
 But instead they were all excited and fired up and it's been really fun. So they're just an amazing team.
 So that part is really good. So I'm walking through kind of what we did. So one of the big things that was interesting
 and I think, and I take complete blame for this in my business and some of you guys, you probably should be blaming yourself for your problems too.
 In fact, we all should. But the problem we have in ClickFunnels is like, obviously there's two sides of the company.
 There's a side that's building the software. So that's run by Todd and those guys in there always building it and improving it and making it better.
 And so on my side, my job is just how do we sell more ClickFunnels? Like that's my role, right? To get more members in and get people using it,
 educated, all those kind of things. And so we're always creating things to do stuff.
 And I think my problem is I get so excited about the next thing where it's like, "Oh, you know, if we build funnelflix, we ran over there.
 We spent all the time and energy and money building funnelflix. We launched it and did well when we shipped the next thing.
 And we built this and we launched it. We shipped the next. And it's just like, but nothing really gets the time or attention.
 It's because we kind of leave it behind. You know, the one thing I think that we in our company, we've done a really good job with was actually ClickFunnels.
 Like we spent five years focusing on ClickFunnels, getting people in ClickFunnels and like, and so that's why it's done so well.
 But then all the other frontend things, they do well, but they're always like these peaks and valleys.
 Because it's like, wherever our focus goes, like energy flows and everything happens and then we ship somewhere else and it shifts again and nothing compounds on itself.
 Until about a year and a half ago, it was the very first time we did the one funnelway challenge.
 And for those who remember this, we did the original inaugural one funnelway challenge and it launched it and it killed.
 We had like five or six thousand people register for it. And it did great.
 It did really, really, I mean, it did awesome. And I think it was like in September of two years ago.
 And then after that happened, we didn't do it again. It's September, October, November, December, January, and then we had fun locking live.
 And then it was like right after that, we're like, we have to do this again. It was so good. So we sat back down. We got it done.
 We launched it. But this time we did something different that we hadn't before.
 This time instead of just launching it, then me shifting my focus and the team shifting their focus, we left somebody behind.
 Okay, I got our team in Shane Larson and Shane, which is like, he's in charge of OFA and you make sure this is happening twice a month.
 This is the process and this is the thing. And we kind of gave it to him to run it.
 He got a little team of a few handful people now who run that division, that thing.
 And every single week, every single day, every single month, they're making it better and better and better.
 And now I look at, we've been running the OFA challenge for a year and a half, almost two years now.
 And it's now one of the key parts of our business. Like, we sell, you know, I don't know if that number is somewhere between 1000 and 2000 people every two weeks join the challenge and keeps growing.
 In fact, if you haven't taken the challenge yet, go to onefunnelway.com.
 But it's amazing and it's just the process is better and better and the coaching is better and like the systems and it's just, it's just consistently amazing.
 So that's this one thing that's happening, right? And we left something behind.
 And so I look back at what we're doing now and we have all these amazing assets we've built out, but we haven't left anyone behind.
 And so we step back, it's okay. Instead of us figuring out the next thing, all we're going to do is we're going to figure out like, what are our core KPIs or core goals?
 So for us, it's like how many ClickFunnels members, how many $297 monthly level members, and how many $1500 monthly level members, right?
 And so what's the KPI for each one? So the K-performa syndicate, like how many people are in each of these tiers like that?
 That's the number we need. And then what's the tool, the system, the process we're using to get somebody, right?
 So OFA gets somebody to join ClickFunnels, right? So it's like, now you're in ClickFunnels, how to get them to stick?
 And so we decided like the tool, the thing, the process, the funnel, the thing that we're going to do is called Funnel Fridays.
 And those of you who have been watched here on the email, as you saw last week, we launched Funnel Fridays.
 And this time we had a system in place, a process, a team, we built that whole thing, and we strategically figured out we launched it.
 And it was crazy. We had for the first Funnel Fridays, we had like 17,000 people register for it.
 Zoom, we upgraded it into 5,000 people, hold 5,000 people online. And like two minutes before the webinar started, we had 5,000 maxed out.
 We had over 600 tickets that are held to us, people angry, they couldn't get in.
 Like I had no idea it was even possibly a 5,000 people to show up live, but they did.
 So we figured out that process, like it works, like we totally broke it, we had to fix all this stuff.
 But now it's done, there's team in place, and three weeks every single month there's going to be a Funnel Fridays.
 And the process, the team, the system, everything's in place now.
 And I had to kill myself like last week was super painful to get it done out the door.
 But now there's a process, there's a manager, there's like all the things are done, then there's a team left behind.
 And so now three times a month we'll be doing the Funnel Fridays, and that'll dramatically grow our ClickFunnels user base.
 Right? And now there's again, we left somebody behind, now it's just going to keep you better and better and better and better.
 And the next year, it's not like our $97 month tier, right?
 So OFA gets people in, Funnel Flakes gets into stick into a sin.
 We're getting templates, we're getting training very specific Funnels, like last month or last week's was membership Funnels.
 Next one is going to be lead Funnels.
 And we do supplement Funnels and then book Funnels.
 They're very specific, each week's folks on a Funnel type.
 And they give people like 20 cool templates for free and just this whole thing that's just, that's, that's goal is to increase the KPI of that tier of ClickFunnels, right?
 So the next tier of ClickFunnels is our $297 on our plan.
 So we're like, what's the, the system we put in place that happens consistently where we get people in?
 So the system that we're doing in this week, we're actually launching it.
 So we're in the middle of it right now, but it's kind of fun.
 So we have Funnel Flakes, which you guys know is this amazing training platform.
 We spent insane amounts of money building it and licensing the best courses on the planet.
 Tony Robbins courses in there, Frank Curves courses, Mike courses, Dan Kennedy's courses, like all the best courses you'd ever want are all in Funnel Flakes.
 Right?
 We did the initial launch, we got a ton of people in there and then we kind of shipped it on.
 So now we're like, okay, we need to build a team around this because one of our KPI's, our KPI's and our core things we're focusing on.
 And so we got a manager, we got a team, we got all the things around that.
 And so what we're doing is the very first week of every single month, we're launching a seven-day live launch, which is a funnel that we learned from Brad and Richard.
 He spoke last year's Funnel I can live and taught it, but seven-day live launch.
 So this week will be happening.
 Seven-day live launch happens.
 We train their six sessions over three days.
 From the end of the day, we pitch people to upgrade and send into, into Funnel Flakes by doing the one, the, doing a challenge tied to whatever that month's seven-day live launch.
 So for example, this, this month, this week we're doing a, I'm doing a three-day training called, uh, list building secrets.
 Um, and so we do that, I'm teaching twice a day for three days, there's six sessions.
 And at the end of it, we basically say, hey, if you, if you want to get the, this course, we just created a list of secrets course, it's going to be inside a funnel Flakes.
 And over the next 21 days, we're doing a 21-day challenge to implement this, this process.
 And so they can come in, they go through the, they go through the experience, they go through 21-day challenge.
 And at the end of it, um, number one is they've got a list being built.
 Number two is now we've got people who have ascended up because they want to be part of that 21-day challenge.
 Right? Um, and then the first week every single month, that'll happen.
 So the first week every single month, there'll be some kind of live training, it'll be me or somebody else who's publishing on Funnel Flakes.
 They'll do the training at the end of it will be a 21-day challenge.
 We use that to get people in.
 But we know the first week of every single month that happens consistently over and over and over again.
 Which is exciting, right?
 Um, and then Suss with our two nice seven level.
 So the next tier up is our $14.97 level.
 So how do we get people there?
 And so once a quarter, we have a whole sequence being built out to get people to ascend up there.
 And once a quarter happens like clockwork happens consistently, we'll have to hold back in and everything in place.
 And so now if you click Funnels, it's really cool.
 Like, um, every two weeks there's an OFA challenge.
 Every, uh, three Fridays a week, there is, well, we've stepped back.
 The first, the first week of every single month is a seven-day live launch.
 Folks on a very specific topic, which then puts people in 21-day challenge.
 The other, the other three Fridays of the month, there's a funnel Fridays.
 Folks on one specific funnel type, where we give them templates and give them to stick or to ascend up.
 And then once a quarter, the first week of every quarter, uh, we do a launch to get people into our, the two-comical collective program.
 Um, and again, that one hasn't happened yet, but it's coming soon.
 But it's nice that Nellis, things are all in place.
 There's teams and managers behind them.
 Like literally after the last thing's done, like I, I don't really have a role in the company anymore.
 I'm done.
 There's teams and people and everyone's left behind and my job becomes really easy.
 I show up a three Fridays a month for one hour to do live training.
 That's about it.
 So anyway, I'm excited.
 I wish I was sitting there a long time ago.
 I said running from thing to thing to thing.
 Um, because part of me loves running from thing to thing to thing to thing to thing.
 It's just focusing on making the one thing the best you have.
 So for me, again, my sentence is three tiers.
 So I'm going to have a tool.
 There's a KPI that we tracked.
 So how many people were in collective this month?
 How many people were in funnel flex level?
 How many people are looking at the KPI?
 We can see it all the time.
 There's a team who's responsible for that.
 And there's a process that's, you know, exactly what to do and how to do it.
 They don't have to reinvent the wheel.
 They don't have to be creative.
 They just have to follow the process.
 And that's kind of the game plan.
 So I'm pumped.
 I'm excited.
 I was sure that years ago, so for you, start looking at your thing.
 Right?
 What's your, what's your mechanism?
 What's the thing you're using to get people into the funnel?
 Right?
 So maybe it's something.
 How do you get them now to convert?
 Is there a webinar funnel?
 Is it a challenge?
 What's that?
 And what's in place?
 And who's the team and how consistently does it happen?
 And looking at those things.
 So that way, your company can use a girl, whether or not you decide to be creative that
 week or whether or not you get out of bed or whether or not you show up.
 Right?
 So anyway, that's what I'm working on.
 It's fun.
 It's exciting.
 I said last we've got funnel flex in place.
 The team, everything's in our season, the funnel Fridays.
 Who names all their products?
 Funnel something.
 Come on down Russell.
 Anyway, I blame myself.
 But that's in place.
 Then funnel Fridays will, no funnel flex will be in place this week.
 And then the collective will be in place next month.
 And then it's all done.
 The work is finished.
 I'm retired.
 Just kidding.
 But you know what I mean?
 So, all right.
 So I got, appreciate you all thanks for being now.
 And I'll talk to you guys all again soon.
 Bye everybody.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again.
 And really quick, I wanted to invite you to join, um, arguably the best thing that
 we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community.
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge.
 You know, everyone in their business, in their life, they're one funnel away from
 something.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from getting more impacts.
 Some of you guys are funnel away from growing your company to the next level.
 Um, and so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first
 or your next funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business, um, this challenge is going to help you
 to help you understand this strategy, help you understand the tactics, help you
 understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now, stop everything, pause the audio, go online
 and go to one funnel away dot com.
 That's one funnel way dot com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days, so go get started right now.
 One funnel away dot com.
 (upbeat music)
