 Hey, what's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to marketing seekers podcast this week
 I am at Lake Powell. I'm unplugged and that means I have no internet access
 I've got no ability to check email or social media or anything and all I can do is sit and think and
 Plan the water with my kids and my family and it's been really fun
 But during that time I had time to think about some things and so I want to share with you some of my thoughts today specifically about
 How much we produce and how much we consume?
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so last year when I was on Lake Powell was the very first time I had a chance to start reading Alice
 Shrugged and to me has heard me. I did a podcast with Josh for dear at least years was like four or five out of one podcast talking about the
 Shrugged and I'm not gonna get into that today
 But as I was preparing for our Lake Powell trip that we do every single year with our kids we come down here
 We get a houseboat and we just have a fun time some of our family and friends and stuff
 I just kind of started craving that book again because I read it last time I was on this trip
 I started thinking about it and I was like oh so I started listening to the audiobook again on the drive down and
 Well, I've been here doing some my free time listening to audiobook and just it's been really fun to hear it a second time and
 It was interesting the first time you read a book especially book like Atlas Shrugged
 Which is I think it's like fifteen or sixteen hundred pages. It's it very intricate story like I and Rand wrote it in the 40s or 50s
 And it took her I think eleven years to write the book fact took just like the John Galt speech alone took her two years to write
 Which is crazy and so in a story like that people back down like I got a
 photocopies of the original manuscripts wasn't like on a computer was on typewriters like handwritten and so
 When someone's writing something that complex and spending eleven years on it
 There's a lot of things you don't catch the first time through these storylines are so cool and these things are happening in
 Conversations you missed the first time around Austin. Oh my gosh. This is so cool. It's just been a really fun experience
 Had to read go back into that book again and really enjoying it and was interesting
 To me is I remember where this came up and it's not specifically tied to the book
 But the thought that you know you're reading a book and the I've thought start popping your head and the thought I started thinking about a lot was it was about
 Basically our job as entrepreneurs or people for that matter is to make sure that we are
 producing more than we're consuming right and
 And to really understand this I think one of the core
 Lessons or things you have to understand is just how money works right how people make money in this world and money is a byproduct of value
 Right, so like the more value you provide somebody or a group of people the more money make right?
 So for example if someone is an accountant
 Right they may make I don't know how much accounts make let's say a hundred grand a year
 I just make numbers easier so and they have one client and that clients pay a hundred grand a year and they're making pretty good money
 Because they're providing value to that one client, right?
 But they make a hundred thousand dollars a year be which again depending on where you're at
 That's either a lot of money or not very much money
 But you take that same accountant instead of them just being an account for one client if they say man
 This is I want to I want to I want to provide more value in the world that account can start their own accounting company
 Right and they can take on say one client take on ten or twenty or thirty clients
 Maybe they need to hire some associates and hire some
 You know some other accounts underneath them and eventually they've got a business
 We're now there doing accounting for say a hundred people right and that little accounting company might make a million dollars a year
 Right and the the account who started it might take home, you know four or five six hundred thousand dollars a year
 And so he still got the same amount of hours in the days anybody else
 But he was figured out he or she figured out a way to provide more value right instead of just doing
 Accounting work for one person and making a hundred grand
 They do it for 20 people now and they make a million and they're you know, they have more cost now more risk
 They've got to pay for other employees and they got to pay for these different things
 Because they're able to provide more value. They end up making more money, right?
 So money is a direct correlation to value and so it's like just a core principle that I didn't understand for a long time
 It's the reason why a teacher who works in this school, you know
 It could be super most talented person in the world great best teacher in the world
 But if they're teaching in there and they're teaching for a classroom and they're getting paid
 You know, they're fifty sixty thousand dollars a year as a teacher and and you know, they teach the kids to come through like that's
 That's all the money they may out loud
 They're able to make because they're not fighting any any more value
 Right where if that same teacher took their message and started publishing a YouTube channel and started reaching millions of people
 They may make you know go for making
 Fifty sixty thousand dollars a year to a million dollars a year teaching the same stuff
 But they're getting up to more people, right? So now instead of
 I don't know a hundred kids a year learning hearing their lessons in a school now like any million people
 You're listening to it through through a podcast or through YouTube channel through some other means and they're providing more value and more people
 So that's how they make more money, right? It's always things are tied together and so
 That's like one principle for I think everyone understand if you if you don't know don't right now
 If you like I'm not making up money
 Well, what how much value you providing you providing to one person here right that same service to ten people the twenty people like
 The more value you provide the more money you're gonna make like it's just a it's the natural order of things is how how it works, right?
 and so
 The thing that I was thinking about recently was just
 How important it is that we are providing more value or producing more than we're consuming right in all aspects of life
 And I first start thinking about from a business standpoint where you know if you if you consume more than you produce what happens
 If you consume more than you produce right then you you go into debt and it's not good, right?
 It's like let's say you decided oh I make a million dollars a year
 But I want to buy a house but how it's cost three million dollars
 You go and you buy a house both three million dollars. You're two million dollars in debt
 You're consuming more than you're producing therefore you're in trouble, right?
 And so if you want to have something bigger nicer, but you know whatever it is you have to learn how to consider
 Sorry, I can get produce more than you consume that's gonna give you give you more money, right?
 And this book out of the shrug that wasn't one of the big things it talks a lot about it's just the producers right and and in the book you've read it there
 you know the
 society is trying to
 to
 you know give everyone based on what they based on their needs and their their wants not so much their their production and
 and
 you know the the premise of Atlas shrug is these producers right that they need to be going out there producing and and
 eventually the producers are going strike because it's not worth it for me more because of all the government regulations and
 Social pressures and all these things that make it where it's no longer beneficial for them to actually become producers
 But in the world we live in today like that's it like if you want to make money you got to produce more right?
 We have create more value
 and if you want to you know save money if you want to
 Get nice things you have to produce more than you consume and so that's like a universal principle. I started thinking about it
 Just this week's I've been sitting on the boat and eating more than I normally do and I noticed that I am consuming more than I am producing
 Right so for our bodies. What do we produce like we produce energy? We go and we work out we run we we walk we do things right?
 And if my if my production is more than my consumption what happens I lose weight right?
 But if I consume more than I produce so I'm eating more calories than I'm burning then I gain weight
 Right and I'm watching my kids running around and it's funny because I feel like I'm active
 I'm an active dad, but I watch my kids running around and they're they're
 Like they're producing so much energy and burning so much that they can eat whatever they want. They say you know tiny and
 Skinny and it's crazy because they're they're producing so much right as we get older
 We keep consume we consume more and more more because we got bigger bellies and we can eat more and we you know all these things and
 Though we we produce less right we don't exercise as much we don't run we're not running around like when you know
 I look at my daughter Nora when she goes from one end of the house for Taylor
 She doesn't walk she's sprinting the whole time, you know and then they're just producing more energy which makes them lose more weight and so again the the if you look at
 weight loss or energy management like it's it's
 The the goal again is to produce more than you consume
 And so I think about how universal a principle is in all aspects of life right in a relationship
 I want to make sure that I am producing more value to my spouse and I'm consuming and so we're in a great relationship, right?
 All of us need to be focusing on that on production producing producing energy for your body producing value from the marketplace producing
 happiness for your spouse for your kids like
 Like bad things happen when those that metric gets flipped when we start consuming more than we produce right?
 We can assume more food than energy produce what happens we gain a lot of weight and it gets really hard right we we
 Consume more stuff than we have money that we've produced
 You know we then we've consumed more than the value of producing what happens we get into debt we start
 Um, you get upside down. We don't have any in savings
 We don't have any money to invest like because we're we're doing those things right or in a relationship
 If you are consuming more than you're producing it's a lopsided relationship. It's not fair to anybody
 And so this becomes this universal value a universal thing in all aspects of our life
 And the more I keep thinking about the more use cases I keep finding for this one thing
 It's this ratio of production versus consumption
 And so for any of you guys who like I want to I want to consume more I want to eat more cool
 You should do it, but you got to produce more energy so you can burn that way, right?
 If you want it nice or stuff you want to consume more I want a nice house. I want a nice car
 I want a nice whatever cool do it that means you got to produce enough to be able to afford it
 You have to create more value produce more value and then it's okay
 We have a conversation last night with one of the teenagers here
 Um, and he said he asked me if I was scared when I bought my house or something like that
 We've kind of a crazy house
 And I said no because like if you look at like
 Based on you know the average person buys a house and takes them 40 years of paid off
 And so while their house may cost way way less than mine
 Um
 I was able to come out and pay my house off in two years, right?
 Maybe it's three years anyway, whatever it was, but it's because I was producing more and so
 Um, it actually like an erasure wise. It wasn't very much
 Right because my because I was producing more value and which made me more money
 Which now made it so that I could I could buy this house and it didn't seem like a lot, right?
 Just like my kids can go and they can literally sit down at dinner and eat
 8,000 calories and they don't gain a stitch of weight, right?
 Where if I
 You know if I if I'm over 1,800 calories in a day, I start gaining weight, right?
 Because I'm only producing 1,800 calories worth of energy in a day
 So if I'm if I'm not there, I start gaining weight really really quickly, right?
 um
 And so it all comes down to this this ratio and so anyway, I know it's it's common sense, right?
 We we know these things
 But it just gave me a different way to kind of look at things because it's a universal principle in so many areas of our life
 Like how much are we producing? How much are we consuming if we're consuming more than we're producing?
 We're gaining weight. We're in debt. We're having these problems, right?
 So if you're in any of the things any area of your life where you're struggling
 Look at this ratio. Are you producing more than you're consuming?
 If so, you're probably in a spot where your relationship's great or your your energy and your body's great or your bank accounts great or wherever those things are
 And if not, I bet you that that ratio's off. It becomes a very simple thing now for us to look at to diagnose and figure, okay
 I want these things or I'm trying to do things, but there's a math problem here, right?
 I am consuming more than I'm producing in this area in my life
 I got a double triple quadriple down to produce more than I can consume what I want to because now the ratios make sense, right?
 You can go buy a $20 million house. It doesn't matter if your production's height if now the ratio works and it's it's not insane
 Right. The insanity happens the other way where you're consuming more than you're producing. So there's the math problem. There's the metric
 There's the thing to start thinking through
 Um as I was thinking about it again for myself, it just got me excited and started thinking about all the areas in my life
 I'm not happy looking specifically this one ratio
 Am I consuming more than I'm producing? If so, that's probably why I'm in not happy
 Probably don't have the energy probably not the money. It's probably not the relationship because I'm
 Consuming more than producing. So there's a lens to look at the world through for all of you guys
 I hope you enjoy it. It's been fun for me over the last couple of days
 That's in here on the boat. So the boat looking at different areas of my life and realizing
 Either I'm doing really good or really bad and it's all coming down to this one ratio of production versus consumption
 I hope you enjoy this. Thanks again, guys. I appreciate you and hopefully you're having great summer vacations as well
 Enjoying time with your friends and family and uh, I will see you guys back here on another episode soon
 Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 Questions um through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, and the phone over you text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So when you do right now, it's play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
