 What's up everybody good morning welcome to marketing secrets podcast today is a very very very very special webinar day
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right everyone I'm pumped for today
 Because today there's a webinar happening selling click funnels. I guess what I'm not the one selling it ah
 I'm freaking out. I'm so excited
 and
 There's a principle inside this that I want to share with you guys that I think is like
 like
 groundbreaking life-changing business evolving
 amazingness and so
 excited to share with you during today's episode so hopefully if you guys have
 Read the dot com secrets book or the expert secrets book or listen to me talk at all over the last decade of my life as
 I have been talking to entrepreneurs and sharing some of the most important things one of the most important things to talk about is
 Building out your attractive character. So the track the character is the personality of your brand that will be communicating with your audience that
 builds rapport that
 Cells there's all those kind of things right and it's interesting because the the flack I get
 often
 From people who hear me talk about track characters like oh, well if you if you focus your business on track to character
 you can never sell your brand blah blah blah blah blah blah and
 It's kind of annoying but alas those critics are alright. It's very very difficult to sell a personality brand
 It's only been done a few times that I've seen and it's hard because you if you are the personality, it's really hard to sell the brand
 so how do you
 but then on top of that having the personality is what
 Let's you build and scale a brand at record heights like faster than you ever could without it
 So so where is the middle ground here like that's the thing and so when we're building click funnels
 I thought a lot about this kind of like look someday click funnels is probably gonna be worth like
 I don't know a
 Bajillion dollars or more and maybe when I'm like 90
 I want to retire and that'd be cool to sell at that point
 but it's gonna be hard if 90 year old Russell's the dude on the pitch videos and they're like well
 When you die Russell's those click funnels like that's not good for anybody including me
 And so I was like strategic thing like how do we do this?
 How do we do it and remember before we launched I was like okay
 Well, we're gonna use attractive character because we know it works
 And it's gonna be the fuel that launches the thing into the stratosphere
 But I was like long term it can't just be me it has to has to shift
 I don't know how that was gonna work or I didn't know the behind it
 But I was like I know we're gonna do that like we're gonna hopefully build a community where other people become funnels
 Actually, other people are teaching and doing this stuff
 It's not just Russell and I've noticed that I've been watching as that's happened and so a lot that's been cool is that
 Other people are teaching and doing it and you look at most of the industries
 There's Cairo gurus teaching funnels now. There's dental gurus teaching funnels. There's Jim owner gurus
 Like it's amazing. I love it like I the more of that happening the better for me and I love it
 but
 It didn't really really address like the whole attractive character thing because it wasn't being published from headquarters from corporate
 what if you want to call it right and
 It's been interesting. I think the first evolution of a business is that you
 Usually or whoever that person is in your business is the attractive character first, right?
 And that's awesome
 But eventually what needs to happen for you to start going to the next level is the attractive character
 I can't stick just stay with you if it just stays with you it it can't get scalable
 and so if you've watched over the last two or three years you've probably noticed me consciously doing this is
 I shared less and less of like Russell Brunson stories and share more and more of
 the stories of our members, right? And so like our
 Success stories our students they become the attractive characters. That's the second level, right?
 So and send me talking about Russell. I talk about Caitlin Poland Brandon Caitlin. I talk about I
 Talk about Tre Luell and I talk about I can show you know all the people like I'm talking about them and they become the attractive characters, right?
 My success stories become attractive characters. They're the practical application of what I'm teaching and talking and telling about
 And so that's the next level is that and then there's a third level that
 For those who have been paying attention you've probably noticed me do over the last probably seven or eight months where the attractive
 Character is not me and it's not my clients. It's the clients of my clients, right?
 So if you notice my language patterns now when I talk about
 People inside the ClickFunnels community. I'm not talking about oh Brandon Caitlin made a million bucks
 I talk about Brandon and Caitlin have changed the lives of 1.3 million women
 These women who struggled with weight loss their entire life. They now are able to lose weight Tamla Wiebel
 Who has been able to help doctors who commit suicide?
 They are
 you know they and how she saved their lives and how and now because the doctors life's been saved because whatever, right and
 I could go on on like all these success stories, right?
 But what's interesting notice my language patterns is that I'm not just talking about the person not talking about Brandon and Caitlin making you know
 Blah blah blah millions of dollars because that's it's good. It's better than Russell making million dollars
 But then you know the second level is is there the track to character they're making millions dollars
 But the third level is talking about the success stories of their of their clients like that's that's three levels deep
 Right and so you'll notice me as I talk now and I teach and I share and I present
 I'm always talking about
 Three levels deep not my stories not my success story stories
 But their client success stories and that's like the third layer
 Right and so that's kind of like what you're looking at like how do you how to get those different layers?
 It's not something that happens immediately like if you start they want talking about the success stories of your success stories
 That doesn't really work right and some businesses aren't ever gonna lean towards that where it's actually possible
 I
 Think they are though. I just think about for let's say for Caitlin's business right like she she's lost weight
 She helps other people lose weight, but then the real impact is not that that her people lost weight
 It's like now they're better wives and other mothers and better like in that they can serve more than community and like look all the impact
 They're having right so it's like the impact of your clients is like the next level
 Anyway, so there's three levels deep in attractive characters
 So so for me, I was like we got a transition from Russell being attractive character to our to our
 Our students our users our customers being attractive character to the customers of our customers are ultimately the attractive character
 They're the fruits of this whole thing right?
 All right, so that's the first thing I want to talk about now I want to step back one level right so for me now again
 For the last three and a half almost four years now
 It's been Russell and stay talking about let me click funnels click funnels and this week today
 Ah today like three and a half hours is the first
 Time that we've done this where Caitlin Poland is doing the funnel hacks webinar
 But it's telling her is her telling her stories hurts me everything and then she but she's selling
 My product at the end so my success story is now becoming the attractive character, right?
 Which is so so exciting so cool and basically I'm excited to see she doesn't today
 I basically gave her my slides and said look the offer has to say the same still the fun hacks offer
 I guess worse
 That's what we're offering people but you have the right to tell your own story sell it however
 You would sell it and so she's been working for the last like month and a half doing this and it's gonna be really fun to see her
 her do it today
 And if it works well that I'm probably gonna go to other ones my students and have them create
 presentations on their success stories and then selling my offer and
 You know hopefully if we do one of these a month or next 12 months
 We could have 12 of these are 24 of the next two years who knows how many but now it's like Russell and my presentation
 My story because one of many different ways to to sell I'm one of many attractive characters inside of click funnels and
 And that now makes my business very sellable because if Russell this appears doesn't matter
 We have 12 other people who have Kalen's presentation is selling people we have so-and-so's presentations with other people and that's really the
 the excitement and the magic for me so
 I'm excited
 This is the practical application of like three and a half four years of like trying to brainstorm and think through how this is even possible
 And I never knew until it's funny cuz I've been I've told Kalen four or five times like man
 I wish you could be the the the attractive character for click funnels
 I wish you could be the pitch person she always laughs and then like two months ago
 I was like wait what if you really were and and
 Like what if we did something like this we kind of put together a plan and idea and they were like in Brandon Kalen
 We're like yes, we're willing to do that like that's awesome
 So it's gonna be good for everybody they get it royalty and all the sales that happens through this webinar funnel
 And through all future sales that come through it so it's huge win for them
 She's going for us it gets a different angle different attractive character different person out there
 And they can still focus on their business long term. They spent you know the time to develop this this
 This presentation and they'll get paid on it for the rest of their life
 So it's kind of a it's like a super cool win-win. So anyway, if you guys start thinking about that
 start thinking about
 You know obviously first phase of pain with your eyes
 You need to double down on the track of character
 It gets important even if you're I agree you read some stupid business book or something's like if your braces the brand
 You could never sell your company. Just realize that person's not creative unique and they have no vision on how to actually change the world
 So don't listen to them folks on the track to characters important
 It's good how people will connection with you and with your brand
 Otherwise they're gonna be going feature based on features and they're gonna leave you when someone comes out with a better
 Mouse trap
 So that's number one number two then focus on helping people have as much success as humanly possible
 So you can transition to them becoming the attractive characters
 Yeah, and then someday training those people and how they can actually give a presentation
 You know one thing that was not strategic, but looking back now
 It makes me seem like I'm a genius is we've taught how many hundred thousand people how to do my presentation how to do a perfect webinar
 So it's like there's people we've developed I can do that
 It's like find your success stories and then help them train them to be able to give a presentation to
 To sell your products or through their lens through their view and third is start focusing on the success stories of your success stories
 That's the third the third tier of this and that's when you're focusing on the impact of your success stories, right?
 and that's really the I
 Think I think the level where you have to get the attractive character to really have the impact you want right?
 And obviously like we said someday if you did want to sell or step away from the business or whatever
 It takes the pressure off of your shoulders. So anyway, I'm excited. I'm pumped
 This is the first application of this concept and we'll see how it goes stay with Caitlin. She's gonna crush it
 She's amazing. She is one of the best presenters one of the best salespeople
 I've ever seen and she's that's such a good heart like me. You've heard her story. She's changed 1.3 million women's lives
 Like who does that like it's it's insanely cool and her husband Brandon's just amazing as well like I've never seen
 somebody
 execute as
 Consistently and as quickly and as as perfectly as him and it's fun watching those two as a as a couple having so much success
 And they deserve every minute if anyone's ever like oh, well, they go lucky
 No, like they're insanely hard workers insanely talented. They fall directions
 They they model they're able to put their own angles on things around spins they improve everything they touch and they're just amazing human beings
 so proud of them and this is like this really cool unique culmination of
 the last three and a half four years of their story to have them come back now and and pitch and present the
 The product that was the one that made them have all the success. So it's amazing. Anyway, hope you guys have amazing day today
 I cannot wait wish came luck by time you guys hear this it already have happened
 But if you want to go and see the presentation, I'm sure we'll have a replay up at ladybossmovement.com
 Again, thanks for everything you guys and we'll talk to you soon. Bye
 Want more marketing secrets? If so, then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert seekers calm and book number two is called
 Dotcom secrets and you get your free copy at dotcom seekers
 Dotcom inside these two books you'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back
 SaaS startup company in the world
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
