 Hey, this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I am the middle right now of the traffic seekers book launch
 Which means I'm doing podcast interviews Facebook lives
 a million different things publishing everywhere and having a lot of fun to this virtual book tour from the quarantine of my home because right now
 We are in the middle of the coronavirus and so everyone's locked away at home
 And it's been kind of a nice chance to sit down and only focus on publishing and talking and sharing
 sharing stories about the book so that's kind of happening right now and
 What's interesting is
 Something something came out of one of the interviews. I wasn't planning on I've talked a lot in the past about
 how your dream customers either moving towards pleasure away from pain and the interview asked me
 How that relates to today's market and my answer kind of surprised me and then like I've done
 I was like that turned out to be really cool. I need to show out on the podcast. So we're dedicating whole episode to that
 So that said I'm gonna keep a theme song when we come back I'm gonna talk about
 What's happening this economic time and how understanding if your customers moving towards pleasure away from pain can change everything for you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing sickness
 All right, so
 As you know with in most decisions most people make their decisions based on one of two things
 they're trying to move towards pleasure where they're moving away from pain and
 What's interesting is in the last man last eight to ten years the the economic market has been amazing right?
 It's been awesome super successful and so because of that people have a lot of certainty a lot of
 They feel comfortable and so because of that a lot of people when they're making their buying decisions or making their decisions moving towards pleasure
 Right like they want to you want a bigger house. They want to live happier
 They want to be you know they want to get six pack abs they want to feel good
 They want to like make more money to make a decision towards pleasure. What's interesting though is now that this whole coronavirus hit
 There's been this huge shift now everybody has shifted where
 There's fear. There's uncertainty right when there's uncertainty the market there's it causes people fear and pain
 And what's interesting is that even two weeks ago?
 Most people were making their decisions moving towards pleasure where today most people are now making decisions about moving away from pain
 So what does that mean for you? It means for you? You got to look back and say okay?
 Are the products and services that I'm selling right now are they helping people to get out of pain?
 Okay, or my or my position them a hundred percent in a way to get towards pleasure
 Right like when I started the traffic seekers book launch my my plan was to for the most part talk about getting
 Moving towards pleasure like if you want your business to grow you need more customers if you want
 You know if you if you want to make more money if you want like all those kind of things that was gonna be the message of the
 Traffic Seekers book launch a little
 I know that the day the book launch happened that most of the world is gonna go on quarantine
 We all be living out of our homes and freaking out
 What's crazy is the day before the book launch? I did a Facebook live to the ClickFunnels
 Community talking about the coronavirus and and you know how we can thrive in these economic times
 And I kind of went deep in that in fact
 I shared it here on the podcast so you get such a chance to listen to it and writing for the call like literally like a minute
 Before I jumped on the Facebook live Dean Graziosi jumped on and he said something really really powerful
 He said he said you know during the last crash
 He's like before I before the crash happened there were 50 guys on infomercials
 Talked about how to get how to make money in real estate
 I was one of 50 guys he said and then the the markets crashed everything fell apart the economy got destroyed
 He's like what all of a sudden done. He's like within a year
 I was the only person still on TV and everyone's like how you making it work them our ads are working our commercials don't work
 He said the thing that I've discovered that everybody else missed is like everyone else's their ads were talking about moving towards pleasure
 Right like how to make money in real estate how to set up your family for success?
 Like how to get rich like in all these things
 He said I shifted my message from real estate is how to get rich to real estate is the life preservers
 How you protect yourself in a down economy and he's like I shifted I shifted my message to to how my product or my service of life preserver
 My product was the same now I marketed it was different and I think that that was the big
 Aha today was like you have to understand right now is that the we're in a time
 And I don't know how long it's gonna last two weeks two months two years who knows
 But we're in time and our people have fear right and so they're not gonna be making as many decisions moving towards pleasure
 And they are making decisions moving out of pain
 So how can you position your product instead of being?
 This huge thing you know this this how to how to be moving towards pleasure
 But how can you make it a life preserver that gets them out of pain and if you look at the way we're promoting traffic secrets from the Facebook
 Lives the podcast interviews all things I'm doing right now
 I keep telling people literally traffic secrets book is a life preserver your business is gonna drown if you don't have customers
 This is book is about it's how it's creating a life preserver for you to be able to earn these crazy times
 They still have customers coming in your door
 and
 It's just a little shift, but I think it's so essential for everybody to understand so again
 If you think about this and get set like literally section one of the secret number one in the in the traffic seekers book
 I talk about thinking of your dream customer and then are they moving towards pleasure away from pain and marking your ads towards those and
 When I wrote that chapter it was again in a good time
 I was saying look you'd write different ads the people moving away from pain then you do the people moving towards pleasure and you target them differently
 Okay, but today I would I would suggest that you know before I would say before it was probably 80 20
 or 80% people moving towards pleasure and 20% made the decisions moving away from pain
 I would say today is probably flipped which probably 80% of people are making decisions about moving
 That move them out of pain and out of discomfort and 20% of making their decisions about moving towards pleasure
 And so it's your job to come in there to be that be that that voice is gonna help them to get out of pain
 that's gonna help them to
 To have faith and hope in a brighter future and things like that and so the question for you is how can you reposition?
 How can you rebrand? How can you?
 How can you market your product differently as a life preserver as opposed to a magic pill?
 Anyway, I hope that helps you guys in whatever part of the journey here and how we're serving
 This is probably the most vital most important time for all of us
 Who are who are gatherers to gather our people? I did a podcast a couple years ago talking about how
 We're all gatherers that we gather people and then we serve them and obviously I thought my role is I'm the gather of gatherers
 I'm gathering all these gatherers and I'm hoping I'm trying to
 Best my ability to set an example okay notice
 I've gone if you know, I don't where you follow me at but I've gone live on Facebook every day since this whole things happen
 Like I'm going live trying to spread hope trying to show the future trying to show how to navigate these crazy times
 giving people some
 faith in in a better world because if if the only thing we've got right now is a faith in this craziness
 It's gonna be scary for people. It's gonna be it's gonna be a hard time
 So it's important for us to who are who are publishing who are who have a voice?
 To put our voice out there and to share and to talk and to give people comfort some anyway, hope that helps
 Few people need you it's time for you
 Don't be quiet. They need you they need to what you got to go out there and tell them to them
 All right, you guys. That's what I got for you guys today. Hope you're doing amazing
 If you don't have the book yet for some insane reason go to traffic seekers calm
 We're doing pretty long right now the books are literally free you cover the shipping handling
 I paid for the books and then we ship now to you the ship dates on tell me fifth but the book
 If you are now you can get the book you can download it that order form bump is the audiobook
 I read I spent three days in the studio reading it seven hours long
 So you can listen to the audiobook immediately can plug it in a ton of people have already finished the audiobook who told me it's really good
 So it makes me happy
 and on the
 There's a bunch of and like amazing bonuses if you go
 There's three or four presentations
 Excuse me from lucky lives. I think you're gonna love they're also part of the bonus when you get the product. So anyway
 Regardless it's time just to to for you guys get your life preserver go to traffic seekers calm and get it
 All right. Thanks. You guys appreciate you all and now we'll talk to you. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job
 Some years one funnel way and getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand this strategy
 Help you understand the tactics hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause this audio go
 Online and go to one funnel away calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
