 What's up everybody, it's Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Seeker's podcast.
 I have something that I'm really excited to share with you.
 You guys are in for treat today.
 So I've been working with Matt Maddox on a really cool project.
 Him and Caleb, they do a lot of really cool work in the streets, helping people at homeless,
 people who have lost fathers, things like that.
 And I wanted my kids to have this experience.
 So I'm working with Matt to have time for my kids and I to fly out there and like literally
 live in the streets for three or four days and work with the kids and help and serve.
 And I'm really excited for that.
 I've been working with him kind of getting that coordinated and scheduled.
 And at the end of one of our conversations, he walks me to this question that was just
 like, it just kind of caught me off guard and I was like, huh.
 And I sat there and I thought, right, 15, 20 minutes, I thought about it and then I responded
 back and I gave my answers.
 And I was like, give my answer.
 I was like, man, that was like the most effective, efficient questions like ever.
 I sort of think like, I could use these in so many more situations.
 I could use them with my wife, with my kids, with my, you know, people I work with, like
 just in all situations and such like a powerful thing.
 So afterwards I messaged Matt as like, can you box me the story behind those three questions?
 Cause that was amazing.
 And I think this is something that everybody in our communities to understand and to your
 to learn and to utilize.
 So basically the questions he asked me, I'll go through them really quick and then we'll
 jump into the actual episode.
 But the first question said, Hey, if you can answer three questions for me, the first question
 is, um, what do you wish I would keep doing?
 Number two, what do you wish I would stop doing?
 And number three is what do you wish I would start doing?
 And he told me, it's like, I used to ask Caleb that question as a kid.
 Um, you know, every, every, every, every week, every month.
 And he's like, he's like, the way I became a great dad is cause Caleb, Caleb taught me
 how to be a great dad by answering those questions consistently.
 I was like, Oh my gosh, like if I want to become a great leader, I would learn to ask
 those questions and my people will teach me how to be a leader.
 If I want to be a great spouse, I need to ask my spouse, my wife, those questions.
 And she'll teach me how to be a good spouse, you know, and, and if I want to be a good father,
 I was like, Oh my gosh, this is so powerful and so cool.
 So that's the three questions.
 Um, we're going to keep the theme song.
 We come back.
 You guys are having an intimate listening on a Vox back from Matt Maddox explained three
 questions, how he used it, how it's transformed his life.
 I hope that this tool is something you can use.
 I'm so excited about it.
 I'm going to be using it literally every day of my life from now on.
 And I want to make Matt Maddox for sharing it with me.
 And hopefully this tool will be beneficial to you as well.
 So the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending
 money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Good morning.
 What's going on?
 My flick.
 Congratulations on yesterday.
 I played God's blessing in favor.
 Caleb and I took a trip and we had a long chat about you and just love you guys.
 And I was actually sharing with him because I actually asked him.
 It was something I did as a dad.
 And it just kind of came from me.
 I asked him a lot of questions.
 And so when he was younger, I said, "Caleb."
 I said, "Is what dad's going to do?"
 I said, "I'm going to ask you three questions and here's what's cool about these three questions."
 Is the rule is this.
 Is you get to say anything you want and now.
 First of all, dad's not going to get one bit upset.
 I'm not going to get defensive.
 I'm not going to get my feelings.
 I'm actually going to be so thankful that you gave me this feedback.
 And I said, "You got to give me at least one thing and then you can give me as many as
 you want."
 So I would start off with, and these three questions are like, "What does dad need to
 keep doing?
 What do I need to start doing and what do I need to stop doing?"
 And sometimes how you ask them whether you need to start off saying, "What do I need
 to stop doing?
 What do I need to keep doing?
 What do you want me to start doing?"
 I think that was the pattern I would usually go with.
 And so when he would say, "You know, dad, I wish you'd stop.
 I wish you would stop correcting me in front of my friends."
 I would say, "Okay, well, first of all, Carol, thank you for sharing that.
 That helps me because I didn't know that bothered you."
 And so, you know, it created conversations where I could get even deeper feedback and
 it made him feel validated.
 And plus it really did help me.
 What I asked is to my wife or to my son or to my business partners, my friends.
 It's like the rawest form of feedback you can get.
 And it's somehow that you grow.
 And so anyways, it just made me an amazing dad.
 So then we'll be like, "Okay, well, Carol, thank you so much."
 And it's very important that it's out of setting whether you're taking a walk or like
 that you can really be in that moment, right?
 And that's not just in passing, but like it's, you know, we truly do the kind of sacred.
 And so anyways, I would say, "Okay, now tell me what I need to keep doing.
 Give me some things."
 And of course, like a lot of times kids might say, "Well, you know, keep telling me, you
 know, keep, you know, whatever, keep taking me to get ice cream."
 I don't know, but actually, you know, one time he's like, "You know, dad?"
 Well, this is, he said, you know, keep, you know, writing letters because, you know, he
 goes, "You don't realize it, but I love these letters that I get in my lunch box, but my
 teacher reads them to all my class."
 He goes, "So not only are you encouraging me, you're encouraging all my friends."
 So then that like, I didn't know that, you know, "Hey, share with me that teacher."
 It just like was awesome and how you did that.
 But anyway, so then one more, we'll be like, "Okay, well, tell me what I need to start
 doing."
 And that was my favorite because like, "Okay, what I mean by start doing is give me one
 thing I can do as a dad to make you feel safer, make you feel more loved, more encouraged,
 you know, whatever it is, what's something I can do better?
 Give me one thing."
 And I remember one time, "You know, dad, you always tell me you're proud of me, but it
 would mean a lot to me if you would be specific and tell me what you're proud of me for."
 And so that taught me a lot.
 So then like, you know what, those are the questions to your kids, to your wife, to your
 business partners, to those that are closest to you.
 In fact, I'm doing a deal right now where to those that are closest to me, I'm going to
 ask them all the same questions that I asked you.
 And I have all this.
 I was like, "Hey, I want you to tell me you will.
 I will not get hurt.
 I will not justify.
 I will not defend.
 I will get mad.
 I won't pull away.
 I won't give you the silent treatment.
 Like, "Ah, actually, it'd be so grateful even if it's the rawest feedback.
 You know, like yours."
 Like, "Dad, I'm going to ask you that question.
 Like, you helped me grow.
 You helped me be a better leader.
 That potentially, that feedback gave, saved me millions of dollars and, you know, helped
 me advance the mission forward."
 So anyways, that was kind of my thing with it.
 I think it's healthy for everyone to do it.
 And of course, obviously this requires you to add that humble personal growth mindset
 that, "Hey, I want feedback.
 I want to know if I do something that causes my kids."
 A lot of times, kids will say it.
 You know, I read a book one time called "Geez, Your Child's Heart."
 And it talks about how to get your children to open up.
 And it's, these are the little things that we can do as parents to get us even with our
 team.
 It makes them feel heard.
 It makes them feel validated.
 And then by you thanking them and then making conscious effort to, you know, make sure that,
 "Hey, you know what?
 I took your feedback to heart.
 Like, even yours, Russell."
 You're like, "I'm trying to like the feedback you gave me about, you know, not coming across
 so strong, said, "Oh, I slid other people."
 That was so valuable for me.
 Yeah, like I tell people all the time, like, "Dude, how'd you get to be such great dad
 as what's deep?"
 But the number one secret is, "Cale taught me how to be a great dad because I would ask
 him, you know, "Hey, you know, even though I needed to correct you, you know?"
 And we would talk through it.
 Like, you know, and it was just like constant communication about everything, which was
 huge.
 And just constantly listening to the requests that our children give on how they're motivated
 or inspired or, you know, whatever it is.
 But anyways, I just thought I'd throw that in there because it was definitely a huge
 breakthrough for us because for me as a dad or even as an, as a boss, like the more feedback
 I can get that's safe, then that only makes me a better leader, a better dad.
 And it does bond you with your wife, your kids, your team, when there's that, you know,
 that ability to just share all three, because all three are healthy, because then, you
 know, one of them's like, "Hey, this way you're doing amazing."
 The other one is like, "Hey, this is a blind spot."
 You know, you don't realize this.
 I, as your wife, as your kid, I want you to stop doing this.
 You know, I still ask him, "This was hard for me to ask him."
 You know, as an 18-year-old young man, but I still do it even on the way here.
 I was like, "Cale, I wanted to tell me."
 I was like, "You're not going to, you know, what the heck did exactly the same way I
 did?"
 And anyways, there's a bond that takes place when they feel heard, but also it's encouraging,
 because when I say, "Tell me something that I can give me one thing I can do to start
 doing," then you're learning.
 So then you learn what, you know, "Hey, what do I keep doing?
 What do I do that makes you feel loved?
 What do I do that makes you feel motivated and feel, you know, whatever."
 It is, I love you, man.
 Let me know anything else you need from me.
 Keep up the amazing work.
 We're here for you 24/7.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again, and really quick, I wanted to invite you to join, arguably
 the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community, and it is a challenge
 we call the One Funnel Way Challenge.
 You know, everyone in their business, in their life, they're one funnel way from something.
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from quitting your job.
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impact.
 Some of you guys are funnel way from growing your company to the next level.
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next
 funnel.
 Where you are in your business, this challenge is going to help you understand the strategy,
 help you understand the tactics, help you understand all the things you need to be successful
 with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now.
 Stop everything, pause the audio, go online and go to OneFunnelWay.com.
 That's OneFunnelWay.com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days, so go get started right now.
 OneFunnelWay.com.
 [MUSIC]
