 What's up everybody, this is Russell Brunson.
 Welcome back to the Marketing Secrets Podcast.
 Today, I want to talk about the intro of the Traffic Seekers book.
 I told you and I warned you that there's a storm coming.
 I want to talk about what's happening and how to prepare.
 So, the big question is this.
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everybody, hope you guys are doing awesome.
 Alright, so, I know this is like the last 12 months of our life, but especially like last month.
 There's just so much chaos, so much craziness happening.
 We've had social networks shutting people down.
 We've had investment things like Robin Hood and the GameStop.
 There's just so much chaos coming around and I don't even know how to address all the things.
 I'm going to try to address all things.
 All I'm going to tell you guys is when I was writing the Traffic Seekers book two years ago, in the intro, if you remember the intro of the book says there's a storm coming.
 I talked about how just so you guys all are aware, there's a storm coming.
 We got to start preparing ourselves for that today.
 I just know that it's getting crazier and scary.
 Anyway, I'm kind of excited because last night when I was getting ready for bed, I opened up Facebook real quick and I was scrolling around and one of my buddies, Justin Brooke, he made a post and I want to actually read that to you because it's exactly like what I'm been on my mind for the last week or two.
 I wanted to share with you.
 This is what he wrote.
 If you have known Justin, Justin's an amazing marketer, I actually met him almost like 15 years ago.
 He came and did an unpaid internship for me.
 I was at the time trying to figure out how to get free employees.
 He was like, "Hey, who wants to come work for me for free for a month?"
 He applied and he said, "Yes."
 He flew out and worked for me for 30 days and got to know him really well and been a friend and a fan of his since then.
 Anywho, so this is what he wrote.
 He said, "I ain't smart enough to know what's going on, but I ain't dumb enough to not see something's going on."
 Know what I mean?
 For me, that means farming equipment, SEO, email subscribers, and social following.
 Layers of redundancy.
 If they cut off my ads, I'll still have SEO.
 If they cut off my social, I'll still have my email.
 If they cut off my SEO and my email, I'll have my little farm to at least keep me indoors and fed.
 If he gets any worse than that, I'm pretty sure there's not much else I could do anyway.
 I pray that the worst it gets is they just leave us to ourselves in the woods.
 I'd be okay with that.
 Again, Matt, we've gone from, "Hey, just wash your hands," to, "Hey, if you don't vaccine, you get fired and no test, you can't travel."
 And that's your own, no hype, no theory.
 Just explaining the God's honest truth of exactly what happened and happening.
 Something's going on.
 It's just like if you think it's going to rain later on, you bring an umbrella, same thing here.
 No need to change your way of living, no need to go buy up all the toilet paper in town, no need to spiral in the fear, just have a plan B and C.
 Working slowly in your free time so you got fallbacks on fallbacks.
 You do it in your business, why not in your life?
 It's just good old-fashioned, sustainable thinking.
 So I read that and I was like, "Yes!
 Yes, that is so true."
 And I've been doing the same thing.
 If you've noticed in our business, I've been trying to diversify our traffic even more than it already was, right?
 I have been getting people to join my texting app, the community app, right?
 And growing people there, moving over there, we haven't been focusing super hard in SEO recently and trying to get SEO rankings up.
 We've been focusing hard on building our email list, building our text messages in this, building our desktop push list, like just different things to prepare for traffic, different things to prepare for if our audience gets shut down, right?
 If our email has got shut down, like, what would...
 We do, how would we survive, how would we pay for the bills?
 If our merchant account has got shut down, what would we do?
 These are all the things that we don't ever think about when times are good.
 I want to rewind back a decade ago.
 That's crazy.
 Ten years ago when I was building my company the first time, it's me that heard the story and I was trying to prepare and I had a lot of employees and a lot of things were selling and all sorts of stuff.
 And I thought we were doing well.
 In fact, the first year and a half, two years of the recession, we were doing great.
 Then something happened and what's crazy was like, my one choke point.
 The one thing we had was only one merchant account.
 And that merchant account got shut down and at the time it shook my entire company, almost 100 employees.
 Everything we were doing was screeching halt because one is the scariest number.
 And so in your business, you've got to start being prepared.
 If you've got one merchant account, how do you get two?
 If you've got two, how do you get three?
 If you've got one traffic source, how do you get two?
 If you've got two, how do you get three?
 If you've got one way to contact your following, look for a second or a third.
 If everyone's on Instagram, how do you get them on to Facebook?
 If everyone's on Facebook, how do you get them to YouTube?
 If everyone's on YouTube, how do you get them on email?
 If everyone's on email, how do you get them to text?
 How do you have some diversity so that when the storm hits and hopefully won't hit any of us,
 hopefully it doesn't hit me or you or anybody, but if it does, how are you prepared for that?
 Because we've seen the last 30 days at a blink of an eye, your social media can be gone, your Facebook can be gone.
 Your Instagram, your email, everything can disappear.
 It's just being prepared for the worst case scenario.
 What's interesting is, I have been reading this book and it's one of my favorite books now all time.
 It's called Outwitting the Devil.
 As you remind a pulling hill, it was crazy about it.
 It was actually written in the 1930s and Napoleon was too scared to publish it.
 He passed away, his wife had the manuscript and she didn't dare to publish it.
 After she passed away, then the family got it and found it and decided to publish it.
 The book is called Outwitting the Devil.
 By far, all of the pulling hill books, it's amazing.
 It's this whole conversation he's having with Satan.
 Satan literally laying out, "Here's the playbook. Here's how I win. Here's the secret.
 This is what I do. This is how I get people to become drifters.
 Here's how it explains the whole thing.
 It's crazy for my spiritual standpoint.
 It's like, "Oh, there's the playbook that Satan's literally using to try to take us over."
 From a personal standpoint, it's like, "Oh, here's the playbook that Satan's using to try to get me to not produce it."
 Not produce and succeed in life.
 Either way, it's one of my favorite books.
 In fact, I want to write a book about the book. That's how good it is.
 Regardless, there's not to bring that up.
 In the book, it initially talks about there's two things.
 There's fear and there's faith.
 Everything Satan's trying to do, the devil's trying to do, is trying to get you into a state of fear.
 Everything that Christ is trying to do or the gods trying to do is to get you into a state of faith.
 It's just like, "Man, I don't want to say anything to try to get people fearful but to get you to prepare.
 And have faith in something greater that's coming and being prepared for that."
 Anyway, I hope that this just comes as kind of a warning for everybody who's got a business now
 and who hasn't thought about that.
 When I had 100 employees and we were killing it and all these things were happening, I thought we were in touchable until we weren't.
 All it was was one merchant account decided that they didn't like us.
 It was crazy that I actually had 14 merchant accounts, but they're all the same bank.
 That one bank said they didn't like us and they were gone in a minute.
 And so it's just like having diversity, having backups, having all those kind of things.
 Do you back up your email database?
 How often do you have it somewhere beside your orders when they're coming?
 What if they decided they don't like you anymore?
 Do you have your, just all those things, it's just smart, be prepared?
 Anyway, that's my podcast for today.
 Thank you Justin, Brooke for the post and forget my head spinning on that.
 And for all you guys listening, there's a storm coming, but don't be afraid.
 Just have faith and prepare yourself and set up some backup plans so you're ready.
 And if you do that, then you're not going to be scared when the storm gets here.
 So, and if you haven't read OutWitting the Double yet, seriously, it is such a good book.
 You can get an audible, you can get the book version.
 It's worth the reading.
 So, all right guys, appreciate you all.
 Thanks for everything and talk to you again soon.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick, I just opened up a texting community,
 which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes
 every single day answering questions through text message to people who are on the podcast.
 And so, I wanted you to stop everything you're doing, pull your phone out and actually text me a message.
 Now, the phone over here text is 208-231-379-1797.
 Once again, it's 208-231-379-1797.
 When you text me, just say hello and then what's going to happen is it will add you to my phone
 and then it will send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations.
 On top of that, through this texting community is where I'm going to be giving you out free swag,
 giving you away free copies of my book.
 I'll let you know about book signings, about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more.
 Just want to make sure you are on this list.
 On top of that, every single day I'm sending out my favorite quotes, my favorite frameworks and things.
 You can get for free only through my texting platform.
 So, what you need to do right now is pull your phone and text me at area code 208-231-379-1797.
 One more time, that's 208-231-379-1797.
 I can't wait to hear from you right now.
 (upbeat music)
