 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast so excited to be here the yesterday and today
 You guys learn one of my top closing techniques that I use in webinars and sales letters and sales videos and Facebook lives
 And over and over and over again, and I might even use in other aspects of my life as well
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody, I hope you guys are excited today. I'm heading over to my son in school
 He's seven years old and today. I am the mystery reader
 And so what happens is about 15 minutes and I'm just sneak up to his door and knock on the door and then
 They open the door. I get to come in and read a book to him
 He doesn't know what's happening
 But they've been giving clues about who I was all week long. So every every Friday they do this was kind of fun
 So today's my day and I'm so excited
 Yeah, my book got some dr. Seuss with me and he was cute
 He was like dad if you are the mystery reader today, you should bring treats like all kind of treats you want
 He's like I would like they'd be cool make those oranges
 it's like those little oranges and then
 There's a little mini one's called and they're peeled and then you have like a you put celery thing in top
 It's like a little pumpkin. So my wife
 Spent all day today peeling little mini oranges and putting those things in so oh man. It's so cute
 We have to be asked just give him kind of anyway
 So then right now I had a few minutes. I want to jump on and just share with you guys because as you may or may not
 No, I rewrote a new podcast recently did first live last week after like
 Less than a day of writing it and there are tons of mistakes and errors and yet still was our highest grossing webinar all time
 So it worked good that spent last week rewriting it tweaking it
 It's been probably the 12 hours or so we were working on slides and just getting him just just so and then the webinar yesterday
 And it did awesome again. So it was fun and in that webinar as I do in most webinars
 I did a really cool closing technique that I love and so I want to share it. Yes, I think it's I think it's useful
 So the first time I've heard this there's a copywriter not was there is there's a copywriter
 It's the first copywriter. I was spent money on it
 Give him $8,000 for sales letter back in the day for product. I never launched I was dumb
 But yeah, I never even used it
 Anyway, it was called product
 I was creating called easing topia because everyone used to call newsletters like email lists like back then easing and so I was like easing
 Topia and it was gonna be like this
 Email otter responder than use email if you desktop notifications and back then that was like the buzz and I thought it was gonna be
 Yeah, my next I thought it was gonna be click fun. It wasn't just a case wondering I feel but in theory was cool
 I spent a lot of money so
 Anyway, so easing topia
 Johan box, Johan mark wrote a copy for it and I used to love reading his copy and
 One of the closest he used one time. I saw it was really cool
 It was towards the end and instead something at the very end the sales letter like
 Hey, I don't you know, whether you buy this product or not doesn't matter to me
 I'm still gonna be out eating say eating steak and and
 And and down you can find restaurants whether you buy this or not because this is not about me. This is about you
 You know, this is this is something will change your life
 It's not gonna change my life with an only by so I don't really care
 But this will change your life and I remember hearing that I was like, oh, that's so cool
 So I started incorporating that in a lot of places in my webinars. I started using it in
 Facebook lives are using it almost a place and so I if you notice when I'm selling something
 I do it almost every time now
 It's one of my favorite techniques when you get to the end because the end people the people aren't buying like
 $2,000 or $10,000 whenever the prices, you know, it's like oh Russell's just greedy
 He just wants money or all these things and so I just want to stay for them. I want them to know
 And it's true like it doesn't like it's like this is how I say I'm gonna go into character
 And I'm gonna pitch it as if I'm if I'm pitching right now
 So yesterday I was selling $2,000 course where you get click funnels plus you get funnel scripts plus you get
 Traffic secrets plus you get funnel hacking 101 and 201 it gets it's insane offer right so and I honestly anyone doesn't buy it
 Just is insane. And so basically I would go to this I'd go say something like it's like
 Okay, so
 Before we before we wrap up today, I just want to like state something right now because I know a lot of you guys are thinking this but
 This this investment was $2,000 like it is not about me
 Like whether you make this investor or not it will have zero impact on the quality of my life
 I'm not gonna eat anything different tonight for dinner. I'm not gonna change my the way I dress what I drive like
 I get literally means zero to me like I couldn't care less
 but the difference is that
 Like this purchase this investment like this can be everything for you, right?
 Like I'm not gonna notice whether you buy or you're not it won't change the quality of life at all
 But if you buy it's gonna change the quality of your life like I need you to understand that this is not about me
 This is about you. Okay, and that's why I created this because I want to help and I want to serve you
 Okay, and so that's what you guys need to understand like that's that's how this works, okay?
 so I
 Do a little cooler when I'm live because I'm actually live and the stuff flows better
 But conceptually that's basically what it is like I want I want them to understand like this
 This investment like they spent $2,000 in $25,000 make it doesn't change my life at all like I don't really care
 I hope they do because you know extra money is always nice in the bank, but it it literally won't change
 You know, I'm doing well. I'm fine. It's not gonna change anything
 I'm still gonna go on my daily the way that John box that you know, I still go on to my daily life
 I'm gonna be in steak and sushi and you know my financial goals with absolute certainty
 So this doesn't matter to me if you if you do not
 Can care less but it shouldn't matter to you because it literally could change your life forever
 And while you guys understand that like this is not about me
 It's not about if Russell's gonna make some money or you know if Russell's gonna whatever this is about you
 It's about you making a commitment and having the blueprint the vehicle the things you need to actually succeed with that commitment
 so this is about you not me and back on them and
 It helps a lot so I use it a lot and I hope that's a tool and a technique you guys can use as well
 and
 It's putting the responsibility back on their shoulders because when people are buying they're always trying to figure it out like
 Different ways to to take the responsibility off and one of the ones they use is like oh well
 This is just Russell trying to get rich like no Russell's already rich. He doesn't care
 $2,000 you give him he's not gonna see any of it half a little go to an affiliate half
 It'll go to support staff half of the building software like it literally does nothing for me
 This is about you not about me
 And that's the commitment I want them to understand I want them to make because when they understand that it's like wow
 This really is about me. I gotta do this. This is you know
 If I don't buy it's not gonna make that mean old Russell salesman any any different it's it's it's a personal decision
 It's something that's gonna affect them. So anyway, I hope that helps
 One of the thing I want to share the answer that was interesting today
 So we did the webinar and we double you know the price is double now the offer is like ten times better
 but the price is double and it's interesting because
 The conversion drawing I normally close about 15% was closer to 10 so we make more net money
 And I'll say that but it's interesting like the more think about like
 If you create a product where it's not all or nothing on the webinar, right? It's like
 Like I try to sell that but you if you're on the webinar and you don't buy click by the package
 I offer you still quite click funnels, right?
 And so that becomes like a two to three hour
 Coordination of how powerful is why they should use it why they need it stuff like that and I think that that is like that is the key
 So just throw that out there's free you guys to think through like if you're in webinars even not buying like
 if it's not all or nothing like
 Again, if you have a software program is easy because it's like you're selling a higher version software
 They can still use the software right?
 Maybe some memberships like you're trying to sell your access
 They can still remember ships site then it's not all enough and then it's just like even if they don't buy it
 they still now are moving closer towards you and more likely to
 To invest in you know the other stuff you got so don't think it's all enough
 It's not all buying or not buying its indoctrination. It's building relationships building cultures and all that kind of stuff too
 So all right, well, I'm at school. I'm gonna bounce. Thanks everybody
 I hope you have a good time and remember this closing technique will work for you and
 It's awesome. So there you go. Thanks everybody. Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.FunnelHacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
