 Good morning and good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing
 secrets podcast.
 So the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get
 our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 still remain profitable? That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets.
 Hey everyone so I'm officially back from Kenya. Ah crazy and it feels so good to be home.
 So nice. So much fun to see my kiddos last night and this morning and I just hung out
 and I'm heading the office light today. I'm not going to spend too much time there.
 Just kind of planning to prep in for next week. Next week is when world domination begins.
 It's also when my diet begins and my workout regimen and my new trainer and all of the
 other stuff. It's like a rebirth. I'm excited. One thing I'm bummed out about though. So
 I filmed all the story for the Kenya trip. I dropped my camera. I filmed everything.
 I was really proud of it. For a final octave I thought I was going to turn into a 3 or 4
 episodes. It was amazing. I left the SD card in the tent in the middle of nowhere. I totally
 want to cry. So I keep calling them trying to make them find them. They haven't been
 able to do so far. So you may or may not be able to see my entire trip. So cross your
 fingers. I'm able to find it. Hello I want to cry. Anyway I do something to share with
 the yesterday that you could be valuable. So got home and we're going through all the
 stuff and envelopes and packages and junk and everything and I got a card from somebody
 in the mail. It was handwritten. Excuse me some other person found my personal address
 which is kind of creepy. But they put forth the effort and they wrote me a letter and
 it was handwritten. He said to Russell I want you on my podcast and it's only going to
 take 7 minutes. Let me know if you're in. I read that and I gave her a Wi-Fi. I was
 like what do you think about this? She's like I don't know what sounds good. I said do
 you notice in this card he was basically telling me the benefit to him. Like hey I
 will be in my podcast. I got some benefit for him. He gave me one benefit. It only takes
 7 minutes of my time. But he didn't talk about what was in it for me. And I want everyone
 to understand this. When you're asking people for anything. This is you're trying to sell
 something. Trying to ask a girl on a date. If you're trying to whatever it is you're
 trying to do you always have to create an offer. And offer like I don't know if I've
 talked about this on a podcast before. But when I first started there was an acronym.
 I don't know. It's called W-I-I-F-M. What's in it for me. And so whenever I'm like pitching
 somebody on something I'm not telling them what's in it for me. I'm telling what's in
 it for them. I want the customer thinking. They're the person saying what's in it for
 me. So if I was going to pitch Russell on a podcast I wouldn't say hey so we're going
 to take 7 minutes. It's going to be amazing to have you on my podcast. Because all you're
 really doing is pitching like the benefits of yourself is having me on your podcast.
 You got to start thinking about let's see offer him creating Russell for him to take
 the time out of his day to be on my podcast. And again this is true if you're asking for
 me on a podcast. An interview asking a girl on a date asking a boy on a date. I don't
 know. Nowadays that happens I guess. You know asking for money. I always ask what's in
 it for them. Like what W-I-I-F-M. Thinking about that from their perspective. What's in
 it for me. What's in it for me. Like what is it that is in it for them. So I just said
 something like hey Russell I've got a podcast right now. I've got X amount of down listeners.
 My people are entrepreneurs that are obsessed with this thing. A lot of them know who you
 are but I want to get deeper so they can understand who you are better. And if you decide who
 is a podcast these are the things I'm going to do to help promote it. Make sure that the
 time you spend is in a waste. Number one the first thing I'm going to do. I start creating
 an offer right. Number one thing I'm going to do is the podcast will only take 7 minutes.
 It's not going to take a ton of your time so be really really fast. Number two after it's
 done I'm going to spend up to $2,000 promoting this on Facebook to make sure that everybody
 hears the podcast gets listened to you. Number three is my entire customer list. You know
 maybe it's not huge right now but I'm going to go and I'm going to do a big promotion
 for anybody who listens to the podcast to get a free copy of your book. In fact I would
 love to buy a hundred copies of your book. I can just give away to my listeners. Number
 four I know you are a big believer in OUR. It's a charity that you believe in. What I'll
 also do is in the podcast episode I'm going to tell everyone to go to OURfilm.org so they
 can watch the documentary you created so I can spread that mission. Number five I'll
 promote that to my entire email list so that they can understand about that way. You can
 spend 7 minutes of your time and what's going to happen is you're going to sell a bunch
 of books. You're going to get your message about what you are out there to the world
 and blah blah blah. Now it's like holy calico look at the benefit for me. All these things
 he's going to do for me in exchange for my 7 minutes of my time. That would have got
 me to take the card to my office, hand it to Melanie and say hey can you book this card.
 Instead I looked at it and I smiled and I put it into the trash. Hopefully the person
 who sent this is listening to it because it's a good idea for them. For all of you guys
 I'm not thinking about that. When you're asking somebody for something and it doesn't
 matter how small it seems to you. 7 minutes may seem like a small thing for you. But
 for me literally blew our time out at $10,000 an hour right now for the phone. 7 minutes
 is never 7 minutes either. There's going to be 10-15 minutes of prep time. I have to
 stop what I'm doing to do this thing. It's almost 15-20 maybe 30 minutes of swing time
 for me to do a 7 minute interview. If I was to sell that it would be $5,000 or more.
 I was like hey I got to wait at least $5,000 of worth of value for Russell for him to take
 this time out to go and do the thing. So start thinking about that every single time you're
 asking somebody for anything. It's just coming back and realizing I need to make an offer.
 I need to make an irresistible offer. Even though it seems like 7 minutes is not that
 big of a deal it's huge for Russell or if you're promoting or you're pitching that
 you're pitching on whatever the thing is you want to do. So just start thinking about
 that you guys. It's the same skill if you're asking an affiliate, if you're asking for
 an interview, if you're asking a customer we need to become better at creating irresistible
 offers. I'm going to preach that over and over and over and over again. In fact we're
 working on a challenge. Initially it was called the one the one comma club challenge.
 I think we're changing it to the one funnel way challenge. We're going to be working with
 you guys to get your first thousand bucks or to get you to the first million. Whatever
 the next the next one funnel way is that you're looking for for your business right. It's
 not like the focus but the majority of what that thing is going to be is teaching you
 how to create irresistible offers. So for you guys start thinking about every single aspect
 of your life. If I was going to ask a girl and I'm not going to come and do it, "Hey,
 do you want to go and date with me?" Because now it's like I'm going to say I'm going
 to create an irresistible offer and say, "Hey, I don't know if you know but there's this
 really cool band that's coming in town and one of my favorite bands in the world." There's
 a concert and actually I have a front row tickets to the concert. I would love to have
 you come. What we'll do is before we go to the concert we're going to get sushi because
 that's my, what's your favorite food sushi? Cool. We're going to get sushi. Then we're
 going to go to the concert. After the concert a bunch of us are hiking up this mountain.
 We're going to watch the sunset or the sunrise or something. It's going to be amazing. Then
 afterwards I'll take you home or we're going to have an early morning breakfast or whatever.
 I'm going to create a really good offer because then it's like then the person who
 asking our dates is not saying, "Okay, do I want to spend the night with this person
 or not?" They're saying, "Holy cow, if I spend night with this person look the benefits
 that come back to me. What's in it for me?" That's what your prospect is always saying
 no matter what the offer is. No matter what the pitch is, no matter if you are pitching
 a date, pitching a promotion, pitching an interview, pitching a sale, pitching a mastermind, pitching
 a seminar, pitching like whatever it is, they're always thinking, "What's in it for me?"
 You have to make that so irresistible. How do you create? How do you make a stack slide?
 They go back to expert secrets. Study the stack slide section, making a stack slide
 for everything. Literally everything. You guys, when I go to a movie, I don't call
 my friends like, "Hey, do you want to go to see the new Avengers?" I'm like, "Hey, guys,
 this is Jill Avengers, opening night tonight. I'm going to go bringing four of the people
 that are awesome. We're all going to go together. We're going to hit dinner before we go. We're
 going to watch the movie. I pitch them. I create an offer for them so that it's not just a product,
 not just a transaction. I'm trying to make it where the thing that I'm offering them is so
 much more valuable than I'm asking in return for them. They have to say yes. That's all it is,
 you guys. If you start understanding this in business and marketing and sales and everything,
 your entire goal is just make the thing that you were asking them so much more valuable than the
 thing you're trying to get in return. If it's money, if it's time, if it's whatever, make the
 thing you're offering them so much more valuable than what you're asking in return, and they have
 to say yes. That's it. That's the big secret. That's it. There's nothing bigger than that.
 That's it. People will have a value of their money. You have to create something that's more
 valuable than their money, and they'll give you their money. They'll trade you. That's it. If you
 want their time, you create something more valuable than their time, and then you trade it. That's the
 game. It's a really fun game. Hope you guys enjoyed this game. Anyway, I'm at the office. I'm going to
 go play for a few hours, get some stuff prepped and ready for the week. Then I'm going to head back
 home and play with my kids. We're going to have the time of our lives. If I'm not sound asleep,
 the thing is 8 o'clock p.m. Can you time? My brain's still a little bit slow. Somebody take a minute
 to take a couple days to get back to it, but it'll be fun. Appreciate you all. Thanks for listening.
 If you haven't yet, go to marketingsecrets.com/blackbook. Go get the Black Book with Julie
 Story and all my team. She went through 500+ episodes of this podcast, found the 99 that she
 got one of the best, and rewrote them into little 500 word chapters. Kind of explained the core
 concepts and give you direct links and back to those episodes if you want to go deeper on it.
 It's free. It's a PDF. It's like, I think, 300 or 400 pages, 200 or 300 pages. We spend a ton of time,
 ton of effort, ton of money getting these created for you. I think you're going to love it. Go to
 marketingsecrets.com/blackbook. Go and get it. You will love it. With that said, appreciate you
 all. Have an amazing day and we'll talk to you soon. Bye, everybody. Would you like to see behind
 the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company? If so, then go subscribe
 to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
