 Hey, good morning everybody. This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today
 I'm gonna talk about one of my strategies for
 Actually getting stuff done move forward
 In momentum all the things that we struggle with I think daily as entrepreneurs and as humans and so hopefully this one helps out
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Okay, so
 As you guys know we just go back and wake pal which is so much fun
 And I'm gonna say this I'm gonna sound like a total diva, but this is
 You know because Lake Powell is if you've been there before it's southern Utah the waters
 Pretty nice. It's warmish
 But even with water being warm
 You know how it is like you're on a boat and it's like super hot and then you go into water and you step in the water
 It's like ah it's cold and it hurts at first and you got to jump in and just so painful right
 And so this was an example from Lake Powell. This is true anyway, right?
 We also do water stuff at Lake at Bear Lake in in on the Utah Idaho border, which is freezing cold
 So this story makes more sense if you're thinking about Bear Lake
 And there's other lakes in Idaho that are cold that we go to
 So yeah, I'm gonna be kind of a wuss because it it was still cold in Lake Powell even though it's you know warm beautiful water
 But the story that I'm to share is the same either way, so
 All right, so this is the story. So if you look at whenever I go to Lake Powell, I go anywhere
 You always I would see people
 They're on boats with us you know and they start turning to go wake surfers ski or whatever they're gonna do and they get down to the
 Side of boat and they put the feet in the water like oh, it's cold. They like slowly get in like ah ah ah
 And so I was paying and they sit down and they get their legs in and then up to their waist and then oh and everyone you know
 And so I think that shock of cold water
 Um, and so I used to do that back of the day, but the problem with that is like it's so painful
 Right so you get down and you sit there's like oh, it's gonna hurt and the next thing
 Ah, it's gonna hurt and it keeps hurting hurting and finally eventually you all the way in and you're like ah just miserable till they pull you out of the water
 And so I had this idea a little while ago. I'm like if I do that every single time I get it so hard and so cold and just so painful
 Um, I said instead of me getting in slowly foot first
 Um, I'm gonna turn around and just dive in head first every single time and what happened to you dive in head first is you get the fear initially
 It's gonna be cold but then you jump in and you dive in and a couple things happen in one your your hands and head go first
 Um, and so I think that he maybe that turns off the pain receptors. I don't know probably not but um you feel like like it's like jolly
 You know, it doesn't feel cold
 You when you're diving in you go fast within a
 Fraction of a tenth of a second your entire body submerge and your that pains off like ripping a bandaid off right versus like slowly pulling it slowly pulling it
 Um, and so every time I get the water I dive in head first and I never had probably in the water
 Because I know it's gonna hurt but hurts for such a short period of time and then my head's all the way under I come back up and I feel great
 Instantly as opposed to most people who are you know spending 45 minutes getting in from the feet to the knees to the knees
 You know a feet to angle to knees to waist to your chest to neck and then they don't ever get their head under
 Unless they crash or they wreck where for me it's just like boom everything goes in fast
 And so the analogy is like diving in head first like if you do something and you decide to do it dive in head first
 Don't you know put your ankles in your toes and slowly move in because there's so many things so many pain points are gonna rip you away
 Try to get you to stop right and so the same thing is true with like anything in your life
 Whether it be business or a new opportunity or uh something you want to try it. Okay. It's another good example is
 My entire life. I said I've never I don't want to vote
 Like I don't want to vote
 Uh, and the reason why I don't want to vote because like with boat there's boat maintenance and cleaning and just all the things that come with that right
 So in my head, I'm like, I don't I don't want to vote no one about in this last trip
 With our family and you know my kids are getting older my teenage boys are
 The twins are starting the junior year next year
 So they basically have this summer next summer and then and then theory they can be gone like to college or
 Or not college or whatever they whatever they're gonna do
 And as we were sitting there on the the boats a week
 I'm like so cool because like you're on this boat it's small and kids want to be that I had a chance for a week
 I'm with my kids and we're having fun and we're enjoying each other and just like it's so cool and so special
 And the family that we go to to like power with
 They always have their really nice boat there initially a different boat and I was like what happened your old boat and they're like oh well
 We got a new boat. So we're starting that one and I remember we suddenly said that I had this like inkling like I should get a boat
 You know, I should buy it because like I know the boat I understand it's fun
 But they might you know my brain like no you hate boats. You don't want to vote like all the things right?
 This is the cool that's standing inside the boat and be like, oh no, I want to
 Wake surf and say oh, but it's cold and I don't want to do it and like that like all the things that they come with that, right?
 And I remember telling them it's the first week of my okay. I think it's like a 35% chance I want to buy your boat
 Then by day two, I'm like, okay. I think it's like 40% 45% day three. Okay. I think I'm like 75%
 And finally like by the last day of the thing I'm like, okay, I want to do the boat
 and this is now
 where
 I think a lot of people including me would have you know, this is where it's like, okay
 And I'm gonna step in and get my toes and my ankles and everything and I was like, no if I'm gonna do this
 I gotta dive in head first just like I do in the water like otherwise, I'm gonna back out
 I'm gonna wimp out and maybe always kind of things and so
 literally
 This is on last Wednesday. I tell them I'm gonna write a boat. And so on Wednesday
 Yeah, maybe it was Tuesday. Anyway, whatever it was we drive up
 To their house we strap the boat on and instantly I am now a boater
 And we go to the boats boat story about the anchors and the pads and the
 and the things we fill the whole boat up and then we drive up and
 Got to Boise and I had to learn how to back into my driveway to park it and and I'm a boat owner and then and then now like
 Traditionally, it would be like okay. I'm up to my knees now and then I'd be okay. We're gonna go boating in a week or two weeks without whatever
 But I was like, we don't boat like right now that I'm not gonna do this consider forever
 And so we booked a boating trip. So tomorrow we're going out boating with the boat and I gotta learn how to back it up
 Which now it's like I have to learn this I have to go take it to the to a parking lot and learn how to
 Back up a boat because that's not a little easy thing. And so I yeah all these things. It's like just jumping in
 Headfirst to force you to do the thing and so there's the analogy
 You know I shared it with you how we did it in the water and kind of shared it now how I did it with a boat
 But it's the truth anything like as soon as you make the commitment to do something
 You decide like I'm gonna do this thing
 Like I want to recommend all you then you jump in headfirst don't
 Wait in and step in slowly and have all the pain of all like every single step and every decision
 Remaking that decision over and over and over and over again like if you're there you're gonna do it
 You've committed to do it then dive in headfirst
 Myron golden spoke it
 Fun walking live on this and also we did the Mexico National White House speak on this we talked about
 The concept of deciding right i'm going to decide to do something and he said the decide means to cut like
 And so it's not just like i'm i'm gonna make decisions like you're cutting off all other options
 Like it's like a cutting
 I'm not going to do any other options. This is the thing that i'm doing now
 And so when you decide you cut off all other options then it's like, okay, I've decided i'm doing the same now
 You dive in headfirst now you go all in now you don't wait in you know slowly getting like you're gonna do it
 Dive in headfirst right now that doesn't mean just dive into ideas
 Blindly doesn't mean dive into opportunities blindly it's sitting back and before you like thinking through in your mind
 Studying it out is the right thing you want to do
 Um, you know like all those kind of things are what you do first but as soon as you decide as soon as you said yes
 I'm going to do this thing
 And you decide that's when you that's when you jump all in right?
 and so um
 Yeah diving headfirst that's one more share with you guys just that concept so
 Um anyway think about you know i think about the things you're doing life like when i decided i'm gonna marry my wife klette
 Like it was literally like i decided i'm gonna marry her the next day i proposed to her and then like
 Couple weeks later we're married it wasn't like okay. Oh, we're gonna get married
 Let's get engaged and then in like two years now i'm gonna be like no like i decided i'm gonna cut off other options and dive in headfirst
 Let's go like i made the decision so let's go and i think that's what a lot of people struggle with is they make a decision
 But they don't actually cut off the other options. They don't they they kind of decide i think i'm gonna do this and they start dabbling in
 getting the feet wet and then their knees and their ankles and there's a thousand points we can jump out and whip out on your decision because
 You let yourself do it. You didn't cut off all the options you didn't dive in headfirst
 um, and so
 Anyway, if you want to be successful in life, I believe it's you know, obviously
 Thinking things throughout your mind and then as soon as you decide and you you cut off all their options and you dive in headfirst
 And then you just start running
 Anyway, so hope they helped somebody hopefully if you're stuck with a decision or you've made a decision
 But you're not having success yet and you're dabbling and you're waiting in
 This will get you to stop right that if you've actually decided you cut off all their options and diving in headfirst
 Is the best wish I've ever been for. I think you guys hope you got something from this. I appreciate all for listening and uh, we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also, Dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bs
 Letter dot com not only you can get the $20,000 gift
 You also can get a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from dan kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bs letter dot com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
