 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson and we're welcoming you to a very late night marketing seekers podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. We'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone, hope you guys are awesome, so I am actually at the office is
 Almost midnight and I came to the office to grab some books because I am heading out on
 Disney Cruise in the morning with my kids and
 It's kind of fun. We're gonna be there for a week. It's for spring break
 But what's even more exciting if I told you it's a story yet or not, but
 When Alex Sharfin he was one of our two comic books coaches for the very first year of two comic books coaching program and his event
 Which was amazing he taught a bunch of stuff one of the things he talked about was
 like every company needs a Hall of Fame goal and
 And and then he's super bowl goal and then from there the reverse engineer
 You know your monthly goals your weekly goals your daily goals stuff like that
 And so we're thinking about that right. That's kind of cool. So we set a Hall of Fame goal for our family
 I think I had to talk about this once
 And so that was really cool and then we said a super bowl goal
 So for us the super bowl goal was we've been having this goal to try to read the Book of Mormon as a family
 For pretty much for forever. We never done it. So we said a goal like if we can do that
 We'll do a big prize so we told the goal the kids like me and the super early go to Disney and we guys want to go
 When we went when we hit our super bowl goal and they're like what a Disney cruise and so we said okay
 So we booked it out and it's like six months ago or so
 I'm saying a lot right now. It's beeping noises
 Anyway, so they went and we've been reading it and they got it done on Sunday
 So we're excited for going on this Disney cruise to celebrate and it was crazy as soon as the Disney cruises over
 We will be
 Coming home and my kids are gonna fly back to to Boise with Brent
 Co. Peters and his family Brett was then one of my partners now for forever
 He's also coming on Disney cruise with us. He's bringing his kids. They had the same goal. They've also they also hit it. So anyway
 It's kind of fun there
 They're gonna take our kids from from Orlando back to Boise and then
 Kletna are gonna be flying to Puerto Rico to go to the smash of my group even listen to my podcast for a while
 even where I did the secret Illuminati men's
 Retreat thing out. You know we call it anymore. Anyway, we're doing part two of that and it's gonna be in Puerto Rico where
 Brendan's got a house. I guess and we're saying some nice fancy pants play so we're flying from there and
 We're gonna be there for a few days. I mean with a bunch of cool people and so
 I can't tell you all the cool people. I probably can tell you any actually I shouldn't say but this means some amazing people there
 So we're really excited to do that
 And it's gonna be cool. So that's what's happening
 So I just got my favorite part of going on trips is coming to the office and looking at all my books and picking
 What three books am I gonna bring on the trip? So now so I just did right now is I picked my three books
 And now I'm heading back home to go start packing. It's midnight our Uber gets here at 4 30 in the morning
 So four and a half hours from now
 We have to it will be in new burst. Hopefully
 Hopefully we get all better time
 anyway, so
 I want to jump on today because I saw a lot of cool things happening. So
 First off again, this is going back time for those of you as my hardcore podcast listeners
 I'm talking to you right now
 Remember I talked about this goal I had this last year to transition away from being the all-star on my team to being a coach
 And the pain and the fear and all the things that are associated with that was crazy because it's actually happening like
 You know fun locking live happened then two weeks later
 We had our whole team come out and I kind of cast vision and then our team you know grabbed it and
 Julie's managing the whole marketing team now
 Which is what I would do and she's running with it and then I took the sweet off and I've been writing the book
 I'm into my house
 It's holy grinding the traffic seekers book and working on the rewrites for the dot-com and the extra seekers book
 Which has been really fun. In fact, I showed you guys my print my process for writing books now
 It's really cool. It all happens in Trello and it just makes it so much easier
 But I digress that's the lesson from the other day. I do want to tell you is it
 My process is different than some writers some writers like Julie for example
 Julie's doing when she sits down she wakes in the morning sits down and she writes and she like just pound out like
 I don't know 25 million words in it in like an hour and a half and she's done, right?
 My brain does not work that way for me. It's like I sit in front of a pad of paper
 for hours like five or six hours like just thinking like trying to like connect the dots and doodling
 I'm trying to like draw a picture that explains this thing that I know it's in my head and
 Then with the pictures, right you guys read my books and stuff from the pictures, right?
 Then the I can sit down I can write the chapter really fast because I have like I'm just explaining what's happening in this doodle
 Right in this picture and so today I had a really cool experience. It doesn't happen often, but what it happens
 It's so cool and it's it's um
 I don't know it's special
 I hope that you guys have a chance to fill this but when you're when you're focusing on your craft and you're getting out
 You're learning and you're like in this immersion phase and you're you're trying to like
 I don't know for me
 It's almost like a spiritual thing like I pray before I show write the books
 I'm hoping for inspiration and and listening to happen right then I'm sitting down and I'm writing and I'm writing and I'm writing and I'm
 Doodling and try to figure things out and today was cool because I was I was doodling singing and I just didn't make
 I can make sense but wasn't right and I don't know why it's just like it's close
 But something's missing on what it is like kept trying and tweaking and doodling and changing and then all of a sudden
 It was like a bolt of lightning
 I had this like this aha epiphany the inspiration the revelation whatever you want to call it
 And this concept popped my head and I was like oh
 My gosh is that true and she're looking at it
 I'm looking at it and I was like this connection that had been sitting there for 15 years right in front of my face
 And I taught around it. I've done around it our team doing parts of it
 unknowingly all of a sudden like it just popped in my head and I could see it so clearly and I was like oh
 My gosh and that basically I would switch the doodling move this thing here also was like
 It worked. I was just whole new like
 Like this I can't even explain it
 I took a picture of it
 I said it's like a couple people on our team
 I was like I had to explain this to you guys because I think this is brilliant, but I might
 Be missing something so like a vox and explained it and I listen
 I watch as they each listen like oh my gosh where did that come from like I don't know
 It's just when I was deep in immersion and focusing in like meta
 I don't know how meta tape like I was doing the thing like these connections start appearing
 It's funny because I remember that happening a lot of times when I did the dot-com secrets book and the expert secrets book where it's like
 Like it's funny now even when I go back and I read those books right it looks in the old programs
 I put together and I'm like where did that come from like I don't remember
 Like that concept that I did like that that's not for me like that's not something
 I made up like where that connection come from and it's really interesting and so I
 Share it because it's such a cool thing and if you have an experience that I want it
 I want to encourage you guys to create something right and it could be a book
 I don't have to be a book. It could be a course. It could be a product. It could be whatever
 I hope all the guys write a book. I think there's
 And actually writing a book like sitting down and writing it like
 Because it's different than you know reading a book and transcribing it and all kind of stuff like actually writing a book and sitting down and putting
 Pen to paper and typing other words and like trying to figure things out
 But I've had some work experiences when I study a lot what I'm not just like dabbling
 But I go to immersion right I can't even spend three days. I'm gonna learn this topic
 I'm gonna read everything and listen to every podcast. I'm just gonna geek out and merge myself for all of a sudden
 These weird connections you don't normally see start showing up. We're like oh my gosh this ties into that
 Which makes this possible and like it's the coolest it's the coolest thing and so it happened today and it was I'm grateful for it
 I just wanted to
 To say it for a couple reasons
 Number one hopefully it's a hook to make you want to read the book someday and be like what is that thing that Russell's talking about?
 And you'll see it in secret number one
 I guess literally the the core thing about moving towards pleasure and away from pain. There's the hint
 There's the hint for my die hard. So we're gonna be looking for that in chapter one
 But uh
 But more so I want you guys to experience that like I think that when we really get into the process
 We're creating something special and creating something new and creating something
 That we're guided we're inspired like these things aren't off top of our heads like I'm not smart enough to figure that out
 Right because I was sitting and I was thinking I was focusing for long in a period of time
 Though I put myself in a situation where I could like receive those ideas and those thoughts and be like hey
 What about this and did you ever think about this and like look at that and you start looking things differently?
 And it's amazing. We only get that in in times of immersion. It's why I struggled with school
 I think school is not immersion right schools like every day you go this class for an hour this class
 For an hour this class man or this class man
 I actually start over and then you have homework signs all over and the test like you never get deep anything
 So you never see the connections, but somebody this we're like I have to like go through everything
 I know for last you know 15 years and like break it down something so simple for everyone to understand and boom
 That's where the that's where the revelation the ideas the aha's the epiphanies where everyone I call them
 I don't care that's when your brain starts making those connections and so
 Anyway, it's special and it's cool. I hope you have a lot of chance to experience that if not if you haven't I
 Encourage you figure out something you want to geek out on and and take like an extended like a three-day weekend and
 During that we can go by like go like let's just say like the first time ever did this actually
 I'll tell you the first time because maybe we'll give you some ideas
 I can't hear people talk about NLP and I didn't even know what NLP was I looked up and was like neural and just like programming
 I'm like what the dump is that like I don't even know about that phrase means it's so weird
 I'm talking about it and I was like I have to learn this I figured this out so
 I didn't have a lot of time because I was in school and I was trying to figure my business
 I was wrestling all these things but I was like I'm gonna find some time and I'm gonna block out three days
 I'm gonna learn this I'm just gonna like I have to speed learnings. I don't have time
 I have to get back to work out for three days, right?
 So I went I bought I think I bought three or four books on NLP and this is before podcasting was really big
 But I found a bunch of different audios people who are that were teaching NLP and only be
 Practitioners people doing NLP for sales and for motivation for leadership and things like that
 And I like I ordered a whole bunch of stuff and so over the next two or three weeks
 I was getting stuff from eBay and Amazon all these places and I had this stuff and I sat down so I can learn NLP is
 Quick as I can and so I'm on a fast reader typically if I sat down I started reading the book as fast as I could just to understand the concepts
 I would listen to audio that watch the video that I read another book and I kept going in in three day period time
 I started learning and all sudden like again
 I could because of that immersion stay all these like connections start popping together that I don't think I would have seen if I
 Read a chapter in a book each night right or even one chapter each week or whatever most of us do
 It was that time of immersion where my mind was in it for for a long enough extended period time these connections started appearing
 You know I can get some big reason why we do the one funnel way challenge
 Right, there's so much success with it because we're forcing people to go through two years with the training in 30 days
 It forces you in a state of like
 immersion rate you got to figure this stuff out and
 It makes it makes connections and things that you didn't you would have seen normally awesome start period like oh my gosh
 That's why this works. That's how Russell that I saw that over here like ah and and light bulbs go off and so
 That's my real goal for sharing it with you. I hope that that helps
 Anyway, I'm hoping happens more during this book. It was really cool
 It was really fun and it just makes it exciting to keep moving forward knowing that these these these things are coming and hopefully
 You know the key coming to my mind and hopefully it'll be the things that you need to unlock whenever you're stuck on in the future
 So there you go. I appreciate you guys all for listening
 Now it's time to go create something go find your immersion weekend locked down for three days pick a topic
 It could be anything could be funnels could be copy could be traffic could be Facebook ads could be Google ads could be Instagram
 I like pick anything that's exciting to you. It could be speed reading it could be
 Biohacking it could be losing weight. It could be gaining weight. It could be
 Running faster. It could be jumping higher. It could be I don't care pick something that exciting for you and go and get topics like
 five or six different sources and then like just
 Speed geek out learn about for three days straight and see what happens see the connections that pop up in your mind
 And you will love it. All right, that's all I got you guys
 I appreciate you all thanks for listening and I will talk to you as all again soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
