 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome to the marketing seekers podcast so late night
 You probably hear my crickets and I got something really cool to share with you
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone, so Sunday night taking the garbage out to the curb
 We actually already took the garbage out earlier. I'm just taking out an extra bag. That's why I don't hear me will the
 huge garbage cans for a half a mile yet there but
 Walking out and I just like I've not been podcasting while I got a lot of cool stuff
 I want to share so many fun things happening so many amazing things happening
 and
 Yeah, I just jumped in here really quick for my battery dies and share
 some of the cool things so
 Some you probably saw we launched a new project this month or this week
 I think right now we're on a schedule. I think we're gonna roll a new off front and offer every about 30 days
 Or excuse me every 90 days. So once a quarter really cool for an offer
 Just because it's fun and it's exciting it keeps like
 Keeps our team sharp keeps keeps keeps us all excited keeps us actually doing this game. I see so many companies who we
 compete with he like
 I shouldn't name my names, but anyway landing page companies or a really confusing software
 People who who they go out there and they used to do the thing then they create a tool to
 Make that thing easier and then they never actually use our own tool because they just sell the tool
 I think that's what's unique about what we do click funnels is like we actually drink our own cool it like I'm still making offers
 I'm still
 Writing books. I'm still doing funnels. I'm still doing how to get funnels. I'm like we're still doing it
 So we're innovating we're creating we're always pushing the envelope where
 Where the company's doing that right like I don't know any of the other they're doing that
 So that once a quarter roll not a new front-end
 Which different hooks of angles different concepts and ideas then we're doing a bunch of other fun things to in fact
 We're trying this year to get done. You guys remember earlier this year. We did project mother funnel now working on project
 Value ladder, which is the second phase of it and then after that then all next year is about as once a quarter roll
 Not a really cool new front end to bring a new segment of the marketing, but I digress
 What I want to talk to you guys about today was when we rolled out so if you haven't seen it yet go to 30 days calm and
 and
 funnel hack it like
 Sign up slowly for the process a lot of time and effort energy and money went into
 Developing this the way we did so it's kind of a blend of a couple different ideas a couple different things
 So I'm gonna share it you guys kind of behind the scenes
 This is the stuff I get get out on with my team, but nobody else can see here about it. So
 All right, so a couple a couple pieces number one is
 back like
 14 15 years ago
 There's this kid that came out with a and he was 18 years old at the time
 it was called like 30 days to internet marketing success and in this book he'd interviewed a whole bunch of internet marketing gurus and had
 Them right out of day by day 30 day plan like they were to start off from scratch what they do day one day two day three and
 You know from day one you know throw 30 days anyway, I bought that book back when I was completely broke and
 It was the first year my wife and I'm married because our one year anniversary
 My parents are going to Hawaii and they allowed us to bum along with them
 So I was going on the plan with my my wife and I actually went and printed out
 These two books and I didn't can afford all the paper we needed so I printed eight pages to a page
 So I was like and I got a spiral bound
 I still have my actually showed him on a Facebook live of the day
 but I remember reading through these 60 different gurus blueprints of their 30-day plan and
 That was right where it all clicked for me is on that trip. I read all
 I read all 60 of in fact it's fun. I was looking at the original copies. I was reading
 With had eight pages on a page so they're like the little mini type of you can barely see the text
 I was reading them all and circling things and highlighting them
 but what's interesting is every single person a different plan, but
 they
 But they all had a similar model right?
 So everyone like everyone had a creative product then they had a way to sell the product and they had a way to get traffic
 The way they did all those elements were different like different people created products different ways and people sold things different ways
 And so I kept seeing the pattern over and over and over and over again. I was like oh my gosh like
 I know the pattern all I got to do is just create a product to get a way to sell it and then drive traffic you like that's
 That was it and then shortly I thought Trevor came home and I cried my very very very first product pre potato gun
 Pre everything which was a software product called zip-brander, which is hilarious. Anyway
 Long story short that was it was like the tool that I really changed my life
 That and then about same time I got mark Joyner's course
 I just farewell package and between those two things like it just the whole model made sense and then
 You know ever since then I've been running and it's been a lot of fun. And so
 Anyway, this is remind back probably man seven eight months ago
 I was actually coaching I was doing my inner circle a decade in day call and for some reason remember that call
 I was telling that I did pop back my head and I think I shared it with the person
 I was coach I came over who was at the time I was sharing with the who I was coaching and I was like
 You should do something like this in your in your industry
 I was like telling how much you help me and I was like wait a minute
 I should have my industry like nobody's done that that concept in 15 plus years like let's bring that hook back off the shelf
 and let's
 repackage it making the thing in and then like in the middle I call I went and saw see 30 days dot-com was available and
 Somebody owned it, but was for sale so I like in the middle my coaching call like send a link today
 I'm like Dave buy this my time. I got my colleague body. He's like about it. What is it?
 I'm like oh my gosh, so I just tell them like I'm gonna bring out that back off the shelf to the 30-day plan, right?
 So they're stepping one so I knew that somehow I was gonna bring that hook back into the world
 I know how what but that was the first concept
 fast forward then a little while later I can't remember exactly the context
 but
 Julie Stoyne and I were talking about
 Summits and doing a telesumet for click funnels and bring on to comical winners and be a really cool thing and
 But I was like I don't have the energy to do something. I in the past
 I used to do something that's how I grew my company in the very beginning was through summits
 I believe in them, but there's a lot of work
 and
 She was like why this friend named Bailey who is amazing at summit she teaches it. She does it
 She's like I've been on a lot of summits
 Bailey is by far the most organized like the best person I've worked with and so we had a chance to meet Bailey and
 I was like Bailey we want to do some it do I run a force and she said yes, and so that was the second step in the piece, right?
 And so then somewhere along line was like hey, we should sum up but based on the 30-day concept where
 We do the same where on the summit you're interviewing people and what would you do one?
 What would you do day two as if we should still would do a book like have them write out the plans?
 Let's give everyone a PDF it shows that person's 30-day plan and some way you can hear the person talking about it
 It's also kind of the next phase and so Bailey went to work and spent
 I don't know three or four months of her life interviewing all these people and getting the books put together
 Like she just killed it and she's such a good job. So it's kind of the next piece of it and then
 Natasha hazel it he doesn't run a Tasha. Oh and then we stood back so Bailey's actually
 All the people that are teaching me their superpowers and bringing them on for liking life
 So Bailey's gonna be a fun hacking live that you're showing her some summit model how she does for summit
 So if you want to learn how to kind of replicate what she's doing, but she's for us what she's done for herself and other clients
 Come to fun hacking live calm come from like you live and you'll see her present on that
 So then a while later Natasha hazel it if you guys don't know Tasha yet. She's super cool
 And she's also speaking fun hacking live BTW by the way
 About the topic now. I'm gonna talk about next so Natasha's
 She's awesome and I can't wait for her to kind of share her whole story, but she's had some big successes some ups and some downs and and
 and
 Actually from liking live then the second one remarks the bonus of that market section is huge impact on her
 It was a big transition point for her and her health and her life and it was kind of this catapult that changed a whole bunch of things and
 Like a year ago. She got inspired right in books
 She wrote a book and she like I'm gonna do Russell's free plus shipping funnel
 She tried it and like had okay results but nothing like earth shattering and and I'm sure she was frustrated and trying for you
 Oh to do and her husband's side. You know what we're gonna do
 We're gonna instead of giving away this book for free
 We're gonna sell for $47 and we'll bundle it with a challenge. We'll be like the the unstoppable influence
 30-day challenge and so she
 Jacked up the price to like 47 bucks and it was the book and the challenge and she launched it and
 It like was super profitable up front and so she does challenge was a 30-day challenge where people go and they wanted a day
 two day through all the way through 30 days with them and
 Got huge results for people because they were forced to consume the stuff because it was live live
 Which is awesome and then
 And at the end of it she did her webinar. She traditionally does and she's she's pretty good actually on webinars
 I mean her stats like I don't know on average
 We close like 10% but she did this webinar to all the people who had signed up for the challenge at the very end of the 30 days
 and ended up converting like 20% and
 Like one of her biggest pay days of her life like boom at the end of the scene and her messaging me
 She's freaking out like we figured it out like we're gonna crack the code and we're off the race
 She's like my two comic-cops come in like it was so cool
 It was so much fun to see her and after I saw her model. I was like oh my gosh like there's something
 Super powerful challenges like and then fast forward like two months later Garrett white launched his challenge
 If you guys have seen the Kings kit challenge if not go to the Kings kit comm and Garrett's was different but similar
 and it was like excuse me was this front end challenge was 100 bucks to get in it and
 then he took him on a 30-day process and the end of it he ascends him up to the next level and pushes him through his his value ladder and
 I've been geeking out I've sent like ten times for his thank you for watching it like month one
 He had like a thousand people into like two thousand and three thousand and four thousand and it keeps growing these challenges
 he's running and I watch kind of who's facilitated his and and so as we're pretty guys 30 days thing
 I was like you know what we need to do two things like or actually three things technically like number one
 We're doing 30 days concept because I love it number two in a summit because it's it's it's amazing number three
 We're gonna wrap in a contest into this thing and I was like what's our contest?
 You know what's what's our goal?
 I like I said well keep telling everybody there one funnel way like what if we did a one-front away challenge and we
 We focus on giving that our funnel launched up and running in 30 days and that's when the angels were singing. Oh
 I'm like this is the thing. It's gonna be amazing
 So that was like two weeks ago
 So I'm like that means I got to record all the content for a 30-day challenge like and I had to be this week base
 Or last week basically because the next six weeks of my life. I'm full
 Meeting zone as you'll probably hear me talk about the podcast. So I was like, okay, so I spent all last week recording and then I
 Pitch Stephen Larson as Stephen. I need you to be the guy daily who's yelling these people and kicking their butts make sure they actually succeed
 He's like I'm in and then right and we just napped out the whole thing there
 You know Julie's killing the stuff getting all the other back-end videos and
 Some of people some of things everyone running
 I was telling everybody on a team that I mean everyone's killing themselves on it
 It's trying to really good because I'm kind of shifted the way the offer is gonna be all last minute and and
 and hit it launched
 like less than three days ago and
 So basically the way it works you when you go to 30 days.com to see if there's a page there
 What you will register for free for the summit some will be starting in like seven days from now or something from time
 I'm recording this and it'll be live three days and each day you'll get 10 people's interviews and their 30-day plans
 Unlocked you can see them you can download them. You can whatever
 It's all free and then actually sign up though. There's an upsell saying cool. You join the challenge
 The summits coming up really soon. Are you doing the summit? Something's coming soon. It's gonna be learning every else is 30-day plans
 But what about your 30-day plan? What's it? I keep telling people you want fun away?
 But like you're gonna go through all the stuff and then what's your fun?
 What's your plan gonna be like we need to execute on your plan and how do you think personally coach by me and Julie and Stephen to
 Get your thing up and live and something like that
 I can remember the pitch but something like that and we bright them say look if you if you snap this challenge just a hundred bucks
 I'm sending you a free copy of the 30 days
 Everybody's step-by-step plan in a hard-bound book which ended up being
 550 pages is the biggest book ever and
 So basically we're selling the I mean the book is free when the sample hundred hundred dollar challenge
 Let me order for and bump on there from the funnel audibles presentation for lucky live in the upsell as well and
 It would launch that funnel three days ago and the first three days was sold like I
 Can't exactly which was like 2500 plus people sent it for the challenge
 which is insane
 Insane and then upsell or take great in order for them bump take great are like second to none
 Where it we're halfway to two comma club in three days on this funnel that I did not think was gonna be like a profitable funnel
 I thought it was it's crazy Ross paying a hundred percent commission on a hundred bucks to affiliates
 And so affiliates going crazy with it plus the speakers are going crazy with it. It's just oh
 It's it's cool. So why to share the view couple reason one. I just got to tell somebody the whole thing
 number two
 Notice how we blend it together a couple different things. We found a really good hook
 And a story and a concept for this funnel, right? Every funnel is like a storyline
 So there's this storyline that we did it right there were two right. What's the front end?
 It could have been a squeeze basically whatever be decided
 Let's take a summit funnel on the front end to get somebody in the door
 Someone's also a good work really good to get people to promote and then the second step in the funnel wasn't just
 Normal summit funnel then it was like you know
 We're gonna challenge funnels what they sign up for right afterwards
 They brought back the same principles you guys been learning to last 500 plus episode we brought an order form pump
 We brought in up sell we've run all these different pieces
 and
 Boom we've got this funnel that's
 That's just killing it
 Insane doing insanely well
 and so
 Yeah, just I think this is one for those who were getting into this funnel game and just thinking about funnel psychology
 Like you have all these pieces right like I look at like the funnel world's like like a painter
 You got a pal at all this paint right and everything's always like squeeze page
 So space think you page, you know or whatever like this funnel has to look like this like get those structures are there
 But it's like soon to understand what you're working with you understand the concepts then it's like how do we weave these things together into something greater
 in wrestling
 We still there's this thing called chain wrestling what happens you learn a single egg and you learn double egg
 And then you learn like you take some of down it you learn all these moves in isolation
 Right and then what would happen is you get a match and you like sure like I perfectly and then you like stop
 And you're like okay, now I gotta take him down
 But then that point like that split second your brain you're shifting from movement number one move number two like the person escapes
 Right and I got caught by guy he got away and you know
 I can't go back should move number one and then move number two and like because you think you move one two three
 The person can get away because it's not fluid. It's like and so what chain wrestling is is is getting a point where you're we'll move one
 One two one two three becomes one move right and somebody counters you don't you don't stop like okay
 I mean, let's move to again like you just you start like weaving things together
 Where's just everything's happening in and out in and out in and out?
 That's the best wrestlers you see them
 They don't stop and I think the chain wrestling they go from the first move to the second to the third to the fourth to fifth
 There's no breaks in anything and if somebody counters the instant counterbacks just it becomes
 it becomes
 More than just step-by-step, right?
 And so for you guys who were geeking out on this with me and like understanding this like feel like why we're having so much success is because
 It's not always like this fluid or something. It's not like this rigid like this funnel and then this funnel this fun
 It's like how do we how do we chain wrestling?
 How do I make this fluid so that number one we've number two and number two and number three and all those pieces we've together and something amazing, right?
 So I'm learning about summit funnels and contest funnels and I remember a really good hook
 We had like we're just weaving in the best principles from these things and something that's new. It's not drastically different
 You know, it's I mean you look at from a framework. It's a squeeze page. It's a
 Sales sales page within order form bump in order form, right?
 But but it's it's blending these two or three different concepts together to make
 Like ours one of our most profitable funnels yet
 It's when we didn't even have a big affiliate push behind other than the speakers and yeah people are driving tons of traffic and it's really fun
 so
 Anyway, I just want to show out the you because you guys care and you've listening and I appreciate you guys listening in so
 Anyway, that said I'm gonna go back home or go I can slide get to bed
 Before I've already dies if you enjoy this episode
 Actually, I'm gonna start doing the fun thing take a snapshot of the screen of this and go to your Instagram post it and then tag
 Tag hashtag marketing secrets and let's get a tag start marking secrets and
 Every time you listen to the episode marketing secrets you like take a snapshot go to the face back
 Facebook or Instagram or both and then post the pictures they see what episode you're on and say love this episode hashtag marketing secrets
 And let's get some let's get people doing that thing kind of fun. So
 That's all I know if you do it
 So do that and tag me out to and I'll start seeing you just tagging and then my favorite people are the ones who tag me with cool stuff
 So you'll be coming to my favorite people. So how about that? It's like fun, right?
 All right, cool. Thanks everybody. Have a great night and I'll talk to you tomorrow
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind-the-scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
