 Hey, what's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast all right
 I've got a special treat for you guys over the next two episodes
 So the new year started and New Year's Day. I'm sitting we have my family up at the penthouse
 We're hanging out and just relaxing and you know, I relax for about 30 seconds. Then my brain starts thinking like hey
 What's this you know, what's the plan this year? What are we gonna do?
 I started thinking and you know, we know that this was the end of the decade and your decades starting and
 Just started thinking about you know over the last ten years like what are the biggest takeaways with the biggest ahaas and things like that
 That I've had my business and then all of a sudden this idea hit me
 I said look I don't know the things that you know the big ahaas I've had and I've been you know
 I talked about them in the podcast all the time, but I was like I've got this amazing inner circle group of entrepreneurs
 Who have been working with me for the last five or six years each from paid?
 at the beginning was $25,000 a year towards the end was $50,000 a year to be part of the program and
 We had a hundred entrepreneurs in it and he's like you know these guys have been around me for a long time
 They've been in the trenches. They've been doing this in their businesses. I thought
 How much fun would it be to hear what their biggest marketing secret was their biggest takeaway that they got themselves?
 Over the last decade in their businesses and so I have a voxer group that has all many circle members
 I've asked him I said hey
 Just curious like what's your number one takeaway like with the biggest marketing secret that you've gotten
 Over the last decade in your business has helped the most if you guys could vox him back the responses that that'd be awesome
 And from that I got I think almost 20 people sent back responses and they were amazing
 And so I thought how much fun to do is just turn that into two episodes
 So we've got two episodes for you guys
 They're gonna be revealing the top marketing secrets from my inner circle members and each one's got a different thing
 I told them try to keep them under three minutes some people were had a lot of brevity and didn't lessen a minute other struggle
 And got it on you know three to four minutes, but each one had a unique idea a unique piece of gold for you
 And so I'm really excited for these next two episodes and it's interesting as you listen to them
 You know I've been teaching you know this stuff for the last decade and half and there's tons of things
 We teach and it's and that we talk about and then we brainstorm about it would master mind about it's interesting looking at
 Each person even though all of them have built huge seven and eight figure businesses each of them had a different thing that was the
 Like was the big marketing secret the thing that knocked down the big domino for them
 And I thought it's fascinating and you'll see some things among some of the inner circle members other people they're completely different things
 But as a whole it was fascinating just to see what they're all what each of their biggest takeaways were so
 So what I'm gonna do is this episode next episode. We're just gonna play through those each one's you know three to five minutes long
 God giving their marketing secret most of them followed instructions and said their name and their website
 URL so we have those some of them didn't so the people who didn't state their names
 I'll jump in ahead of time and I let you know who they are and then we'll plug in there their thing
 So without said a McEw theme song we come back. We will start with the first marketing secret from my inner circle members
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answer. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 This is Peng Joon and my biggest marketing secret that I learned from last decade is that every given moment in time
 We are building five different assets and in marketing the first asset that we will ever build is the social asset
 This is basically the stuff that will sit on social media forever many times people when they don't have the clarity as to why they're creating that
 Technical video on YouTube why they're doing that Facebook retargeting ad why they're documenting what it is that they're doing
 The reason for that is because they don't know that this is step number one
 They're creating this social asset that can be fed into step number two, which is the digital asset
 This is where you build the funnel you build up the sales process you build up something that will live on forever in order to sell
 At cost that book the consulting and the question you got to ask yourself is how can you take what you're already doing in your life?
 The presentations the life event the consulting the coaching sessions
 How can you document them so that it can be turned into that digital asset that will work for you forever?
 So for example the keynote that I did at funnel hacking live
 I did that presentation once but I turned that into a book into a
 Recurring that lives on and it's going to live on for a really long time to come and the whole purpose of that
 Number two is to then move on to number three in order to create a proprietary asset
 This is basically the infrastructures that tried the community if you think about what makes Apple Apple if
 Samsung came up with something those three times better with more features half the price chances are I'm not going to shift
 Why because I'm locked in I'm locked in and I'm thinking about the inconvenience I'm thinking about the iTunes
 I'm thinking about all of my files backed up in the cloud same thing for click funnels
 Even if there were like 200 different competitors, even if somebody came up better features or lower pricing
 I'm not going to switch why because of the tribe because of the community because of the goodwill Russell you
 Have given to me in the last decade
 That's what locks people in and it's something I'm thinking about all the time and that brings us to number four
 Number four is creating of systems asset. This is the SOP the trellel boards
 This is why I document what I'm doing on YouTube Instagram
 The steps on social media why because I'm constantly working on removing myself from the business
 So that I can work on the business and not in the business and finally that is all pushed to number five
 The capital asset
 Understanding that ultimately why I'm building all these things is to build up capital
 This could be office space. This could be property things that generate positive cash flow
 Which then can be used back to step number one which is to fuel
 Social asset and when you have this big picture as to understanding why is that you do what it is that you do
 You'll be able to have the big picture and have clarity on
 Every what you work on every single day. Hey, it's Andrew from accounting tax.com
 And I wanted to share my biggest marketing secret that I learned in the decade and
 You know we I was kind of struggling with coming up with this because I actually learned pretty much everything
 I know about marketing last decade because I'm not really a marketer. I'm an accountant by trade
 But when I think about the biggest thing I learned that made the biggest difference
 You know a lot of times and people are doing marketing
 You know, they're doing like something that looks good or something that feels good or and they're putting it out there
 And it's like a brochure maybe or even like a Facebook ad or they don't really know exactly
 What their return on it is and so myself being an accountant like when I first started doing marketing I
 Really had no idea what I was doing until I finally started actually calculating out like
 Specifically what I was getting for what I was doing. So I would look okay
 What is my cost per click right? So what was the cost per a click to somebody to come to my website?
 And I would know that number and then I started like okay
 Well, some of these people are coming to the landing page and then they're opting in what percentage of those people are opting in
 That's my landing page conversion, right?
 And so I would look at my cost per click
 Let's say my cost per click was four dollars and then let's say that only 10% of people were opting in
 Okay, so that means my cost per lead was forty dollars and I said okay
 I spent X amount of dollars on Facebook or Google or something
 And I was getting leads for forty dollars. Okay. Well, then where those leads going they're going next stage to
 Book employment and what's my cost per appointment? Okay, only 10% of people that became a lead book an appointment
 So that means four hundred dollars was my cost per appointment
 And then how many people would I close and I think until I really put those kind of metrics the cost per click
 landing page conversion rate cost per lead conversion from
 Optin to appointment and the cost per sale until I really put those metrics on it
 I just never really felt confident in doing more marketing or spending more money because I just
 Didn't really know what I was getting and so I mean I learned so many things on the art and and how it all works
 I mean obviously Russell's done a tremendous job teaching me a bunch of different things about marketing hook story offer
 a ton of different things but I really never felt comfortable to pull the trigger and now we probably spent
 Six seven million dollars on advertising over the last few years alone
 So that's probably the biggest thing I learned in the decade. Hope that's helpful. I'm Rachel Peterson the founder of v viral touch digital marketing agency and social media
 United the leading online training for social media managers now. I haven't been in entrepreneurship for a decade yet
 But over the last decade I definitely learned a lot about social media and attention spans
 we're in a time where
 Technically speaking attention spans are at an all-time low or at least that's what we're being told
 The interesting thing that most people don't realize sorry you're gonna hear my son in the background welcome to mom and entrepreneur of life balance
 Um, so what I've discovered is that if you can
 Grab someone's attention within the first 10 to 15 seconds. You have them
 So many of us spend time watching tv shows or movies, you know, Netflix binging for lack of better words
 But how is it that we decide what we're going to Netflix binge?
 Well, the chances are it happened because of a trailer
 We stopped we looked at the thumbnail
 We give it about 10 to 15 seconds to decide if it's worthy of more of our time
 The most important thing that you can do for your business especially in this time where people are becoming
 increasingly discerning about what they're going to allow their time to be spent on is to
 Truly know your message
 Really really really get it. Can you make your point clear in 10 seconds?
 Can you explain your business in a 15 second video or conversation?
 for me jumping on to tick tock was such a great lesson and
 Truly a test of if I understood how to grab attention in 15 seconds or less
 And for me, it's a daily practice reminding me how to capture attention and ultimately harness a following that says
 Not only did we like that 15 seconds, but we want more we want to binge watch
 All of your content. So now is the time to truly understand how to
 Capture attention. We are after all in the attention economy and those who grab it in the first 10 to 15 seconds
 Will be the ones that ultimately are binged over the next decade
 That's definitely what I've learned over the last 10 years of being on social media. Hey, what's up?
 Joshua and Ashley Latimer from honor and fire.com the biggest marketing secret
 I've learned in the last 15 years is really easy for me and it's relationship marketing
 It's looking at your business like a marriage instead of just a wedding
 Which is a weird analogy, but people are super super short-term minded with their business
 And in today's climate with the internet people want to give it to come a club award or make a million dollars as fast as possible
 And desiring that is not wrong
 But from a sustainability standpoint what I found is that when you when you solve real problems
 By providing real quality
 Solutions and services it's really really hard to fail in business
 But it takes a little bit longer when you play the long game. So that goes for your relationship with your employees your relationships with your dream 100
 The relationship with your business partners. Um, my biggest marketing secret has been to slow down
 Try to have massive integrity
 Solve real problems and play the long game rather than just getting
 You know the ad that converts or getting that offer to do awesome in that one launch
 It's really really hard to fail when you focus on the marriage
 And not just the wedding and in business. I see a lot of people
 Really excited to launch something or to get their funnel done and they need to spend more time
 I'm making sure that they're solving a real problem with a quality solution
 Whether it's a product or a service because at the end of the day
 Money is a natural byproduct of solving real problems. And if you slow down and listen to tony robins
 Tony always says
 People uh overestimate what they can do in a year and underestimate what they can do in a decade
 If you can be one of the people that realizes that I think it will help you and russell you've helped me
 And hopefully that adds value to listeners of your podcast
 Hey, mr. This is Pedro a day. I'm in the inner circle
 Um, man so many but the one I think that I have kind of leaned into the most and is really I think helped me
 Uh kind of really blow up our movement is just really it's it's going deep into the niche
 going deep into your client avatar and
 Really leaving that red ocean and and finding an underserved or unmet unmet needs
 Um, carving in it so tight that only you can fit in
 That's something that I um kind of afraid that I'm I know I'm saying a lot these days
 and so
 Uh, that's been the big thing that's been a game changer for me
 It's allowed me to find my place of uniqueness and um really
 Not not feel like i'm actually competing at all with anybody because i'm really serving this really micro audience
 That's been game changer. And then tactic is challenges. I
 Man, I saw I it was at page hill last year. I saw not talk to teach on challenges and I took the free masterclass concept
 I learned from the un expert secrets. I was doing free master classes and doing well with those and then
 heard about page challenges and
 We've been doing pretty much a paid challenge every single month since then and I just recently used a paid challenge to actually win a major launch for
 Pete Vargas came in first place ahead of
 Some pretty serious guys
 And so I have a great testimony around challenges. I'm happy to share as well. So that's uh, those are my those are my big my two big keys
 which is uh
 carving niche find find a great market that's underserved
 And then show up and deliver value and prove your worth through
 Challenges take all the risk up front before you ask nearby
 Okay house bro take care. My name is jamey amis ceo of ideal practices. We're the country's largest startup
 dental
 Consulting firm in other words. We helped dentists open startup dental practices
 The number one marketing secret for me over the last decade that I thought I understood
 Was being able to serve a niche
 So to trick myself into understanding this better over the last decade and the way that this has made the biggest impact in myself
 And in my consulting company and in the industry where I serve is to describe it as a niche of a niche of a niche
 Now here's what I mean. You probably heard me say
 That I help startup dentists. Well, I help dentists
 I do but only
 Younger dentists usually doctors who are working for someone else and only even in that subset startup dentists
 They can buy a practice they can partner with the practice, but we only help startup dentists
 So what does this mean for you?
 Well, the niche of a niche here the benefits that it's helped me be able to achieve
 I'm able to now speak so clearly to the people who I'm trying to serve best
 So I can make the greatest impact with those specific people
 But not only am I able to speak to them clearly
 I'm also able to
 Understand their pain points and not just the pain points of dentists
 Not just the pain points of young dentists or associates who are working for other dentists
 But just those young dentists who desire to open startup practices
 This allows us to serve them really well
 But one of the aha moments that I've had that I think Russell even taught me back as
 When I was first in a circle member, I don't know three years ago or something
 He told me this I thought I understood it and it's taken me even more time to fully understand this niche of a niche of a niche concept and it's this
 When I'm able to understand them best when I'm able to niche down best. I also am forced
 to find
 Where they are
 Now that sounds easy on the surface, but when I'm forced to find where those people are I'm also
 Forced to find the places that nobody else knows about
 Where I can have the greatest impact and guess what?
 There are fewer competitors there
 And I don't even mean just in my case startup dental consulting firms as competitors
 I mean the competition of noise. I mean the competition of advertising dollars
 So think of noise whether it's a newspaper ad or a magazine ad or a facebook ad
 There's other noise for people's attention that that aren't even direct competitors, but it's competition for noise
 And when I find the place where those people hang out there aren't many other people there
 So I'm able to be one of the loudest voices in one of the smallest pockets and this niche of a niche of a niche of a niche
 So my career to you one of the biggest aha
 Marketing moments that I've had through Russell Brunson through click funnels through my time as an inner circle member is this
 Find your niche
 But trick yourself and remind yourself that you can be even more powerful with a niche of a niche
 Of a niche because you'll be able to speak to them best
 Serve them best and find those pockets of opportunity where you can have the greatest impact at the lowest cost
 So I hope this serves you well. My name is Jamie amis ceo vital practices number one consulting firm for startup dental practices in the country
 And so much of this is the director of click funnels of Russell Brunson's guidance
 And being an inner circle member. Hope this is helpful to you as you grow how you impact others. Take care. Bye. Bye
 So this is Jamie Kras with my GSEP.com and the greatest marketing discovery I've made in the last 10 years and have used in our business is been storytelling
 um
 It is story is transcendent and philip pulman said that
 after nourishment
 Shelter and companionship stories are the thing that we need most in the world
 And so there's also a really great story about a journalist who purchased
 200 items on ebay for $129 and he wanted to do an experiment
 And he turned around and sold those same items for $8,000 including story
 So our our fortune has been found in our follow up with story and then we've incorporated into our description
 So as an e-commerce company, we have been able to maximize profits by
 Leveraging story, you know, even with like our pounds product
 It's kind of funny because I wrote like a little mini romance novel. So I'm not just talking about the product
 I'm actually making this story that every woman wants to be in come alive on our website
 and so we've done that with all of our products and um
 Oh my god, a lot of really great ideas about story. Um
 You know, there's an art and science to it as well
 So it's a great way because there's a psychological and chemical reaction in the brain when you hear and tell stories
 It connects you to your audience. And so it's a really great way to build strong relationships and strong bonds with your
 followers and with your tribe. So I love storytelling and um
 Got some really great examples here too, but your brain on stories is like
 On fire compared to just listening to you know features and benefits and the typical old way or traditional way of
 describing
 Products. Hey, this is Amy Grace from the snake in mind and my top marketing secret of the decade is probably the simplest one
 But it's so incredibly effective and it's really all about consistency
 So I actually started a podcast right around the same time that people in the UK
 Um a group that was doing basically the same thing I was doing started a podcast and they came out of the gate like
 Oh over the top with guests. They had
 Gretchen Rubin. They had john lee dumas. They had ryan holiday. They had hell el rah
 They had all of these crazy guests and they got all these downloads and all this presser on their podcast
 And it was incredible and I was like, oh my gosh like they're just smashing it. It's it's amazing
 And then over the year I just kept going my podcast was just you know
 The people who read my book and I'd publish every Friday and every Saturday, but I never ever missed a date
 And over the year these guys
 Starting missing a few here and there and then they took a break and then they came back and then they took another break
 And if you fast forward two years now
 My podcast has 3.5 million downloads and they're nowhere close
 And so the consistency of just showing up
 Every single week. I've now done a newsletter every single week for over 400 weeks
 And the consistency of just showing up
 Weekly and doing what you say you're going to do really pays off in the long run
 It reminds me of the tortoise and the hair and so that's my best marketing secret
 It's not really a secret but just do what you're saying you're going to do if you're going to do a weekly podcast or twice weekly
 Podcasts make it happen make the commitment make it work into your life
 Same with the newsletter same with your emails
 Don't pop up and then drop off again because there's no faster way to lose trust
 Yeah, hey russell and the marketing secret podcast listeners alison jprinceer from alisonjprince.com
 I went from junior high teacher to building four multi million dollar businesses with four kids at my feet
 But found my greatest success
 Was watching my 10 and 13 year old gain confidence in themselves
 As they went on to sell their first six figures before they even stepped into a high school
 I am the host of the because I can life podcast where I show you what it takes to set up
 And automate your own online store using the steps I currently use today
 And what I taught my girls why because I can the marketing secret that I have been using for
 A decade and I still use today because it works and it will work for as long as marketing
 Exists is teaming up with influencers to help explode your business
 Yes, you can start growing your own following but that can take years. So why not leverage?
 What can accelerate your speed now? I'm not talking about the get rich quick stuff. That's out there
 That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about getting your products in front of an already warm audience
 And not crossing your fingers and hoping that cold
 Facebook adds work
 Imagine Taylor Swift talking about airing she's wearing on an instagram story with a simple swipe up for her followers to go and buy
 You think they would sell
 Um, yeah, no, don't stress in getting Taylor's attention. That's not what's needed
 There are a ton of influencers out there who can rock the cells and they have less than 100,000 followers
 and some
 Have even had 2000 followers and they have been known to move cells number mountains
 So whatever you are selling there's an influencer who is looking to team up with a business like yours
 Influencers have been building an audience for years. So it becomes this three way win
 win for you because you make cells win for the influencer because they make a percentage of the cells and a win for
 Their followers because they get your really cool amazing product into
 Their hands creating this three way win win has been one of my marketing secrets to building
 Online profitable businesses. I hope that helps you crack the marketing code going into 2020
 Oh, and one more thing if you're sending all that traffic over
 Make sure you've got a quick funnel set up so that you can maximize the order part value
 Hey, this is ryanlee from cashotactics.com and wanted to share with you the biggest marketing secrets
 That I learned from ruffle brothers
 So over the last decade as i've been in the inner circle and studying the art science marketing
 One of the biggest things one of the biggest epiphanies i've had is building a business around a future based cause
 You know ruffle taught us for years all of the presidents
 Maybe forever the ones that won ban on a future based cause instead of you know an improvement offer
 And for too long instead of our business we were focused on features and improvement offers
 But as soon as we took everything down and focused on the outcome that our product that our service created for our clients
 That's when things took off for us. So having a future based cause and the easiest way to implement that for us was
 really diving deep
 And figuring out the core desire of our ideal avatar our ideal clients
 Once we understood their pain point and their desired outcome
 We we could focus our message on on speaking to both that pain
 And then the future based outcome for our our clients. So for us at cashotactics
 We build our business around empowering people with money
 To become financially free in 10 years or less and our tagline that's really a driven
 Massive amount of business has been rise up
 Live free so very something very simple
 But it speaks to our ideal avatar in the sense that they want controlled
 It's a future based cause to rise up
 Do things differently of where they're at today so that they can live free and all of our marketing is based around that
 Both from the possibility as well as being in the field
 So good luck in 2020 future based causes where the goal is at all right. Hey there everyone on marketing secrets podcast
 I'm Stacy Martino. My husband Paul and I are the founders of relationship development.org
 And i'm happy to come in and share one of our biggest marketing secret
 Strategies that we've learned in the last few years
 And that comes out to something that Russell shared with us probably the first or second time that we ever met him
 Within inner circle
 Like many of you Paul and I were stuck in that place of look we have this amazing solution
 We know we have we want to make as many people know about this as possible
 Right everyone deserves to know about the solution that we have
 Or is this for relationship yours is for whatever it is that you do and i'm sure you've had that feeling right at one point or another
 I want everybody to know about this. This is so good
 And so Russell said of course to us
 Hey, you got to do a podcast right and because people love to listen to podcast hence
 We're all listening to marketing secrets podcast
 And what I did in that moment was oh yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a great great idea
 Let me put that on my list. I don't have time to implement that right now
 And I want you to learn from my mistake and catch yourself because we all do this right?
 Oh my gosh, that's such a great idea. I don't have the bandwidth for that. Oh my gosh, that's such a great idea
 I don't have time for that
 You have to catch yourself because one of the biggest strategies you could ever take away from this is
 You won't get results from something you don't implement
 We have to implement it doesn't matter how many great strategies or ideas we have
 We have to actually take action and get it done. So fast forward sometime
 We actually did make the relationship transformers podcast last year. It's been catching like fire
 It's everywhere. It's spreading. It's doing everything we wanted it to do and more
 And there's two podcast strategies that have worked for our podcast that I really want to share with you one
 Steve Larson taught to us which is to take your three circuits webinar
 And turn it on its side in the first four or five episodes of your podcast
 Is you doing like 20 or 30 minute chunks of your three secret webinar to take them through your pillar content?
 Like who you are what you're about. Why is this different? What are the three secrets?
 And so we did that
 And it has been amazing and then at the end of every single podcast we share three action items
 Like what can you do now to get great results now?
 And a call to action, right?
 These are three things you can do to start getting results today
 And your next step is join our 14 day boost program for your relationship like whatever the first step is
 On your value ladder to help them take action, right?
 Because not only do you not get results from things you don't implement
 But the people who are listening to you won't get results from things if they don't implement
 And yes, the podcast is amazing and we want to educate and we want to inform
 But if we don't help them take that first step and take action, we're not really serving them
 So those are my strategies. I hope you implement them and make this an amazing year
 All right, the next person who sent a message was bart miller and bart
 Is a man of many talents. Um, he's the guy who dresses me for funnel hacking live
 But on top of that he runs a huge e-commerce brand
 He runs info product brands and a whole bunch of other amazing things
 And so with that said here's bart's biggest marketing secret from the last decade
 Number one marketing strategy for us this year has been using
 a warranty card that goes into every Amazon box that we send into Amazon
 And having people come back and sell that out and getting their email and capturing their stuff and then putting
 on that thank you page for filling that out a
 border bump
 for
 Products that they can sell right then than there after they I don't know if it's a bump or if it's a
 Actual sell but we just take them right to it
 Conversions are happening on two different things one they're obviously coming onto an email that's off of Amazon for capturing them
 Which is awesome. So we're building a really cool camping list
 The second is is that we're actually selling them something else and the take rate on that right now is about 35
 are taking the
 next offer which is a continuity program
 In the cooking space. So anyway, uh, really cool
 But that's worked really well for us this year and converted really well for us
 His next one is from Julie storyin
 Julie is no stranger in the funnel hacker or marketing secrets community
 Um, she was a key player here at click phones for a long time
 And I think you're gonna love the market secret that she shared next. Hey, so i'm going to answer this for you
 Um, I think probably the thing that I learned
 the most or that stuck out to me the most over the last decade is
 I've learned all the mechanics of marketing and I've learned that you know the different like fields offer
 creation copy design, but the art of the hook is really something that I learned a ton from
 You russell and all the stuff you teach and this idea of pattern interrupt and no matter
 How great you are how great your offer is if you cannot get people to pay attention
 And get curious. You're not going to get people into your funnel. So over the past couple years, especially
 I've started to see now that I see it
 I can instantly recognize when someone is marketing without a hook without
 a reason or a story or a you know a pattern interrupt and I looked back over a lot of my writing and all the emails and the sales pages that were the best
 I realized had this really curious hook or this, you know, crazy story attached to it
 And so even though I had been doing it unknowingly once I figured out that that was the key
 I started infusing it into everything into my emails my sales pages my ads
 Even my social media posts and this may just a tremendous difference
 Hey, this is ruffle again and really quick. I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did
 Can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with
 5,000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you who think like you who believe like you who have vision like you
 If you would like to do that then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live
 It's coming up very very soon. If you don't have your ticket sheet, you go to funnel hacking live.com
 And it gives you the ability to leave your home
 Leave where you're you're trying to to create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe like you who see visions like you
 Of what they can create and what they can become
 Funnel hacking live is not just a marketing event. It's not just a personal development event
 It's both of those things wrap into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So I'll make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me I go to funnel hacking live.com
 New year tickets. We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well
 And after you get tickets you will be there with 5,000 other insane crazy fun the funnel hackers
 Hacking how to grow their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You got to go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live.com. Thanks so much and I'll see you in Nash boo
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
