 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope you guys enjoyed the first episode
 Is that fun? Here's some of the marketing secrets from some of my inner circle members
 Hope you guys enjoyed as much as I did and had so much fun listening to them
 And so today we're gonna do the same thing. I've got a whole bunch more that I want to share with you guys
 And so I'm gonna keep the theme song we come back. We'll jump right into the second half of
 The biggest marketing secret from the last decade from each of my inner circle members
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up dental hackers?
 This is Daniel Dan with the X Factor Effect my business partner Pedro
 Superty and I are inner circle members and we teach marketing and sales but we do it through a different angle than most
 We teach that the secret to breaking through even faster in your industry is to first differentiate your business
 or also differentiating your marketing sales and the biggest marketing secret that I wanted to share with you that we have
 discovered over the last years is when they can easily add an extra few hundred thousand dollars or even an extra million
 dollars or more and sales to your bottom line because we discovered a few years ago a different way to sell that actually requires a
 lot less
 Selling cool, right? In fact some people have said that it's a way to sell
 Without selling now. How cool is that? Now?
 We discovered this secret during the launch of one of our courses that
 Course is one that helps business owners who have struggled in markets due to their competitors competing on price
 And causing price wars but instead of simply selling the course
 We first created tons of content that sold our audience on a very specific belief that belief
 Was that the reason why your business is stuck
 Competing on price is because of the fact that you haven't differentiating yourself from the competition
 And if you differentiate then you can avoid price wars
 So that was the belief that we sold very simple if you differentiate you can avoid
 Price wars and we beat that message into our avatars minds
 If you differentiate then you can avoid price wars and when we finally launched the sales video
 tons of people watched little to none of the video and they just simply clicked the buy button because they believed the new belief
 That we had already shared with them. So tons of the sales of that course came as a consequence
 Of the belief that our audience had adopted
 Amazing right and it truly felt that we settled a lot of that course without actually
 needing to sell the course and we we had and
 What we had to do was was simply have our audience adopt what we now call a core
 Belief in this case the core belief being that if you differentiate then you can avoid price wars
 So now for all of our products the core belief is the first thing actually that we sit down to discuss
 For the marketing message we say what what's the core belief? What's the core belief for this product or services?
 This product or service or coaching program or master mind group that we're putting it together
 Whatever it is we say what is the core belief because we know that if the core belief is strong enough
 That many sales will come as a consequence and we know that this core belief marketing strategy
 At least
 Doubled our sales over the past few years. So how freaking cool is that now now?
 The interesting thing about this strategy is that there is someone we know who does the same thing when selling
 Club funnels. Yes, that's right. Of course Russell Russell does the same thing
 He frequently he frequently sells the belief the people that you are what you are just one
 Final away you were just one final away from accomplishing your goals from breaking sales records, etc
 You are just one final all day what a powerful core belief right because if you first believe that you are one
 Funnel away then you naturally want to buy all the rest of stuff as a consequence of that newly formed belief
 So how powerful is that well for us?
 It's been the most powerful marketing strategy we have discovered over the past years and and it has been responsible for
 Millions of dollars and additional sales for our company
 So my advice to you is to discover what the core belief
 For the next product or service that you are trying to sell is and that will also help you to explode your sales
 Hey, this is Joe McCall from the real estate investing mastery podcast and
 My greatest
 Marketing secret that I've learned in the last 10 years has got to be the importance of niching down to one thing
 You know as creative kind of guy, you know, I'm always coming up with crazy ideas
 And so I've run into this trap before
 of having multiple different products teaching different things all in all all involved with real estate investing but
 different segments of real estate investing and
 So when I started hearing people talk about the importance of the one thing, you know when the one thing book came out and
 The I heard other people start talking about like having just one customer one
 product one source of traffic
 One conversion metric or tool, you know
 One customer for one year like this one thing stuff started really making me nervous and really actually honestly scared me
 But it wasn't until I heard Russell Brunson talk about the importance of
 You know you have having that one core offer, right?
 But then you can use your creative energies to create different front end funnels
 And so you can have one main core offer and then use different front end funnels to get people into that front end
 Or into that one main offer. So
 That actually helped it sounds kind of weird. It sounds really really simple, but for me it was revolutionary
 and so I took all of my different products and I kind of got rid of some and condensed some simplified others, you know
 I brought it all down into one
 niched product that was kind of my own blue ocean in the real estate investing space and the topic is lease options
 Investing in real estate with lease options, and I just really hammered down on that
 I really started focusing for I you know, I just thought okay, I'll try it out for six months
 And it turned into probably about three or four years now
 With about three years where I've just focused on that one thing and literally my income
 is probably about tripled since I started doing that and
 I'm seeing year over year increases
 And it's just really cool and but the nice thing is right like I can still have that one core product
 But I can I'm not stuck with just one method to get people in there all the time, right? Like I can have different
 funnels different
 lead magnets to get people in and
 That's pretty cool, right? So if I can still get
 Used about doing different kind of being a rainmaker, you know
 Creating different front end offers getting people in through different media
 And I you know I mastered podcasts and then from there I went into video and from there I went into
 Doing paid ads and so once you master something another one traffic source you can go into another traffic source and master that as well
 so that's that's it pretty simple and
 Hope that helps you guys take care. Hi, my name is Ray Higdan
 and I have been a big follower of Russell Brunson for
 Man so many years. I remember the first video. I watched of him and his
 he was talking about the
 micro he was talking about micro continuity and
 This was probably 10 or 12 years ago and it made a very powerful impact on me
 And I've been a big fan of Russell's ever since I've also been a multi-year member of his inner circle and
 We use click funnels throughout our entire business
 and I would say the biggest marketing lesson that
 I've had over the last 10 years and you know just looking back. I mean 10 years ago
 I'm dead broke in personal foreclosure over a million dollars in debt
 I had lost it all in the real estate market and you know today
 We have a company that's been recognized on the Inc 5,000
 We have this this past year. We grew our revenue by 33%
 which is you know pretty cool and and at
 Funnel hacking live will actually be receiving our
 Our 2, club X
 award which is for generating over 10 million dollars through a single funnel and so the biggest lesson is
 to
 To focus and really hone in on one main thing and I remember I had a conversation with Russell
 at one of his masterminds a few years ago and
 He talked about how he had been stuck at single-digit millions and
 Where you know he would create a great product saw the heck out of it and then back to the drawing board to you know
 To create another one and that's exactly what we had been doing. We had been doing very successful product launches and
 So you know we had you know launches that made you know
 700,000 our best launch made over nine hundred thousand dollars and in less than two weeks
 And then when it was over it was back to the drawing board of okay, what are we gonna launch next and so
 Russell taught me
 How to you know really hone in on one main thing that that could really make a difference
 and
 in generate revenue and be something that we marketed
 ongoing and
 So that that and his book expert secrets led us to creating our group called rank makers and rank makers is the number one community for
 Network marketers and we charge $20 a month. We have over 15,000 people in there and we just launched it
 You know two years ago and that is that
 funnel for rank makers has now generated over 10 million dollars and so
 Instead of
 Constantly going back to the drawing board and creating yet another thing
 We've been able to hone in and focus on our launches focus on our average current value and focus on providing massive value to our members
 And that has led us to I mean every single month. We have multiple six figures of income rolling in every single month from these
 You know membership dues and most importantly people love it. And so we've helped a lot of people
 We would definitely never have impacted this many people or generated this kind of money without that single concept of
 Come up with one thing that you really want to focus in on and hone in on
 Versus constantly creating new trainings and so really appreciate all that I've learned from
 From click funnels from Russell himself and his entire team. I'm so glad and grateful that I'm at Russell
 Hey everyone
 My name is Krista Misha from Krista Misha coaching and my number one marketing secret is what you do prior to getting your lead magnets out there
 Now what do I mean by that?
 Here's what most marketers do they put out a lead magnet and they want people to give their name your email or address
 Whatever it might be and it's getting harder and harder to actually get people's information
 Why because we forgot one huge crucial step and that is giving them a reason to want to give you their information
 And I have found that by properly distributing video on a consistent continuous basis to my client avatars to my clients
 I want to interact with me that they are much more likely to give me their information
 This has been insane in both of my business and real estate and in coaching and here's why you've got to think about how much
 Competition is out there right now, right? Everybody's asking for people's information. You get it everywhere
 There's abs pumping up all the time
 But what if before ever asking for someone's information you actually just gave them value
 You got them to know you to like you to trust you you broke their barriers down
 You positioned yourself as an expert as the authority figure and you gave them a reason to actually want to give you their information
 This has been a crucial crucial
 Strategy that we have used in both of my businesses over the past few years and it just works magnificently
 So before you put a lead magnet out there make sure people know who you are make sure that you're giving them constant value
 Constant you're constantly helping them. You're serving them. You're giving them tips and tricks. You're making their life better
 You're you're showing them that they should actually listen to you and that you're the person that knows that you're talking about
 The only way they know that is if you constantly and consistently are putting out content through video
 And you will be shocked and just so much as absolutely changes and transforms your business
 Listen, it's getting harder and harder to track people's attention
 Isn't it getting harder and harder to get eyes on us?
 But when you are constantly putting out information putting out content letting them get to know you see you as a person
 Developing a relationship within you're building a relationship with people
 They're more willing to give you what you want back from them think about this when you get married
 You just meet somebody and say hey, let's get married. No, it's a process
 You maybe pick up the phone you text you do a video chat then you have breakfast then maybe lunch then you have dinner
 Then you hold hands then you hug then you kiss then you get engaged and then you get married
 It's the exact same thing I'm talking about when developing a relationship with your clients with your audience
 Utilize video first before you ever ask them to give you anything first
 Give them as much value as possible and do it through video because we do it through video
 You're developing a relationship with them
 You're breaking down their barriers and you're giving them a reason to want to actually give you their information
 Now here's the thing this seems like it's so oh, that makes sense and it seems so easy and we've been being told over and over
 How important this is but are you actually doing it and are you doing it consistently?
 Thanks so much. This is my number one marketing secret and make a super great day. Hey Russell
 It's so petty with joy of marketing calm and our biggest lesson that we've learned in the last 10 years
 Is that no matter how bad our sales are or how down we are?
 All it takes is literally one idea and we can turn anything around in a matter of days
 We had a huge online
 Summit on October 10th of 2010 the date was 10 10 10 and the event was called 10 10 10 and my twins were turning 10
 So I had a huge party note to self don't ever do that
 But we had so many photographers we teach photographers how to make money
 Going to the website of this this telus summit or this joy summit
 We called it and it was early days with the web so it just kept crashing and no one could get in
 No one could therefore buy anything and we were getting land-based it on social media. It was terrible
 We put so much work into it and yet nobody could access so we were as oh my gosh. We're not gonna make money
 We're not gonna be able to pay bills. So we did some damage control
 We moved everything to a different server
 We had the event on 10 17 10 and we killed it
 If we had clicked funnels and the ability to have more OT as we would have really killed it
 But we knew like there's always a way to fix things a couple months later
 We were down again
 We had a goal of 50 grand just to pay bills for the month and we were panicked and we just watched what someone else did
 We put our idea together and had it up and running and we opened the the gate for everybody to buy and again
 There were so many people in there that it shut it down and we thought oh my gosh here
 We go again
 We're having the PTSD from the 10 to 10 event and it came back up 15 minutes later and there was
 $235,000 in our account
 We were laughing and crying because we had a limit of like 35 people
 So that was a good problem to have so our lesson is that with online marketing
 With tenacity and one idea there's always a solution. So we never get down
 We don't entertain the outcome. We won't that we don't desire
 We just say okay. This is what happened. What do we do next and everyone can do that too?
 Don't give up friends. Hey, this is Marley Jackson above all the marketing secrets
 I've learned over the past decade
 I'd have to say that learning about the value ladder has been the most impactful
 I could have never predicted how implementing a value ladder would completely reshape my business qualify my buyers and
 Explode my lifetime customer value and because of the value ladder
 I don't need to do any extra work convincing my audience that my services are worth their investment
 They enter in the bottom of the value ladder and at that point they're separated to two groups
 The group that's prepared with their credit cards in hand and the group that isn't yet ready to buy and I loved how last year at FHL
 Russell held up a copy of expert secrets and was like how many of you read this book?
 And of course every hand went up and then Russell was like then why are you all here?
 Demonstrating that people will pay more for the same thing packaged in different ways
 Because it's different levels of value all of those people raising their hands or a testament to the fact that the value ladder
 Works the sea of people is made up of individuals who will pay for flights
 hotel rooms babysitters and
 Tickets so that they can increase their intimacy and have access to Russell's expertise. That is the value ladder at work
 And then it also makes me think of all the people who?
 Pay to go to school for years to learn how to run a business and
 For what come to FHL instead get your value ladder going. Hey America your from performance marketer podcast calm
 Now one of the biggest marketing secrets I discovered over the last 10 years is how to convert cold leads into customers by using surveys
 surveys provide information about the customer that allows me to segment and target relevant messages and by doing so you get much higher
 Response rate and a much higher return. So here's what I learned
 One of the biggest mistakes marketers make is that they think they need to customize their core product offering to different target markets
 When all you really need to do is customize the message and position your core product differently based on the objections
 Each target market has without ever changing your core offer. So here's how you would do it
 You start off by surveying your audience asking the right questions that allow you to
 Allow your audience to self-declare their skill set and tell you what their objections fears and insecurities are about your vehicle
 Based on the result of the survey you split your market into smaller groups of people with similar needs and identifiable
 characteristics based on the results of the survey
 You then target each group with the custom tailored marketing messages
 Positioning your offer differently for each market segment
 This makes the person feels if you customize just for them and you speak to them in a way that they can relate
 So when I do this
 My effective CPM skyrockets I market to less people my cost are lowered and I make a much higher return
 Now a good example of this is with Nike if you go to Nike's website
 You'll see that they segment with men women and kids
 However, Nike niches down from those markets when they make the Jordan react Havix where in one case
 They have running shoes that have six different options different colors
 But then on the other hand they also make Jordan react Havix sneakers for colleges such as Florida and Oklahoma
 The look of the sneakers is customized by each school, but it's the same exact core product positioned
 differently for target segments now, it's funny because also Nike just started making
 Special sneakers for nurses and doctors and again same core product position for a niche market now
 I hope this helped you and served you in some way
 Good luck with everything go go generate some leads and convert them into customers
 Good luck guys. Take care. Hey, hey everybody. This is Katie Richardson on
 Katie Richardson calm coach to high performing entrepreneurs and
 My number one marketing tip is this the purpose of our interactions with our customer and client is not to sell the product
 We are only trying to get them to take the next step
 So what do I mean?
 That means your email subject headline is not trying to sell the product or give them the answer
 to speak the purpose of the email subject headline is just to get them to click and open the email and then the purpose of the email
 Isn't necessarily to sell the product as well as to get them to click and go to our landing page our Facebook ads
 We're not trying to tell them everything about our product and sell the product in a Facebook that add because guess what?
 That's impossible. We're just trying to get them to click and go to our landing page
 So figuratively speaking when we try and sell our product in the email subject headline or in the email or on the Facebook ad
 What we're essentially doing is we are standing on the other side of a very crowded room
 Trying to shout across the noise to our ideal customer client and try and get them to understand what we're saying
 They can't there's so much noise around them. What we need to do is we need to walk over and
 Meet them where they are at. This is really important to understand where they are at in their life in their business and
 First help them see that we understand where they're at
 Take their hand and move them to the next step
 And then once they take that step then move them to the next step and once they take that step then move them to the next step
 They need to walk with us get to know us get to like know and trust us before they can even attempt
 To answer the question do I want to buy this product?
 Do I want to move forward with this coach or this mentor?
 Do I want this like is this product gonna solve the problem in my life?
 They haven't had enough interactions
 So the number one marketing tip I have is to meet your customer where they're at and just get them to take the next step
 Hi there
 I'm Tom Shipley from karenik.com and Alana Atlantic Coast brands the biggest marketing secret that I've learned over that past decade is
 Marketing offers and channels are like milk and not wine. They don't get better over time
 You know, it's funny. We're taught in business number one focus is a secret of success
 We're also taught that diversifying is a secret of longevity. So how do they go together?
 Let me tell a quick story. We launched our karenik here here women's hair regrowth offer in email Google affiliate marketing and DR radio
 We had a winner it won in every channels and wave a hit
 We decided to expand quickly with focus channel by channel into first Facebook display
 TV short-form TV long-form TV and then direct mail and
 Along the way one day Google just for no reason shut down our account so we could do search
 They kept a shutdown for eight months and one day they've turned it back on but luckily we had diversity
 So we're able to keep on going but over time. This is what happened channel by channel the cost of the our cost
 Per order kept on rising and to a certain point that our spend started declining channel by channel to pretty soon a number of our channels were just shut down all the way
 Um, we refreshed the creative we gave new bonuses, but when at certain point an offer becomes not profitable
 So what do we do?
 Well when an offer dies out and you can't refresh it you then it's time to launch the next offer
 Which is another lesson we launched our karenik
 Hair vitamin offer a care of itin and first in Facebook and email and now we're expanding like crazy across number channels
 Because we're making on this offer we're generating over a million dollars a month in sales
 So here's what the lessons that I learned that are key is over time
 Marketing channels become less and less effective and become not profitable over time offers become less and less effective
 And become not profitable
 So it's very critical to when you have a winner to expand channel by channel and not just sit and enjoy the one channel
 You're on and go all in on the offer, but at the same time then start investing in your next offer
 So when this one way uh winds down you have your next offer ready to go
 There you go. That's my greatest lesson from 2010 and it served as well over the last decade
 Thanks for listening. This is Nicholas barely with the billion dollar body
 Dot com and my biggest marketing secret over the past decade is the pain and dream bank for a long time
 I wasn't using people's pains and dreams to be able to motivate them to take action quicker
 There's so many times that we go into things like marketing business sales
 And people don't want to take action right away and they don't see the value too and they're they're not ready to go after it
 And the pain and dream bank for me allowed me to figure out the worst pain in the world is this
 Chronic pain the reason the worst pain in the world
 Is chronic pain not all these other different options that you think of in your head is chronic pain is just enough pain for it to hurt
 But not enough pain to be able to actually take action
 And so the example of this in the world would be like back pain everyone out there has back pain people will have it for 40 years
 It's just enough pain for them to complain about talk about all the time
 But it's not enough pain for them to actually go get it fixed
 Especially if there's a major investment. So one of the biggest things that you can do in your marketing strategy that I've done
 Is before just hitting on the dream of do you want to be here in your business or do you want to be in your health or your relationships?
 And just selling that dream first you want to get people into out of chronic pain and into that serious pain
 By poking at those pain points inside of your marketing
 So that you can raise that pain from before chronic pain to attend which would be you know like a bullet when you're broken arm
 Note people will go to the hospital and they won't even ask for what the amount is the bill
 They're not going to shop around because now you've hit on the pain point, which is increase the urgency
 Once you have that now they want to move towards something now you have that solution
 Which is then selling them on the dream?
 I'm always impressing on the pain points inside of the marketing and then
 Getting them to be a fast movers so that they then can jump into the dream side
 Which is where they want to be and my strategy there is allowing them
 To tell you and then using that message against them
 So allow those people out there that are your clients your past customers to tell you
 What their desired result is over and over again?
 Reflying that down to your best people and use that as your marketing strategy back to duplicate those best clients
 Hey, this russell again. So the next marketing secret came from one of my inner circle members. His name is mike arcy
 mic runs a huge agency helping gym owners
 And his ideas are always amazing. So with that said let me cue up mikes box back to me over the last uh, I would say
 actually four years
 I've definitely learned a couple things that helped us a lot because for six years of our business
 We just celebrate our 10-year anniversary first year six years. We were very stuck at about the 40k at multi recurring revenue kind of sucked
 and then um
 in year seven
 Really found the importance of focusing and then also going omnipresent with that focus
 So we niche down. We used to be able to help all different
 Businesses with their marketing and then we just decided, you know what let's focus on an industry that I actually really do care about
 or you know for me it was fitness
 And uh, so we focused on fitness studios
 And then we said okay. Well, let's go omnipresent with it. Meaning I want to be everywhere all the time
 so believe it or not without running one paid ad in
 Three years and probably 10 months because we just started running paid that paid ads for the first time about a month and a half ago
 Um
 We went from 40k a multi recurring revenue to 1.4 million in monthly recurring revenue
 And it's growing really quick. So to give you context
 In
 July of this year, we were only at 700k monthly recurring revenue already at we doubled that since july
 And every month we're adding like another 50 to 70k monthly recurring revenue
 So
 So as far as omnipresent goes like stuff that we've done is obviously we've created a podcast back
 We created two
 But one specific to that particular industry
 We've created a the best conference right now for the industry in fact
 Um, it's coming up again in a few months, but it's to me. It's the best conference in the industry hands down
 It's just it's a show
 We also have created over 3000 videos that are spread throughout
 Facebook and youtube and instagram, but mainly facebook and youtube
 Uh, we've also created like book booklets
 So these quick little booklets that take an hour to read but they're on marketing another one fun sales another one
 Presales all that stuff
 Um, we've obviously created blogs. We've got to other conferences spoke there been another podcast. You know spoke there
 Um
 Do it a lot like honestly like everything and anything I could think of we created shows
 Anything and everything I could think of that would give us another outlet
 Where we can uh, basically put ourselves as authority in that particular niche
 We've done and it's worked extremely well for us. So anyway, I know you want to make you go into three minutes
 So uh, it's done great man. Hopefully, uh, something that you want to share if not no big deal man
 Um doing great with the podcast and everything else so happy new to you happy decades here
 All right. Next is joe marpholio. Joe is the guy on my team who runs all of our youtube stuff
 Um, he is an amazing marketer and been an amazing historical member and i'm excited for you guys to takeaways
 Uh, the biggest marketing secret he's had over the last decade
 So I think the thing that's helped me the most over the last 10 years to be successful
 Or what is helping to have the most success
 Is finding
 The right partners or finding
 Uh, the people that can compliment my strengths
 I think sometimes as entrepreneurs, you know, we want to be like this one man gang
 Like, okay. I'm putting this product together
 Uh has to come up with the product have come up with the content have to come up with the
 Landing page with the webinar with the ads
 So you have a lot of balls that you're juggling and it's really easy for one of those balls
 The fall and you know, everything to get thrown off track or if you're trying to juggle all these different pieces
 It's very hard to scale and to grow and to really get to that next level. So for example in
 um
 One of my the info products. I have we're we're actually getting the 10 million dollar award
 Here at the next funnel hacking live and I didn't do that all by myself
 I you know, there was there's there's three other partners and everyone of those partners has a special role that they do
 And that's what they focus on like one person all he does is as reach out to jv's
 You know get jv's and then he does the webinars and the email follow-ups
 And that's it. So, you know, that allows me to focus on my part now that people focus on their part without having to also
 Worry about that. And if he's only going out and getting jv's then we have a pretty full pipeline
 Of people who are going to promote our product, you know, and then for me my end I take care of the fulfillment making sure it gets fulfilled
 And the pieces are all put together
 And so you so I I ran the gamut like I've done it all myself and I've made a lot of money doing it myself, but it's
 It's way it it it gets it gets hard to sustain
 So to scale and grow it's like you just find people that can
 Fit the pieces and do the things that you
 Either don't want to do or not very good at or shy away from because also the other thing is is if it's something that you're not very
 Good at you don't want to do odds are you're not going to end up doing it or or
 Oftentimes you're not going to do a great job at it
 And it's not only the info business that that works for me is I also do that in my agency
 Where you know, we you know, if I
 You know, I can't fulfill everything myself. So I find people who are the best at what they do
 Um because if I'm if I have a client and he's paying me money
 I want to make sure I write them giving him the full service. Um, and he he's getting
 Um, you know, he's getting his money's worth
 Um, but I can't do everything. I can't do you know, I can't
 Do like we do SEO we do youtube like I can't do every piece of it
 So so I try to find people who are really really good at it
 Or or are either partner with them if they're if they're showing a big part of what I need or I'll hire them
 Either temporarily or long term. So I guess the biggest thing for me is that is being
 Is being humble and knowing that you're not superman
 And you're not going to do it all and you can't just grunt your way through everything and just kind of grit your teeth and
 Work 18 hours a day and do everything. It's so much easier and satisfying if you could find
 You know, find partners who love to do the stuff that you don't want to do
 And work together and just move in the same direction. Um, so I think oh if I could say in the last 10 years
 um that
 Coming to the realization of that and applying that
 Has helped me more than probably anything else. Hey everyone this Russell again
 And we've got one last one that came in a little bit past the deadline, but we thought we'd sneak it in
 This is from inner circle member chris baden. Um, hope you guys enjoy this as the last
 Marketing secret from my inner circle the best marketing tip hands down is the click funnels
 Community and i'm being serious here. Here's what I mean. Yes, it's the software and the podcast and the books and the resources
 Yes, but it's also the live events. It's also the two comic club coaching program
 It's the whole thing the whole community think about it
 If you want all the best marketing tips and strategies go where all the best marketers and marketing is happening
 See for me and my heart was pounding almost out of my chest because I was about to make one of the biggest decisions
 Of my life so far
 And of course I make that with my beautiful wife and she's sitting in a rocking chair across the room
 Rocking back and forth with our firstborn at the time that was only two weeks old
 And I look at her and i'm like are we crazy or is this a good idea?
 And our decision that we were contemplating was going all in on this online marketing thing
 We had no prior knowledge or experience
 And it was a really nerve-wracking thing because if it didn't work there was a lot at risk for us
 So
 We jumped in all in and less than a month of doing that making that decision that day and that moment
 We find this thing called click funnels and here's the thing. Yes 11 months later. It led to the
 Biggest month that we've ever had in life and we've had ongoing
 Success but getting involved in the community
 I was able to form a life changing partnership with shana melissa melon
 We did a launch and we did almost a quarter million in a month
 And then we get we keep going and we get involved in two comma club coaching program masterminds
 And in just 10 months of being focused of that we did over a million dollars in sales
 Look if I
 If life has taught me something so far in this experience is if you want to go fast
 Go alone, but if you want to go far
 Go together. So if I had to go back and tell myself just one thing one marketing tip. What would I say?
 Don't do it alone. You've got to get plugged in to the click funnels community
 Hey, this is ruffle again and really quick. I want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did
 Can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with 5,000 other insane funnel hackers people who were just like you
 Who think like you who believe like you who have vision like you if you would like to do that
 And you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live. It's coming up very very soon
 If you don't ever take a shot you go to funnel hacking live calm
 And it gives you the ability to leave your home
 Leave where you're you're trying to to create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you
 Who believe like you who see visions like you of what they can create what they can become
 Funnel hacking live is not just a marketing event. It's not just a personal development event
 It's both those things wrap into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me I go to funnel hacking live.com
 New your tickets. We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well and after you take it you will be there with 5,000 other insane crazy fun
 The funnel hackers talking about a girl their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You gotta go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live.com. Thanks so much and i'll see you in Nashville
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
