 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson and we just submitted the traffic secret manuscript
 I'm gonna tell you that story and hold much more on today's episode of the marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody it's 5 21 and 21 minutes ago we submitted the final final final final
 manuscript for the traffic secrets book the work is finished. I'm not allowed to ever again and
 Very much like cool. I'm a morgan. I think submitted final final manuscript a while ago. Oh, I have a problem and
 The problem is not perfectionism, but I want to do things right and I think I told the story before but I think
 It stems back to a conversation out of my dad and I was like six years old
 And basically my job was to clean the car and he said go clean the car. So I clean the car came back
 So dad is done. He's like it's done. I'm like yeah, he's like
 Like don't come see it. He's like well. Let me like are you proud of it
 Like what do you mean? He's like well, you're proud of it like
 I don't know. He's like well if you're proud of it, it's done. I was like crap
 I knew that I kind of like cut some corners and wasn't super happy. So went back in the car cleaned it way better
 Came back and said dad. I'm done. He said are you proud of it?
 I said yeah, I said okay, then you're done you're fine. You can go and I was less than always stuck with me
 So I think I have that tendency. It's not perfectionism. It's just I want to make sure that
 That what I'm creating when putting my name on that it that it matters that it's important that it's good
 And so that's kind of why
 Yeah, that that frame is like my mindset. So
 Basically form it to Fiji
 I submitted the final manuscript
 I was gone for a week and then the editor or the publishers get it and they have an editor who goes to everything
 So the new editor went through everything and I got back in Fiji
 She says here's a manuscript and I go through and you see my edits you can accept reject everything
 So we kind of that and then as we're going through it. So that was that was um, I got home Tuesday night
 So Wednesday came I got the manuscript and I was like this is good
 I'm like I want to read out loud just to make sure that sounds get out loud as well
 So we put three together a makeshift thing
 Set up a stage at the office and then all the Thursday all the Friday
 I read the book to a group about ten people and then we stream it to everyone who had taken some fun
 Hacking live and the first section I was really proud of I was like boom proud of it. Let's go and the second section
 I was not proud of it
 The content was good, but it was clunky. It was hard to get through it was boring
 I was I even skipped sections like how do you want to read the same like I'm bored fine board?
 This is not good. You know, I mean and in third section
 I love third section super proud of the second section. I wasn't had a sick feeling last week inks
 I'm like I know what's gonna take it to go and rework this whole thing
 I was like I can't do this weekend this weekend. I got a prepare for
 Monday we have the quick phones birthday announcement. So I didn't touch this the whole weekend Sunday night
 I got started with my presentation Monday all day did the presentation I talked about that
 We launched the birthday launch smashing success and I came Tuesday. I was like, okay
 I got to read section to the book which is not a small section only three sections in the book. It's like a hundred and big 121 pages
 If I took it and I started writing and I spent all day what was that Tuesday?
 Did that
 Dart deep into the night and Wednesday I went and I stayed late
 I'm home Wednesday came a Wednesday like midnight and then Thursday, which is last night I went in worked on it
 And I left the office last night at
 330 in the morning
 And I almost had it done for a couple sections this morning came in finished last sections joy Anderson on my team
 She's going crazy and editing and cleaning things up and getting the images done just all the stuff with me and
 Like to myself today handed the last image to her. She spent all day cleaning it up at five o'clock got submitted
 And it's fun because it's usually live on Facebook live I was watching her videos she was talking about just like who does that?
 Most people like I've written the book. It's been edited. You know three times over but but
 But you know I wanted I can I didn't want I don't want this to be a good book
 I want to speak great book. I don't want to speak like other people
 I read the traffic secrets book what I'm gonna be like
 Oh my gosh
 I read it and I referenced it and I look at it over and over and over again and like I want something that sticks
 I wanted something that'll last beyond be and so that's why I put so much time and effort and energy into it
 But as right now it's done. I'm on about three hours of sleep taking my kids out
 We're gonna go play have some good time and I'm gonna crash and sleep first long as my body will allow me to
 My kittings long my kids will allow me to
 And I'll be back at it for around two tomorrow morning, but anyway, I just want to celebrate with you. It's exciting
 It's been a hard work. It's been a long journey
 and
 grateful for
 People like you who listen and who care it makes this work worthwhile and fun to do
 It's interesting as I was writing the dedication
 I was looking at the dedication for other books and the dedication for the dot-com secrets book
 I talked about my mom my dad and my wife
 The expert secrets book I talked about Dagan Smith talked about all the experts who who positively changed my life
 And then I talked about my kids so this book I'm like who's this book dedicated to and I don't have the dedication
 For me to wait till the book comes out to read it, but
 It was dedicated to you it was dedicated to the entrepreneurs. I've been called the serves my half my funnel hackers and
 You can read what I wrote there, but the basic gist is that
 You know because of you this thing that I'm so passionate about has has a purpose because you just take the stuff and you learn
 And you implement it it has meaning and you know
 I think so many people struggle in this world because they don't have meaning that I'm purpose and I just grateful because if you guys
 I have a purpose and I have a reason behind all this stuff and I'm just grateful
 So the third book is dedicated to you my funnel hackers and I hope that you love it
 I hope that it helps you
 You know
 It's called traffic secrets
 How about how to get people into your funnels and get the eyeballs to see what you have what you're publishing
 But the real power is like it's putting your message for your God given talents out in front of people
 Right if I can help expose more people who you have to offer
 Like then all the pain and the stress and the agony over the last you know 18 months since we started this project
 Well, been worth it
 You know and I said that I said that I said that this book helps you get one new customer to come to you
 Who's life you can change through the product and services you've been given then will be north that and my goal?
 Well, I'll tell my goals later. Well, I'll tell my goal
 We're gonna be doing a big launch for this when it goes live my goals is so well
 It's been context doc on seekers book during launch sold 20,000 experts seekers book was like 70 or 75,000
 This one I myself quarter million copies during the launch month and then
 a million the first year and so
 If I get a million people's book each of you guys each person gets the books able to get just one new customer
 It's a million people's lives who have been changed because of it some of you guys can use it to affect
 Thousands of tens of thousands or millions people's lives. So
 Anyway, that's why they made everyone wonders why I keep doing it
 Why I staplate why I put in the time and effort energy why I didn't just you know take a last week and happen folks
 on the next project instead did three all-nighters in a row back to back to back
 It's because I care and I care about my message I care about you I care about people you're serving
 And so I give it my own and hope to obvious take that same kind of passion with
 The work the art the things you're creating things you're putting out there
 Because if you do that then they will last
 Beyond you and that's why we do this right?
 Anyway, all right with that said I'm gonna go
 Get packed up and out to the go down town play with the kids and then I'm gonna pass out
 So I'm gonna go thank you guys again for listening for paying attention for following along and once again grateful for the opportunity to serve you
 That help this book will will help take your business to your life and your platform to the next level. All right
 Good night. Talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
