 Good morning everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome you to the marketing seekers podcast today
 We're gonna be talking about what I call an unboxing funnel
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone hope you guys are having an amazing weekend, I'm actually out today in my yard
 We've been having fun with the kids cleaning things up getting ready for winter, which is near upon us
 And I'm hoping that the wind doesn't blow too loud as I'm sharing the stuff with you
 But I just got this thought in my hand. I'm excited. I want to share with you
 So I'm gonna dive deep into an unboxing funnel because next week we're launching
 our 10x secrets masterclass
 Which I'm really proud of and really excited for and what we're doing is
 What I call an unboxing funnel some of the kind of breakdown what that is and share with you guys because I think for a lot of
 a
 lot of us marketers who are doing things we only
 We only look at things one way like a lot of you guys are in webinars and you're looking at that one way
 And so I want to share with you this because basically what we're doing is
 What we're calling an unboxing funnel, which is like a webinar
 but we're tipping it outside and breaking it up and unboxing it to a really cool offer
 So I'm gonna walk you stay here a second, but
 first off I love to give you some feedback because I
 Started thinking like I don't know if you guys all do the same thing, but like when I see the people I'm competing against do things
 Like I'm always watching right and I think comes from me growing up as a wrestler as a wrestler
 I knew what I was trying to accomplish right like first. I want to be state champ
 I want to be an all-American they want to be a national champ
 So I had these things right and I'm watching all the people I'm competing against so I'm watching the matches and watching their scores
 I'm watching what they're doing and watching the moves are good at and then I'm practicing based on that
 so I'm back in my you know, I'm watching to say the
 Watching then the tournament and I see the guy who's better than me who wins turn maybe I take 30 wins it
 I watch the match. I study I go back to my dorm room
 I start like figuring out. Okay, how do I beat this guy?
 Well, he did this now we did it like I gotta get better these positions and this thing
 And so when I had a chance to wrestle in the next time I'd be able to beat him right that's my whole life
 I was 20 years of my life, which is
 You know if you wonder why I compete so much in business and why I love this game is because it's the same thing
 I'm looking at my competitors what they're doing and trying to figure out
 You know the next move. It's like a game of chess for me. It's fascinating to me that I don't feel like
 I don't know why but for some reason no no one's like being willing to step up in like like hardcore compete against this which
 It's kind of frustrating as a competitor like I'm used to that
 So I'm not used to that. I want people to step and compete and instead nobody really is which I guess is probably good
 But at the same time always surprises me so I look at people I'm competing against and I'm watching like I don't know about you
 But I watch what they do and it's like chess I'm looking at the moves they're making and I see them move they make and then like
 And then I try to like okay based on this I'm gonna do this and like this is where I got to get stronger
 And this is where I got to protect ourselves and like which is like logical strategy right as an athlete as a competitor
 But for some reason in business like nobody's I don't know it's interesting
 so I'm still right is I watch as our competitors make moves and
 Then what I do is I put myself in this role where I'm like if I was consulting this people like this is what I would do
 And it's just kind of fun fun exercise in my head in fact
 I remember that probably two maybe two and a half years ago
 I did a podcast episodes right for clay Collins the founder of lead pages had done something that I was like
 like to play it into like what anyway played into like our stirrings
 It was like the greatest thing he could have done for me and I remember being so shocked and I was like
 It's like if I was wrestling a wrestling match and the person's like stepping into me which opens up the lake for me to shoot on
 I was like why would you do that?
 I remember being so confused like dude you literally just opened up a gap and make it so easy to dominate you right
 And so I'm so confused by this and so I did a whole podcast episode
 I remember that that day drive to the office about like if clay Collins hired me as this
 Consultant this is what I would have said and what I would have showed him like how he executed things poorly, right?
 It was a really funny episode and then I realized that I was probably a jerk to post that so I didn't I don't think I ever
 Post I don't even know I may still have it somewhere to go look for it
 But it was a really funny podcast like me coaching my competitor on what they should have done as opposed to what they did
 like you stepped here which means you're out of position which is why we were able to attack and
 You know open up expose your flaws which in wrestling matches how I beat you
 Whereas if instead if you've done this like this actually been like something for me as your competitor
 I would have like I would have been my toes for right
 but
 Again like anyway, I didn't publish that one because I thought it'd be you know probably too soon
 But part of me is like almost wanting to do the same thing right now and like publish like for example, this isn't sanity to me
 Word is on the streets
 And I've seen some stuff they've been publishing. Oh, it's crazy
 like infusion soft right now is in the process of changing their name and like in the documents is not their partner saying why they change their
 Name is literally because people are teasing them calling them confusion soft
 And I'm like you guys have a 18 18 19 20 years of branding behind this thing and you're literally changing your name because
 People in my community and I didn't start this it was all them
 have been teasing and calling them confusion soft right and like and
 It's just it blows my mind like I want to
 As a marketing consultant I'm like dude
 What do you do like that? There's no?
 Better like if I was wrestling you literally just stood straight straight up and like put your arms down by your side and
 It's just like I just I it's almost impossible for me not to score and take you down at this point
 It's strategically like in sanity, but like that's the move they're making right and so party and I just I tease them
 But like there's all like is happening other businesses around us who like people I look at it's like okay
 These are legitimate competitors who could have a shot if they would just play their cards right and they're doing everything the
 They're just literally here's my leg Russell and I'm like is this a joke like they're setting up and they grab the leg and take
 Them out I'm like nope. They just literally gave me their leg like what were they thinking anyway?
 So part of the wants is our whole podcast where I just
 Critique my competitors and tell them what they should have done
 Actually be at the red as opposed to you're giving me their giving us their leg and letting us just take them down
 But maybe I can't do that maybe I shoot in the path like record them all and then publish me a year later
 so anyway, let me know if you want me to do more of those things because I think it's funny and
 At the same time I think it's good for you guys because like we should all be thinking strategic like that
 Like looking who are the people who are also trying to serve your customers and if you're half as passionate as I am about my customers like
 The reason why I'm so aggressive you guys if you I wonder why I trust such aggressive market rising is play nicer
 It's like I honestly feel in my in my gut like if people aren't using us if they're not using clickphones
 I'm not going through our train you're not doing our stuff like any other option
 That they're going through is like less effective for them. They're gonna struggle in this community
 I got care about my competitive my customers so much like I
 That's why I market so aggressive because I want my customers have success
 I feel like any other option is like blocking them from the success that they they deserve so
 That's how you have to kind of look at your business and then when you realize that's like oh my gosh
 These people doing great things. That's cool, but man
 I can serve these people at such a higher level like I need to do everything in my in my power to get my message out to
 Protect and save these people that I'm serving right and that's how I feel about that's the gut feeling you should have as you are serving
 You're your audience and if you don't have that yet
 It's like oh man
 You need to make your product better make your service better make your your message simpler to understand like make your
 Processes whenever it is like make it better because you should feel that way
 There's no else any thought way about your business except for you
 You better feel that passionate about it or else it doesn't make sense if the traffic secrets if I was telling everyone
 I want to cut on a little tangent rant with those guys there, but I
 I told people like it's funny people always are blown medical
 I'll see clothes 15% of the webinar you close
 45% of the room like whatever the numbers are and I'm like yeah
 That's really really good
 But also I get done
 I'm so pissed that I wasn't able to close the rest of them like what was wrong
 What did I say to like like what more could I have done to convince these people that this is the path they need like the 10x
 Events funny because there's 9,000 people in the room. We did 3.2 million. So these we closed a
 Little over thousand people right which means 8,000 people didn't buy and for me
 I'm like what more could I have said to convince us those other 8,000 people like I don't know what else I could have done
 And it just it frustrates me because I'm like man. I know any other option any other alternative that they try to
 to
 Go for is not gonna be nearly as you know
 It's not gonna help me get to their goals faster than what I'm offering them
 It's like what else can I do to to make sure that happens like that's why I'm so always focusing on this game because I care enough
 Without our people so there's our number one. All right, so
 Let me know if you guys want me to do a podcast like that
 It'll be funny. So there you go. All right. Let me let me go back to the the purpose of what I want to talk to you
 Talking is about today. So the concept I want to talk about today is what we're calling the unboxing funnel
 So what is an unboxing funnel?
 Well comes down to the offer and the first time we started nicknameing this was about last last year's fun hacking live
 Because every year we get a bunch of e-commerce people who come in in there like
 This funnel thing doesn't work for us it works for info products, but not for not for physical products and I'm like no you don't understand like
 And um, I started talking about how like
 Imagine something came to e-commerce short and it could be Amazon could be Shopify whatever they came to your store and they bought everything you got right
 they filled up the whole cart with all the good stuff and
 Like and all the things they would need to be successful with whatever the product or services they're buying from you, right?
 I said what unboxing funnel is is you're taking this cart of everything they could buy and then you're pulling things out of the box
 Right and you say what's the very best thing that someone could possibly want for me?
 And that's i'm gonna lead with okay, then what's the second best thing that's gonna be my order form bump
 But it's the third best thing that's gonna be the next piece right?
 So you have this like you're unboxing all the offers that are in this cart and then you put them in a logical sequence of order
 Um, and that's how you build a funnel the right way, right?
 So somebody comes in like for example Trey Luellen right when he launched his flashlight offer the same one that did 20 million
 Dollars in like six weeks, which is insane
 He could have just like had people come to his flashlight store and he has flashlights and cases and warranties and all that stuff that's there
 but instead he unboxed like
 What his dream client would buy and so he was the most like what's the best thing they'd want like best thing to want is
 Is the survival of flashlight? So that's the first offer right and what's the next thing? Oh, they probably want a case
 Okay, that's the second thing the third thing extra batteries and the fourth thing you want to warranty fifth
 You want faster shipping like he unboxed all the things that
 That he could potentially give his customer one time and let them kind of pick and you put him in um into a funnel
 And so that's when unboxing funnel is and so it's funny because
 The the product we're launching next week which by the time you guys hear this it'll probably already be launched
 So if you haven't purchased it yet, you're insane and go to 10xsecrets.com and go buy it
 Um
 And if you don't buy at least i'm going to explain the strategy behind this you understand
 So I very easily could have just done a webinar to sell 10xsecrets, right?
 um
 But I have done webinar multiple times and my
 My role
 In this ecosystem at this point. I don't feel is just to keep doing the same thing, right?
 um
 If I did then
 All I'd give people would have come in doing webinars through it and so like my my job is to keep
 Developing and inventing and creating new funnels new ways to sell um so that you guys can model them. Okay, does that make sense like
 Like the last thing I need in my life for now is more money
 That's not what I'm doing this or the launch for it
 So I can create a model for the rest of our community to look at and then to emulate for their funnels, right?
 So if I see another webinar, you're like, oh Russell did another webinar, yeah
 And there'll be times I do more webinars, but it's like the reason why I did the 30 days.com funnel
 Well, so you guys can listen to that look at it. Oh my gosh
 How could I use something I just in my business? How could I make a summit?
 How could I do a challenge like we're just innovating and developing and creating doing new things
 To be a model for you guys to come back to model what we're doing funnel hack and take it back into your businesses
 Okay, so that's like what I feel my role is in this ecosystem
 And so this time right cake, how do we create a cool funnel that shows people what's possible, right?
 I feel like the people who who study me close or have done like they're all they've all done
 webinars now and free plus shipping offers cause the two funnels that we
 We've done primarily so say okay, I'm gonna do new things new concepts
 So anyway, all right. So that's what this unboxing funnel is is instead of in webinar
 Which I could definitely do the webinar. Like if you look at what the offer actually is
 It's a thousand dollar offer, right?
 Um, if I was just holding a webinar, I could easily sell for thousand dollars would be you can get this and this and this and everything when you buy
 So instead of doing instead of doing that I'm making an unboxing funnel to unboxing the pieces out of here
 So if I was to sell this on a webinar
 Like what's the offer to live on the webinar itself for thousand dollars? Okay, so how that and looking at all the pieces of the offer and sticking
 What's the sexiest?
 Best most exciting piece of this offer. I figure that isn't I'm gonna pull that part out
 Okay, I pull it out of the funnel and that becomes the front end
 Okay, so you'll see when we launch this the front end offer what it actually is and it's gonna be the my 10x train
 Six and a half hour train. That's the core thing and there's a couple of abundances to go with it
 Um, and those are all things that would have been pulled out of the stack slide, right?
 And that becomes the front end. I'm gonna sell that for anywhere from I can't remember yet. We're still can't go back on the price
 somewhere between
 $197 or $200 to $300 right somewhere in that that range with the front end will be so people will buy that then the order form bump on the page
 Will probably be $47. It's gonna be the powerpoint slides in the video me explaining how the slides work and kind of going through it and training them on the slides
 Okay, so that was another component that would have been the stack slide if this was had been a webinar
 Okay, then the upsell now is going to be um
 This closing program like how do you close on webinar?
 What are all different closes?
 And so I'm bringing in all the people that I learned closing from like john chilters came and taught his children's chunks
 In fact, then he actually let me license. This is so cool
 He sell he used to sell a $25,000 um speaker training where he taught his children chunks and um
 I paid him a ton of money to license that so now inside the the closing secrets program
 There's like a licensing we license like how to do the children's chunk
 So you get his entire 25,000 our courses in there and then I got and that in john chilters
 This guy originally in public speaking from so it's like his best stuff right and it's miren golden coming in and teaching
 How to do the price marinade and the re pitch
 We've got ted thomas coming in teaching trial closes like all the closing stuff and that becomes the second part of the offer and that
 Part will probably sell for um, I believe $297. Okay, so we have a
 $197 product and $297 upsell a $47 order form bump and then we'll have a second upsell
 Which will be then the fat event so those who came to the original fat event. Um, it's the same event that
 um natalie hodson came to before she launched her
 abscor and pelvic floor product that did a million dollars in four months
 Um, it's the same event that randy kaylin came through before their webinar same
 You know all these people went through this this event they each had to pay
 $25,000 to be my inner circle to be at that event it was a private event
 I did just for them
 and there's when people have talked about ever since because they've seen all the results from it and um
 but that event is then
 Three days event is the up is the second upsell
 Um, which is the fat event recording stuff like that which would be a $490 offer
 Okay
 So if you take that and you take all the products right the front end and the two upsells and you add up the price of what we're actually selling for
 ends of being a thousand bucks, which is the same I would have sold it for in a webinar
 But I've unboxed each of the pieces to turn it into an actual funnel. Does that make sense?
 So, you know, $197 front end
 $297 upsell
 $497 upsell, but it's the same product, right?
 But I've unboxed it so instead of selling through a webinar with a longer form presentation
 I unboxed and I can sell it differently so I sell it through sales letters and sales videos and things like that
 and so
 Anyway, that's what someone shared to you guys so um
 Because a lot of you are like I have webinars killing what's my next offer be Russell
 And a lot of times the next offer isn't like doing a whole new offer
 It's unboxing the webinar that you're killing it with
 Unbox it and create an unbox funnel, which is like front end up sell down sell type type thing, right?
 So it's not like I have to recreate something new from scratch
 It's just you're unboxing it and you're selling it in a different way the same product different funnel different strategy different way to do it
 Okay, because some people may never have be willing to pay the nine and you know the thousand bucks for your course
 But they may be able to pay $200 or $97 for your front end
 And maybe they can't buy all the upsells but it gets them in now you get a whole bigger segment of the market
 And how he's getting your products and then you can serve them and then eventually you'll be able to send them up to the higher levels, right?
 And so that's kind of what I want to share with you guys today
 Um the concept of an unboxing funnel and thinking back about that with whatever it is you're selling
 Um if you're trying to figure out what's my next funnel what's my next product with what's my next thing
 It might be just as simple as unboxing it and um doing something amazing
 So there you go. You guys hope that helps
 Um that's it I'm gonna go finish cleaning my yard and then go play with my kids some more
 We're going to football games tonight. It's the BYU Boise State football game. Those two know my backstory
 I wrestle the BYU and they cut the wrestling program so I transferred a Boise State or the Boise State and they cut the wrestling program
 So I honestly hope both teams lose tonight. I hate them both
 But it'll be fun to go with my kids. Um have a good time. I know my daughter is
 BYU fan my kids are other boys are Boise State fans so it'll be kind of a family war and rivalry
 Um and honestly, I'm gonna cheer for whoever's winning because I can flip flop because I played for both teams
 I got letterman's jackets from both teams. So I'm allowed to so
 Um anyway other than that you guys have a great um weekend
 And uh if you haven't got your t-shirt fun hacking live, what are you waiting for here in seine?
 We are more than halfway sold out tickets will be gone soon. Just go to funnel hacking live.com
 Um we are putting on a huge show for you
 You have already spent over a million dollars cash out of my pockets to put on this party for you
 And I don't know about you would fight a friend who's obsessed with marketing who put on an event and spent over a million
 Dollars to entertain me for four days and teach me funnels and to change my life forever
 I would spend a thousand bucks to get a ticket and show up and um unless you hate money, you should be there as well
 So appreciate you guys. I hope we'll see you at the event here in a couple months and with that said
 Um, I'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
