 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to marketing seekers podcast. I am the lake pal if you'm listening to these past episodes
 You know that I'm a family of the case right now
 I'm unplugged and so I am stuck to my thoughts which has been really fun and just thinking through a lot of things and hopefully
 In the past people told me the lake pal episodes are some of my best ones
 Hopefully this gives you some ideas some aha's and insights in you your life your business and a bunch of other really cool things
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain
 profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Okay, so what I'm talking about today is actually something happened right before we left the lake pal
 So obviously I've been playing this marketing game for a long long long long time, right?
 I love building funnels love creating offers. I've been doing it for as long as anyone. I know I've been doing
 I think I'm a mic 20th year, so I've been playing this game
 I love it and I think I'm pretty good at it. I'm not the best at all areas of it
 I think as a whole I'd say I'm in the top 1% of people who who play this game and
 And I enjoy it. Hopefully you enjoy as well and I enjoy talking about it. Hopefully you guys enjoy he listed me talk about it
 But I had a headless things happened right for the left. It was really really cool
 so we brought in some a couple new people on our team some really really good copywriters conversion analytics people and
 We're looking for our old funnels that have done well
 Traditionally fact specifically looking at our book funnels. I've got three really good book funnels
 my doc on secrets experts secrets and traffic seekers books
 which I have a lot of traffic to the funnels traditionally been really really well and the question was could make these better and
 and
 and
 One reason why we had to do is because one of our one of our offers upsell number two
 We had to change out because of a anyway
 It's a partnership with someone and we had to change it out and so it got us kind of thinking like well what do we
 How do we change this right and like as long as you're changing it with brainstorm again?
 So it was nice. I had a whole bunch of people who weren't me who weren't their initially when he brainstormed the book funnel
 and we sat down and said okay, let's kind of talk about this like what can we do like what does it look like and
 Specifically someone new in our team her name is Saba and she's awesome
 And that's all I'm gonna tell you so I'm just hiring our way for me
 She's she's really really cool
 But she went through all the offers and upsells and everything and and I made kind of a pallet
 Here's like all the stuff we have we have basically unlimited, you know, I've created a billion products and we have unlimited content we do
 every want
 What should we create and so I kind of gave her the pal it spent a couple days and came back
 We started looking at this upsell flow and it was really cool for a couple reasons one is it's interesting things that you kind of forget, right?
 like
 At my events when we teach upsell flows I always talk about like the the importance of strategically
 Like that the strategic flow of your upsell flow, right?
 That people always ask me what's the first price point?
 It's the second price point and price point is not the important thing
 It's the flow right like they somebody's this that they buy the doc on seekers book, right?
 So it's all the problem for now they have this book that's gonna show them how to funnels
 So next upsell has to be as to solve a new problem
 So by by buying this first product, what is the the new problem it created, right?
 So like you bought doc on seekers book for example like now, you know how to make funnels
 But now you're like I don't know how to get traffic to my funnels or I don't know how to how to write copy for my funnels
 Right or whatever the next next problem is right or I know how to build a funnel now
 But I need to help I need someone to hold my hand. I want coaching on accountability. I want whatever right?
 There's a million things that could be
 But it's very strategic, right? And when I realized interesting enough is that
 And I don't know if you guys do this too for just me
 But sometimes my ego gets in the way and so my book funnels were
 Like I literally built the book funnels
 Because I wanted my first upsell to be the doc on seeker or the the seekers chosen my box that of all my books, right?
 Which is cool because like never has a chance about my books
 And I forced that as the upsell on all three of my funnels but looking at the actual data and numbers
 They didn't I mean they convert good, but not amazing
 And I didn't change it because I like wow that's what I want to sell
 So I want to sell as opposed to me asking the question like what do people actually want to buy right?
 And so what was cool is in some walk saw I came back and said okay
 Let's look at all these different offers
 She's gonna restructure things and she took like my book offer where right now
 So you buy the books and you get this one book for free
 It's really cool. She's like what if we did that plus we gave them this I think it's like one fun way challenge
 Plus we gave them this software over here and plus we give them and it's like five or six things
 And remember like is she's going through I was like kind of sick to my stomach like oh
 But I didn't say I think some site trying to be cool
 You know and like I don't want to like I hate when your brainstorming and someone comes in and has all the negative things to say
 About it, so I felt this like sick feeling in my stomach
 I was like okay, and they should talk about upsell number two and then
 Propose up so number three and and up so much who's like we can give this and this and this and this and I'm like you can't do that
 Because like this one's like a thousand dollars over and this one's this over here like ah
 And I was like kind of freaking out right and then I accept so she's going through and and in my head
 I'm just stressing acts like like we can't sell these things for that cheap like
 Like this is insanity like I'm just like this this this feeling of just like uneasiness because of this
 And then we sat there we could talking about it
 We look at it and I say draw them out on white board
 I like map it on my head so I could like come to grips with this whole thing and all of a sudden like I stopped for a moment
 I was like oh my gosh
 Look at this internal anxiety. I have going through this process
 and
 I start thinking about that. I was like oh my gosh like I am struggling because this offer is so good that I don't want to do it
 Now what do you think about an offer that's so good that you feel six years something actually giving it somebody because it's
 It's such a good deal. I guess probably the right offer right because I make an irresistible one-time offer
 You're like oh here's I sell this course for nice some dollars
 I'll sell it to you for nice some bucks like that's that's an offer
 But it's not an irresistible insane offer when you are sick to your stomach because right there's no way we can do this
 Like this this like I can't give all I can't give people this and this and all these things for this price because I guess
 It's just it's not worth it to me like I can't you know like you're sick to your stomach
 That's when you're close
 That's when you probably have the right offer and for me was this big aha just like oh my gosh like I've been stingy
 I've been like trying to feed my ego and try to make sure that he offers the things that I want to sell not what do people actually want
 And then looking at it from my okay if I'm not just making an offer
 I gotta make something irresistible right if I want to go from like a you know 15 to am I'm saying conversion rate on up
 So rate to a 40 50 percent it has to be irresistible
 We're in the process right now of purchasing a company
 I can't talk about it yet as soon as we finalize the fact the fact that they might be finalized when I get back from Lake Powell
 So I'm sure with whom we shouting it from the roofs
 But the the funnel like we're literally buying the same because the funnels are so good like when someone buys a product through the funnel the average cart value
 Is like a hundred and eighty dollars?
 I spent a hundred eighty dollars to sell this front on product, which is crazy
 Right it's so good
 But you look at the upsell flow and it's the same things like the most insane ears this block for where you
 Like I'm sure when the person buying the company from his first print together
 He's like six or stomach like I can easily sell this for thousand bucks or two thousand or more and it's like I'm just gonna do it for 97
 Like what you can't do that like it's insane right?
 I'm sick to myself like we spent fifty thousand dollars creating the same account sold for ninety seven dollars like and when you get that that
 Internal dialogue in your head when you're fighting it because this doesn't make any logical sense
 That's when you probably have an actual ears just to offer
 That's the key now is my big humbling this weekend this week before I came out like how is that?
 I'm thinking a lot about it like
 Sitting on the boat as I'm sitting here. I'm thinking like man like I felt so much anxiety and like frustration. It's kind of like
 How many of those ever seen the greatest show of all time 24?
 If not you should pause this right now go watch all the eight or nine seasons of it and then come back and finish the episode
 Otherwise you're gonna like it's more important than anything else you'd be doing right now is watching every episode 24
 But I digress so there's this bad guy in 24 and it's
 it's
 He's the president I have Paul the president president Logan
 I can't remember exactly it's been a while since I watched it, but he's the president and I remember that
 at first I thought that
 That the guy who played the president was like I hate this character like I hate him in every single episode
 He got worse. I was like I hate him. I was like I remember being so angry upset watching like episode episode episode
 This president was such a horrible person and like so angry and I was like I hate him
 Like why did they pick him to be the actor?
 Why these things and like being so frustrated and anger and and like I couldn't sleep and I was so angry at this person
 This president hated him so bad and also when they I stopped and I was like oh my gosh
 Look how I feel right now like I hate this guy, but I'm realizing now like I don't hate him
 Like he's probably one of the best actors I've ever seen because he's making me have this this visceral response to like everything
 He's saying like like and also I was like oh my gosh not as he's not the worst character of all time
 He's the best character like to make me hate him that bad is magical same thing when I first met Ben Settle
 I joined Ben Settle's email list and I used to get the daily emails and I remember
 I kept reading him kept reading him like they wouldn't annoy me so bad get me so frustrated and like it was probably two or three weeks
 In this email sequence, so I was just I was like and I don't unsubscribe from anything ever and
 I remember the emails were coming in. I really want to so upset
 I was gonna unsubscribe so angry at him and his philosophies and his thoughts and everything I was like oh
 And I was like about to unsubscribe I stopped for a second. I was like oh
 My gosh like look how I feel notice how he's making me feel right now like like he's giving me once again
 This visceral response where I'm like angry and upset and frustrated and so much so that I want to like oh
 And I was like oh my gosh
 Not really not I think you know pride I was like he's the worst marketer ever. I hate this guy
 He's wrong about everything else. I was like oh my gosh because he's making me feel
 He's amazing marketer like he got me to like to feel this way
 I've never in my life. I've read every email from a market
 I'd read every email of his for months because I was so angry and so upset and so frustrated and I was like
 I bought his thing. I bought the other thing about the either
 I hated him and frustrated by him annoyed by him in fact first on that then I told him that star
 I was like just you know like I hated you at first I couldn't I was like every email come out
 I get so annoying so upset and also I realized look at how he make me feel like
 Like to cause this kind of feeling in me shows that he's a master not someone who's bad
 Right and so a lot of times I want you guys to like start noticing how you're feeling as these things are happening to you because a lot of
 Times our brain is like pushing us one way in hating this thing where it could be like the greatest thing we could have learned right?
 And so anyway, I wanted to share that because that's how I felt when we're going to sub-cell flow
 And so the next time you're creating an offer and you're working on your upsells your downsells or your whatever your thing is you're working on
 And when you start thinking about that like how do I make this offer so good?
 I literally am sick to my stomach and frustrated and angry and like I can't do this like there's no way we can give people this much value
 We just can't do it and I'll see you're like oh
 That's it we got there
 We finally got a point where I don't want to do this because I feel like the value is so high
 Like they always saying any good offer but like any kind of good business deal or business partnership
 Both people should feel like they got the better end of the stick right like
 And if not it means that someone felt like they got a worse end and that's not good right like you want
 Bold people to feel like they have a better than a stick so if I make an offer so good
 I'm like this is insane like I can't do this because it's such a good offer that and honestly feeling that way deep in your gut
 And then the customer coming in like oh my gosh
 I'm a nice one dollars for that or 200 whatever the price is like oh my gosh now both sides
 Feel like they got the better end of the stick. That's how you make ears of spl offers
 That's how you create raving fans. That's how you create amazing offers
 And so anyway, I want to share with you guys because it was interesting was fascinating
 and
 I hope that helps you guys
 Go back to your old offers look at the up self-flowing big what else could I add what else could I add what I'll
 Say to me how can we solve for better? How can I make it better?
 How can I up this offer? How can I increase it even better and keep thinking through that and the better you make the offer?
 The more likely people will be to give you money
 Okay, a lot of times people like my episodes not converting what I need to do like your offer sucks make it better offer
 This is the best thing I got like well
 They make something better like what else can you give Mars keep create what else can you invent what else can you?
 Put together you need to make something that is so irresistible that they look at that like I have to give them money
 I need this thing right this is such a good deal such a good offer
 I have to give them money that that's the feeling they have to have or else you missed it
 So anyway, that's that I hope you guys enjoyed this episode
 Hopefully as go back and look at all of your old funnels all your old offers look at things you're doing
 If you're at how well it's kind of bundle what else can I add to make this offer even more is irresistible and keep doing it
 So you feel six-year stomach and that's when you're probably the spot where your offers finally get a start converting
 Hey, I hope that helps you guys. I appreciate you all links for listening for subscribing for hanging out
 If you like this podcast, please go to iTunes and leave me a review that'd be pretty sweet
 And with that said, I'll see you guys on the next episode. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now
 I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay now the phone over you text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
