 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson the late night edition the marking secrets podcast
 That's what I'm talking about quieter because I don't wake up my wife and kids, but
 I was thinking about you guys want to jump on and share with you a concept I call the umbrella brand
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so I may have mentioned this before in a podcast
 and
 When someone joins my two comma club ex coaching programs were the first things I tell them to do
 Because so many times we get into business and we're thinking about
 Like a part of business right like we think about a product or we start thinking about an offer right
 They think initially people get started before they've been hanging out to me for a while the first thoughts like I'm gonna create a product
 And they eventually like wait, I don't want a product. I want an offer so create an offer
 I want to offer I want a funnel with multiple offers in the funnel right like oh cool
 I actually don't want multiple, you know, just a funnel with offers in it
 I want a value ladder right and so like the vision starts growing and growing from
 from product to offer the funnel to value ladder right and
 anyways, it's interesting because
 You know in my business like I've done the same thing like I've got all over the place I've
 always laughed because
 You know and somebody joined my inner circle back in the day and they come in the very first
 Conversation we'd usually have like how many businesses you have and people be like oh, I've got 12 or I ate and always proud of it
 Like I have eight but four more than building like okay. Well the first thing we're gonna do to grow your company is
 You got to pick which of your eight babies you want to keep or suit you which of the eight babies
 We're gonna kill which we're gonna keep like what Mike yeah, you're only allowed to have one you can't you know like
 You know the person serves more than one master's like not gonna be successful and
 It was always hard for but the people who grew in scale were all ones who started focusing on one business
 And so the question I was like simply that means one funnel or means one value ladder
 Like what does that actually mean?
 And so for me like when I go into a market or when I consult somebody a market
 The first things I tell them to do is to create like an umbrella brand
 Right it's an umbrella brand all the other products and services and offers and things can kind of fit underneath that makes sense
 So if you think about click funnels like click funnels is a software product
 It's an umbrella brand right so underneath click funnels. There's a lot of different things a lot of tools a lot of you know a lot of stuff
 But I want to kind of illustrate this with a different brand of mine that you probably know that
 It's probably even more clear for most of you guys
 So
 Body is no I own marketing seekers calm this podcast is called the marketing seekers podcast
 But right now like I've taken most of my intellectual property and I moved it you know out of
 Personally I moved out of click folks with everything and I said this umbrella brand called marketing secrets
 If you look at that umbrella brand is kind of like it's the core thing that I do right?
 So if I teach people marketing and so underneath that big umbrella, there's a lot of stuff right
 There's the dot-com secrets book the expert secrets book the traffic secrets book. There's a high ticket secrets training course
 There's the course secrets course. There's
 What else do I got there's all the products all the core everything I teach right? There's this podcast there's a
 Blog which I've ever good blogger, but there's a blog in there. There's all these things right
 I mean it's cool when you have like an umbrella brand because then all the the things in your value ladder fit underneath this thing right
 And so my education business
 You know the value ladder that's associated with that is all all fits underneath this marking secrets brand
 You know click phones is kind of this is different because it's its own brand
 And so I'm breaking my own rules by kind of having two companies have my
 Information business company, which is the marketing seekers one that I have the click funnels software company, but they they complement each other obviously
 We're bringing people through the education company. They own software and vice versa. So they're kind of compliment each other
 But I swear you guys to kind of think through this concept of an umbrella brand like do you have one?
 You know it's kind of cool because right now like there's so many cool new things coming out on the market
 Right like for example clubhouse came out and for a long time. I was like, how do I play clubhouse?
 What do I do? How do I not do this? Like I gotta figure something out
 But I look it if I step back and look at my umbrella brand right marketing secrets like oh I could jump in there and just do
 marketing secrets
 Clubhouse room right I jump in there and just like yeah, I'm gonna share marketing secrets
 What does that mean it means anything? It's just I'm gonna share
 Things about marketing that I like that are exciting right I could bring guest speakers in like hey
 Tell me your number one marketing secret tell me your number one marketing secret and gets really really fun, right?
 I can say in those podcasts every week. I'm like hey, what's a marketing secret?
 You know what's another talk about like what's something I'm learning? What's something I'm discovering?
 What's something I remember from the past? I want to share with people like I can share that right if I have a blog post
 I can do blog posts on just different marketing secrets, right?
 It's like some umbrella brands like I don't know all these things kind of fall off it, right?
 Somebody was gonna Clubhouse and see oh there's a marketing secrets room. What is this?
 They can jump in the room they learn some marketing secrets and then naturally gonna come back and bake okay marketing secrets is this
 This this brand that teaches a lot of marketing secrets, right?
 But then like now pushes people to a specific offer like oh
 I'm gonna read a book called dot com secrets or traffic secrets or expert secrets or you know all the things that kind of fit
 Underneath that that umbrella brand so
 You know I'm working. This is funny. This is me
 telling on myself
 It's different maybe it's not different. I don't know maybe it's just
 Yeah, I've been so good for the last seven years of just focusing on my business
 I was just like click funnels marketing secrets like just focusing on that one baby
 But as my team's gotten bigger you know we got 400 plus employees now
 and
 I don't know I just pardon me like missing
 The thrill of building offers that aren't necessarily just click funnels offers, right?
 And so I've had a little side team and we're building some fun things but as I'm going into each of the markets
 It's fun because the one the first thing that identifies like what's the umbrella brand of this thing, right?
 And so when I think about umbrella brand thinking about a couple things like number one
 I should be able to have a blog that fits underneath that brand, right?
 Like there's a podcast like if that under that brand I could do a clubhouse room under that brand
 I could do Instagram channel. I could do like all these things right
 That are there not a product, but she's kind of this brand like a bigger a bigger thing, right?
 and then
 Inside that underneath some umbrella brand then I could have
 Products and then offers and then funnels and then value-ladders, right?
 And so that stuff all kind of fits underneath it, but the overarching brand I can use to bring noise to the topic to the concept of the thing
 It which creates noise which sucks people in and then from there then I can direct them into
 Specific products and offers and funnels that will solve a problem fixer result and things like that. Does that make sense?
 So for example right now we're working on a really cool software product
 It's it's a personality base like this personality test and things like that, right?
 It's not done yet, but it's gonna be so cool and it is and so
 For me as I okay, what's the umbrella brand?
 So I tried to find a really cool to cool the main name eventually no main name and guys understand dot me right?
 If you go there is kind of dead right now like don't don't go there the umbrella brand has not been built other than I got a logo
 And a couple things we did do a summit
 And we kind of started playing there a little bit, but there's a lot of work to do so don't go there and model it yet
 Later this year you'll be able to but that becomes this big brand right?
 Understanding me like I understand myself understand you I don't have to understand people so that becomes an umbrella brand
 Inside of there now I can do all these things right? I'm a blog that's talking about personality tests and understanding I can have
 I can have a
 Podcast I can do a clubhouse room about personality right?
 Like there's so many cool things I can do all tie this brand
 Right and then inside the brand eventually it'll be like oh hey if you listen to this podcast by the way guys cool software
 Go check it out here. Oh which I did with clickfuddles right? Oh by the way, there's a really cool book
 It's gonna teach you specifically all these these bigger higher level topics these secrets these concepts
 Whatever we're talking about there's a book here. It's gonna give you very specific like the
 You know my my favorite ones the ones that I like the most or whatever right the the stuff that's the best
 You know it's like I did inside marking secrets right like oh go buy bot.com secrets my experts excited by traffic secrets
 So I never really sell a product called markings or yeah
 I never sell a product called marking secrets because it's not a product
 It's a brand it's like an umbrella brand that that encompasses the products the offers the value added etc
 So anyway, I don't know it's late. I maybe rambling in this may not make much sense, but
 Anyway, that's just what what to think about right?
 I've been buying a lot of big domain names recently
 With the cut with just the idea of like okay
 This is gonna be an umbrella brand someday for a topic and a concept I'm excited for right and so there's a
 Anyway, I got some cool domains. I'm really excited for
 But like one of them for example
 If you've read the book Atlas shrug, and you know who John Galt is right and so
 Obviously I've been fasting with that book for the last year or so in my life
 And so I'm gonna buy I bought John Galt society
 So John Galt society becomes this big umbrella brand right and it could be a blog it could be a podcast
 It could be a news it could be all these things right it could be an Instagram channel could be this thing
 Where it's like kids is the John Galt society right this thing. We're talking about John Galt and his principles and all these things right?
 And then under that umbrella brand then I could sell whatever I could write books
 I could do t-shirts I could do courses I could do other things
 But this umbrella brand gives me ability to like to bring people in right
 Another one I bought have it all dot com right that could be such a cool umbrella brand right it's on a product
 It's not offer man. It could be such a cool brand
 Big umbrella brand and then underneath there. There's all sorts of things you could do right
 Body evolution dot com is a domain name. I own that could be a great umbrella brand and then underneath there
 You know there's weight loss. There's fitness. There's anyway. I digress. I'm Michael. I'm so excited about all the cool domains of them by lately
 I probably should stop but
 It's just exciting and I don't know if for one of these ideas will come to fruition
 You know, I'm still focusing on my main maybe which is click funnels and the marketing or the content side of my business
 Which is marketing secrets? I swear that's still the focal point and all these will be but I'm just having fun playing these other ideas
 to be able to test out concepts and try ideas and then
 Share them back with you guys. So anyway, that's all I got. Let me go crash is the late. I am tired
 I appreciate you guys. Thanks for listening. Hopefully this wasn't incoherent rambling
 Hopefully give you an idea to think about your business is your business is the product
 It's so it needs to evolve right from a product to an offer from an offer to a funnel
 Which the funnels is both basic multiple offers right from funnel to a value adder
 And then what's the big brand above that that that holds all those things underneath it?
 Right the bigger brand. It's more of a concept not a product right. It's more of a it's more of a
 I don't know the right word, but it's the the bigger thing where
 When you create it you put it out there
 Underneath there all the other stuff kind of kind of falls. So I hope that helps
 Appreciate you all. Thanks for listening and I'll talk to you soon
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me
 A message okay, and the phone over your text is
 208-231-3797 once again
 It's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello
 And then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone
 And then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting communities
 I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797 I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
