 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today
 I'm gonna tell you about my most recent failure that happened yesterday
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right everybody so
 Usually on most things you have a chance to hear the highlight reel
 Normally I will tell you story about how like oh five years ago six years ago. I did a webinar and it bombed
 And now I'm amazing, but rarely do you get to hear me talk about my failures in the midst of the failures
 Well, I'm still licking my wounds and trying to like
 Figured all out. So that's what I'm doing today. I hope you guys don't mind
 It's actually interesting. He's a lot of you have heard my story about 10x why I did 3.2 million dollars in 90 minutes
 A lot of you don't know is like two months prior to that
 I had spoken at an event and I had tweaked my pitch a little bit
 I did the pitch in a little small audience and I completely bombed and
 You know two and a half months later. I did it 10x and killed it and
 You know, I told the story about 10x and I killed it because that's the story
 It's fun to tell but I didn't tell the story about how two months earlier
 I did a webinar to a group of people I think I'm really bombed or not a webinar like a live event
 and
 You know, there's it's that's the thing about this game. There's always the ebbs and the flows the ups and the downs
 I've been reading a new book by Tim
 Tim something dang it. I should know this Tim Grover's in Glover something anyway
 It's called winning you're a one called relentless, which was good, but winning is way better
 I'm talking about winning in there and wake. He's like winning is unforgiving when he doesn't care about you winning
 You know, there's ups and the downs and it's just anyway, so today or after yesterday, I'm like I feel like like
 Winning is beating me up a little bit, but it's okay because
 It's how you it's how you learn and so
 But I'm just like everybody else like yesterday and I did a webinar yesterday or a podcast yesterday
 So if you listen to the last podcast you can talk a little about this
 But I was excited. We bought a new company. We spent multiple eight figures on the new company
 So it wasn't small and we're doing webinars to this customer list so clickfuddles the whole purpose of buying this company
 It was to use it as a front-end tool to get people in clickfuddles, right?
 And so I'm all excited something that we're gonna try to people in clickfuddles members is gonna be amazing and
 anyway, so I do this webinar and
 First off, I'm like doing well. I'm on fire things are feeling good and then look over the comments
 because I have a couple parts I play little videos so the videos look at comments and
 Oh my gosh, these people my new customers
 I just spent multiple eight figures on
 Are not happy they are pissed they don't like the webinar. They don't like me. They think I talked too fast
 They think that this is like an MLM pitch. They think you know all the things
 And I start reading things by a host people and I'm like in job my team runs in
 He's like the comments are going south. I'm like, yeah, I got what to do
 I'm like why not a webinar the whole bunch of people I gotta keep going so
 Get back on I do the whole webinar and afterwards
 You know I was expecting to be
 At least a high six figure day. Maybe seven figure day ended up being a five figure a low five figure day. I was like
 Oh, man, that was not good
 I gotta pay this back multiple eight figures like I needed this to convert better than it did
 And so first I was just like you know the initial is just like anger and then like depression and then these are like in in a moment
 Right and then and then just like I want to be depressed like I just want to go hide
 I just want to quit then I'm like I can't quit like I'm gonna pay back
 The loan that we could took out for this company and I got to figure this out, right?
 So after being kind of bummed for a little bit then it was like, okay
 I gotta figure this out. So after about an hour of me moping and
 Wanting just to quit and running hide the hole and everything because this weird like I don't know about you guys
 But there's so many motions like I'm not sure if you saw the 10x documentary
 If not, I think it's 10x documentary calm
 We did a whole documentary on this
 But I spoke at the the first 10x we had 3.2 million dollars in sales
 The next 10x was in the stadium was three times as big 35,000 people
 Ever not is gonna make you know a billion dollars and I bombed it
 We're all documenting the bomb, but the thing for me is it's hard for a couple reasons number one is like
 like I always want people on my team to feel the energy what we're doing, right because
 The more excited they are
 You know more said about their jobs than what we're doing. So
 Lee and this webinar we had 75 hundred people register and I was talking to them and getting excited and like and
 You know the day the webinar I messes this webinar day
 It's gonna be so much fun like you know a pumpkin excited and the webinar is happening and and then
 and then like
 What it doesn't happen like partially it's like oh I feel like I let all them down right like because like
 The 10x thing if you watch the documentary felt similar like I was like I let all these people that we flew all these people in and
 I'm really excited to see the thing that didn't happen and so like oh
 Partially it's me licking my wounds like I feel like I let everybody down second half for me is just like embarrassing right?
 I'm a performer. I'm an athlete. I'm an entrepreneur like I step up I perform and when I step up and and
 Don't perform I get some embarrassing right one of my friends the UFC fighter he
 He thought a big fight. He's in top four or five
 It's just like a month ago two or three weeks ago actually and he went out there and he lost in the first
 Yeah, the first round got tapped out and he went to Instagram instantly afterwards and posted like I'm embarrassed
 I like you know and all these things and I thought I felt like it's embarrassing like
 Like anyway, it's just embarrassing in my wife I go home and let's like how'd I go I'm like
 I just want to crawl the hole and hide so I'm telling you this things for a couple reasons
 Number one I want you know that I go through it as well because I'm sure you guys go through this too
 Right where you're expecting this and then this comes in and you're like frustrated a presser anger
 You're all the emotions come in right?
 So I want to show you hopefully
 I'll be understanding even me at this level in the game for me. I still go through that with them
 I'm going through it right now like in the middle of it. I'm in the middle like being embarrassed and being frustrated like
 I don't want to go the office day
 I just want like sit at home and watch movies and eat ice cream like that's something that actually maybe we'll do that
 Just kidding
 Well, I'm not completely ruling you know yet, but anyway
 but then the second half is where the lesson is because after
 Licking my wounds and being depressed and being embarrassed and all the emotions that come with that
 Then I was like well, I got a job to do right
 And wrestling same way I lose a match it'd be a frustrated bearish angry all things
 That's like well, I got to come back when this turn or you know place third in this term
 I had to come back and compete the next day. I gotta come back and like so like now
 It's like what what are the adjustments I make and like hey, well the webinar didn't work
 So I'm not gonna go send out 500 replay emails because it didn't work and so it's not worth the effort right?
 So so we're calling it audible was shifting that and to say okay, we misunderstood our audience right the audience who I thought they were
 We're definitely not who they were so who is the audience like I got to figure this out
 like Dan Kennedy 101 method message to market match like
 My message did not match the market right so I got to figure this out in fact when we launched click photos first five times
 It was interesting same same thing first five
 Launch the click funnels failed failed failed failed failed and number six is when it hit because I figured out the message to market match
 What is the message the this market needs to buy the product?
 So I realized like I have a message to market mismatch
 So first question who is the actual market? So starting to date and like who are they like I assume they were this they're not so who are they?
 We got to figure that out. Okay. No, what are the purpose? Why are they buying this product? Why are they coming this world?
 Why are they in this ego ecosystem? What's the reasoning behind? Okay now? We know that now the mechanism I was talking about
 You know getting from zero to million bucks the first office like you have to go who is it you're selling
 They need to figure out like what's like what is it you're actually selling and then how are you saying the what in the house?
 Right, and so I know the what's click fun. It's like it has to be that like that's that's the whole purpose, right?
 So I got it so I know who now like the who I was I misunderstood the who
 Number two is like what I still selling the same what so last one is how what is the mechanism?
 Like what's the what's the thing that we're using to sell right?
 I thought that the webinar was gonna be the thing to sell everybody now that I'm quickly figuring out okay the webinar
 It's not the thing okay. Well, what is the thing?
 Like how am I gonna sell people this this product like well, they just bought
 You know, I'm looking like what the product they just purchased which is video creation software that helps make doodle videos and things like that, right?
 So it's like okay. This is the the mechanism
 This is that they that they bought right they're buying software else and do this
 So I need to use that same mechanism to convert them so
 So right now I'm in the process within an hour of me bombing the webinar at higher the rider to start on this process
 But now we're working on a video sales letter
 For my og's we call them VSL for those who are newer it's called a video sales letter VSL
 And we're gonna hand sketch out the VSL
 So when comes in they bought software that does VSL don't have them hand sketch out of ESL
 We have a survey in the VSL to figure out which audience they are and then the VSL will change on the fly depending on who they are
 So if I oh this person is this market or this market or this you know, like we forgot which who they are and it'll speak specifically to that
 Who and bridge the gap on why they now any click funnels?
 So that is the second test and that tests me bomb
 I'm a man may go and spend a month trying to build the sing out
 Paying to hand doodle out the videos like all the things and it may completely bomb
 But that's the game, right? It's trying failing trying failing, but it comes back to understanding some core things, right?
 Understanding, okay, who is the the market right the?
 Market to message mattress who is the market?
 What's the message you need to actually convert that and keep tweaking that and change that until you figure it out click funnels?
 I failed five times five launches before we hit it and I could have easily felt them first or the second or the third or the
 Fourth or the fifth, but I didn't luckily. Thank heavens. Whoo-hoo. Otherwise most years when you'd be here
 But I kept working till we figured it out three weeks before or two weeks whatever was a month ago month before
 The tax event I tried my presentation. I flopped and I tweaked the method the market to method match
 Tweak those things and then you know a month later whatever it was a TEDx boom 3.2 million dollars in sales, right?
 So it's it's our ability to look at the failures
 Look our wounds quickly and then make the adjustments that are the key to winning this game, okay?
 Because man, I don't care what lovely I don't care if you do this for 20 years like I had
 I don't care if you've done that webinar 150 times live
 You know exactly what words to say in the order you people to buy if it fails
 Sometimes it does and you got to come back and figure out what are the adjustments buddy?
 He's who's the UFC fighter, right lost in the match. He's gonna come back and look at the adjustments where the adjustments you got to make
 I think that's where a lot of people
 They they fell so they they failed and they they think they're failure as opposed to like I failed crap that method didn't work
 But I'm I'm stubborn. I got pig-headed discipline
 I'm gonna keep trying keep trying keep trying and for me with click funnels six times
 We got it okay for this offer it may be taking six times me eight maybe ten maybe fifteen maybe thirty
 But I have to make it work right
 And same things that be true for you okay if it hasn't worked yet all right, that's okay
 let's get back to the drawing board and
 If you got a next thing did I mess up on the message?
 Is the market wrong like what we got a tweak and keep doing it until you figure out the the method that's gonna work for that audience
 So anyway, I hope that helps
 You guys are hearing me talk about it in the midst of the pain as opposed to later
 They always say invulnerability like show your scars
 I'm not your open wounds, but I got an open wound and there it is
 I just dumped some salt on it to embarrass myself for all you guys even more because that's how much I love you guys
 Hopefully gives you some some understanding and some
 You know some of the things you need to be able to like your ones to get back up and keep trying because it's gonna happen
 It happens to me it's gonna happen to you can happen other people
 but the ones who win are the ones who were able to to you know sit in the sit in the
 The frustration of the moment for a moment because it's annoying is it feels good to be like oh and let that pain just kind of
 Ride inside of you, you know
 It's like someone stabbing you like turning the knife like twisting knife
 I like I want to feel that pain so I can be angry enough and
 Frustrated enough to do the work to figure it out because if you're like failed whatever, you know
 When some lose someone to keep moving on you're not gonna be successful
 Like I want to send that pain for a little bit so I can think I'm so angry
 I'm so embarrassed I'm so frustrated like all the things like twisting that knife because that's what gets you to be like
 Okay, I gotta change this I gotta figure something out right and that's that's what that's what gives you the fuel
 You need to to make the adjustments and to change right?
 I mean losing I lose a wrestling match like that pain and that frustration that embarrassment
 Those things are the things that drive me now to get back in the gym and to figure things out and it's an entrepreneur
 Same thing you bomb a campaign all right let it let it hurt feel it. Okay now you feel that that sucks, right?
 Okay, now let's get back to work and let's fix this thing
 And that's kind of where you guys got to be looking at it right the annoyance and the pain of me bombing on this thing is
 The fuel that I need to fix it and I'm excited now to fix it
 I'm still upset still frustrated still that pain in my gut from failing. That's okay
 Again, that's the thing that's gonna that's gonna drive me through through figuring out and we're gonna figure it out
 And when I figure it out I'll share with you guys because I have figured out
 It's not like oh that'd be nice
 It's like no
 I'm multiple a figures in the hole right now in this company
 We've got to figure out how to turn it around and I will and we'll figure it out
 But this is my mindset. This is how I'm doing it. This is the things I'm looking at okay. What was the market?
 What did I screw up on right what's the what's the message where I screw up there? Okay?
 What's the like what am I selling and how am I selling like what are the methodologies? What I got a tweak or I got to change and
 Those things put together is how to win this game. So just remember you guys this game. Don't let it stress you out
 Don't let it keep you up at nights
 But realize this a game that you're playing if you want to win you got to be able to move to adjust and
 Yeah, so there you go. I appreciate you guys
 Thank you for listening if you enjoyed this episode learn something please share it let people know
 That's the the best thing you do for me is tell some like dude go list Russell's podcast is sweet
 Or if you hate it, then don't that's cool too. I get it
 I'm not gonna be everyone's cup of cup of tea as they say
 Just totally fine by me. So for my people you'll hear my voice and hopefully this will help you so
 Thanks again for listening and I'll talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick I just opened up
 a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out
 And actually text me a message. Okay. Now the phone over in your text is
 208-231-379-7. Once again, it's 208-231-379-7. When you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this texting community
 So I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-379-7. One more time
 That's 208-231-379-7. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
