 So, the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 I hope you guys are having an amazing day today.
 It's beautiful.
 I came out this morning and I have a bird's chirpy.
 I just chased the ducks around and they have a good time.
 So, I'm giving me a little bit of a cold tea so I apologize if my nose sounds a little
 funny.
 But today is an exciting day because we have a fat event which means I think we have 40
 people coming to this event.
 And so, probably two-thirds of my inner circle members which is always fun for me.
 And third of them are people who are coming who sign up at the phone hacking event, all
 of our events are called to say the "tea-paw-liking" live.
 Anyway, so, for the liking live, it's going to be a fun three days.
 The first fat event I did the whole thing myself and some are transitioning.
 I'll be doing about a third of it, a little more than a third of it and Steven's going
 to the rest so we kind of fun to see him start taking the reins on this thing and start running
 with it because I'm working on some other cool things.
 So, anyway, I'm just excited for this week.
 It's a fun one.
 We also are making a couple of things.
 Funhocking Funhocking TV is going live.
 This week we've been doing behind the scenes show for six episodes.
 It's a set of seven will come out.
 Wednesday, episode number eight will come out and then Thursday we're going to be doing
 a grand big opening for the big show, which is kind of cool.
 So, Kevin, who's been doing behind the scenes show, is actually going to be a boy'sy taste
 from the fat event so that she has to meet him, which is really cool.
 And then Brandon Fisher, who's done a funhocking TV, he's finishing up a bunch of episodes
 and so we're going to start our launch now this week, which would be cool because we've
 got to have the book launched, which means the pros and the cons, it's been fun because
 we're selling a lot of books and doing stuff.
 It's also kind of annoying because you're always selling stuff.
 So, next few months we're just going to get back and we're just going to be giving cool
 content.
 We also figured out last week this really cool way to put together the dot com or the Russell
 Brunson blog plus the marketing secrets podcast that you're hanging out there right now,
 as well as the third piece of this.
 Oh, it'll be a photo hacker TV.
 So, come probably in a day or so if you go to any of those domains, RussellBrenson.com,
 puddlehacker.tv, or marketing secrets.com.
 You'll see that all three blogs are kind of hooked together all in their own different
 journeys and it's going to be cool that way.
 It'll be faster if you guys come in.
 After you discover me and find stuff to come back and mail it, start like diving deep into
 all the different things that we're publishing.
 So, really excited for that.
 And I don't even know what the best thing to share with you guys is this morning.
 There's so many cool things that we could talk about.
 This last week has been so cool.
 Again, pulled into some really cool things and grateful for it.
 I'm sure I'll be sharing and documenting a lot of the process with you guys here.
 Over the next few weeks, which is pretty cool.
 So, I think the coolest thing to talk about today is, I talked about this last week during,
 so we could get we did the big product launch.
 We spent the first three or four weeks launching the book sold.
 I think we're at 56,000 copies of the book now, 54,000, something like that, which is insanely
 cool.
 At the end of it, we did this cool seven day launch where I basically got up on stage
 and I taught for three days, three hours a day for three days, some night hours.
 And it was kind of cool because it was, as soon as you finish a book and you set it
 to the printer, it's like, or the publisher, it's like done out of your hands.
 You can't like jack with it or mess with it anymore.
 And there are other things I wanted to add to it looking back now.
 I'm like, "I think I wish I would have done this and how it is."
 But I wasn't allowed to, I wasn't able to.
 And so, it was kind of cool because the three days was like, "I got a chance to teach the
 stuff that I wish that was in the book, but I wanted to go deeper on or stuff like that."
 And so, the master class is cool, but we kind of modeled Brendan Bouchard's seven day launch.
 And so, basically each day we show it and then it would be up for 24 hours and then we
 show next one, pull down, show next one, pull down, and then it would be an offer.
 And so, we launched our two-commerce club coaching, which was really, really cool.
 And so, a lot of those, and then we closed it down last night and then they actually
 passed out so it was already in shut it down.
 But I'm kind of glad I passed out because we made an extra like, I don't know, a lot
 for the time I passed out of time, but I was still shut down and shut down early this morning.
 So, it was pretty cool.
 I hope you guys watched that process.
 One of the things I talked about in there and I've shared a lot with the inner circle
 members as well was just, what's the process?
 Like, what are the phases in the business, right?
 It's interesting like, I read books before to talk about this.
 I'm more from like a business standpoint, so I had to go from 0 to million, million to
 10, 10 to 50, to 100.
 And I always talked about like management teams and who you hire and all that kind of
 stuff, which is all good.
 But I'm more interested from a marketing standpoint because it changes as well.
 So, what are those different phases?
 How do they go?
 And so, it was kind of cool.
 I taught that and so I showed like, you know, 0 to 7 figures a year.
 It's all about like figuring out what it is you're selling and how you're selling it,
 which is funny because most businesses never make it past a million bucks a year.
 It's because they don't know what they're selling or how they sell it.
 Or they don't, they're selling, they don't know what customers want.
 So, I call this the what and how phase.
 Like, what is it you're selling and how are you selling it?
 And during this time, for using entrepreneurs, it's essentially being creative.
 Like, you're being creative, like making different things and ideas and products and
 businesses and offers.
 And you're like, you're doing a lot of stuff until you figure it out.
 And so, you figure out, I also like, one of the things the products and businesses and
 offers you, like, you'll be doing a lot of them.
 One of them will hit and it's like, ah, this is what people want.
 Sweet.
 I got the what and how.
 And it was exactly what they want and know how to sell it.
 And then from there, that's what you know, that's what I always tell a lot of people,
 folks on, create a webinar to sell your product and then you just keep doing a week and a
 week out.
 And then at that time, you're shifting the product, shifting the service, you're making
 change, change, change, you know, whatever it is.
 And then you should feel that boom, then you can start scaling it, leave transition to
 phase number two, which is going from zero or from a million to 10 million.
 And then this time, it's funny because I was always, I think I always fought this phase
 because, because my fear of, like, I had so much fun to create in the creative part of
 creating businesses and offers and things like that.
 And I was afraid I was going to lose that if I started focusing on one business.
 It's funny, which I think a lot of entrepreneurs see the fear subconsciously or consciously
 who knows.
 But I know that I feared that and since I realized it was like, wait a minute, no, it's a creativity
 switch.
 I'm switching my creativity from launching new businesses and offers to this is my business
 now.
 I figured out the what and how now I'm going to be focusing on like how to use my creativity
 to make new offers to people in or how can I sell people on the back end.
 But here really focus on the three phases of the growth business, like acquisition funnels,
 ascension funnels and monetization funnels.
 And that's kind of the next phase.
 And the third phase after you got that figured out is your shifting your creativity from
 new offers to, I shift your creativity to traffic.
 It's been fun because that's kind of where I met.
 In fact, last week we had a whole meeting with our traffic team.
 I told them, like, this is now my focus is here.
 It's like, we had enough offers, we had enough, you know, all the pieces are in place now
 for our company, you know, and we're racing to the seven, eight, nine figures a year.
 Spring closure coming on.
 Hope I don't get soaked.
 I have outside folks who are listening and outside in my backyard.
 It's way here on the birds and chirping.
 Anyway, so transition my focus to the traffic side.
 The coolest thing about the traffic side is it doesn't take you the entrepreneur as much.
 The creativity in the businesses and offers is entrepreneur driven.
 The creativity in front of an offer to back it offers is usually entrepreneur driven.
 Creativity in traffic, a lot of times can be driven by other people, which is kind of
 cool.
 So for me, I'm just excited to transition to this phase where hopefully I'll be able
 to take the foot off the creative gas and focus on, you know, the traffic stuff.
 But anyway, I guess what I really want to share with you guys today is because I went
 through this again last week.
 We launched the two comical coaching which we shut down this morning.
 And we shut down just the coaching piece of it.
 It did just shy of the millions, but with rebuilds we'll be past a million.
 And it's cool because I figured out the what and how, but I did it over a four day period
 of time.
 A lot of people spend years, two years, three years.
 So we launched, so we started doing it and part of it like you feel.
 So I did a seven day launch, right?
 And I'm doing the training and it's working.
 I could feel it like, okay, it's good.
 Number two I did the training, but I actually did the webinar.
 I did the webinar.
 It's kind of a cool thing.
 I was teaching webinar so I showed a webinar, right?
 And the webinar happened to be pitching the thing.
 I was going to be selling the end of this thing.
 So people got to watch me pitch them.
 And as I was doing it, I could instantly, as I'm doing it, I can feel, I don't know about
 you, but you can feel like, ah, I did this wrong.
 There's parts made it wrong.
 So I'm super aware of that.
 So the next day I came back and I like had this cool opportunity to kind of, to re-teach
 or to show what I did in the webinar.
 And because I was aware, I was like, these are parts that messed up on this so I should
 have been different if I'd been doing the future, so I was tweaking, I kind of walked
 into the audience.
 And then I was able to go back through my clothes against, I'm showing teaching me how
 to do clothes is to kind of re-close people.
 And that day sales started going crazy.
 So I was like, cool, I figured out the how, figured out the what and then the how.
 And then that day after I did it, I was like, wait a minute.
 I think my pricing's wrong on this.
 Like there's something weird in my gut.
 Like I just like, it was worse.
 Like I dug the presentations.
 I wasn't tired.
 I felt like like bummed out because I didn't quite do right.
 And so the third day after the whole thing was done, we sat there for like an hour, we're
 talking about pricing and things like that.
 And also I shifted and I was like, yes, this is the right pricing strategy.
 So we shifted it.
 And it doesn't really matter if you could go to the details of the pricing strategy, but
 that's less important, as much as important as like, as I was doing this offer live in
 front of everybody for four, five or six, you know, than when we had urban shit scares.
 It's about six days, not from beginning to end.
 The whole time on the fly, I was shifting things.
 We shifted the presentation, shifted the offer, shifted the price point, shifted like, we
 got shift, shift, shift.
 Also was like, we found the sweet spot.
 It's like, yes, this is it.
 And then, whoo, sorry, it's going crazy.
 And so I'm telling everybody, what I'm telling you is like, do a webinar week every single
 week.
 And every single week you're making shifts and changes.
 Just because it's not saying like do the exact same webinar every single week without any
 without changing it.
 So I know, do it.
 And then you're like, okay, what was wrong?
 What, you know, like, was my pricing?
 What was this wrong was, and you're shifting, shifting, over and over and over again.
 And what happened is that typically from most people, the first time it's taken, you
 know, three or four weeks, maybe a month, maybe two months of shifting and changing,
 shifting and changing, how boom, you hit it and figure out boom, this is the how and
 wow that this is the one how, the one how and boom, it just blows up, right?
 And so, but we were able to live in the six day period of time because we were doing traffic,
 we're doing stuff that's happening, we were able to shift things faster.
 I think the better you get the faster you get, everybody identify and figure out the
 same, wow, how, the one how, what you're selling and how you're selling it.
 Because I also think as soon as you figure out those two things, like what are you selling
 and how are you selling it, what now?
 I think a million dollars is fast and easy and simple, but most people may get past that.
 And so it comes down to you throwing it off or out there, trying it fails, trying, fails,
 trying to do a little better, trying, boom, boom, keep doing, doing, doing, doing, also
 boom, it hits.
 And then you hit the right one now and when you got that, then it just takes off.
 So anyway, hope that helps you guys because it's happened to me this weekend and we did
 it and we shifted things in the middle of creation and that's how we were able to close
 out the weeks are strong.
 So anyway, there you go guys, the one how, figure that out, what are you selling and
 how are you selling it?
 If you focus on that and you know when you hit it because you'll be able to almost instantly
 scale to a million bucks, honestly.
 That's how you know when you hit it.
 And then since you figure that out and you hit a million, then you transition to the next
 phase.
 But for a lot of you guys, that's the phase you're in right now.
 So let's think about that.
 Think about that.
 What are you selling?
 How are you selling it?
 Because let's say you figure out the right product, you're doing the right selling mechanism
 and then you're screwed, right?
 Comes down to like really identifying like what are you selling and then how it's going
 to be a really good selling mechanism.
 Like I'm a webinar, converts my product sucks and nobody, it's not growing like, like
 you're confused, like it's not growing, why, why can I scale the things because you got
 the wrong product, the right selling system, it's the wrong product.
 You actually got to fix the things.
 Anyway, that's like I you guys, that said, we're going in and get ready for the day.
 Fat events starting.
 I'm going to go wake up my kids, I'm excited.
 Appreciate you all and we'll talk to you guys all again soon.
 Bye everybody.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow
 our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv.
 We'll see you in the next one.
