 Hey, what's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson and welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast here today
 in Mexico preparing for an event tomorrow with the two comic Club X
 Mastermind group as well as the inner circle in the category Kings and
 I'm actually in a presentation all about personal development and how to literally go and get whatever it is you want in life
 And so I got some thoughts and some ideas. I want to share it. Yes. So with that said we'll keep the theme song
 We come back. We'll be talking about definiteness of purpose
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so some of you guys have heard this story in the past but
 When I write books apparently my process didn't plan it this way
 But I usually write a book and then decide I don't like it and delete it and then go and do a live event
 Where I teach the entire principles and concepts and then start over write the book again
 And I keep forgetting this apparently because you would think that it'd be easier for me just to do a live event
 teaching the principles and then write a book afterwards, but alas I have forgotten every single time so I've literally done this
 I did it for the dot-com secrets book the expert secrets book and the traffic secrets book and
 Right now. I'm doing it with the secrets of success book. Well, you guys just found out the title
 I haven't told anybody publicly yet. So congratulations. You know something nobody else does
 And that's the new book I'm writing and I wrote it I wrote about two hundred and something pages and
 Realize I didn't like it and deleted it
 And now I'm doing a live event for our mastermind group
 And I was trying to think how am I gonna do this my category Kings were asking me and begging me that I could do it
 Your pet house and downtown Boise and teaches for three days there and I was going to but I just didn't have the anyway
 Long story. I was like where I'm doing this thing in Mexico. We have everyone coming
 This is gonna be the best place for me to do it. So
 I've been preparing for it putting it together and stressing about excited about all the things that they come with the new
 presentation and new principles and you know, I
 Think a lot about this I study a lot about this I I go deep on this
 I think of you know in my own mind
 I'm trying to always figure out how to be more successful
 I have a lot of stuff here felt a lot of people will be successful, but I've never I
 Never broken it down in a way that can share with people. It's that's been kind of a hard process
 Like how do you take this thing that you've been you know
 You know a lot of it subconsciously doing some of the consciously doing for the last, you know
 20 30 years your life and how do you put it in a way that that people can then take it as a system and use and that's been my
 It's in my my challenge. I think I got it. I'm really excited and so
 Tomorrow I'm actually doing a session the morning. It's about 90 minutes to everybody. It's basically gonna be the intro chapter for the new book
 But it's something that's it's powerful. I can't tell you everything's happening there, but
 Anyway, it's gonna be I'm really excited for it's gonna
 I think it's gonna change people's lives
 That'll be the intro session then we break we got excursions when we come back eight o'clock at night
 I'm going from eight o'clock until two or three in the morning teaching the rest of the book
 And I'm so excited for it. So someday this book will be there and you guys can read it. Hopefully it's good if it sucks then
 Yeah, don't tell me about it because I put so much effort. It's crazy
 But as I'm working on this, there's there's one like there's one concept
 It's like keeps driving throughout this book over and over and over again
 And it's a principle I learned from Napoleon Hill and those I think a lot of you has know who Napoleon Hill is if you don't hear the book
 Thinking of rich you wrote a lot of success. He's written a whole bunch of amazing books and magazines and
 I've recently acquired most of his life work original copies and
 original manuscripts and spend like one of the coolest things ever but
 And tell me this because one there's it's interesting in almost everything that Napoleon Hill has written
 He has this one thread that that weaves throughout all over and over and over again from every book every course every
 Manuscript like everything I found that I've acquired every magazine article
 He just keeps coming back to this one thing and as I've been putting this together
 It's initially because I keep coming back to it as well and I talked about it
 Funnel Hacking live for a little bit for those who were there, but the principle is called definiteness of purpose
 It was funny if I don't like a lot I couldn't remember how to say that we're definiteness
 It's like it's like the hardest word to say
 But I've gotten it now I keep the way I remember it for those who try to remember it is is definite like I'm definitely gonna
 Do I'm definiteness I'm definiteness of purpose and so
 And Polinh Hill talks about this like if you want something in life yet, it's not just like I have a purpose
 But it's like I'm definiteness of purpose. So what it's not just like I'm hoping to get this thing
 It's like no no like I'm definitely gonna get like definiteness of purpose. This is the thing
 This is where it is. This is how I'm gonna get it right and there's a quote from his book one of his books
 He says that there is one quality which one must possess to win and that is definiteness of purpose the knowledge one wants and a burning desire to possess it
 Okay, so that's what definiteness of purposes is all about like seeing the thing you want
 But more so than just seeing it seeing it and then having this burning desire like I have to have that thing at all cost
 I'm going for I'm looking for I'm gonna figure it out. I'm gonna run towards I'm gonna figure those things out right
 And then from there, you know, there's a lot more that goes into this but it's building on the plan and the structure and the
 Strategy and then the tactics like all the stuff to go and get that thing
 But it begins with that purpose if you don't have that definiteness of purpose is hard
 I think a lot of people don't have that like they're coming into you know
 Like so many people like they don't have the purpose like I don't know I'm just here like I don't have a purpose and I think that
 God's put desires in all of our hearts and that are that are there to like give us that that purpose and so
 If you haven't found that in your life where I know the purpose of I'm doing like sometimes
 I think some people think it's like oh, I gotta like Russell
 I gotta figure out like what's my mission and who am I gonna serve and that may be it one thing I talked about during my presentation tomorrow
 I was like there's like the purpose is too full like sometimes it's like I need to go and create this purpose create this movement
 Create this calling like you're creating something other times. It's alignment with it right like there are so many rock stars on my team
 Who have who have aligned with my definiteness of purpose and they're part of it
 I couldn't do it without them, right? And so it's not always like I have to
 Be the one that's creating this whole new thing
 It's like I like you got me to create something or I need to line with somebody who's created like what do I believe in?
 Like what's the missions that I that I have so much belief in in the mission what they're doing like I have like I want to
 I want to pursue their goal
 I want to pursue their mission with definiteness the purpose I want to be aligned with them want to help them want to serve them
 I want to be part of the mission right?
 I'm saying the big thing is looking for those things like one of the things you're passionate about if you're not passionate about anything
 Well, let's time to start dabbling dabble in a million different things
 So you find something that like lights a spark and get you excited that you can like say that this is my thing
 I'm gonna move forward with depth in the purpose. I think they're gonna create something amazing
 I'm gonna find someone who already is doing something. I believe I'm gonna line with them
 I'm gonna serve I'm gonna be part of that and it could be anything right?
 I know when we first introduced operation underground railroad with our with the ClickFunnels community back there four years ago now
 I had so many people who came back so I resonate with this mission
 I want to be part of it and they started weaving into their events and with their products and the things they were doing because they
 They want to be part of that right they wanted to help
 To serve these children with deafness of purpose like that's a purpose. I want to be lined with I want to work towards
 They didn't create it. I didn't create it right Tim Ballard was the one who was who was called for that mission right?
 He was the one
 Who had to do it?
 But all of us have a chance to look at that purpose and say okay
 I want to line with that right and I have a burning desire to do it
 I'm gonna do everything in my power to win to help to serve to do that thing right?
 And so in all of us with different times in life
 But the the initial threat is that right and I'm glad he didn't say you got to have a purpose
 A lot of times nowadays people are like you have a why like what's your why and what an appoint Hill is saying is so much deeper than that
 It's not just a why it's your purpose, which is bigger. Why is like a reason why something right which is big
 It's important we say not a lot of the why it's your purpose like it's bigger. It's like this is the purpose me being here is to go and
 Do this thing to get to achieve to retrieve to bring back to save to fix like whatever your purpose is right?
 It's purpose, but not just like a purpose. It's like
 Definiteness like I am I am laseering in on this target. I'm looking that thing. I know that's what I need to get
 That's the thing
 I've been called to serve to achieve to to figure out and then you start running towards that thing
 Okay, and so that's the thing I wanted to share because again
 like there's there's a million things I could share with you from these presentations in this eventual book
 But like the one thing that's like this thread throughout is like really understanding like what are you moving towards with definiteness of purpose?
 right not just like one of my one of my wandering like a lot of us were wanders were were
 Were drifters were kind of like, you know waiting for something
 But I'm looking like what is the thing I can look and say that like that is the goal. That's the mission
 That's the purpose and I'm like with all my focus all my energy I'm moving forward with definite purpose to accomplish to do to
 To go after that thing if you don't have that thing I would implore you I would beg you
 I would ask you to go look for that thing and start searching for it because
 The quality of your life the excitement the energy the passion all the things will will increase when you are moving towards something with definite
 It's a purpose
 Too many people live their lives on a couch watching Netflix
 Where I think like like the good stuff the stuff you can remember the stuff that that people would remember you for are
 These other things right I think so many people who hear this and like oh like you're saying I'm not ready
 I'm not worthy. I'm not bull. I'm not saying that at all. I think all of you guys are never good enough like I believe God's proud of you
 I'm proud of you like if you don't accomplish anything
 It doesn't matter to me, but the pursuit of something great will change you and it'll change the people around you
 It'll change the people in the wake of the service you're doing as you move forward with a mission with something
 The wake of people behind you that changes their lives the wake of
 Contribution is huge right I look at like my mission to help entrepreneurs and serve them
 All these things I've been doing like like I've been moving forward with definite a purpose trying to you know
 If all my power to create to do to serve to do these kind of things
 And the wake behind me is contribution right like it's created jobs. It's helped people and their families like it's helped
 Entrepreneurs start their own companies like like the wake of contribution when you are moving forward with definite a purpose is huge
 And so go and create those wakes of contribution run move forward have some fun like go serve people
 Pick a purpose and run towards it
 Not that not because you have to have that for anyone to love you to care about you that you need that to be a better person
 That's not the things it's it's finding that purpose and then like it'll it'll light you up
 It'll change in a way that nothing else ever could and so anyway, there's my call to you
 It's time you guys your purpose is out there. You'll find it and then pursue it with definiteness if you do that
 Not only will change your life will change life so the people that are in your wake of contribution
 So go and do it have some fun with it
 And then wait for me to write this darn book hopefully gets done sooner than later because I want to share it with you guys
 I think these principles are good. I'm excited. So I it's like I thank you so much an amazing day and
 Let me know if you if you see this on Instagram or Facebook or anywhere tag me
 I take a picture on your phone and tag me you upload the picture to Facebook or Instagram and ever tag me and tell me like
 What is your purpose like? What are you pursuing with definiteness and?
 And when you do that I want to hear about it because you guys are the people that are changing the world
 And so if I can support you and help in any way, that's my role. That's my job is to help
 Help support the creators help giving you guys
 The ability to get your message out to more people because you are the ones who are changing the world
 Thanks so much, and I'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode then please take a screenshot on your phone
 I post it to Facebook Instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost twenty thousand dollars worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from Dan and for me right now at no BS letter.com. Not only you can get the twenty thousand dollar gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 They'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
