 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing seekers podcast today
 I am coming to you from my hotel bed in
 In Arizona and I want to share with you something amazing to learn yesterday
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers my name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody so I'm actually in
 Scottsdale, Arizona at the Dean Gracio C's office for a group then part of called the hundred K group
 meaning everybody in the group spent a hundred thousand dollars to be in this room which is kind of ridiculous but
 gets you in a really amazing people and
 you know the the filter of are you amazing after being this room is can you write a check for $400,000 and so
 That's the one cool thing is you know
 Everyone in here is doing big things because they can pass that the filter of the ability to do that which is kind of cool
 so anyway, I just got this morning and had a pack and shower and everything and
 because I had home tonight, but
 I had one really cool thing I learned yesterday. I just want to share with you guys
 before I started that process so
 A lot of you guys know who Dan Sullivan is if not Dan Sullivan is the owner of strategic coach
 I think it's strategic coach calm. I've never actually gone through they call coach. We've actually gone through coach to you
 teach a coach
 But I bought all Dan's books and got those trainings. There's a lot of amazing stuff
 anyway, so he
 Yesterday at the event I did a training for about an hour on
 Hook story offer which I've shared with you guys some stuff about that
 I'll talk about like how to reduce churn
 Which got me repumped up about trying to reduce churns. That's kind of fun
 Anyway, after I spoke with Dan, so I'm gonna have to speak and he's like I just need 10 minutes by 10 minutes
 He's like I have blue over his minds and I'll change every entrepreneur in this group
 It sounds like I was gonna be fun to see what
 What Dan Sullivan has to share and so he gets up there on stage and he says okay, so he says
 Us entrepreneurs. He's like we and he's only works on to me or similar to me, right?
 I think so us entrepreneurs have a lot of
 character
 Traits I'll say traits not flaws because they're all like all sorts of superpowers
 But so what happens is an entrepreneurial have a vision for something that's bigger better, right?
 So he drew a big picture of Star like this is the vision of this bigger better thing that you want, right?
 Which is why we we do what we do right like oh like I can make this thing better
 I could I could whatever's always a thing right that we're moving towards it
 So there's a bigger better thing it says then on the other side is you and you like you're moving towards this bigger
 Better thing you want to go and you want to get it you want to achieve it you want to create it on whatever right?
 It's what happens though is that the first thing us entrepreneurs do is we
 Look at my notes here the first thing we do is we say how can I do that what like how do I how can I get that that big result?
 Like what's the process? I need to go through what's the how and so that happens as soon as you're thinking through the how
 They were start thinking through everything and then what happens for most of us including I'm guessing all of us
 Is we don't know the how right like no one ever does not a book that teaches you how to accomplish that crazy thing
 And so we we start trying to figure out the how to how to how and
 We're trying to figure out the how if we don't know the how already
 Then we get stuck and then we slip into this mode called procrastination
 Because right try to figure it out try to figure it out and we just like we're moving towards this bigger brighter star
 Right, but then we can't figure out the how and so
 We like deep like we we detour away from it into procrastination because we don't know the how right?
 It's that's where most entrepreneurs stop like is we lost in this in this this how do I do it?
 How do I do it? How do I do it?
 It started turns into procrastination. We're done
 So think about for you guys how many projects have you started on that you're excited?
 You see the vision like you love it, but then like you procrastinate for some reason
 His argument was like the reason why we're procrastinating is because we can't we don't know the how and try to figure out the how and it's like
 And so we get stuck if we knew how to do it then we would just go do it right
 But we don't know how that's what causes the procrastination because we're trying to figure it out. It's just there's there's tension
 There's stuff keeping us moving forward right?
 So it's the the first thing they said
 Yeah, so
 The question we need to ask ourselves instead of how
 So here's us moving towards the bigger better vision the similar create instead of saying how do I do that?
 Which if we don't know how we can't figure out then causes procrastination instead
 when you say who who can
 Do that thing who already knows the how
 okay, and
 It was interesting you see because I had spoken a couple of people spoken and Dan got up and he's like you know
 I'm I think it's 74
 He's like I'm 74 years old right now
 He's a Russell talked about all this amazing stuff and he's like I I was listening because I was excited
 But I didn't try to understand any of it because I don't know I know the how Russell does
 But I know the who so if I ever want to do that thing that Russell just talked about
 I know the who and I'm gonna go call him and I'm gonna pay him because he he is the who who already knows the how
 And so he's not gonna cause this procrastination
 It says us entrepreneurs have to stop trying to figure out the how how how which is like where our brains were wired to do
 And starts thinking who who who so he has big better vision
 You never should be thinking how do I do that?
 She'd be thinking who already knows how to do this
 If you are who already knows how to do it and then they'll just go do the thing
 procrastination disappears instantly and if they already know how to do the thing then they're just gonna do it's gonna be way faster
 Way easier and so we start talking about this thing
 You have a vision for a company or an idea or a whatever the first thing you think it is who
 Like who is it who is it not not how am I gonna do this because how will cause procrastination?
 Which makes thing never happen the who?
 Helps you open your mind like who's that person knows how to do this you find that person
 They know the how and then it just magically happens
 It's not that person's gonna teach you the how is they know the house will hire them pay them like
 Let them do the how and that will move you towards the whole thing
 So the whole concept was rewiring all of our brains to shift the question the internal question from
 Not how but who I
 Thought that was pretty dang cool
 So I'm sitting there in the meeting and I had this idea for this
 Change in our coaching program, right?
 The big shiny thing for two comic-clibacks and like how could I have this I this really weird thing in my head all the time?
 It's like how can I serve my audience better?
 How can I serve these guys better? How can I serve them?
 There's I'm always thinking through that right and so with the two comic-clibacks people that joined it fun
 I'm not gonna live like how do I serve them better?
 How do I serve them better? We keep adding cool things and sometimes adding things hurts more than helps
 I'm like like how how how and then I heard this this talk and it was like
 Who and so like I consciously was like, okay?
 Instead of you try to figure out the how is I stressing you out just thinking about all the pieces to figure out the how I
 Was like, okay?
 Who's who's the person that knows how to do this and instantly in my head is like?
 Oh, I know exactly who it is and so I messaged that person while I'm sitting there and five
 And so I get a message back that person who then introduced me to the other person
 Who's the who that this person went to for the who and this morning?
 I just vox that that who and I who's now running
 Thing that I was trying to figure out the how on it would take me another month or two months to implement now
 I'm my guess is by the time I land him Boise tonight as a guest Friday night
 But Monday by the time I get in the office
 It's gonna be pretty much done because I got the who who knows how to do it and it just shifted everything and
 It was interesting and so I'm trying to start thinking that all my projects where I've been procrastin looking at my to-do list
 I'm looking at
 My trello boards all the stuff that's like like slowly working forward and looking at I'm all like oh my gosh
 All these ones it's because I'm thinking about how am I gonna do that?
 How am I gonna do that? How am I like I'm getting so like stressed out?
 Because I don't know the how and I'm angry because I'm like I should know this my brain come on stupid brain work better
 Right, but it's like no like my job is not to figure out that how on everything
 It's figure out the who already knows the how figure out the who and then let them do it and that's the key
 And so it's this mindset shift that we only start having it's not like not the how but the who I
 Think we have a new project. We're gonna be rolling out here in them
 Well, depending on the programmers stupid programmers take forever not my programmers were outsourcing this project because yeah
 So they said it'll be between three and six months. I'm like, oh, we both click funnels less time than that
 Just frustrating, but anyway
 so
 The whole goal of that is to help all of us funnel builders thinking about the who not the how right and going the biggest problems
 I have inside our community is I think and I'm partially to blame for this
 I get ever so excited about funnels and like copy and graphics and just I saw this stuff right
 And so people are like oh cool
 I'm gonna figure out how to do this and they're figuring out how to design funnels how to write copy how to do videos
 How to and then figure out all these houses a lot of houses going to launch in a successful funnel, right?
 And what I want to shift it to is from house to who's and so what we're building is really cool directory
 They give you a whole bunch of who's and you're like, oh, I need I need a designer
 Well, here's all the who's that amazing design. Oh, I need a copywriter
 Oh, I need someone help me strategy. Oh, I need someone with this and it's like, okay
 Here's all of the the things will give you what you're looking for. So
 Anyway, I'm pumped. I'm excited. It's like the most
 cool fun amazing thing ever and I'm excited so there's the lesson for today figure out the who not the how everything you're
 procrastinating on your stuck on your business realizes a who pro it's a how problem and you shift to who problem you
 switch from a how problem to who problem it'll make your life a
 bajillion times simpler and easier a couple other things he said he said if you want to attract the right who's
 That know how to do the house you have to sell them on the what and the why
 Oh, we're getting deep, right? So he said people who have the big who already know the house
 if they're really good at it they don't necessarily just want to
 You know like if you want to track the right who's you give them
 Sure them the the why they're doing it and then what?
 What they're doing right? So if they understand the why
 Then those who's will do the house for you
 Got that right anyway. It's why you got to share the vision right?
 You're the entrepreneur you have this bigger better vision that you're excited by if you want to track amazing talent
 It's not so much that you can pay them that helps sometimes, but the better job you get at
 At really helping them to understand like why you're going after this bigger vision and what's like
 What's the reasoning behind it things like that then it inspires them and then the right who's will move forward?
 Oh, what I found in my business is the most amazing people aren't technically typically money motivated
 They're why motivated they're the motivator. They're the motivator. Oh my gosh that would be amazing like let's move that direction
 Let's do this thing, right?
 Anyway, and then the last thing I'm gonna share because this is the last piece that he kind of threw out
 So I think dance these writing a book on this or a I don't know something, but
 He said the title of his presentation of the book or whatever was how many who's to freedom?
 And first I was like what he said how many who's to freedom right?
 Like not not like what all things I need to learn how to do to get freedom
 It's like how many who's do I need to have to get freedom?
 Okay, so for you're launching a funnel you're going to do comic-club
 It's not like how do I do all this stuff? It's like who are the who how many who's do I need to do it?
 Okay, like okay. I need someone who understands funnel strategy. Who's that? I need somebody who understands
 Really good video stuff. Who's that? I need somebody who understands traffic? Who's that right? And it's figuring out who's how many
 Who's are you from freedom?
 Two who's three who's five who's like who are the who's instead of stressing about trying to learn it all figure
 Who already knows how to do who's already learned it find those who's and then get them sold on the the what and the why
 And then they'll help you out and that's the that's the magic. So how many who's to your freedom? Oh
 That's magic
 So that's the question my head right now is how many who's my freedom?
 And so I'm gonna circle into my most important projects and lining them out and then figuring out
 The who's not the how to something which sucks. I love how to stuff like any books is how to blank
 I buy it's clear level learning how to
 So also that for fun, but not for actual business. I'm gonna figure out the who's from now on so
 There you go you guys. Thank you dance a little bit for sharing that
 I think it's amazing and hopefully that'll help a lot of you guys. Oh, and then one other thing I want to share
 I almost want to do a separate podcast on this, but I'm not going to because it's kind of shorter thing the other
 One of my other friends that spoke into Ethan Willis
 He he runs the back end sales and coaching department for girl calm for Brandon and Dean and
 He did a really great training on on coaching and selling coaching stuff at that in the end of it
 Somebody asked him like what's the most important thing that?
 That he's learned or what books is he read everything and he said two things that was just like so good so good
 The first thing he says and wakes up every morning
 He says that his goal is to create the day visit or spiritually before he creates it physically
 So the morning wakes up and he like mentally thinks you're okay
 What am I gonna do today?
 And what's the process and what are all this stuff and he like spiritually in his mind creates they go with the day
 He's gonna happen sitting I was intention setting out all the kind of stuff. He says when you create spiritually first
 Then you go out you can create it physically after he says when we wake up
 We try to we start trying to create the day the problem is like we don't have a plan
 We don't have a you know things like that so he said he creates today spiritually
 Before he like goes and actually executes on physically, which is fascinating from a spiritual standpoint. That's it's really interesting as well
 God created everything spiritually before created physically
 So it's like we should say things are day like create things spiritually before create physically and the second thing
 And I share this one because I am not a journal or I've never liked journaling
 I've never and I'm a Mormon's with the Mormon church like they teach journal like keep a journal all the time like I am the worst journal
 Ever on my mission. It's like they want you to write in a journal every single day
 I think around my journal like three times like I struggle at journaling
 I think it's because I don't understand like the the ROI on like what's return on investment
 because I'm a big high
 ROI type person, but anyway what he said is that every night when he gets when he gets
 He goes to bed at night. He pulled out a journal and he writes
 He says I write my journal how God touched my life that day
 So thinking back to the day like what are all the things?
 Where did God help me throughout the day like oh man like in this situation here?
 He helped me in this situation and he tries to identify the things in that day that God affected his life
 And he writes those down in the journal and that's something I could grasp because like that's like
 The sooner or more you should be like more aware of like here's all the things that happen today that helped me
 Where God helped me then you start opening your eyes to more you see it more
 And I think that then you're more grateful for it when you're grateful for it like more blessings come and it's just like this amazing thing
 And so there's the ROI right?
 There's people like me who are obsessed with ROI
 But I think that's something I could actually get behind and stick with is like the end of the day
 Just point out a journal and I think you through today where all the things where God touched my life today
 And then writing those down and I think as you start doing that
 More moral appear so I'm gonna try to keep a journal not a real journal
 Anyway my podcast and my blogs and my books my real journal
 But I want to keep a journal of just the little things where God touched my life each day
 So I think it's I become more aware of it a more of it will happen and that pumps me up
 So all right guys, this is a longer podcast. I just want to share some of those amazing things with you
 With that said I'm gonna go shower shave pack my bags and I'm heading into the last day of the hunter K group
 I get home to my wife and kids. They can't away. They are the coolest. I hate being away from them. It's horrible
 All right guys appreciate you all and we'll talk to you soon
 Bye
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 Behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [MUSIC]
