 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast but I'm not gonna lie today
 We're not talking about marketing. We're talking about persuasion. We're talking about
 Honestly the hard things about hard things here we go
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so
 I don't know this podcast episode is gonna be different. I mean it not even publishes. I'm not sure yet
 But this is the opposite of the highlight reel
 You know typically on social media and Instagram Facebook and email us and on stage everywhere you always get her about the highlight
 highlights people life and
 Because they're fun to talk about and when I talk about the stuff they're struggling with and those kind of things
 But I just wanted to get real with you guys for a little bit and hopefully that's okay
 I'll talk about the opposite side the stuff that you hope falls on the the cutting room floor when they make the movie out your life someday
 the man I am in this weird phase of
 trying to
 to learn and grow in a way that is so
 Much harder than honestly anything else I've done in the past
 I
 Don't know about you, but I am an achiever
 In most things in my life. I've gone after I've been able to figure out a way to achieve
 It's a whole science of achievement, right?
 I was a wrestler
 I figured out the process and the path and the systems and everything needed to be successful wrestling and I had a very
 Rest of the success wrestling career when I got into business I figured out the
 You know what were the frameworks that needed to master I mastered and I become very successful in business
 And those are the things where I can work harder and I become more successful
 That I do good at and it's interesting because I wish that everything is that way because hard work is something I can control
 I can figure out I can have success with
 but
 Don't talk about the other side and I want to caveat this first off by saying that
 I'm not sharing these things. I'm not that I say like
 It's funny whenever I give any kind of like
 Something I'm doing to lose weight or to gain strength or like physical stuff right I get like and you have to know my audience
 You guys are you guys are my audience you understand this but you know I have every
 Health and fitness guru follows me and says it so like I talk about fitness like boom
 They all come to me like oh Russell I can change your diet. Oh, you know
 Or if I talk about whatever they're all there and I appreciate it. I love it
 That's why I love server you guys cuz you're all you're all servants and your givers and you have talents and skills and ways to do it
 So I just want to kind of caveat this with understanding like this is not me just like like
 Walking into the desert alone not knowing it. This is me going through
 like 10 years of studying on this trying to figure out and it's the mastery of relationships and it is so much harder than the mastery of
 success
 Again success is me and it's all based on my will and my effort and my
 The hard work I'm gonna put into anything where?
 With the relationships, it's not that way. It's not that way with your relationship with your significant other
 It's not that way to relationship with your kids
 Man like it's it's interesting. I can't just
 Outwork it, you know I get it in my business if I am working hard and people aren't conforming to the will for my will
 What I need them to do I can fire them right like I have a process a path a vision and
 You're either with me or you're not and if you're not I can cut you and I build an 18 people that I can move forward with
 Where in family and marriage and kids and things like that. It's not the same like this is the team
 We pick the team and I am someone who is faithful to my team till I die like I love my wife
 I love my kids. There's nothing that will ever distract from that that'll take from that
 You guys have heard me say before no success can compensate for failure of the home
 And that's something I believe and so
 It's interesting because man all these things going into this the the hard thing at least for me has been
 the relationships like
 Having a dream and a vision what you want in your marriage that maybe your spouse doesn't have the same vision right or with your kids
 your kids lives you're like man you like and
 Anyway, it's just been hard extra hard the last man few months like
 brutally hard
 If I'm completely honest at times
 You know with our our kids are so cool with amazing kids like really really good kids
 But man they have their own free agency and their ideas and they have their own things and they have
 So many negative voices around them from school from music from movies from all these things
 We try to shelter and protect our kids from because we know the damage they can do but
 But they get access to them
 They find the things like it's and I was crazy because like I'm sure my parents the same thing for me
 And I was a kid I remember finding things that looking back now like that
 I wish I would never would have been exposed to these things because they're so horrible for my soul for my
 From my livelihood for my you know for my life for like all these things
 And so as parents we naturally love our kids and try to protect them from these things knowing that they're gonna harm them
 But but we're in the world and it's they're there and they get exposed to them and
 Man there are things that that are negative that seem so
 positive in in some in some lights
 And it's things where you just want to protect and block and and
 but
 What I've seen in my life and I'm feeling in my life is when you try to do that
 It just pushes the the people you love the most further away from you and it's like well, how do you?
 How do you I do navigate that you know
 I have talked
 long and hard with Stacy Paul Martino who I love who are you know they
 Run relation development.org and they have their their courses and their seminars and I've been through them all and
 And so I understand it at a deeper level than most I think
 You know they have a their core framework that is so beautiful is this thing called demand relationship and demand relationship is what most the world does
 Right you try to demand and for people do what you want which can work in some aspects of life
 Like you get a business I can demand that you do my way or I find some who who can and will but in relationships
 You can't because when you do that it breaks the it breaks the relationship
 and so
 instead it's like well, how do we
 how do we
 Are you persuading steer and help them to?
 To make correct decisions without demanding it
 It's interesting because
 I don't know like I I feel like I'm a good role model. I've tried hard
 It's like people inside of our community. It's the most part for like I'm a good role model
 I've tried to be a good father and husband. I don't use bad language
 I you know I'm faithful to my wife
 I do all the things and I think and I have a lot of people who've told me like I look up to you
 I look up to your values and things like that and it's so you always think well
 I'm just be the best example possible and my kids will follow and it's it it's confusing when when they don't right
 and
 I don't know. It's just it's one of those those things one thing to stay simple talk a lot about is
 Is and this is honestly, it's it's you know if you are a believer in Christ
 You look at this is what Christ taught what he did is that he believes in transformation through inspiration
 That's a phrase I got from Stacy and Paul like for a transform
 So I'm just not to demanding them as through inspiration through that like seeing me and seeing like well
 That's what I want my life
 And so I've tried to create my life in a way that I would want my kids like man my mom and dad have things figured out
 I want to I want to live the same life and and
 And it's it's so confusing and hard and painful when the kids
 push against those things and so
 anyway
 I'm just saying that because I know that
 It's it's hard every you know
 And I think sometimes we too often see again see the highlight real and we think that everyone's life's reason
 I just want you know that it's tough man. I feel like
 It's it's it's been fascinating. I started writing the secrets to success book. That might be the first one told you as a title. I can't remember
 And it's like a deeper and deeper into this
 It's like if I feel like God's at the same time is like oh, you were the one right this book then all right
 We're gonna amplify all these things because if you if you write this book, I don't want you to write it from a from a
 You know a from a knowledge sample like like oh, I understand like I've read a book about this
 He's like I want you to write this book from the depths of the pain
 so you can have empathy and you can relate and you can serve at a different level and maybe that's what's happening maybe I should have
 decided to write this book
 Because man like it's it's been interesting. It's forced me as I you know like in fact
 I think I told you that I've written 200 and some pages of it
 I just started over something this is not the right book. This is very much very heady like all here's the things
 I know and I've learned as opposed to like
 This is this is inside the refinder spire. This is what it looks like. This is what's happening. This is where I'm going, right?
 Last weekend or two weekends ago. I can't remember now
 We had a chance to go spend time Tony Robbins and wasn't in my session
 But during someone else's session he talked about the six human needs which she has known as one of my favorite things
 He's ever taught in fact. I have his permission to to share a lot of it in the new book, which is gonna be really cool
 but
 the six human needs you know and and
 All of us as humans we gravitate towards where our needs are being met right
 and in the book I
 Can't show the book to you guys but the book I lead with us figuring out our values and from there
 We assign identity to each value then we have these things we value your life
 They were seeking towards it to bring us happiness, but the values are also things to bring us sadness like
 like we don't get sad by
 By something we don't value falling apart
 So when you value something that falls apart that that it breaks your heart, right?
 I value my family value my kids. I value our relationship with God so much when those things are falling apart
 That's when there's pain deep pain, right?
 and it's interesting though because like as humans we
 Default to and we will slip back into the ruts of wherever our our needs are met the best and
 You know, so Tony had us all do the exercises where we look at the core things in life like like your marriage and your business your work
 You're schooling your family wherever you're at right and like how are these things meeting your needs and going through the six human needs
 exercises and you know what the all my needs be mega and it's fascinating you start seeing like
 The place you're spending the bulk of your time is is likely
 Where your needs are being met the most right?
 And so for me and my need it's so easy for me to get my needs met in business, right? Like I get certainty. I get variety I get
 Love and connection I get significance like a growth like a contribution like all my needs get met at the office like when I'm working, right?
 All of them and I come home and and look at my relationship with my wife
 And I love her so much and look my kids and like but my needs aren't met there and a lot of them
 So many needs are but not as many not as easily and
 so it's hard because we default back to like the thing where I need to be met and
 Because it's like that's where I'm successful at so I'm happy
 That's where the these needs get met
 But it's like man, but if I truly want happiness in life, I can substitute all of our values not just the the one right?
 It's like well if I'm gonna do that like how do I get my needs met inside of my family and inside of my marriage and
 these other things that I value so much that I want so much
 It's hard. It's an interesting juggling act and so anyway
 I'm gonna go this because partially it's it's turning the book and do a much better book
 Again the refiners fire. I'm going through right now in the parts of my life that are the most precious and
 Again the things I value the most like I value
 It's interesting value these things more than the business
 Yet there's the things that also caused the most pain at times
 Anyway, and so I'm in the middle of it and it's interesting because again, I keep thinking you know
 Like how do I I can't just out work this I can't just work harder to make you know
 My kids value certain things I can't work harder to make my wife values or anything
 I can't like I can't out work this this is the problem I can out work everything else I can out work
 But this I can't and so it's it's coming back and it's transpiration through inspiration
 But it's not guaranteed. That's what's so hard about it, right?
 When I when I work hard, there's a guarantee at the end like hey if I work hard, I might out
 You know, I might I want to say tight state title, but I could but I least I can I can work towards it
 Right. I'm gonna make a million dollars, but I can like right. There's a there's a thing where the other ones
 It's not like it's not working hard
 But even if I do if I live the perfect life and I try to do all things perfect and hopefully you know
 People will see that and they want to get closer to me
 It doesn't doesn't mean it's gonna happen and Christ is the perfect example that right they crucified him like
 You know his people followed him, but not everybody even his disciples even the people he loved the most
 You know one of them betrayed him and so it's like it's just a it's just an interesting hard scary
 Time anyway, so I don't know I'm sharing this. I'm not looking for
 You all send me a bunch of books or resources. I I promise you I have
 I think I've conservatively bought about four thousand books in the last six months
 Mostly around this topic or topics that are tangental to this
 I spent a lot of money in coaching with Stacy and Paul with other relationship experts with other
 Gurus and life coaches and then like I I'm deep into it. So
 It's not that I don't know the answers. It's just that like getting to the answers are so much harder than
 then other things
 Because the things you value most so anyway, I think what I'm telling you this is partially for me just to get it out
 And I appreciate you guys being out left for that
 To give me hope and faith that it's like hey like no matter what I have to keep doing
 I keep doing it
 I gotta keep working through because I value these people more than more honestly more than life itself
 And so that's why it's worth this why it's worth to keep coming back up keep stepping back into it keep
 You know try to figure out working through it even when maybe your needs aren't being met even when
 It seems dark even when you want to strangle a kid sometimes or something
 Because you love them and you validate value them and that's the that's the goal
 I know this isn't a Christian podcast at all, but
 You know Christ is a figure and I believe as a son of God you may not believe that that's fine
 But he was a great example regardless and his stories are amazing
 But one of the stories that we talked tonight with the kids about is how
 You know Christ lost his sheep he lost the one and he left the 99 and went and got the one
 And I think that's a big part of his for us is to understand like that's our role too, right?
 It's we truly love these people if there are families and our kids and our things it's like we've got to
 To love them not demand them to believe what we want or value what we want, but to
 Try to show them why you know like I don't know try to
 Try to live life in a way where they see that that
 Do these values and things that you've you've put out there that they're they're correct and hopefully they'll follow you so
 Anyway, I don't know. I don't have a moral this story other than
 It's worth it. I promise you
 For me there's times one arrest want to cry I want to step aside
 but
 Man, it's it's the thing you value most it's interesting
 I had cited today action the book as we listed our values
 You know, there's five or six core things you value, right?
 In fact one of the camera was said this but sometimes it's hard to identify what are the thing you value, right?
 but
 It's the thing that you defend the most somebody talked bad about it, right? Like if someone's like I
 Don't even know like something someone talk about about you if you would defend that fight at something you value, right?
 Otherwise you wouldn't get so upset
 So if you ever upset social media someone someone triggered one of your values something you believe in right?
 and so you have these different values and
 The pursuit of our values what actually brings us happiness
 And interesting is like the over pursuit of value or there's the yin and the yin also like let's say you you value eating right?
 And that's the make like I just love I love creating food cooking food all those kind of things and so many value pursuit
 But in in moderation, it's correct and it'll bring you joy, but overuse it'll it'll it'll it'll kill you
 That's true and almost every values. I'm looking deeper. It's like man every value like
 Like incorrect moderation is valuable overdoing it can can damage you in relationships under doing it
 is where you fill this gap and it's like
 Not depression, but maybe a suppression. I know that the sadness of just like the frustration like I'm not not living up to the things
 I believe in
 But I think there's like a hierarchy to like what's the hierarchy of your needs?
 I think if we were like map it out
 So here's a hierarchy of our needs I bet most of us will be like our spouses and then our kids and our
 Your families, you know, whatever your needs are and you have your health you have your business your mission
 You know the hierarchy
 I haven't done it yet for myself
 So I don't know but my guess is that the hierarchy is that we're probably not
 putting the
 The majority of our time and the thing that's our the value that we value the most
 We go to where the value where our needs get them at the most, but not the thing that we actually value the most
 It's interesting
 And human brains are fascinating this whole book is interesting when I first started writing this secret to success book
 It was about like habits and routines and patterns and stuff by that and something even deeper and deeper
 It's nothing to do with any that I mean it not nothing
 It's all it's all your mind. It's your it's your conscious your subconscious your
 your instinctive mind and the
 The war in the battle between those three is the game. It's the game we're playing. Ah, anyway, I
 Want to teach I want to write this book so bad. I was other projects that are pressing that are holding me from it
 That's the thing I want to do the most
 I think somebody thinks I need a big impact I can give to you guys into
 The world right now. So anyway, I'm hoping I hope and I don't die before that book's done
 Let me finish that book and then you can take me. They're just kidding. Don't take me. I'm gonna stay a long time
 All right, well, there you go guys. There's vulnerable Russell
 Anyway, I just want to show to you guys. I know that everyone here has got something like this
 My guess and I'm not I don't know this for sure
 But my guess is it's it's rare where
 Somebody's got all the the aspects of life figured out all the things they value in balance, right?
 Like that's like ultimate happiness
 Usually the one that we're aware of the one that we're famous for on social is usually the one that our needs to be met in
 Then when we amplified the ones we spend our most for time, but I guess if there's other ones that value as much as not more that there aren't
 fulfilling our needs or or we're spending our time in and so
 Anyway, hopefully for all you guys, you know that just understanding that like you you know
 The the stuff on the cutting room floor is the stuff that that probably matters the most so that's the thing she has and we'll talk to you
 All soon. Bye everybody
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast if you've loved this episode
 Then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to Facebook Instagram
 Or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you
 Also Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time and this free gift comes with almost
 $20,000 worth of pure money-making information for free just for saying maybe you can get this gift from Dan and for me right now
 At no BS letter calm
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift
 You also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your mailbox each and every month one from Dan Kennedy and one for me to get this gift
 And your subscription go to no BS letter calm right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
