 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson as you know we're in the middle of the Tony's big launch and I had a chance
 File and actually interview Dean. He was so much fun. We did this really cool podcast interview and there's some really
 Powerful nuggets in there. I think you're gonna enjoy it
 And so we have as a video podcast or driving traffic to it's converting great
 But I thought it'd be really fun for you guys to listen in behind the scenes
 Just so you guys know the evil strategy we recorded this podcast as a training session
 But then also at the end obviously sells people into
 Dean's new Dean and Tony's new course
 And then that interview is becoming VSL so video sells that are we're driving traffic to it and it's converting and it's it's just a really cool strategy
 So and we just want to show out to you as well. I'll probably do a longer form episode talking about the strategy behind this
 What we did why we did all kind of stuff
 But it's it's it's pretty cool
 So the interview is awesome and as you notice when you listen to interview I giving away an insane bonus for those who do
 Sign up for Dean and Tony's new course, which first off they cut the price in half. They doubled what's inside of it
 So it's like it's like the biggest no-brainer ever, but one of the bonuses that I'm giving away is actually Dan Kennedy's
 Course on how to get to seven figures and what's crazy about this course is the true story
 I was talking about settle
 Ben settled for years like a decade was stuck at high six figures in his business could never break
 Can ever break it and then he bought that course in an Kennedy and that was the thing that got him to seven figures a year
 So it's insane the good course is Dan Kennedy. It's not on the market
 You can't buy anywhere, but I'm gonna give it to anyone who buys Dean and Tony's course through my link
 I'm gonna just go to take the challenge calm to go get my bonus as well
 So that said you have to hope you enjoy this amazing interview with me and D cross you'll see
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet
 Still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answer
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secret show
 I am in studio in Phoenix, Arizona here ding-dros you'll see talking about some really cool things with you guys today
 And I'm excited for this podcast
 This is not very often I get to come on the road and do it have a studio it that looks amazing
 So I'm pumped real quick before I dive into the interview though a couple big things are happening
 So down below on the page you'll be in the show notes some info
 But first off there's a challenge the Dean and Tony are doing the starting it may have already started
 It may be almost starting but there's gonna be a link down below for you to register and get part of it
 And then as all of you guys know at the end of the challenge
 They are making a very special offer
 And so if that offers live the also being down below and before I even get in the interview
 I want to show I'm gonna tell you guys my bonus for this offer because I think everybody should be part of it
 You should all get it and so I'm telling my bonus and then we're gonna jump in the interview
 That's how I'm good that way. There's no like, you know a lot of times we do these kind of things people like
 What's the what's the pitch at the end the pitch is happening right the second and then we're gonna get into some really fun?
 Content I got some cool questions for Dean. I'm excited for
 But this is the bonus so when you invest in in the course at the end of this which again Dean and I will talk about it towards the end
 I found something really special for you guys a lot of you guys know about Dan Kennedy's company almost a year ago now
 Which is crazy
 And I was talking to Ben's settle a lot of you guys know Ben's settle
 You tell me that there was a Kennedy course back in the day that he went through his live event and he had chance to go through
 He said that for his entire business career
 He can never break seven figures in here
 He tried over and over and over and there's this one Dan Kennedy course called the seven figure Academy
 And he's that I went through that course and the next year I broke seven figures
 And it was his favorite Dan Kennedy course ever and I was like I've never even heard this course
 I never heard the event I went back to the archives when I bought the company got his huge drives of all the stuff
 And I found the actual course in the in the archives last time it was sold
 It was sold for five thousand dollars and nobody's seen it in a decade and
 Anybody who decides to invest in Dean and Tony's project that we'll talk about later
 I'm gonna give you that as a gift for free. So there's my ears this bull offer slash bonus slash
 I think Dean's gonna buy
 His own course just be able to get that bonus. That's how good it is. But anyway, that's it
 I'm gonna jump in here. So Dean, how are you doing today? I'm doing good, man
 It's great to have you here
 I'm excited to be here in your office, too
 and it's funny because
 This is now is this the third or fourth year fourth the fourth year
 So I'm gonna tell everyone who wasn't there the very first year
 We did this you're in a different office altogether was yeah, and you had this idea to do this thing with Tony and
 I remember the very first
 Launch of it. We were in the little office
 I guess was in the little office, but a little room and we were yeah
 we were doing the first kickoff and that launched this whole movement and
 I love you talk about that
 Just the very beginning of what like where this idea came from how you put it into Tony and just the beginning of this entire movement
 Not a great question and everybody what's going on and thank you for that. You're just I want that
 I went through afterwards. It's insane. Yeah, depending on when you see this definitely check out the challenge. It's five days
 It's about 90 minutes probably two hours a day
 It's not kind of free. It's totally free and we have some amazing surprises this year
 If you know anything about Tony and myself we we want to make this memorable and epic
 I think it's our last one we're doing. Yeah, so so that's a it's such a great question
 I think it's really important everybody. Here's this Tony same with you impacted my life 25 years ago when I bought his course
 And he was just on my mind like I was on my way being successful
 But I was doing it kind of in a hosed up way and he made me kind of let go in my past and see a better future and life happened for me
 Not to me and all that but secondly it's the reason I'm in this industry, right?
 I'm like wow like this is what hit me. I didn't know it was an industry
 I'm like I gave this guy like
 $397 over an infomercial and he gave me information that changed my life like nothing got shipped
 He didn't have to warehouse it. He didn't have to ship it didn't have to store it didn't have to air condition it
 He just talked and it changed my life
 I'm like I'm in like at that time. I was in the collision shop auto sales. I own a tow truck company
 I was that apartments. I'm like
 I'm going in this way too hard. I'm going in this you know information thing so
 I
 Did that then in this industry and then about 12 years ago someone introduced Tony and I and we just hit it off
 Went to his house. We're supposed to have a half-hour meeting
 We spent nine hours together day we had lunch and then dinner and then a late night snack and we've been friends ever since and we're about
 Seven years in and I watch so many people I think it's really important to hear because timing you always talk about your dream 100
 Timing's everything Tony is not only a dream 100 it's a man who shifted my life in so many ways
 If I could have met anybody in the world prior to I probably would have been Tony
 Yeah, and I watch so many people want to do deals with Tony that I decided I like having him as a friend
 I'm not gonna go over never gonna ruin it. I'm not gonna ask him to ever be my partner
 But every time we're together we golf twice a year
 It's the only two times a year I golf we golf like every hole we want like we golf like nine holes
 But like one three nine that's it like it's funny golfing with him. He's like I could go wherever I want my okay
 Let's let's go right and every hole you go to if he's like hey, can we jump it like Tony of course?
 I can afford this membership because of you right
 So I'll make this story short so we can get to some really good stuff to share and thank you for spending this time
 Was I promise you'll deliver we'll deliver some good stuff today. You'll live a little it would definite value
 But finishing this question, but about I realized every time we're together all we talked about was self-education
 if he didn't meet Jim Roan and
 Go down that path. He's like where would I be and and the lives that man's impacted because Jim Roan impacted his life
 And then he decided to share what he learned from Jim Roan and from others and if Tony didn't impact my life
 And I decided to sell what I know where would we be and all we ever talked about is how we owe
 Self-education our lives like we both said we'd be dead or at Burger King if we didn't
 So about four and a half years ago. I just sent him a picture of the day
 We really talked about it. We said what if we've been doing this for sixty five years between the two of us
 Selling what we know
 But we didn't used to be good like we're still doing the biggest launches the biggest live event
 So it's not like the old days Tony and Dean right and we said what if we really left our legacy
 By pulling back the curtain and showing people how to truly enter this business with the right mindset
 How to identify what to sell how to sell it how to talk to people how to communicate?
 I mean, I believe Tony is the best in the world at what he does
 I think in a hundred years from now you'll have the library but in a hundred years from now people will be talking about Tony
 Yeah, right and I think I'm pretty darn good at marketing and some and I think that combo of what we share
 So we decided let's do this
 Let's create the greatest course ever on helping people start or stop dabbling
 Right?
 There's so many people have been trying to get to sell what they know or they're a coach that gets a couple sessions or
 Been watching other people and have envy
 But where the hell do you start and we just said let's create the program that people have no excuses take everything
 We learned and we spent like nine months extracting
 Our history but then applying it to the beginner or somebody that's not hitting the momentum
 They want and we built the course as you know the knowledge broker blueprint and we built the software
 Mastermind we have mastermind calm because of you we built the software that's not what you create what you create
 It's amazing. I use click funnels. It's unbelievable. Everybody should be using click funnels, right?
 We wanted to create something that was easy for someone to get their first sale their first 10 sales not complicated easy to go
 And that's what we did that's and we call it more of an implementation tool not a software
 So we built the knowledge broker blueprint. We built the implementation tool
 We built some training and then we just asked our friends say hey if you believe in Tony and I could you help support us?
 Oh my god, I think you were here
 I think it's still I mean except for last year it was up until that point
 I think it was the biggest launch in history. We were a two-com club member what in like eight minutes or something ridiculous
 We're back yet to come up. There was like two-com club X right holy crap. That was yeah
 It was unbelievable hitting refresh because everyone who's everyone in our community
 I think I was the fastest you come up ever Mike. No, I was there for the fastest
 Yeah, and it was amazing because you said something. Thank you for saying that it really did kick off a movement. Yeah, because
 the last year we did this training again and nine hundred fifty thousand people registered for this
 We have people in a hundred fifty seven countries in forty seven hundred different niches helping people see that the greatest asset
 They own is their life experience and then when they you think about that and you tell someone your life experience your knowledge your information
 You say your mess that can become your message. That is your greatest asset
 The next thing people say is yeah
 But I don't know how to sell it and who would buy for me and I don't have a following and man
 Is there anybody better in the world than Tony of taking those limiting beliefs?
 Destroying them and then give them a path to build confidence courage to move forward
 And I think that combo of Tony and I has just built something amazing and now
 With the world shifting with the economy shifting as Tony says that we're going into an economic winter and you can either starve and freeze or snowboard and ski
 Right. We're more we're more
 Motivated because at the end of the day Tony doesn't have to do another thing and I feel really blessed
 I wouldn't if I wanted to call it quits
 I could as well and now we're kind of hell bent on leaving this legacy of no more dabbling
 Don't be scared like we should talk about it today because I know it's on people's minds
 Things are changing and if you're been in business for less than 15 years, you might not know how hard it could actually change
 And if you're not prepared, that's when you're left behind or your business stops working
 How many people do you meet and go? I was in your business up until 2007, you know
 We all got out then it's like no 2007 8 9 10 my best years of my life
 And my pilot and my my pilot that flew me yesterday
 I said I was in the speaking world. I oh my god. I'd love to work with you. It's like what happened. He's like oh seven
 Right, you have the skills that you need right there
 right so so now Tony and I the reason we're doing the time to thrive and we're called to time to thrive challenge is because I
 Told you this before we started Tom bill you I didn't interview with him the other day of impact theory
 He said during a shift like this. It's fight or flight
 But he said I think more people do the freeze like I don't know what to do
 Is someone gonna fix it someone coming to save us is it gonna get better and you wait freeze and they wait?
 And that's when you're left behind and you can't get the momentum and you give up on your dreams, so
 Yeah, getting to some great stuff the reason we're doing this now and this last one or call time to thrive because we don't want people think
 Can I survive we want them to think no I can thrive but you need the right skill set
 So over those five days will pull back the curtain show people what we know how to identify how to go deeper
 If you've ever been a part of our stuff, it's pretty damn amazing. So so I think
 Those who are just jumping into this like the industry we're talking about is the selling of information selling your ideas
 And a lot of ways to courses or books or masterminds or things like that, but the key is really understanding that I remember when I got in this business
 And I think I'm a 20 year almost 20 years now. It's just crazy. I feel like I'm 20 years old, so but I remember for me
 I got this bro to and I remember getting into on that marketing I was trying all the things and
 For 18 months I was doing stuff, but I never made any money
 I was like why am I making any money and I don't it's funny looking back now because I was trying a bunch of things
 But I didn't actually have like a thing to sell and the very and even know the story
 But and I think a lot of my people did the very first idea like the very first thing I had in my head was like
 Oh, I could sell
 Information on how to make a potato gun now is the very first thing I made a potato gun DVD
 I put it out there and then people bought it and it was the first time like I had taken something from my head put it out
 There and somebody bought it and it was like the coolest thing in the world then and obviously potato gun markets not it's not huge
 But I got you out of Egypt. It got you started. Wait, I did it after eight at once
 I'm like oh my gosh like I remember the very first time a payment came through somebody bought something I'd created and they didn't
 Refund it. I was just like oh my gosh. This is this is real like what else I create like what else is there out there?
 And that started the wheels in my head spinning and then for me
 It was you know another huge journey to figure out all the stuff that they obviously were giving people on a silver platter here
 But it's that's the industry and so for everybody who's listening it's like what what are the things you've got and I am such a big believer
 I believe that
 They got his as literally every single person on his planet. He's given us he's given us
 struggles and trials and temptations and problems and gifts and and
 You know positive negatives like all of us have different gifts things were really good at and there's also like trials
 We've gone through and both of those we were given because not for ourselves
 I think I think we go through those things to make ourselves better
 But after you've gone through that that those those problems or those blessings
 But you know both sides of it then it's like okay now you've been called a server group of people with these skills that you have and that's
 We're at like everyone who's listening like there's something gone through they had a huge blessing life like oh my gosh
 I can't we have been I've been great. I've been blessed with this thing or I went through this huge trial
 It was horrible. It was like the most miserable thing ever and I'm out of it
 And now you've gone through and you have this thing to go serve other people and one one example
 I just popped my head so I'm gonna share it
 Actually one of my wrestling buddies name is Larry Quizzle
 Russell the Boise State with me is took second place in the nation used to come house
 We rust all the time and and one day he went hiking and
 never came back and he
 literally had backpack on sat down and passed away and his wife had to deal with that I had to go find him go pull him out of the
 thing and
 And then she had to go through the grieving thing and then she was a widow with kids and all the stuff and like you look at that
 like
 Like one of the hardest I can't even imagine it right just this horrible experience
 And she could have just like went through that experience then like and that was it
 But instead she felt called like man
 There's other people grieving like me who maybe don't have the tools that I have they don't have this the things
 And so his wife Heather if you follow her Instagram or Facebook like she now speaks to people
 Who are grieving and the work she's doing is insane and like this
 Hore like the worst
 Possible trial that she went through made her become someone who now she can go and she can reach and pull other people up
 And now she's changing their lives and so I think anybody who because so many times I think we hear this stuff
 I'm like I'm not ready. I'm not worthy. I'm not an expert
 It's like no like you've literally gone through things in your life specifically not to help yourself
 But to build help somebody else you know what what a great what a great reason
 Doing this over the for it last three and a half four years is I've been immersed in it
 Like I know this is my next 20 years because I'm watching as you get to watch watching people who think I don't think I can do this
 I'm not sure maybe I can I'll try it okay, and all of a sudden it's their new path
 It's their new life right and you say that and I want to tell you something personal my little boy Luca who you know
 Was born with really bad eczema
 Now God works in an amazing way
 So I get to have that conversation with you because I believe and I believe there's a lot of things that I don't talk about a lot
 Publicly but the older I get the more I realized it's all happening for us if you take Tony's words right for us not to us
 So two years prior
 Year and a half hours in this room in this studio with 400 people on the screen who are a part of working with Tony and I and I called on
 This girl and she this is before Luca is born. So it's two and a half years ago
 She is a mom with her son that had eczema really bad so bad
 I know what it's like now itching at night have to put gloves on tight gloves
 So they can't take it off doesn't sleep crying
 It's like your son or daughter has poison ivy or mosquito bites all over him
 And you can't solve it and the only way is to put steroids all over him and the steroids has all these byproducts
 And she went through all that she's telling me that pain and she said after so many doctors and after steroids
 I couldn't take anymore and I did all the research for three months the doctors the natural past the books
 And I found a how to help it externally and what?
 Champoos to use and how to do internally to get their liver cleanse and she's like but and she says but I'm not an expert Dean
 I'm not a doctor. I don't have a following and we had a conversation and I said one of the things I said to I said
 If you don't share this you might be doing a disservice to people
 That could use you even if one of your things and she filmed her course on her phone in her kitchen
 And it went on to sell now fast forward a year later
 My wife I come home my wife went on to our implementation tool our mastermind calm right they went on she went on
 My wife bought the course and my wife was home
 Watching this course on eczema and my wife's doing I knew most of it
 But there's like three or four things I never thought of until this day
 My wife uses the thing this girl shared on eczema for our son
 Luca and swears by like that was the greatest
 $97 or whatever she paid for a course ever is that amazing how that comes full circle and that's only one of
 You know tens of thousands of stories of people that have been through something and somebody else the way I look at is somebody else
 You might have gone through the valley of learning and ex learning something going through something hard
 Taking uncomfortable action and you got through the valley of life and figured it out and you're on the other side
 And if you just turn around and look there's thousands of people on the other side of the valley gone
 I don't know how to get through this divorce. I don't know how to grieve. I don't know how to help my son or daughter with eczema
 I don't know how to sell better. I don't know how to eat vegan. I don't know how to do yoga
 I don't know how to meditate when someone helped me right and it's really just turning around and saying oh yeah
 I have that life experience I have that little micro niche life experience
 Wow people want that and that's what you do so well
 And that's what we do is how do we unlock that and help people have the confidence through a process to make it real and one thing
 I think people
 Like a false belief I hear people all the time like oh well so and so already does that like all like I remember somebody
 I can't really was like you let's say yoga like oh well
 They're already yoga course like there's a hundred yoga courses
 It doesn't matter like people like you have to understand that people are gonna be attracted to you specifically like in my world
 Like obviously I'm obsessed with funnels
 I have been talking about nothing for the last decade besides funnels and there's a billion other funnel consultants out there
 And guess what a lot of people don't like me like hey Russell talks too fast
 He talks about God sometimes like I look at people like oh you talked about God
 I'm out and they just can you know they separate from me
 Which is totally cool right like and they go to somebody else and they learn from that person
 That's okay. You have to understand that like
 like
 I'm a big believer in like your people are gonna find you right and so like I might not be the right for everybody
 That's cool like my competitors. I'm pumped like I just want people like when all said done
 The only thing I really care about is for people to have success
 And I hope that I can give them the thing
 Can I tell you something I want to interrupt you for a second
 And I hope people know what Russell just said sounds like something you'd hear on a podcast or an owner of a company
 He truly means it the help this man's given my company selflessly
 I hope I give it back to you the same way but selflessly
 Always there to support always there to share his biggest breakthrough and he truly cares behind the scenes
 It's why your company does so well because your depth of caring when no one's watching is pretty amazing, man
 Thank you, so kudos to all you're doing. I know we're friends, but that's that's a true story
 But you're right and sometimes people say that to me
 I want to teach how to do you know how to eat vegan, but there's a lot of them out there like I said and sometimes
 I'll say to somebody name me an industry where there's no competition
 You don't want to be that one
 Right you can't think of any and if you can think of one you don't want to be in that one like you want
 Whether there's demand because people like you said people are gonna follow you
 Maybe they like follow me or or Tony or Brendan Bichard or Frank Kern everybody's got different personalities and when you
 Have a blueprint on how to make this work
 Then you automatically have an unfair advantage
 Yeah, for sure
 I think when people understand that like the differentiator is them like that's the thing that people will connect with you
 True story because it's not like you're selling shampoo and like oh it's 30 types shampoo
 It's all same. It's like no like like this is Russell's philosophy on funnels. This is Dean's philosophy on whatever
 I it's it's they're connecting with you as a person
 Yeah, and that's a piece of it
 And those are the things that you're gonna learn about through this challenge is like like figuring out identifying like this is the thing
 that I need to do and then how do I like how do I become that person and
 Which is the scary part for some people but also the fun part is you start like waiting through and and doing it
 And one thing I want to mention so very first time we launched this whole mastermind
 KBB everything and we're in the little tiny office the next year 12 months later
 We came back and we're in this beautiful like amazing office here and one thing that was so profound to me
 I remember we were filming that we were preparing for the video and those who don't know like Tony's coming and so me and Dean are freaking out
 We're stressed out like it's just like one of those things we're like want to make it perfect because you know
 Tony so
 And I remember you brought out these two huge stacks of paper like
 Like I don't know probably eight inches tall of papers like four or five rims of paper
 I'm like one of those you're like these are each page on here is a success story from someone in the last 12 months
 Who went through here and and did the thing and got there for sale
 Yeah
 And it was like and that was year number one and I remember talking to you right before you got on like like how many do you have
 Not if you know the number but I think one of the most powerful things is that
 This process that you're gonna be taken through on the challenge and even more so when they go deep
 And they decided to go all in with the with the actual course
 Which by the way you've cut the price in half which we'll talk about later, but
 Like it's the thing that gets people off the sidelines and into the game
 Like so many women watching they listen to like 500 episodes of the marketing secrets live
 So the listening since was marketing in the car before when I was driving my car driving right they've been watching you
 They've gone through all the stuff and in their mind like okay. I'm gonna do this. I'm gonna do this
 But they're waiting on the sideline. They're waiting and it's interesting. I think people's biggest fear is not that like
 They're not afraid like I'm gonna fail. They're afraid that if I if I try and I fail then the dream
 I have of someday doing this is gonna disappear. It's really good
 That's really good interest back. Yeah, and so like they're waiting like I don't want to do it
 I don't want to do it and like I want people to understand like this is like this this safe zone
 What's like okay? You can go through this process you do the challenge you're gonna get some ideas
 You can go deep into this course and over the next you know three months or so
 You're gonna go and you're gonna get off the sidelines get into the game and make it for sale and the first sale I
 Mean I remember like sit down with Brandon Frank Kern you people anybody you talked to say your first sale
 Yeah, you watch their face go. Let me tell you
 Pete Vargas is I was on a boat with my wife thinking we're going broke and I look at my phone
 It's like no honey money got deposited into my account today for information
 And it's the greatest feeling it's the greatest feeling and you know when we first launched KBB
 And now it's project next and we because we wanted to be the next project the next evolution right and
 Plus we were always updating and changing based on who we are right so we have our newest version now of project next is just
 I think the best thing we've ever created
 But when we first started we thought we were gonna help new people or people that have been dabbling or not reach the success
 They really want that's who gonna help
 but now it's
 Absolutely who we so everything we do is crafting to the person that's been watching you thinking about it or
 Created a course and they're not getting sales or they're a coach and they get a couple sales a month
 But it's not real and everything we've done
 We designed Tony designed the mindset to help you become unstoppable
 I designed the implementation the marketing the building the building of audience and how to teach it through confidence to our story teach tool
 Model so everything we do now is for that client right now
 I think the last my team said and it's not all massive hundred thousand dollars success
 But we have six thousand pages and on each page
 There's more than one of people's lives that would change from what we've done you talk about when I hand that to
 Tony when I showed that Tony he's so you know
 Three hours he went sick. He can't help himself. He felt like he was impacting he's gonna keep going right
 So I showed Tony that like all I got to do is get Tony fired up to be honest like hey dude
 We have six thousand pages of life's change. Yeah, let's get 12
 And
 And then like you hit the play button and who better than him right?
 But that's that's what we're hell bent on doing and the reason we do a five-day challenge
 You guys should model this in your own business whether it's five days three days one day
 Is we live in an era where we I believe we must build you're so good at it Russell build massive reciprocity in advance
 Massive I love webinars. I've been doing webinars and live cast forever
 But I love the five day because everybody who comes at the end and we get hundreds of thousands last year over nine hundred thousand people registered
 We get hundreds of thousands of comments like best five days ever spent in my life
 And you could go through the five days and go you know what? Thanks guys
 I never want to do this but if you're gonna investigate if you're gonna stop dabbling
 We love the fact that we could deliver so much value and then people would without feeling sold
 They're like I want to continue this journey
 Right and then we we've set up immersion and repetition and mastery and implementation
 But that's that that's why I think this has become a movement like when you said again when you said that before that meant a lot because now
 It's you know we've we've had over three million people two two point eight million people opt in
 For something that we're doing over the last three and a half years. It's pretty crazy. It's crazy Dan Kennedy used to have a thing
 He would call that a discovery day where someone come in and they've spent a day with him to like
 See the whole process and then make decision like oh I want to keep doing this or not and that's what this challenges
 so I want to talk a little more about challenge because
 You've watched this on a page. They'll be linked down below if you listen to podcasts
 I'll drop the link in the show notes and stuff, but
 The challenge is happening and it's a five-day challenge
 Talk about the title of the challenge and then kind of what they should expect happening each each day throughout the process
 So it's called the time to thrive like I said before because I think a lot of people are gonna think let's survive
 Yeah, the heck with that. How do you do whatever like what did Warren Buffett say?
 You know when the tide goes out
 Right some people the tides gonna go out and some people are so many can they're gonna sit and wait
 Also, what did he say when everybody's greedy be stingy when everybody stingy be greedy?
 There's gonna be a lot of people who freeze and I think this could be one of the greatest opportunities if you know what to do so
 Day one is gonna be more of so it's time to thrive not a time to survive day one will be more about why this industry
 Why them and why right now and Tony anchoring in a mindset?
 He goes about 45 minutes and he anchors in where everybody's like
 Right he's live day one right and he's live. Yeah throughout and day five. He's his life is he'll crush it
 But he's live day one and sets this foundation of like this is why now why this he'll probably go
 He'll talk deep about how we're in winter and in time of winter like Warren Buffett said what in his yearly
 We Charlie Munger is yearly presentation. He said two things to survive inflation recession is get better at what you're good
 out or go deep by investing in yourself and number two be a part of a business or an industry that has high margins
 What better margins than selling information right?
 So Tony will anchor that in but then set a mindset probably through is like three to seven pillars where you're like oh hell
 Yes, I got to listen and I think Jenna Kutcher might be on day one and but oh and you're gonna be here
 Hopefully on day three. I think it is or I don't know
 Yeah, everybody's flying in we'll do it in the studio here
 But day two will be helping you narrow in what you should be teaching we call it your dot your micro
 niche your niche because the smaller you get your dot the bigger actually
 The bigger opportunity you have to launch and do it with confidence. So picture day one. You're like oh, I can do this
 I feel it day two is like what do I sell?
 By the time we're done with day two you like oh, I know exactly
 Who what I would offer and I know exactly who I would offer it to yeah day three
 We teach you how to sell through service so it doesn't feel like you're a sales person
 A lot of people have this apprehension to marketing and sales you and I will talk
 We don't change lives unless we sell Tony doesn't change lives unless somebody buys a ticket to his event
 Right so Tony has to market so he can change lives when we flip that and give you a model on how to sell through service
 By the time you're done with day three you're like oh, I could sell this okay
 So I know why I want to do this I have the mindset forward
 I know what to sell who to sell to know how to sell it
 How do I teach day four is kind of how to elegantly teach it even if you're an introvert or never?
 Believe me I'm the biggest introvert. Maybe not as big as you but almost
 But day four is how to elegantly teach it and how to start building a following
 So by the end of day four you like I'm in I'm doing this then day five is kind of a recap
 And then Tony and we got a special guest Matthew McConaughey because he wrote green lights
 And so day five will end it with that and then probably day four day three or four will let people know hey
 I hope we're serving you at the greatest level possible
 I hope this is firing up if you want to continue this with us then we'll offer project next
 Which project next will be our immersive course that we obsess on
 Then they'll get six weeks of live training to anchor it in at the end of the six or seven weeks
 We have the mastermind world summit has been me and Tony and 18 20,000 people and we give the implementation tool to make it real
 I mean it really is it's one of those things where if you've been dabbling or thinking about this this
 This is what you got to do okay
 So a couple other things I want to mention
 So I've been doing challenges as well over the last two years and when you sign for challenge typically there's like a VIP pass
 We you guys doing something so what that so I want to recommend
 Because a lot of people have never done the VIP before
 That's where like the magic happens like it's like here's the training we give the masses and it's like okay
 Everyone huddle up like here's like other stuff. Yeah, and it's interesting because I don't know if you've got to track
 As well, but we track like the people who do the VIP versus the people have success and there's like in this insane correlation rate of like the people
 Absolutely. Yeah, it's people don't I mean hate to jump in on you there
 But I know people have set it for years, but people who don't pay don't pay attention
 Yeah, so what Russell's talking about on the way in this is free completely free you can watch it on YouTube
 Nothing is restricted from the main train on the way in for a minimal
 I think we're doing it 97 this year last we did 297 this year
 This year we're going to 97. It's again. It's Tony's like people might be hurt and let's let him in
 They gotta go we want to change your life. Let's rip him open
 He's like a ripple open
 It's why the courses year one and two was two thousand dollars and we didn't have as we didn't give as much
 Yeah, but Tony's like hey people are hurting. Let's drop the price in half
 I'm like should we look at the economics? No, we got to help people and everybody in here
 He's bigger than me. So I just say yes, right?
 But on the way in after you register there's the opportunity to upgrade to VIP and we're including some cool instant bonuses from Tony
 I training that will set you up a training to prepare you for the challenge you get zoom access
 So you'll be in a zoom room you get to keep the training for life
 We do Tony and I will do Q&A at the end whenever it's done
 It's like bye everybody you guys stay on and then we do Q&A for like 97 bucks last year
 297 we crushed it. So I think 97 is gonna be amazing
 But I have to tell you just what you said the people who pay the 97 or 297 last year
 They show up at like a 95% the people who are free are like that was free
 Maybe I'll go maybe I won't right. So I would say I
 Would say get the VIP and then secondly I would literally I've been telling this for a couple of years
 I would pretend you register you go to the link register to come
 I'd pretend you paid a thousand bucks for these five days because it's that mental note of like I paid a thousand bucks
 Let me show up on my journal open take notes when it's free like I think Tony and Dean are on this afternoon, right?
 Yeah, no, it's big and it's just it's interesting too because
 I think they're I had phrases like I've never yet in my life met somebody who was skeptical and had success ever
 Like it's weird thing and some people come in and like oh, I'm gonna see this is for me
 And they become skeptical and they wait and they wait and they wait and their brain when you come in
 You come in the frame of like skepticism. You're always looking for like like how it could not be true
 And there's always like something like oh oh there it is that was the thing Russell talked you fast Tony said this thing
 So and so cursed like they're looking for something to like blame it on the hell
 Yeah, I was right the whole time and like for me
 It's like when I go into anything I would say okay if I'm gonna do this
 I mean the inner amount like I don't dabble like again as you know dabblers people skeptics
 They don't usually have success in anything in life, but
 Specifically stuff like this. I'm like I'm gonna go in and if I'm gonna do this
 I'm gonna do it. Otherwise, it's not worth registering
 I mean part of it's I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna go all in and then like you said I'm gonna make a commitment showing like I'm
 Financially committed. I'm not going in the skeptical. I'm going this like looking for a how can this work for me?
 And that's the difference and it was interesting my this comes back holy cow
 15 years ago now the very first Tony Robbins been everyone to you. I don't know if you I've ever told you the story
 So I got invited the long story. I'm not gonna tell the whole story
 I got invited to go to Tony's thing
 I had never been to Tony event and I thought it was like an internet event
 So I got my backpack in my laptop we get there walking the UPW in Toronto and
 Music's playing people are jumping to no desks
 like there's just chairs and I'm here by backpack and I'm so confused you know and I get in there and
 Tony invited me so I was like up in the front like I'm seeing Tony above me spitting on me and everything and
 Everyone's they're dancing and jumping. I was like you're not comfortable
 I didn't dance in my own wedding like I that's how much I despise dancing and jumping and everyone's jumping
 I'm like no the same me no and then Tony's talking about stuff and I'm like nope nope. I remember sharing
 I can't remember specifically remember saying things in my head. I was like no no like this is not true
 This is not correct like this now it works and like I was just fighting every single thing and luckily UPW is this immersion event
 We're like day one is like 28,000 hours long
 You know and you're walking a fire at the end so I'm like six hours in and my like my
 Skeptic my skeptic muscles getting weaker and weaker and weaker and I start looking around and I'm like everyone here is having this amazing experience except for me
 And I'm like I don't know anybody here. It's just me. I came by myself and I was like okay
 So I'm like I should kind of like bouncing a little bit. I'm like all that kind of feels good
 Nobody's like making fun of me
 I'm so like bouncing a little bit more and I my hands go up a little bit and like within like 15 minutes
 I'm jumping around like all the crazy people. I'm drinking the Kool-Aid and I remember they Tony saying something
 I said instead of me saying no, I'm gonna shift myself and say what if I can say yes
 I'm saying what if and then like Tony said something I was like what if that's true and I was like
 Well, if that is true and all of a sudden like wow everything
 I appreciate you sharing this and that's right over three
 Yeah, and then you know that night we walk on fire
 You know next day I had shin splints but a three lost my voice, but it changed my life and this is
 I've shared this at my event before but this is seven years of my marriage my wife and I when I showed up this event like
 We love each other and but we were not happy either of us
 we're just we're there we had a couple kids at a time and we're just and we're struggling and
 And that was like a transition point in my life where it I've told Tony's where I get changed my marriage
 It's say my marriage and then I remember after I call my wife that night
 Am a wife a very positive person I called her
 I'm like yeah, she seems so down like and I was like I was on top down the world
 It's like the next day like I said my wife earned the next UPw
 I sent my wife and her mom there and then she came back and then it just it changed everything for us
 And so I want you to understand that I come into this like playing full out
 Don't be skeptical come and say what if this is true?
 What if this you're not like like oh what if this is not true like oh?
 Looking for the way to get out of it. I said what if this is true if I think this is true
 What am I gonna do? Well, I'm not gonna dab woman to go all in I'm gonna be on VIP things
 I'm gonna show up. I'm not gonna miss the thing. I'm gonna be there participating
 I'm gonna take my lunch breaks at whatever 10 a.m.
 If that's what it means to make sure that I'm not missing the thing when they when the course comes up at the end of it
 I'm gonna go in especially the fact that they discount it in half and Russell's give me an insane bonus
 I'm gonna go all in but like that's how you have success in life being skeptical
 I don't know any multi-millionaires your skeptics none on any Olympic champs your skeptics
 I'm gonna you have sea champs on any wrestler's she was skeptic like the people who are successful by all in I was
 Saying that with my thanks for sharing that story by the way. Yeah. Yeah
 I just want people to understand that cuz like I've been on same spot where it's just like like this is weird like I don't feel comfortable
 I
 Was talking to my old wrestling coach and he's what he's the head wrestling coach now at
 Utah Valley University
 and it was interesting because
 Some of his kids are doing really good some of his aren't struggling and stuff and I was asking like trying to understand like
 Why are some kids?
 You know we're all in same room same coaches same coaching staff same everything
 Why are some getting some not and he said he said I can't get these kids to buy in to buy a to buy in 100%
 And I was like as as he said that I was how interesting I'm like the kids are successfully bought in which means the coach says this
 They just do it like yeah, coach said this I bought it. I'm gonna do it the ones are like how well
 He said I should I should work my nutrition now. He's a good coach here. I'm not gonna trust that
 Oh, I'm not gonna trust that I need to be hard
 I'm not gonna trust and the ones who who have success have 100% bought in on the guy that they hired the coach the mentor
 Or whatever it is they bought in and like they put on blinders like so-and-so said this thing therefore
 I will do it and I'm gonna fall it and those are the people have success
 It's never the ones who are like dabbling who are like halfway bought in right? I'm thinking about it
 It's the ones who are like all right. I've chosen these my mentor blinders on them and to do what you say those ones have success in all areas of life
 Specifically here as well. Yeah, no it's so true such a great conversation
 I just got done listening to another John Wooden book one that I had never listened to before and
 I mean you talk about a winning coach right no one had ever won more than three
 College basketball championships ever the most winning coach was three and he's won ten right seven more in a row
 He went three years undefeated at one time in the middle of his career
 And when you listen to him and I know if you don't know who John Wooden is a UCLA coach and
 Just such a simple guy and he said he goes
 I never talked to the teams about winning because never said we're gonna win a championship never said we're gonna win a game
 He said my whole philosophy is that you don't get to experience who you're meant to be until you give all of you
 Until you don't dabble he said so all I did for 25 years is help kids see their own full potential
 And then when I gave him the plan and the discipline that was on their own because they were tapped into something bigger than themselves
 He said we've lost games that I was more proud of them than any other game
 We won because I knew they gave all of them
 There's nothing more we can do and he goes we've won games and I was disappointed in the locker room because I could tell they were
 You know showboat and not being the best version of themselves and it just shows that so many times in life
 We do we don't go all in because of that skeptic or someone in our lives like ah that online thing won't work
 And we hold back 20% of us because you ever win the Olympics win a game get the company going have a great relationship
 If you left 20% out, right?
 So I think it's such a great lesson. I was on you have your boys here today, which is awesome you're two older boys
 I just did a trip for 36 hours with the three different cities
 Brendan and Tom Bill you and a couple of people and I brought my two older kids with me and we talked about this in the car
 I said if I knew you did the best you possibly couldn't didn't school and you got seas
 I'd celebrate you
 But if you're not doing homework and you're kind of dabbling or spending time with your friends too much
 Then we got to talk about it
 And I think it's the same thing here if you've been thinking about doing something different if you're listening or Russell or other people or
 Watching or wondering maybe envy or like hey you can make it I can or or you've tried you put one foot in
 Maybe it's time just to commit because this is a serious time in our lives. I mean I
 Don't want to be the pessimist, but I believe and I was gonna take a minute here. I
 believe it's way better to prepare and anticipate than react and
 with the world shifting and
 If you listen to people way smarter than me this could be the worst recession we've seen in maybe 50 years, right?
 There was 99 there was two two thousand seven
 They think it could be worse than both of those. I hope it's not man
 I'd rather anticipate and prepare so when it happens you can thrive rather than going oh my god
 It's worse than I thought people aren't spending money. Oh my god my communication my marketing is off. It's not working
 I'd rather prepare
 And if you prepare and gain capabilities from people have already done it
 Whether that's you or somebody else that's done what you're hoping to do or Tony and I at this challenge is follow the blueprint
 And then commit to it, right?
 If you follow the coach you talk to or coach wooden or your advice
 It's like don't dabble nothing in your life has ever worked when relationships don't work if you're not committed
 Exercise plans don't work if you're not committed. Why do you expect your business to work if you're not committed?
 And is it worth it? I think absolutely yes
 for sure
 Man, I'm excited. I'm excited for people to go through this like I still remember back
 Man 20 years ago when I first started learning these things like when I did like making my potato gun
 It was like the most fascinating thing that products I was like learning the stuff and putting together my first course
 And then you did it over and over again
 I think the the best part is watching people kind of do it for the first time or do it like the right this time
 I tried to pass didn't work but like doing it correctly and getting a hose along the way every single every single step is
 And I think the best way to look at it is sometimes
 I'm watching this with people and it's so amazing. I've been doing this for so long
 But now you know you get 25 years under your belt. You just know what people are thinking and when I always tell people is don't have a goal
 It's kind of a John would think don't have a goal of your first sale or the hundred grand a month
 Have a goal to be the best version of you have the goal to learn from people who care
 You know like and trust but have the depth and breadth they're Tony words, right?
 He's like somebody who are telling you what to do and they never actually did it find someone with a depth and breadth
 They've already done what you want to do
 Model them learn from them and then burn the boats. That's Tony's line burn
 You want to take the island burn the boats like when you put the ingredients of like they've already done it
 They're willing to share. Here's the blueprint. I'm going all in. I'd love to make it more complicated
 But that's the you said you said you've never seen a skeptic
 Who was successful neither of I?
 But I've never met someone successful that didn't follow that plan. I learned from here
 I I take my own plan and I take uncomfortable action and I go all in that's the ingredients
 Of people the work and the last thing I want to say I had a great interview the other day
 On a podcast and she said she's awesome
 She said so many of the girls that I work with they just don't know where to start
 And I think the answer to that is what you do so well with funnels Russell
 That's why you've done so well is I had an I don't have a piece of paper
 I wish I did but so many times if we said hey the housing markets booming where you live
 Let's go into housing business. Okay, and I handed you a blank piece of paper and a pen and I said hey
 Draw the plans of the first house and then we'll build it like
 Okay, do I do like a centimeter to a foot or is an inch to a foot and do I do a peak roof?
 I can't I can't build houses yet, right?
 But what if I said I've been building houses for 25 years. Here's my three best blueprints
 Which one do you want which one do you want you picked out?
 Okay now just make some subtle adjustments that fit the house you want to build but we know that house works
 We know it sells we know people love it. We've been building for 60 years between us
 Then all of a sudden that fear of starting the overwhelm of starting the not knowing where to start goes away
 But so many people are going to watch this today and go I want to do it
 Let me figure it out
 And I think the world's moving too fast for it to figure out for us to figure it out on our own
 That's why we we love doing these challenges why we like creating programs and getting people enrolled so we can change their life
 All right, so this is time now. There's called action for everybody first off if you're not in the challenge get in the challenge
 There'll be linked down below time to thrive times are correctly. We're gonna teach you guys how to thrive is gonna be amazing
 Be part of the challenge again. I recommend upgrading becoming VIP
 At the end of it and again depending when you're watching this video
 There'll be linked down below also when the when the actual project next course is live
 This is project next thrive edition when it's live. I'll be linked down below for that as well and
 I'm gonna tell I'm talking about my bonus skin real quick and then you can go and kind of talk about course. Yeah, so
 again
 as you guys know, I bought Dan Kennedy's company about a year ago right now, it's just crazy and
 After I bought it all the old Dan Kennedy people started messaging me and one of them was Ben settled
 Some of you has no Ben settle and Ben told me he was like dude
 He's like you have the rights to the seven figure academy course. I was like, I've never heard of that course
 He's like it's the best one ever. He's like I was stuck at um, he's like I could never break a million dollars a year for like a decade
 He's like I got close. I can never break it never break it and it's like I bought that course went through it
 And he's like that was the thing that got me past a million dollar mark and he started sharing all these
 Intricate like all the things like it was because he taught me this and this and this and I was like
 I'd read her Dan talk about stuff before so I would I started freaking out trying to find the course
 It wasn't online. It's not for sell anywhere. I went back through all the hard drives we got when we bought the company and I found it
 It was a live event. I have all the recordings of it and it is insanely good
 I went through it afterwards because I was like then's going this crazy about it's got to be amazing went through it
 It was the event they sold it was five thousand dollars to take it back in the day
 Um, it's a course that will probably uh rebrand start selling in the future at least a thousand bucks
 Maybe even two depending on how we package it but right now, um, it's on my hard drive
 I'm the one person that has it and then settle apparently only two people have it is really really good
 So, um, what I'm doing is we're gonna give you that as a gift for anybody who gets in a project next through our link
 Which will be on the page down below you get in there
 Um, I will send you that thousand two thousand dollar course service for free and it's all about information products
 So it's kind of taking a lot of what you're doing with getting people to first sell getting them in the first course
 All kind of stuff and this is how do we get it to the seven figure mark?
 So it's taking it's taking them from where they are to where they want to be
 Um, and you guys really love it like it's really like it's like Dan and his prime when he was like anyway
 It's it's really cool. So that'll be the bonus I get but you want to talk about kind of the the elements what's inside project next
 So they know like this is what we're getting at first off
 If you haven't gone to the challenge that you haven't registered definitely go to the challenge even if you feel your advanced
 You know Russell's you're gonna speak but you always get something out of our courses. Jenna got something
 Lewis house shifted his business on how he sells because of the first kbb course
 So it's designed for new people or people not getting the scale that they want
 But if you're in the game, you kind of probably want the bonuses because the bonuses are more something that I'd give to Russell
 Right. So we have the straight line of new urban dabbling and then the bonuses are forever
 And so the courses project next it's a full immersion six module course with tony and i and some special guests
 That is your immersion and this is tony's philosophy. You must immerse yourself
 You want to learn the language go to a different city and figure it out. That's how you immerse yourself
 So the course is immersion but as tony always says you never anchor like a language
 You don't anchor it unless you have repetition
 So we're gonna go live every week for six weeks with me and my coaches right in here to walk through the course
 Anchor it in and give you the uncomfortable action steps
 Our whole goal is to get you up and we'd love to get your first sale before we go to the world summit
 Right. So that's our goal course six weeks immersion
 And then the next thing is mastery right so the live event we're doing a three day world summit last year
 We was unbelievable. I think we had 18 000 people last year tony and myself russell so many great guests
 Um, and we make it mastery. I mean, that's where it all comes together
 So you get all three of those and we didn't even include the ticket year one for two thousand dollars
 Oh, wow, so I didn't know they get a ticket to the world summit. They get the six weeks
 And plus you get access to mastermind.com which we call our implementation tool
 It's where you get up and running really fast to get your first sale. So all that comes together the first two years. I don't know
 40 000 people paid two grand and it didn't have a ticket this year tony's like make it more affordable people need it
 Um, so it's cut in half. It's $997 this year and you get all of that
 So it'd be crazy not to depending now you might be thinking oh my god
 Even do the challenge yet, but you know it's coming
 Smash that button when you can and if it's already live and and
 Russell knows this is why he's got so much integrity when this challenge is over
 All the bonuses go away like we'll still offer it
 But you don't get all the pieces the live interaction the ticket to the live event all that that's that's what we're doing just this week
 So when the launch is over you could buy a separate ticket and a separate coaching session and a separate
 But this is it's like we want everybody to do it now all the car. It's like a buffet, right?
 Right? Yeah, that's awesome. Well, then you need something to hang out in your office and this is awesome. It's so much fun
 I always get new ideas and new things going when we talk which I appreciate
 Hopefully all you guys enjoy it as well if you did please share us podcasts with the people and
 I can't with the challenge man. I'm gonna jump in
 I'll be participating every single day because there's not been a time I've listened to you or to tony that I didn't pick up something
 New so i'm gonna be there as well hanging out and hopefully you guys all be there with us and uh, I guess that's it. Thanks man. Appreciate you
 Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to facebook
 Instagram or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like this episode and what you like to hear in the future
 That'll help me to know what to create for you. Also dan kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever
 Designed to help you make maximum money in minimum time
 This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of pure money making information for free just for saying maybe
 You can get this gift from dan and for me right now at no bsletter.com
 Not only you're gonna get the $20,000 gift you also need a subscription to two marketing newsletters
 You'll be hand delivered by the millman to your millbox each and every month one from dan kenny and one for me
 To get this gift and your subscription go to no bsletter.com right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
