 What's up, everybody? It's Russell Brunson. Welcome to marketing in your car. No wait. It's marketing seekers now. Welcome to the marketing seekers podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable.
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone, you get 300 plus episodes of calling a marketing car sometimes it's hard to break the pattern, but
 And we hope you guys are amazing today
 Heading in we've got operation underground railroad coming in today. We're still working on the documentary and
 Some of cool things it's those of you guys are gonna be fun like you live. We're actually gonna be showing this documentary we're building with them
 Which is super cool, and I think you're gonna love it
 And then we're gonna help save tons of kids, which is awesome. So good things happening on that front
 and
 today I want to jump in because
 So they kind of cool happen so we had our fat event last week
 Which first fat event was about a year ago and I taught it fat as FHA T funnel hack a thong
 That's the acronym
 So we thought we'd just shorten call it fat event every calls that the F had event and their everyone's confused what it is
 That's what it is. It's the funnel hack found F-8 AT anyway, so the first one I taught three days
 It was awesome. I think people liked it. I thought was good
 Right before fun hiking live last year, which is kind of dumb
 And then and then we've done it
 I think five times we did it after that and Steven started teaching
 First start half of it and then more of it and then the majority of it and we did our last one
 It's kind of sad we may bring back who knows but we did the last one officially last week
 and it was really cool and it's fun because
 I see them in teaching at each time he teaches gets better at it
 But three weeks ago he officially ended his his job here at ClickFunnels and went out on his journey as an entrepreneur
 And he took all the stuff that we do in the fat event talk about the fat event
 He launched his webinar
 He's made like a hundred K the first three weeks and it's like oh my gosh this stuff actually works who knew this whole time
 And it was fun as this fat event
 This is after he had a chance to go and kind of do all this stuff
 And so now he like his his belief levels there before but I was like 10 times better
 And it was crazy watching on stage like super impressed
 In fact, I was gonna listen for like five or ten minutes
 That's big project I needed to do and he started to speak and then I said I started listening and I was like
 Dang this is good. So I sat down I just sat there and I listen for like over an hour
 And it was cool
 It was cool here to take a lot of the principles and stuff that I would talk about and doc come secrets and experts secrets
 And then like we've been together but then taking his spin on like how did how did um
 You know, how did he have to think through this when he was creating his offer and his thing like that and one thing
 He said that was just really really cool and it's it's not different than then we talk about the extra secrets book
 I've talked about you guys, but it was just a different lens and because that it was so so so cool
 So if you've read expert secrets, um, you haven't you're insane go go buy it
 I spent a decade of my life learning this stuff to give it to you for free go to expert secrets.com
 But if you have ready member that talked about
 Should initially that there's three markets. There's health wealth and relationships, right?
 And every time I said people like no, there's other things like what about this like what about razors?
 And he actually brought that up as a thing like razors like well why do people buy razors?
 Like what's the really the reason you think about like they're shaming because like I want to look good
 So I can get a girl
 Relationships, right? So it's in the relationship market like works for everything is fit somewhere in those things, right?
 And so you fit that's that's the the the core markets, right?
 And if you think about like back in the day whoever was first in the core market
 It's probably one dude right the top the taught health
 And he was like the weight loss guy and everyone gave him money because he was amazing and then someone else was like wait a minute
 I don't lose weight - maybe I should jump into health and they jumped in and then this blue ocean that of a market became this red
 Bloody ocean was tons of people and and and so then the evolution of markets started happening
 So we got health wealth and relationships and they evolved to a niche or
 Submarkage excuse me. Yeah, sorry. It's been a while. It's never in my own book to a sub market, right?
 So let's say inside of inside of wealth. It's not just like I'm teaching you become wealthy
 There's like that's these submark in sight like well, there's real estate you can be used to become wealthy there is
 Internet marketing become wealthy there's stocks there's and there's all these sub markets within there, right?
 Initially whoever broke out in the sub market like blue ocean boom all the mice are happening
 But then some other guys like well, I know stocks too. Maybe I should jump in and teach this stuff
 Maybe I should create software that does this or whatever right?
 And so those red oceans start becoming
 Or see those blue oceans start becoming bloody and red again and it gets harder and harder and more competition
 And so that's the market you guys are in today and so you can come in and jump into red ocean
 The problem is that you're competing for for people's attention for the same kind of thing
 And it's just as difficult and so the next phase of that is then coming down to the third level
 Which is the niches you develop your own you create your own niche and I purposely don't say don't find your own
 It's just finding your niche means you're jumping into red ocean, but you're developing you're creating your own niche within this this ecosystem, right?
 One thing he said that was so cool, and I want to come back he said
 He said your niche needs to come out of a red bloody ocean
 Okay, so he says if you don't know what your red ocean is that you are that you are breaking out of
 Then you're not doing it right like you didn't pick the right thing. So for example, let's say it's this example of
 Relationships, you know health wealth and relationships
 Shaving the shaving now is a bloody thing right? There's all these thousands of people said shavers and shavers and stuff
 And so like you need to know like that's the bloody market and then your goal is you're building your business to look at that bloody
 Red market and then you're gonna be actually throwing rocks and then throwing stones at them
 This is how you separate and become this unique different thing you have to be able to
 See the sub market the red bloody ocean and throw rocks at it
 So if you're in the shaving market and you're looking like man, this is the bloody market
 How do I how do I create something new create a new niche that gives me the ability to throw rocks at the ready or the red bloody ocean?
 right
 And so you talked about some examples one is like dollar beard club
 Oh like you shave like all you're more on like Roman don't shave and like now they can throw rocks at the red bloody ocean that they are
 They are they are breaking off of right
 Think about this like I've seen this in the last year right with stocks like so there's wealth right and inside of wealth
 There's like the stock markets and then inside stock now. There's this magic thing that's become a sexy exciting called cryptos
 Right. So why like cryptos people have crypto offers have to go back to the red bloody ocean of stock investing things like that
 And then to throw rocks at the current v like the red ocean everyone else is in they're fighting in you have to throw rocks at it
 And that's what separates you and creates your blue ocean
 Now cryptos become bloody right so now it's like if cryptos is the bloody red ocean
 Like what is the thing that I got that I can look back at that the crypto red ocean
 And I can throw rocks at this like everyone's doing cryptos this way and this is wrong
 This is bad. This is you throw rocks at and then boom that creates the separation for boom your new blue ocean
 And I thought it was really unique. I never thought about it
 In that way that you have to identify the red ocean that you are building that you're that you are coming off of to build your new opportunity
 So you got to find that and then you have to throw rocks at the red ocean and that's how you create that separation
 That that creates your blue ocean and it's just fascinating
 So if you've got a business right now and and I was actually what which one three markets your health wealth relationships
 You gotta tell me that number two then from there what's some market even I'm an internet marketing. I'm in stocks
 I'm in real estate. I mean whatever okay you figure out that then it's like okay now you figure that out
 What are you doing to throw rocks at that to break separation to create your blue ocean?
 Oh
 You guys getting this doesn't make a sense to you guys if not let's do it again. It's huge
 It's a big even for me. It was like a big like light bulb in my head
 So thank you Stephen for explaining it that way again same framework
 But looking through it someone else's lens is fascinating the different tips and ideas you get
 Um against it's not different. It's still three markets some market niche, but now it's like
 How do you create that niche is coming back to the red ocean?
 Identifying it throwing rocks create and separation and boom that creates your actual blue ocean
 Um, it gives you all the things you need for your sales pitch for the for you launching and introducing your new opportunity
 All those things come out of that magic. So hope that helps. Um, I said super cool. I loved it
 There's something more good like so much more gold. He was dropping in there. It was amazing
 Um, but yeah, it was really cool to see someone else teach a lot of your principles through a different lens like oh so fascinating
 So as I I told that I was like, I enjoy you teaching a lot better than I have ever taught it
 So that's awesome
 Anyway, so hope that helps you guys figure out your your three core markets
 Which when you're in figure your sub market find that red bloodie sub market that the money's already in the customers are in
 That's the other thing like if a lot of times people build these businesses and they launch and there's no customers like
 Find a red bloody market. There's tons and tons and tons and tons of customers already there
 All like the more competitive the better
 And that's where you create your separation you think it's this like you're going back to those uh to those red bloody oceans
 To get those customers to come to you. That's like how do I get traffic?
 You identify that red bloody ocean where all the traffic's at and then you jump in front of them
 You're like hey and you throw rocks at the red ocean. They're currently swimming in they're like
 Oh my gosh. She's right. Boom and that's what brings them to your new opportunity to your blue ocean
 Huh so cool so amazing and hope it helps you guys. I'm gonna go uh work today get things prepped for operation
 I've got a railroad uh maintenance happening appreciate you all and uh if you got anything from this
 Please go to iTunes leave a comment and or share this with your friends family members and other people who you think this would help
 They see you guys appreciate you all and we'll talk soon. Bye
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books
 Book number one is called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert seekers.com
 And book number two is called dot com secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets dot com inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-vc back sass startup company in the world
 [APPLAUSE]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
