 Hey, what's up everybody? We're back to Q&A's here on the marketing seekers podcast.
 The question for today's episode again came from the econ versus expert smackdown with
 Allison Prince and I. And during that event, we asked a bunch of questions and you guys
 are we opened it up for questions and you guys asked them and we were gave answers.
 So this next one was about how do you make time for, you know, if you have a busy life,
 like how many of us have a busy life? You got family, you got work, you all these things
 like how do you do business and family and church and all the things like how do you
 juggle all the things and don't go crazy. So that is the question for today and both
 Allison and I attacked him this morning to give you some answers and hopefully we'll help.
 Again, they're not something that will floss out or perfect. I'm definitely not maybe Allison
 is. She probably is, but something that I've been learning and I've been, you know, that I've
 had to do to be able to to try to do all the things, right? We always want to have it all like,
 I don't have a business and a family and and my church responsibilities and I want to read books
 and I want to have fun and I want to like all the things. How do you do it all? Let's hope this
 question will help answer the way that Allison and I look at things and hopefully it'll give you
 a nugget or two to help you on your journey as well. So that said, we're in Cute. The things song,
 we come back, you have a chance to hear Allison and I talking about how in the world we make time
 for family and business and church and all the things at the same time.
 So the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital
 for spending money from our own pockets? How do we market in a way that lets us get our products
 and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson
 and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Another question from Kathy that we pulled off. She says, "I have loved every moment of this event
 so far. I have an extremely busy family that is always on the go with work, family life and church.
 I want to ask how you manage to have time for your business and your family."
 Good question. We can both probably answer this really well. My life right now, just she has her
 fully wears, insanely busy too. I'm in the middle wrestling season. I'm one of my kids wrestling
 coaches. So every single day at 2.30 besides yesterday, but today I'm leaving as well. I pack
 up everything I run and from 2.30 till 6.30 I'm at the gym with my kids wrestling. That on top of
 running ClickFunnels and magnetic marketing and marketing secrets and my church calling.
 So I get it. Life is busy. I've got five kids and there's also soccer games and all the other
 things. So the biggest thing, it comes down to a couple things. Number one is prioritizing
 your calendar. Where do things actually fit in? Number two is becoming really good at being present.
 I am here and I am present. I'm 100% with you guys. I'm not over here on wrestling practice right
 now or my family or my family. I'm here 100%. I'm going to go home. I'm with my family 100%.
 I'm at my office. I'm 100%. Most people are splitting their brain power between five different
 things. They're at work, but they're also like, "For you about this over here," and they're not
 being present. For me, it's like, "I have my calendar. I still get it." For me, I have to get
 up earlier. I get everything done, especially during the wrestling season. It's really hard
 for me. So I get up between five and seven depending on what need to get done. So that time's
 there. It's blocked out and it's usually the writing time I need to write during this time.
 And then from seven to eight thirty, that's when I'm waking my kids up. I'm driving to school and I
 want to be the dad who drives my kids to school. So that time it's like, "Computer's off. Everything's
 off." And I'm in the car driving kids back and forth because I have kids in every school. They
 don't all go the same school. So it's like back and forth and back and forth and back and forth.
 And then I get done. I got 30-minute shower and then boom at the office. And from this time,
 this time I'm work mode. I'm doing work. I'm getting work done. And it's like,
 I'm able to be present in that moment. I think for most people, it's like, it's figuring out. I
 got to schedule the time where it's not going to happen. I know the time my wife and I have like,
 this is the time my wife and I have to spend together and it's blocked out of schedule. I'm present
 when I'm there as much as I can. And I'm not perfect with this. I would be lying if I was like,
 "Oh, I'm flawless." But I try to do it that way where I figure out in Google Calendar that I block
 out, "This is when this happens, this happens, this happens." And in those windows, I try to be
 100% present at the thing. And so I can get the work done. And if you think about this,
 this a couple times a year this happens where my wife and I are flying somewhere, flying to Hawaii
 for a family trip or something. I go like, "A two hour window in the morning you get work done."
 And when I come in and for two hours, I go as fast as I can, I get more done in a two hour window
 than typically I'll get done in an eight hour day. Why? It's because there's time that's compressed
 and I'm present. And so for me, it's like, I got to relive my life that way all the time so I can
 get everything done. I'm trying to get done. So it's like compressed time being present and you
 get so much more done than you ever believe. So that's kind of my hacks.
 That's so good. So I call them power hours. And it is. It's putting that limited time and you get
 so much more done in there. But think of it this way too. We're both super busy, right? We understand
 it. And so this program is actually designed for busy people because if we can teach you how to do
 this when you're busy, imagine what's going to happen when it's not busy. And so we didn't design
 this to go slow to, I don't know, dawdle around. Like we design this for busy people. And we show
 you, I talk about power hours all the time and how to set them and make them like I think of it.
 Like when I go to, when I schedule a hair appointment, you probably don't have this problem. But when I
 schedule a hair appointment, I will not miss that hair appointment for anything. If I have a broken
 leg, I'm starting to show up because it takes two to three months to get in. And if we can treat
 those power hours like that, then that's when magic happens. And so again, we teach you how to
 do it on a busy schedule so that you can make this happen. We help you to build those habits that
 keep you going over and over and over again. Thank you for listening to the marketing secrets
 podcast. If you've loved this episode, then please take a screenshot on your phone and post it to
 Facebook, Instagram, or wherever you post stuff and be sure to tag me and let me know why you like
 this episode and what you like to hear in the future. That'll help me to know what to create for
 you. Also, Dan Kenny and I would love to give you the most incredible free gift ever. Designed to
 help you make maximum money in minimum time. This free gift comes with almost $20,000 worth of
 pure money making information for free just for saying maybe. You can get this gift from Dan and
 for me right now at nobsletter.com. Not only are you going to get the $20,000 gift, you also need a
 subscription to two marketing newsletters. You'll be hand delivered by the Millman to your mailbox
 each and every month, one from Dan Kennedy and one from me. To get this gift and your subscription,
 go to nobsletter.com right now.
