 Hey, what's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to marketing seekers podcast so today
 I want to talk about a whole bunch of cool stuff. I'm talking about Tony Robbins upw frameworks teaching stories
 The one chip challenge and a whole bunch more
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 Hey everyone hope you guys are awesome, so I'm recording this as
 Tony Robbins is about to start day number two of only ship power thin and those who don't know this for about
 At least power thin is Tony's big flagship event that I've been to twice by myself
 let's spend to it twice and I was excited something to take my kids to it
 But we haven't been able to because of the coronavirus so they're doing virtual and the live that you have a chance to walk across fire
 But if the virtual one they don't obviously have the firewalk so that's kind of sad, but we got to do breaking boards
 So that's what's happening today
 That's kind of where in the timeline of the world I'm at but first I want to tell you guys about something horrible that I experienced so
 This is some of the best marketing ever, but probably the worst experiences of my life
 One of my friends called me up when I trained her and he said hey do you want to do the one-chip challenge?
 I'm like what's that?
 It's like it's this chip that comes in a box
 It looks like a coffin and it's the hottest chip in the world and you try to eat it and I was like heck
 Yeah, and so he bought him for me and for Dave and for our kids and for everyone so
 They actually the night before UPW they all came over and we did the one chip challenge
 And so you throw this chip in your mouth you chew it up and then you try to see how long you can not drink water for
 So of the four people that did it I was down the fastest
 I was in less I think it was a minute thirty when I was like about to die
 and I'd eat water, but it burns the next like
 It burns bad if like thirty minutes Dave made it for ten minutes that taking any water
 Jackson did it for the longest he was a little over ten minutes down
 My son did it did it for like three minutes
 So I was by far the worst and it hurts so bad, but what was even worse is not only to hurt going in after it was in my body
 It hurt so bad for like probably 45 minutes or so
 I was gonna die and then I went into the bathroom and I puked probably about 20 times
 Which was like the greatest gift in the world. It felt so good to get it out of me
 Anyway, so it was amazing marking thing. Let's say so one chip for like eight bucks comes in a coffin
 It's this big contest is viral thing where everyone tries to do it
 They post their pictures and their videos online and it's this horrible horrible experience
 And then on the backside of it they sell their bags of chip, which is hot, but not as hot as the crazy one
 So you added chance to participate in that and it was horrible
 We survived it and the next day was UPW and I was so excited because I'm like
 When I first I went to be up
 You might twins were probably like three years old and I remember thinking like someday when they're when they're
 Teenagers I want to bring them to it and have them experience this because like imagine how different your life would be if you experience this up from
 It's funny because in your head you give this picture what it's gonna look like, you know and your kids gonna be there taking notes loving it and
 The actual reality suggested was a 15 hour day and I gotta give to they lasted for six hours six hours
 watching it and then
 They you could tell it was pretty tough when they're like ready to be done
 And so they we let them leave and then they came back
 We had the board break with them at night, which was really fun
 And then I think today they're taking off so but they got some of it in but it's just all those things where in your head
 You have this visualization of what's gonna look like and how amazing it's gonna be and how excited and
 Anyway, well this thing that was a little frustrated last night. I'm just like I'm one of my kids experiences
 They kind of experience a little bit of it, but
 Anyway, maybe they're not old enough yet. Maybe
 I don't know
 It's hard being a parent's hard because they have these things in your mind
 You want to do for your kids you want them experienced you want to help them like all these things like if I could give someone
 Give me this and this and this these tools ahead of time like I'd be so much more successful today and
 It's tough when I don't know I've probably been the same way when I was there age so anyway
 Someday maybe when they're like 30 they're gonna listen to podcast up some day. Oh my dad actually didn't really care about me
 Wasn't just frustrating. He really wanted me to learn something
 Anyway, all right, so let me let me change subjects not subjects, but the reason I wanted this podcast so
 I've talked a lot about
 Creating your own frameworks. I'm glad about telling stories about teaching all sorts of stuff like that
 So yesterday was really fun at upw started. I took out my notebook
 And as Tony was teaching and he taught 15 hours yesterday
 So it's a long long sessions, right?
 There's his teaching
 I noticed he started teaching different frameworks
 And so as he started teaching each framework I started writing him down and from yesterday alone
 I probably missed some but I got one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen
 13 frameworks the Tony taught in 15 hours
 So basically he was averaging me like one framework per hour and if you watch Tony
 He gets up there with no notes no slides no nothing
 He starts teaching and then when he when he starts into a framework his team will throw up slides and slides are usually like
 They have a title right so like the first framework he talked about was three levels of mastery and it's like one two three
 Now it's his framework
 So he starts getting close to three levels of mastery his team throws up a slide
 Then he's got part one or your step one step two to three
 If you notice the way he teaches that he's got a story for each thing for the story for step one story for step two
 Story for step three and so he tells all the stories around this framework and takes like an hour then he shifts to the second
 framework which the second one was the three mandates of leadership and as he starts getting into that topic the his team throws
 The slides up has got three mandates one two and three so he teaches number one tells a story about it
 He's number two tells a story teach number three tells a story boom you're now
 We're in and he's like next framework success cycle right he never calls him frameworks
 But if you watch what he's doing that's all he's literally doing is just he has a framework that he throws up
 And he tells much stories to teach the concept of the framework
 So here's the frameworks I got yesterday and again
 I may have missed some but the three levels of mastery the three mandates of leadership the success cycle the three decisions that change life
 The three patterns of fear fear or focus of meaning the two primary fears the three ways to grow business the two master skills three forces of creation
 The three chunks of practical psychology the three things that cause suffering uh the triad the three moulders
 Moulders of meaning meaning and the six human needs okay, so those are the all the frameworks he taught on day number one at upw
 Tony is taught upw
 um, I don't know four five six times a year every year for like 40 years
 And so what's interesting is that I went to upw the first time like 12 or 13 years ago and guess what's interesting
 These are the same frameworks he taught then most of the stories were the same stories
 Okay, so tony can go to upw and i'm sure he plans and prepares but he doesn't really have to he just shows up
 He's like, okay, here's my what I say my my 15 frameworks
 I'm gonna be teaching or day number one and so he gets up there welcomes every star telling stories and he's like
 Okay, I know the very first one's gonna be three levels of mastery
 So we started talking about mastery teams to the pops up slides
 He sees the things all three levels of mastery step number one teaches the thing step number two tells the story
 It's seven or three tells the story okay, and then goes the next one next when he's just got a process
 He just goes through all these frameworks and that's day number one epw
 Right and day number two again. I'm taking notes. Yep. I'm sure day number two is the same thing like here's the here's the 22 frameworks recovering
 Day three here's the 13 frameworks recovering day number four. Here's the 12 frame frameworks recovering
 Right, it's just these frameworks and then how do you do it for 15 hours use tell stories and every single step of the framework
 Okay, and notice these frameworks aren't insanely complex, right?
 I think sometimes people hear me talk about frameworks and like well, Russell your perfect webinar is intense like yeah
 I know how to write a whole book to explain it
 You expert secrets book is my whole framework on the perfect webinar, right?
 But it's like you don't have to have complex frameworks listen tonies the three levels of mastery the three mandates of leadership
 The three decisions to change life the three patterns of focus the three prime or two primary fears the three ways to grow business
 The two masters get like they're all like a thing. They're all finite
 They're three things two things the biggest one is the six human needs which is the six things everything else is your three or two
 um steps
 Right be each one of our framework and then as he teaches them again
 It's not this huge complex things like here's the framework the three levels of mastery step number one right says what it is
 Number two tells the story helps illustrate this point
 And then probably share a success story to to tie it back in right? It's very similar to my my framework and how to teach a framework
 Right and so you look at that like this is the concept. This is what he does
 He goes like how does 20 robins teach a 50 hour seminar in a weekend
 This is it he wrote down probably 50 frameworks and he breaks down over four days
 How does he teach date with destiny his second one is five days?
 Okay, it's the next set of frameworks. How does he teach life mastery? It's the next set of frameworks
 How does he teach business mastery? It's his business frameworks. How does he teach wealth mastery? It's his investing frameworks?
 How does he teach right that's it and so for you guys, I hope you're starting to get this right
 We keep talking about this like what are your frameworks?
 You need to start creating your frameworks and get them proprietary names, right?
 So you create your framework for losing weight you're for making money for being successful for running faster for jumping higher for
 Whatever to start creating frameworks, right? And again, they're not super complex
 Right the two primary fears. That's a framework. The three ways to grow business. That's a framework the two master skills
 That's a framework, right?
 Do you have two master skills of jumping the two master skills of stock investing the two master skills of
 How to get bigger biceps the two master skills of getting your calf bigger?
 I don't know whatever it is like you just got to create your frameworks
 Right if you dive deep into like the perfect webinar script
 All I do is the perfect webinars number one you tell your origin story about how you discover the framework
 Then secret number one you reveal the first framework, right?
 Which is the framework about the vehicle so for me my first framework is funnel hacking
 Right, so there's my funnel hacking framework and then secret number two is your
 Is your framework for the internal fear?
 So my my my favorite for internal fears is called funnel cloning if you're scared of making a funnel
 Let me show you clone inside of click funnels. There's my framework for that, right?
 And number three is my external framework
 So for me the external framework is how to get traffic so my the title my third framework is
 My number one traffic hack, right?
 And there's a framework for my number and traffic hacking. Why how do you do it?
 Step one you go to symbol web.com step number two you type in your your domain
 You are out somewhere three you see all the websites they're driving traffic except before he by ads on the same on same websites, right?
 Um
 Anyway, I'm going fast for those who are in my world if you're in my world
 You probably what is he talking about if you go watch my webinar you can you can see my webinar my way rebel are just literally just me teaching my frameworks
 um
 With one minute change and the minute change is that we pull out
 We pull out one step of how we teach them anyway. Ah, that's a whole podcast from the day
 I'm not gonna go into that
 Um, but if you are excited about that
 Depending when you get so much of when this episode will be going live, but during black friday this year
 We are relaunching perfect webinar secrets.com and I just recorded
 Um, a two hour training on how I do my perfect webinar showing this concept of how we will the frameworks in so if you want to go deeper
 Um, you want to understand how to use this for webinars go to perfect webinar secrets.com after Thanksgiving 2020 so whenever
 Depending when you're listening to it, you can get there's gonna be seven bucks and it's super cheap and amazing
 Um, but anyway, I digress I want to share with you guys because this is the secret to being a teacher a guru an expert
 Whatever you want to call it is developing your own frameworks. Um, giving them a proprietary name
 So it becomes your framework, right?
 And then learning how to teach them and teaching is literally like here's three steps
 Let me tell you story about step number one. So we're about number two. So we're about number three
 So it it grains into their brains and their their uh, understanding and then they had to have that tool
 Then that framework they can then look back on and use over and over again. Like I still remember the very first upwa went to
 Uh, 10 12 and how many years ago was but remember going through all this and I didn't realize what he was doing
 I didn't understand their frameworks, but there there were a couple that like really had a big impact on me
 Um
 The ones that the biggest impact on me uh, three mandates of leadership
 I still remember that one to this day
 Because it's like step number one is look at things as they are not worse than they are step and do look at things better than they are
 Step number three work to make them that way, right?
 That's the three demands of leadership. I learned that 12 years ago
 And I still remember to this day because that framework the way he told the stories or whatever it was
 He integrated my brain and I could recycle that 12 years later because I remembered it
 I don't remember all the frameworks, but that one meant something to me
 The other one was to try at the three molars meeting
 I've taught that one a ton of times because that was one that's such a big profound impact on me
 When he taught it, I remember the stories or whatever resonated with me and was like how to get into state and I remember like
 I've used that
 Everyday in my life since then right like it was such a powerful framework
 And the third one that was that still to stay is part of my favorite of all of Tony's teachings is the 60 minutes
 That one had such a profound impact on me and like it was funny
 I watched the video outside even really teaching it and I was like
 God, I've taught this so many times now because that's such a profound impact on me
 But of all these frameworks those were the three that like stuck with me that became part of me
 Right, and that's what I think all of us teachers want
 We want to be able to teach stuff that becomes part of our students that they they understand that they learn and they integrate
 Becomes part of them and so if you Pw for me, I went through this whole thing and those three stuck with me for a decade now
 And this I'm going through again. I'm like, oh, yeah, that's a cool one. I don't remember that one
 Oh, yeah, like I forgot about that one and those things keep coming back
 Okay, a few such crazy frameworks and sometimes you're like I got a new framework new frameworks
 Like Tony hasn't been creating new frameworks. These are frameworks
 This like literally these are the same framework
 I'll probably go back to my notebook from 12 years ago the first upw
 I went to these are the same ones to top them
 The same one's nothing different right some of the stories might be a little different but most from Warren
 In fact, it's funny. There's this one story tells and uh, cleats like oh, this is the red square story
 And I was like what and then also he gets into it and I was like, oh, yeah, I remember that story and yeah
 It's the same story from 15 years ago, right?
 um, and so it becomes really really cool when you start looking at that way, right like um
 If you think about this like I
 Like my two comical live event or any of the events that I've done consistently
 Um, I could I could show up and teach them without any advanced notice needed right?
 I have my frameworks. I know stories. I just teach them and I'm good to go in fact if you look at
 Most of the stuff I do nowadays
 It's interesting because like the dot-com secrets book like I was on the road teaching those principles for a decade before I wrote the book
 right and so like the value ladder is on my frameworks and um
 Uh, like all these things right or like my frameworks that I taught forever
 I know the stories behind them. I know it's where I'm gonna tell them like um if I tell when I when I tell the
 The value ladder of framework, like I still tell the same story about my dentist and getting a postcard and showing up beginning my teeth clean
 And he's like all your teeth are yellow. I'm like did you drink coffee? No, I don't know
 We were on my tooth whitening yet like I know the stories right like
 I'm so many times over and over and over and over again
 So I can show up and say hey the framework someone needs is the value ladder
 And what's driving you to tell I just pulled out of my pocket because I've told that story a million times
 I know exactly where it goes how it fits and it's easy right and that's the key
 Um, I did a podcast a couple weeks ago that that was kind of their distinction on top of this
 We talked about publishing
 You know for years I told them just you got to publish every single day for a year and you'll be successful and like the big realization that
 Um, they got from from uh from David Woodward actually son park or was that it's not just publishing to publish is publishing around your framework
 right you're telling stories and showing examples and you're talking about the
 practical examples of your your framework and so you guys just understanding that like you got to create these frameworks these frameworks become the
 Foundation of everything it's the foundation of your content the foundation of your of of your courses your seminars your events your products your
 YouTube videos like like these things that weave in and out over and over and over and over and over again
 and so
 Anyway, I just wanted to uh to kind of
 I don't know just to keep just keep your own deep on this
 What are your frameworks?
 They start developing them and start watching as you as you go and you start learning from other people like take notes like look at
 Again, I just my all my notes this time. We're just writing down the names of Tony's frameworks
 Like I just wanted to see him written out
 Right and so like when you watch me teach or Tony or anyone who who's an amazing teacher
 Go watch and notice notice how they use their frameworks
 Um over and over and over and over again
 Um, anyway, hope that helps
 Uh
 Without such time it's time to end this podcast if you guys will go sit down and figure out a framework
 Make one that's easy go make one right now like um again at two comical live
 Everyone go and make a framework for how to make a
 Peanut butter and jelly sandwich, right?
 Which is a fun one but like what could be your framework make a framework on like how to eat a hot chip
 Right how to win the the one chip challenge or make a framework on
 I give it every your product your services pick something it doesn't be hard right like
 Um just pick something title give it this one proprietary name or to your name
 Have it be the three steps whatever the three levels of whatever the three mandates of the three decisions blank the three patterns of the two primary
 the three ways to the two master of something the three four anyway like like just make it and uh
 And then start teaching it start talking about for sharing it
 Sure framework stories you can tell to to make that framework sticking people's minds better and and be able to bring back and remember and recall
 It um so they can actually use it and integrate into their own lives
 Anyway, hope helps and give you guys a glimpse of how Tony teaches how I teach it and how the grades all do it
 Thanks so much you guys. I appreciate you all for listening and we'll talk to you soon
 Hey, everybody. This is Russell again and really quick. I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now i'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day answering
 Questions um through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, now the phone over you text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me just say hello
 And then what's going to happen is I'll add you to my phone
 And then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to your phone and then we start having conversations
 On top of that through this texting community is where i'm going to be giving you out free swag
 Giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times i'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
