 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast can you tell us carmen today?
 You probably tell us pretty quiet. What is the Jeep you really really know when it's the Tesla?
 You're assuming I'm either just like hanging out or I'm in the Tesla
 So we're the Tesla head downtown is the last day of riding traffic secrets book
 And I got a few minutes to share with you guys some thoughts about
 Things I won't talk about so that said let's keep theme song and I'll be right back
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital?
 We're spending money from our own pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody. I hope you guys are all doing awesome today as I mentioned in the intro
 I'm in the Tesla right now driving downtown
 And today before I am allowed to go to the bed today the the manuscript the first manuscript for the traffic secrets book
 Will be finished which I'm really excited for
 It's supposed to be done on Monday and then it became it was gonna be Tuesday and then Wednesday and then Thursday and Thursday
 And today's Friday so it is getting done and then my wife and kids are heading downtown to Utah this weekend
 So I which is I'm very grateful for
 I wish I could be with them, but I needed oh
 I need the extra time. So I'm killing myself to get the
 The book I said the manuscript would be done tonight and then tomorrow or tonight
 Hopefully I'll start at the very top and I start doing a read-through and start going through and editing such week and stuff
 I've had about five or six people
 That have been going through and reading and then leaving comments on this side inside Google Docs leaving comments
 They're like what about this what about this? This made no sense or this was awesome or I feel like any more context here
 Do you have any story to like like this concept up and so they've been going through following behind me doing all that kind of stuff?
 I also have joy Anderson on my team has been going through doing like editing. So it's been edited and cleaned up
 Format to stuff like that and then the so that's kind of like a color line edit and then there's a concept edit
 So the I said that four or five people going through doing concept editing and adding the remarks in it's now tonight or tomorrow
 I'll start at the very top and I will do now my last edit which is me taking the concept edits
 Weaving them into the weaving them in or deleting them or you're adding taking away whatever I need to do to make sure that all things work
 Good and then at that point
 Joy will follow the one more line edit and then we'll submit section one to the to the publisher on Monday
 And then section two and three on Friday next Friday. So
 It is the end of the end of the time nor procrastination is allowed. I have
 It's it's done. It's it's game time. The other crazy thing is um if you look at the dot com secrets book was 58,000 words
 The expert secrets book was 60,000 and the traffic secrets book as of today so far as 87,000 words
 And probably in close to 9,000 when all said done so it's the third
 Earth's it's a it's 50% bigger than the expert secrets book
 Which is crazy and I hope my publisher doesn't kill me because they told me to write a 250 page book
 But I didn't listen because I had to write till it was done
 It's funny people like well, how long is the book gonna be like how many pages?
 I'm like, I don't know it's gonna it's gonna be as many pages as it needs to be to explain the concepts like that's just how it works
 It's like why I think some people are driving crazy our live events like we need to schedule like now
 We don't do that like why not like because I have no idea how long since he had taken me to teach the session like
 I'm gonna teach till I'm done like I'm coming to sell
 I don't got 90 minutes everything's timed out, you know second by second by second everything I'm gonna say but if I'm coming to teach
 I'm teaching until everybody gets it and sometimes we're gonna go late sometimes we're gonna get done early
 And so yeah, it's just gonna be as long as it needs to be so that's I built this book and it was crazy
 is
 Sumia saw the the mastermind calm launch
 So the the top ten affiliates for that are going to Fiji
 Like a week and week and a day or whatever that is so the cloud I'm jumping on plane to find a Fiji
 Which is I don't know like it hopefully it's a long international flight because
 I'm also rewriting the dot-com secrets next for secrets book over the next two months
 So I'm trying to get the dot-com secrets book rewrites done while I'm on the plane
 I write really long planes so writing it on the plane to Fiji on the plane back getting dot-com secrets rewrites done
 Which should probably add an extra 20,000 words. I got some cool sections
 I want to add in there that think are
 Foundations like essential foundational things that I want to add into dot-com secrets and the same thing expert secrets
 We got some cool updates and additions and things that I think would be really powerful to have in there
 So doing that and I'll give I bought the rights back from those two books from my original publisher
 And I'm giving them or selling them or however that works to new publisher
 So I have all three books if I don't like you live my goals have a box set on stage for everyone to see
 I'm much of that'll be
 If it'll be the done in time
 That's the goal we'll see and then and then the actual launch launch date is
 Cinco Di my oh, which is a long far away, but with a with like a legit publisher
 They make you do things out in in the distance so I'm scrambling now so I can have the book by May 5th
 But it's good. The other thing we're doing is you know
 If you see the dot-com secrets book, but there's we film the brand efficient
 I did this really cool thing where we spent six hours to film literally seven seconds of video
 Where I'm from this wall there's all this stuff taped the wall and like the camera zooms
 It looked like turned out so cool
 And then I became the cover shot for the dot-com secrets book and the next person
 Just book was to picture me on stage. I think I'm gonna change that for the for the new updated version
 And then this book is traffic secret. I need I need an image for that
 So along with the pen house weekend we're staging this huge shot
 We're just gonna be me overlooking Boise with these three monitors with all these traffic graphs on it like the
 We're getting like the crane and the camera like flying and do all these crazy things and I overlooking the city and it's gonna be so cool
 So that's also happening. So I'll have to cover shot done. Hopefully
 By this weekend as well
 Yeah, so a lot of fun things are all happening and I'm excited and pumped and I can't wait, but
 Also, let me just tell you to swear about the book, which I'm sure some of you guys are fascinated by I want to give you some value as well
 And kind of give you a glimpse inside of the book if you guys are okay with that. I'll probably do more of that over the next few
 months just kind of shared different ideas and concepts, but
 It's interesting as I wrote the book like there's three sections right in section number one is really me laying out the foundation for
 Everything else right so it's and he hasn't you know you guys are obviously more advanced than the typical reader
 Because you've been listening to me for the last you know 600 whatever plus episodes hopefully
 But it's really the foundation of like okay
 Who is your dream customer?
 Where those people congregating and then who were the people have already pre congregated them like who's your dream 100 right?
 And so we figure that out and then and so that's the whole first section then teaching you know traffic that you
 That you are the oh, excuse me. Do you have your dream 100?
 Then it's like now do I earn my way into that traffic?
 Then how do I buy my way and so you're earning your way and getting free traffic?
 You're buying your way doing paid ads and then you convert all that traffic from traffic you earn traffic control into traffic that you own
 Which is your own email list right then you have email list of how to do follow up funnels how to follow up all kinds of stuff
 So that's the core foundation of like section one teaches that right again
 I think a lot of you guys know some of those things
 I mean I go in a lot more depth in detail, but that's like the core things is who's your dream customer?
 Where are they congregating who's already congregated them?
 Those your dream 100 then how do we work our way into our dream 100?
 How we buy our way into the dream 100 after we've done that now?
 We convert that traffic from traffic. We earn it traffic. We buy it and we own boom now
 We have a list here's how we follow up the list boom now
 We now we move into section number two. So section number two the book is is called funnel hacking the algorithms
 It starts going into okay. How do we how do we funnel hack?
 Facebook and Instagram and Google and YouTube and podcasting and I just showed five networks
 the two biggest social networks and two biggest search networks and then podcasting because I love podcasting and
 Then I left open I didn't go into every single network on earth
 I didn't go into Twitter and face and and LinkedIn and TikTok and snapchat and all the others
 although I could have the reason why is because in those five chapters later a framework and you know the biggest the most difficult thing
 To be writing this traffic secrets book is I'm writing a book that I want to live for forever
 And be evergreen on the most unevergreen topic of all time which traffic like literally the Facebook ads manager changes every single day
 It's like how do you write a book and take a snapshot in time like this is how it works when tomorrow?
 It's different right and so instead I tried to show a pattern like this is the pattern of how it all works
 How it works over and over and over and over and over again and I show that pattern in the current Facebook currently
 Instagram current Google current YouTube current podcasting but then I'm trying to not just give a man a fish
 Right like a lot of times it's like here's a fish. This is how you do it just copy this process
 But instead I'm trying to teach people how to fish in this book, right?
 So it's like what's the what's the pattern every single time?
 And so if you look at each of these chapters is kind of interesting the first section of chapters like the history like if we want to know
 Where the platform is going we have to know where it came from right?
 It's like like how do Google start and then how do the algorithms change?
 Why do they change?
 What was the purpose behind this one and that one that one because if you understand why Google's making these changes
 And you can start thinking like them and understanding like this is what their goal is what they're trying to do in their intention
 Okay, because you know
 You may be reading this chapter in the book right now and it may have already shifted
 So you need to be able to understand it how to find the history of like what's happening where we're at today
 That's number one is getting a layer out of the of the history of each of the platforms
 And what the end goal is of each platform
 Which is always how do you make the best experience possible for the end user right like Google wants to make sure when you go to Google
 You get the best results Facebook wants to make sure we show up to Facebook that you love the things are in your feed
 Like that's it
 And so it's like that's what they're trying to do
 How do we how do we align with those networks instead of trying to compete against them?
 Which all the spammers and the scammers do how do we align with the wheels of the network?
 And then if we give them what they want they'll give us what we want right?
 So it's like all figuring out that alignment
 Okay, that's number one the number two the next step in the process is always okay now who on the platform has already figured this out
 Okay, who's already identified your dream customers who's already publishing?
 He's getting tons of views and likes and like whatever it is
 It's like let's find those dream 100 and so I tell everyone
 I like you say it's Facebook like go into Facebook unfriend every all your friends and then go follow all your dream 100
 That'll make us your news feed is just like a real-time swipe file of the pulse of your market
 What's happening? You can feel it right as opposed to being distracted by all your friends and your families posting cat cat pictures and such
 Right so you delete everyone just follow your dream 100 now you have your pulse on the market now
 You can feel like what's happening in the marketing what's working today?
 What kind of things are people posting what's getting the most likes and the least like something it gives you the ability to see in real time
 What the algorithms are rewarding? Okay, that's the magic of it. So we go back. We understand the history
 We take snapshot. We're right now then we do our dream 100 on the specific platform and we start watching and observing
 What is being rewarded today and that gives us a snapshot of like, okay?
 This is what's happening how we need to do it. So I have that
 Then the third thing is like okay now based on the snapshot we understand what's happening
 Like how do we build our publishing plan? Okay?
 So we build a publishing plan so we have a show on the network that we're focused on that becomes our show
 Right and then you can leverage that show to earn your way in to other to your dream 100 and then to buy your way into the dream 100
 Okay, and so that's the next set phase of the pattern
 And then you're siphoning off the traffic earning traffic you're buying and converting traffic you own and the last sections
 And how do you how do you go pat and just do paid ads directly on the platform?
 That's the pattern that I show in every single network over and over and over and over again
 And so if you want to sneak peek of the book just that that's it. It's pick a platform
 Looking at the history figuring out like where do they come from?
 What are the algorithm changes that happen? Okay?
 Now we understand okay, this is where this was been happening over the over last decade now
 I'm gonna play this game like now. I know the rules of the game now
 Let me follow my dream 100 what are they currently doing today that's being rewarded by the platforms?
 I mean look at that closely then we start modeling it and then after we model it we start innovating on it for our own show
 boom we create the own show after I have our own show then from there we come back we step back and
 We start figuring how to use our own show to leverage the buyer way into other people shows
 And then how do we buy ads to buy our way into other people shows drive traffic to build your following and also to feel feel your funnels?
 And that's the game my friends
 and it's so much fun and so exciting and
 Yes, it can't wait for you to read this book. So anyway
 It actually should really helpful for me to kind of explain that out loud to you guys as well
 I'm gonna go back and maybe add a little pre-section before section to that explains that better
 I think I explained it very well at the after the section
 I'm gonna plug that into the actual section. I believe so anyway fy
 Thank you guys. Let me share that with you. The last thing I'll tell you is section number three the book is
 called growth hacking and it's fun
 It's we start going to like all these other ninja ways to get traffic that most people aren't thinking about or talking about
 Yet they are responsible for a ton of our traffic. So oh man, I can't wait for you guys
 I hope you enjoy this all it's fun. This whole game is so much fun
 All right, that's like up my friends. I appreciate you all. I'm almost to the penthouse
 I'm actually speaking Stephen Larsen's offer mind on Tuesday and I'm gonna be talking about the same thing
 I'm sure with you guys. I'm gonna go a little deeper into it though. It's making an understanding at a little deeper level
 but I want
 I just wanted to kind of flush it out here a little bit again testing my material here and I'll be sharing it
 I said in the book obviously but his event and for all you guys who are anxiously waiting
 For the book as much as I am I cannot wait to give it to you guys. I can't ever share with you guys
 It's been a labor of love. It's been a lot of work and I hope you guys get a compliment
 So that said appreciate you all thanks for everything and I'll talk to you guys all soon. Bye everybody
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm
 And book number two is called calm secrets and you get your free copy at dot com secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back SaaS startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
