 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast today?
 I've got an experiment for you that I'm pretty sure we'll change your life
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody so if you remember
 Man, this is for the OGs who can listings this podcast for forever
 Probably four or five years ago. I did an episode where I talked about
 I give everyone that challenge I said when somebody asked you how you're doing instead of saying I'm good
 Fine just to like instead is just to change the
 Your your response from I'm fine to I'm awesome
 So I get a girl she's like yeah
 You're like awesome like whoa and then when you start doing that a couple things happen number one
 Everybody you bump into all since like that person's awesome. That feels really good
 I want to be more awesome and it changes them number two is it changes you right half the time all of us in life
 We're going through right home good. I'm good
 And it's like that's a miserable way to live good is the enemy to great
 So instead let's be great. Let's be awesome. Let's be amazing. So somebody asked you how you're doing
 So if thing I'm doing good like tell me you're an amazing you if you're not it's gonna help you get too amazing faster than I'm doing good
 So it's my kids way to challenge like four years ago where everyone's gonna ask them what they're doing
 They have to say amazing and it's funny cuz we have been doing that recently and I forgot
 I still do when I when I go to
 Like restaurants I always do it when like waiter waiters waitress asked me
 I also do it all the time at the airports and anyway, I try to do it
 But I'm gonna bring it back on to my consciousness and make it something I'm gonna try to act to the dude
 so there's a re-wife four years ago, but today I've got a new one for you and
 It's something that I've yet to test it, but I'm pretty sure is gonna change everything for me
 It's more than my wife asked me for a favor and I was like yeah
 I can do that and she left and then as I'm sitting there I was like that was like a really like
 Oh, yeah, I'll do like like I'm doing good like that kind of response. I was like my wife deserves more than that and I was like I was like
 What I'm gonna do is next time she asks for something
 I'm gonna be like yeah
 I can deliver on that and that I started thinking if you guys have heard me do my stage presentation before
 A few years ago I heard James Malanchak do this one some stage and I ripped it off and done it all the time ever since almost as a joke
 But it's really funny where I'll be like you'll be okay if I were to deliver
 You is okay if I if I over deliver as I'm building out my offer stack and that's how it's kind of a funny joke
 Like yes Russell you can over deliver so it's kind of a joke now, but we always do it and it's really fun like
 Make it real quick is okay if I over deliver and so
 In fact half the offices at an hour time like they try to make the offer better
 You know like I'm gonna grab some lunch wait, it's okay if I ever deliver bringing back something to drink
 That always teased me now with it, but
 I tended this because as I was saying there's my wife. I was like, oh, I can deliver on that
 I should tell her like like when she says hey Russell, can you do this thing?
 I should stop and say not only can I deliver on that I believe I could over deliver on that and like
 Say that to me first off. No one thing's gonna happen is it's gonna like change her her response like oh my gosh
 You really just paying attention to me right number one number two
 What that does that reshifts your brain from like oh y'all try to do that thing you asked me to do to
 that like to
 To the next step which like oh, I'm gonna definitely do that thing too
 I gotta freak it over deliver um and blow my wife's mind away because I told her that not only can I deliver
 I'm pretty sure I can over deliver and they just changed my perspective now
 It's like a fun thing for you to do and to actually over deliver think about if we took that frame
 Everything we did like if you have a job right now and your employer asked you to do something
 And instead of being like okay
 If you're like not only can I deliver on that I can over deliver on it and then work to actually over deliver on that thing
 Okay, that is the kind of attitude that that people want to work around right?
 You're gonna get raises you're gonna have more success
 You have more fun you work by shifting that that response to hey can you do the thing for me?
 the same thing happens with um
 Your customers are coming to the customers like hey Russell anyway, you can do this. I'm like not like I deliver on that
 I am pretty sure I'm fairly confident I can over deliver on that it just shifts everything right?
 And so this is my challenge for you. Um, this is the challenge
 I think if you do it for a week will change your life every time somebody asks you to do something for them this week
 Um just like with something they ask you how you're doing and you guys shift from saying i'm doing good to i'm doing awesome
 If you can shift it from yeah, I can do that thing to I can I can definitely deliver to I am fairly certain I can over deliver on that
 I promise you it'll change the outcome of everything you're doing this week
 Um, and it'll probably give you a big enough paradigm shift that you're gonna continue to do it and continue to use this new frame
 With everybody working with so that's my challenge to you do it with your spouse do it with your kids
 Do it with your employer do it with your employees do it with your customers
 Whatever it is go through and make that the focus of the week
 Not only I think I can deliver on that i'm fairly confident I can over deliver and then go and actually do it
 If you that you're gonna blow their minds it's gonna blow your mind you're gonna want more fun doing the task anyway
 So there you go. There's the challenge. Let me know how it goes after you do it
 Come back take a screenshot this posted on instagram or facebook tag me on it use hashtag marketing secrets tag me at russell bronson
 If you're on instagram or at russell bronson live if you're on
 Uh the book of faces and let me know how it went. I want to hear how how it uh how it goes
 So that's the thing she has appreciate you all have an amazing day and i'll talk to you guys all again soon
 Hey, this is russell again and uh really quick i want to thank you so much for listening to the marketing secrets podcast
 I hope you enjoyed this episode and if you did can you imagine what it would be like to experience this for four days with
 5 000 other insane funnel hackers people who are just like you who think like you who believe like you who have vision like you
 If you would like to do that then you need to be at this year's funnel hacking live
 It's coming up very very soon. Uh if you don't have your take a shot you go to funnel hacking live.com
 And it gives you the ability to leave your home
 Leave where you're you're trying to to create and dream and come to a place with a whole bunch of people who think like you who believe like you
 Who see visions like you of what they can create what they can become
 Fun liking live is not just a marketing event. It's not just a personal development event
 It's both those things wrap into one and it is an experience that will change your life forever
 So i'll make sure you get your tickets if you don't have me i go to funnel hacking live.com
 New your tickets. We have sold out five years in a row
 We will sell it this year as well and after you get tickets you will be there with 5 000 other insane crazy fun
 The funnel hackers talking how to grow their business sharing all the best marketing secrets things are working today
 You gotta go get your tickets now at funnel hacking live.com. Thanks so much and i'll see you in nashboo
 (upbeat music)
