 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the mark the secret podcast so excited to be with yesterday
 In fact right now I'm actually on the location in a secret film shoot
 Well, it's a secret now will be secret after the video of life
 Hopefully billions and millions of people will see it
 But some of some really cool ads today and a quick break and thought I would jump on to head you guys
 Last week I was actually up in a mastermind group up in northern Idaho at
 Priest Lake with a bunch of cool guys and I had two big epiphanies two big takeaways
 Two cool things I want to share with you guys about reading the first is so you can actually read more
 So if you want to get more books done
 You got a bunch of books you want to get through or you just got that one book that you're stuck on you can't figure
 out how to get through it
 This helps you to be able to read faster and the second one is to help you actually retain more that way the things you're
 Reading you're actually able to use them and implement them as opposed to just
 Reading just to hear stuff and keep moving on like most people do those are the two things we're gonna talk about when we get back
 from theme song
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so like I said I was up at this match my group up in Northern Idaho a bunch of really cool people there
 But one of my favorite people hanging out with is Alex from Ozzy
 And I had so much fun with him up there
 And I'm not gonna lie part of the reason why I want to tell you this is because it like inflate amount ego
 So I'm gonna take that
 Because it feels good. So I was talking to him and we're talking about books and stuff like that and he looked at me
 And he told me he's like Russell first off. We understand the new hard-bound versions of
 Expert secrets and docum secrets are a million times better than the originals. I was like thanks man
 I appreciate that he's like no no really like he's like I don't think you understand how many times I've read these books
 He's like I don't read a lot of books because that what I do is that I start and I read it and I read it slowly when I get to the end
 I flip it over and I start over again. He's like I read expert secrets. I think you said like nine or ten times
 Since it came out, which is crazy. He said docum secrets by five or six times and traffic secrets the same thing at five or six times
 and
 He said most people they tried to read a lot of books. He said right. He was I tried to read one book a lot of times
 And I thought it was so profound. I think there's this this thought or this belief in society and especially in the
 Entrepreneur world that like you have to read a book a week and stand top and have all the information inside your brain
 But I don't think that's true in fact I remember Stephen Larson
 Funnalacking live two years ago. We talked about that
 So you know you hear all the time that CEO reads a book a week you say the problem is that none of us are CEOs right now
 I said we're entrepreneurs our job is not try to learn this broad vast knowledge about lots of things
 It's to like figure out this one thing like how do I get this business into orbit right?
 That's only thing we should be focusing on and I remember Stephen talking about that said look
 We're not CEOs this point like he's like Russell's maybe a CEO but not even there yet like we're entrepreneurs
 There's a difference we should not be reading a book a week and then when Alex said this he said
 I don't read a lot of books. I read I read a book a lot of times that was like this big takeaway
 I think for so many of us
 You know we try to read a lot of books. I think that if we start shifting our thoughts like Alex's you have more success
 You know and to put in perspective Alex is probably one of if not the fastest growing companies on the ClickFunnels platform right now
 It's insane how much they've done how big they've grown and it comes from reading one book a lot of times
 And then I asked him. I said what's your favorite book of all three and he's like what's your favorite book?
 I told my thing my favorite I think is dot-com secrets like that was my foundational. It's like the funnel world
 He told me like my favorites definitely expert secrets by far. That's his favorite and then I ran a poll on
 on
 ran a poll on
 On Instagram it asked him it's crazy because the most most people liked expert secrets the most
 But expert secrets is one that sells the least of the three books which is interesting
 Dot-com secrets well
 I think traffic secrets are probably end up selling the most because it's the most general
 Dot-com secrets is is probably number two and expert secrets is the hardest to sell
 But that's his favorite and most people who respond to the surveys that expert secrets is their favorite
 Another thing I want to kind of restress is he said that the new updated versions are way better
 Dot-com secrets laid out better. It's more thought through expert secrets
 We went to a whole new level of frameworks and it's a lot more in depth
 So anyway, if you don't have the new updated hardbound versions, this is my
 Challenge to you to go get the new ones. They are that much better. I spent like
 Like they're a lot better. I just
 Trust me on that if you don't have all three if you go to secrets trilogy calm
 You can get the entire box that you can just pay for it once and get the whole box that shipped out to you
 So secrets trilogy calm anyway, so that's the first thing if you want to retain more stuff
 The key is not to read a lot of books
 It's read one book a lot of times
 Okay, again Alex says as soon as he gets to the end of the book he flips it over and starts over
 So that was cool the other side of this. This is not how I give to Alex
 I did this
 Actually, I was reading the traffic secrets books. There are a couple books
 I needed to read out of research because I know there's something in here
 I want to make sure I understand before I finish writing these books, but I didn't know how to
 How to get the stuff in my brain fast enough, you know what I mean?
 I was like I can't sit down and read these books and take forever
 And so instead what we did is I sat down and I took the book and
 And I don't know if you try to speed read before I've taken a lot of speed reading courses
 And I can read pretty fast. I was trying to speed read the book
 I'm like I'm not gonna finish this book. You know, it's hard to keep keep pace of speed reading
 So I got the audio book and put it like 4x speed
 But then I couldn't keep up with things just like going so fast and I had this idea as like what if I did them both at the same time
 What if I if I have the book I listened to the audio version on like 4x speed and then read along with my hands
 It was crazy when I did that I'm able to
 So if you can read away faster, some is reading it to you right so I can cruise through it like with my hand in the book
 But the second thing like if something on audio goes too fast
 I see the words as well and so your brain picks it up more and so I can retain
 And I can understand so much at 4x speed and I'm re listing and reading at the same time
 And I was able to get the like a couple these books. I was trying to get done during my research phase or the entire book in less than 90 minutes
 Which is crazy normally would take me I'm not a fast reader
 So part of me day day and half to get a book like that done and a little over an hour
 It was done like in my head understood it and comprehended it and had it a deep level because I saw it as well
 As hearing it like different like dual modalities, right?
 And so for me right then there's something like I need to get this in my brain
 I have to get through a lot of heavy reading I get the audio and the text and do it together
 In fact to me as I've been geeking out at the shrug
 Which is like a 1600 page book and the first I don't know two or three hundred pages is kind of heavy to get through
 I know I wanted to get through it so I could get to the good stuff
 But I could you know
 So that's exactly what I did on my vacation on the house
 But I had the big old fat book I had my audiobook cranked up to four speed and I was reading it
 You know with inside the book as I was listening to it
 And it got me through the hard part of the book
 They gave me deep into the part where I was like enjoying it loving and I just listened to the book at normal
 Well, like a two and a half speed the rest of the book after I got past the first two or three hundred pages
 And so this is a trick so I told I told her mosey that and then he I told him my favorite book right now
 It's called American Kingpin. He just haven't read it yet. It's so good
 It's my gift to eat right now to go read that book. I told him about that book and this is a big book and
 He jumped on the plane and he downloaded the the Kindle version of the book and then the audible version and by
 On his flight home. He got through the entire book
 Which is a huge book that took me like to through we see it through any message me's like he's like a fish American
 Kingpin that was amazing. I'm like you finish like I saw you like 12 hours ago
 It was like yet was done and he's like I find like he's like I never get through books fast
 You know again, he's one that I told you earlier
 Just flips over keeps reading and the fact that he was able to get that entire book in his brain that fast was pretty cool
 So anyway, I thought those two really cool reading hacks number one is
 Instead of reading a lot of books read one book a lot of times and number two
 Listen to the audio while you read it and then you can go a lot faster
 You can increase its double speed 3x speeds 4x speed and still remember and retain to understand it
 And that way as you're going through it, you can you can really get more information to your brain
 So I hope this two reading hacks help. I hope you get more done
 I hope you get more ideas in your head
 I hope you get through some books and help you really master the the things inside the books that you need to understand and
 Actually learning so that's like I forget for today. I'm gonna go down and finish this video shoot
 We got some funny scenes coming up with Mentos and funnels and Coke and a bunch of other cool stuff
 So you have to wait to see the video. That's gonna be amazing
 All right, appreciate you all. Thanks for listening if you enjoyed this episode
 Please take a screenshot here on your screen and then tag me on it
 @RusselBrunson Instagram and
 And I use hashtag marketing secrets and tell me what book you're either reading
 More than once or and or the book you're listening to with audio
 I love to see what book you with a book she has a reading and for some reason you don't have the box that yet
 Go to seekers children calm give my box that you get the idea books that are well as well
 And then you can go and listen to read at the same time. All right
 Thanks you guys appreciate you all and I'll talk to you all again soon. Bye everybody
 We have decided to do it again. Yes earlier this year
 We did our first ever virtual conference called two comic Club live
 We're over 5,000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing
 So because of that we've decided to do the virtual event just one more time
 And I wanted to invite you and your family to attend for free. This is how it works first
 You can get your ticket at www.twocomiclublive.com
 You're gonna put in your credit card, but we're not gonna charge you anything then you can attend the full three days and learn
 Everything you can from me and from other two comic Club winners and then after the event decide if it's worth it
 If it's not let us know and you won't pay anything
 But if you love it and I'm sure you will then you'll get built after the event is over
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the two comic Club
 So go and get your tickets right now before they are gone go to www.twocomiclublive.com
 Yes, that's www.twocomma
 C-L-U-B-L-I-V-E.com two comic Club live.com
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
