 What's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. All right
 I've got a special treat for you guys over the next 30 days
 One of the biggest requests I get people wanting to know more about traffic
 Which is one of the reasons why I wrote a whole book called traffic secrets, which if you don't have go to traffic secrets.com and get it
 What are you waiting for? Do you hate money that bad anyway? So
 What I wanted to do over the next couple weeks because I've been slammed recently with obviously fun lacking live is happening in less than week
 From the time I'm recording this we've also got inner circles relaunching. We've got a whole bunch of other crazy things like bunch of
 There's lots of happening and so I thought
 Be fun
 I think for you guys to get more traffic stuff and also take a little bit of weight off my shoulders for next couple weeks is to give you
 guys access to eight episodes of me talking about traffic now
 This is something that actually recorded during the pandemic
 When I was in the book launch
 So I had a chance to go deep on a whole bunch of topics from the traffic secrets book
 And so I want to show those with you guys over the next couple weeks
 So that's kind of a game plan
 If you want I would highly recommend getting the traffic secrets book and reading along as we go through the next eight episodes or so
 Because I'm gonna be going deep into each of the sections and the chapters and talking about
 All the principles all things you guys better do to get more traffic into your funnels
 So I hope you enjoy the next few weeks
 Hope you enjoy the traffic secrets episodes if you guys want more info about traffic of course go get the book on top of that
 We also have a traffic secrets podcast these episodes are from that podcast. So hopefully you did make you want to go subscribe to that podcast as well
 Thanks again, you guys. I appreciate you for listening and I hope you enjoy the next eight episodes
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up everybody this is Russell welcome back to
 What are day number three day number three of the the traffic secret series? I'm going live every single day
 For the next I don't know we're in quarantine well as long as we want it's like you guys are having fun
 We'll keep doing this so if you are having fun, please let me know down in the comments big
 This is fun Russell. We should do this more often or if you're like I have better things to do with my day than sitting quarantine and listen to Russell
 Talk about traffic
 Let me know in the comments down below if you have fun because so far I'm enjoying this and
 I'm not gonna like gives me a little bit of break from all the other
 Distresses of all the stuff we do so I'm enjoying it and hopefully as there happens fun as well as you guys know
 Oh, you pull us over here so you can see inside the screen. We are on day number two actually spend in
 Twenty in twenty six minutes. It'll have been 24 hours that the book funnel has been live
 And a lot of you guys since you're all my marketing
 My marketing nerds who I hang out and talk marketing with me
 The funnel is doing insanely well. We are just shy of ten thousand copies
 So I was trying to get ten thousand copies in the first 24 hours
 It's probably gonna be 25 maybe 26 hours for you hit it, but that's still pretty thing good
 To put that perspective the average in New York Times best-selling book only sells ten thousand copies of first week
 So we are ten thousand copies in less than 24 hours, which means this must be a book he isn't interested in it must be a topic
 You're interested in it's probably the most timely thing ever. It's interesting
 I started this project two years ago not knowing when this was in goal
 I'm not knowing the circumstances and now with
 You know we're in the middle for those who were depending on if watching this live or later
 We're in day two or three of quarantine here for the coronavirus
 Just crazy and businesses are freaking out and people are struggling and a lot of companies are shutting their doors
 And right now the thing I think that people need more than anything is traffic. It's people
 How do you get your dream customers the right people to come to your door so you can help them
 You can serve them and so that's what this whole book's about
 So my goal is hopefully you guys all get a copy again. These don't ship until May 5th
 But the audio books are there right now in fact like 36% you guys are buying the audio book
 So thank you for that
 But it gives you a chance to go and start listening to immediately
 But then I'm going live free here, and I'm just gonna
 Basically share stuff in the book. So if you want to see some of the old episodes
 Facebook there there other places YouTube we got in there as well the base can go through the book and talking about so today
 I'm gonna dive back in you guys want some more
 Some more insights from the book that hopefully help you out in whatever part of the journey you're in right now
 Hopefully do and as you're reading this you're like all right final
 So you push me over the edge. I'm finally ready to get the book you've been talking about for two years
 Just go to traffic secrets calm you'll see the funnel and I would recommend going through the funnel slowly
 This is the highest converting funnel I've ever done and I've been doing this game for 15 years now
 So this was 15 years of like me testing and trying a bunch of things and this is the this is the the I talked about like funnel hacking
 You know I said you can go through get all the arrows in the back like
 Try to figure your way out or see where people are where they're at today and then model it's right now
 This is where my my funnels that and it's killing it
 Excuse me we're averaging like 80 almost 80 dollars for every free book we give away inside the funnel. So it's working. It's good
 Anyway, so that's the game plan you guys ready to jump into this. We have some fun. I
 Love it. All right. Okay. I'm gonna go. So here you go. Oh
 Open up the box set and like you guys like yesterday on the live everyone's like where did I get the box?
 I'm like the only thing in the box that is is an upsell so you got to buy the book and then the upsells like
 Hey, do you want all the books all new hardbound copies and the workbook and everything?
 So that's one way to get it as after you have to see your comm and get a copy your free copy the book
 I think it's $10 shipping handling us for the hardbound and then it's um like
 1985 I think international so and these will be shipping may fit
 This is a pre-launch may fit these will start shipping
 but the audio books that I recorded myself in a studio for three days are available even today and
 Yeah, so there you go plus all the other bonuses. There's five insane bonuses you guys get with the book as well
 The each like a soul each those for 97 bucks is on a standalone product
 You get them for free when you buy the book for free
 So if like free then you should get a copy of the book. All right, that's that I'm gonna go in here
 So the first the first day I talked about I just read kind of the or read some stuff from the intro which is all about
 Basically the storm coming which is interesting now that we're in like the middle of the storm
 But there's a storm coming traffic shifting everything's everything's different. You have to prepare
 I was lucky enough and blessed up when I started learning traffic. It wasn't when Facebook ads were here
 I was like trying to figure out how to you know how to run Facebook ads like I was learning this stuff
 Before Facebook before my before my space before
 Friendster I was learning how to drive traffic from some of the old the original OGs of direct response marking
 I was learning direct mail radio postcards things like that and as you apply these principles to the internet
 It's really powerful. So if Facebook shuts down your ads account band or Google changes
 This book is like here's how to how to have a stable foundation traffic even in those times
 I've been lucky enough now to be doing this for 15 years and I've been through market, you know
 couple market grows couple market crashes and
 I've seen networks come and go Google Slaps Facebook snaps a whole bunch of stuff
 It was interesting is that we've we're not only surviving this time is we've thrived
 It's because of the foundation of the foundational principles you're gonna learn here inside of traffic secrets
 So talk about storm coming
 That's our one chapter one your dream customer share some cool stories from this yesterday
 I'm not gonna go back into it
 But they call keys becoming obsessed with your dream customer. You know you better you understand them you understand
 Like what are they doing to move towards pleasure and away from pain makes it so much easier to find them so today we want to talk about
 Our two things called the searcher and the scroller and when you have your book if you go to page 25
 As I start talking about these concepts of the searcher and the scroller
 I think I got some doodles in here. Yeah, I got some doodles in here
 So for those who like me like the doodles there is the searcher and there's the scroller
 Okay, that's important. I understand the lot of people think that traffic is traffic. Oh, I just figured out to get more traffic
 And so that's kind of there all they're looking for you understand
 The people's habits are different right and so there's the searcher and there's the scroller and it was interesting
 If you look at how business started back in the early 1800s, right?
 When do people buy something right they had a need for it? So I need a hammer
 They would jump in the car drive to the grocery store and they would go buy a hammer
 They're searching for something now when you're searching you know what you're looking for it
 I need this thing to solve this problem this thing and so you're searching for it
 And you go look for it and you buy it and you come back
 Okay, and for a long time that's how business happened back in the early 1800s early 1900s was
 100% of commerce happened through through searching right someone needed something and they went and searched for it right
 The O pages came they searched through the O pages find the business had the thing they need on you a plumber find the person
 Search for them and they're gonna go and get them so what was nice for consumers was nice I could go search
 I could find things I wanted but as a business owner was tough because I couldn't I couldn't go and get people's attention right?
 and so
 If you look at it, I share some the timelines like the first the first time the interruption
 Excuse me, so yeah, I'll go in that second, but but searching is the first thing right and then
 But again, the searching is good because you can go find exactly you want
 That's the pros of it. I think I've a list of the pros and cons
 Yeah, the pros for search is that when people come to you they're hot right that's the thing like I'm sure I look for a plumber
 I call you like I need a plumber like sweet. I'm a plumber. I'm coming right over
 I or I need a hammer. It's like they're they're hot. They're looking for us
 That's the pros of search the cons you can't stimulate that
 I can't stimulate search to make you all of a sudden come search for me right?
 And so I was kind of the cons of it and so it's hard to really grow and scale company because you should they're waiting for people to search for you
 Waiting for somebody to get a desire, okay, then fast forward to
 1927 so
 1927 was the first as when television's were invented and
 15 years later on July 1st 1942 was during the Brooklyn Dodgers Phil Delphi Phillies game at Ebbets Field
 It was the first ever TV commercial aired. Okay, so what happened thing like this?
 People are sitting there watching TV in their homes or being entertained. They're enjoying the scene
 They've interested in baseball or watching baseball and then in the middle that boom they're interrupted with an ad
 Okay, and then the ad was for both the watches and boba and think about before before this is someone if boba wanted to sell watch
 What would they have to do right?
 They'd wait for someone's like I need to watch and they'd go search for a watch
 They're waiting. I hopefully business comes to us. They had to wait right now
 This first TV commercial in night in the early 1900s
 People are still watching TV and not planning at all in the middle of that ad they're interrupted right?
 They're interrupted and after they interrupted then comes in
 then comes in the
 The the Adler says the ad was nine seconds long in fact if you go to YouTube right now search it
 You can actually find it. I found it there days nine seconds long
 It cost the nine dollars to run and the ad said America runs on boba time now
 I said I was not the greatest ad in the world
 But it was the ad it was the first time someone did interruption marketing right so people watching baseball
 So they're interrupted and boba had this little window of time where they could grab someone's attention
 Right they can build up the perceived value
 What is that to sell and then they can make them an offer right and that was the very first time interruption concept happened
 Okay, and interruption marketing is powerful because it gives you because it was search marketing people have to be looking for you
 Right that interested they have a desire to looking for you with an eruption
 You have a chance to capture their attention and then make a presentation to increase the perceived value of the thing that you're trying to sell
 And then you make them an offer and in the book here
 I'm gonna talk a little more about hook story offer in the day or two
 I don't know when we get there
 But that's the next framework is is when you interrupt some you got this little window of time right?
 So I'm just sit down here because this is my studio. I'm sitting on the floor because that's what we got here when we're in quarantine
 But we understand that like this is this is some of the interesting
 interesting stuff like and I have a friend
 His name Trevor Chapman, and he's one that kind of first made this this concept light my head right he talked about searching versus interruption
 So search marketing right?
 Little say for example, you wanted a new home security system
 Okay, so what would you do you'd go on Amazon type and home security system?
 You'd search for it and if you found it, you're like, oh, I need a home security system looking for it and right now
 You can get a pretty good home security system on Amazon for like 200 bucks, right?
 Page one of bucks he comes to you install boom
 You are have a home security system 200 bucks right because you are searching for it and people that search typically their bargain shoppers
 Looking not just one place to searching find different things their price comparison all these kind of things right?
 But when they come to you they're hot right?
 There's the raid to buy right now, okay now put that in contrast with what Trevor talked about
 He talked about well he did he ran a cell scene a door to ourselves people selling home security systems
 He says we don't rely on search at all we rely on
 on interruption marketing so so what we do is we would go and we would we would
 Go door to door and we knock on the door and we interrupt someone during dinner or you know
 Whatever it is we interrupt them okay, and we interrupt them they open the door
 And we have this little window time first step is to hook them get their attention we hook them right if we can you pass the initial hook
 No man is this window time we can tell them a story and the goal of the story is what it's to increase the perceived value of the
 Thing it is I'm gonna sell and the end I'm chance to make an offer okay now two minutes earlier that person was not looking for home security system
 But because they interrupt to them I hook them with something to got their attention
 I told them a story to increase the perceived value that I could sell the thing that I'm selling for what is actually worth right top
 Typically with search-based marketing
 You're in a comparison game
 Right it's to race the bottom your some commodities and people are searching for all the different variations to find the cheapest one of the best
 With the highest ratings right whereas interruption based marketing not searching everywhere else in the world you're coming to them you interrupt
 You make them you make a presentation by the perceived value
 What is your selling and you can sell for whatever you want right and you talked about how when you sell security systems
 Like someone could go on Amazon and find them for 200 bucks
 But what we do knock on the door interrupt them tell them tell our story increase the perceived value
 Make them an offer and walk out the door with a $5,000 contract for a home security system
 Okay, that's the power of interruption marketing gives you the ability to find people who aren't in the moment needing it
 But you created a desire in them to be able to go and sell the thing
 Okay, and so it's interesting as you start looking at the online
 The same the same trend happened to our history right when when the internet first came out
 There was what type of marketing there was search right you go to Google and you would search for something
 It was amazing because you could rank for the keywords you make a bunch of money
 You can buy paper click ads, but you only made money on people that were actually searching for you
 Everybody else you just missed out on on the opportunity right and so you you lost that that money
 Okay, but it was a really good opportunity then a little while later
 Then also in the social network start coming out right and social network's happened and then somewhere down the line
 I have the dates here
 But somewhere down the line is when Mark Zuckerberg enters the Facebook ads platform
 Which was the very first real big play of interruption marketing right someone to come in Facebook
 Right and they're they're hanging out their friends. They're talking they're you entertaining and we're gonna come in
 Interrupt them for a second right to stroll through the ads awesome boom your ad comes and if you do it right
 This is like the per this is like the knock on the door to the door or sells person right you knock on the door
 It interrupts them for a second just long enough you got their attention
 Right you hook them and then it opens up this little window for you
 We can now tell them your story and the goal of your story is to increase the perceived value of what you're gonna
 Sell them and then you make them an offer hook story offer
 Okay, and that's the power of interrupts your marketing
 It gives you that little window time where instead of like waiting for you like hey
 I hope someone search for a cat food today because I'm selling cat food
 So waiting waiting we have to say okay, who's interested in cats and we go find those people
 Let me try interrupt them
 We go knock on their door
 Let me go throw out these hooks and try to grab their attention just longer
 So I can explain to what my cat food so much better my cat medicine or my cat whatever cat thing you sell
 Tell them perceive out tell them your story increase the pre-cevaluos on your cell for it is actually worth
 Okay, then you're not going out there and they're fighting in there comparing your cat food versus 500 of people
 You're the billy now to
 Increase the perceived value and sell your thing for what it's worth. Okay, so that's search
 Versus interruption if you start looking at all the different advertising networks out there you start classifying
 Okay, so Google is a search platform right people coming to search on it. Yeah, who's a search platform?
 I don't even know what other ones are out there. I just use Google, but those are search platforms right then you got
 Facebook and Instagram these are interruption platforms right there. They're they're giving people's attention
 They're they're categorizing people based on what they're interested in and you really come and interrupt those people say
 I want to interrupt all people in shouldn't cats all people interested in in fitness all people interested in business
 I interrupt them right and then it opens this little window for you to come in there set a hook to get the tension
 Tell them a story increase the perceived value we have and then make it offer okay, and that's the magic now
 So then again the first phase we talked about in this book here was you're taking your dream customers here identifying you're breaking them
 But first on people are trying to move away from pleasure and people are trying to move towards plane right we have different messages for both
 Those people they are not the same they're different right so maybe we have different funnels different landing pages different ads
 They're speaking differently to each person the next thing's understanding
 Where am I going fishing where am I trying to find these people if it's search based?
 That's okay
 But I'm gonna speak those people differently those people probably doing more comparison shopping those people are probably looking for a deal there
 They're there they're researching right they're searching for you. They find you so if my if my landing pages aren't based on like understanding
 I think this is the mindset some's coming to they are they're researching you're gonna struggle right now
 someone's in in in Instagram or Facebook there's doing something else I'm interrupting him
 So I do something exciting I have something quite a cool background
 It's something like this where they're scrolling through their scene. It's like what is this thing?
 Why is Russell waving a book? I guess I had my my Thanos I had these gloves on yesterday, right?
 Because when the videos are on Facebook and Google I want some control to like why has Russell got this weird glove?
 They're gonna stop right I hooked just long enough I have a chance now to tell them my story to increase the perceived value
 What I'm doing and then make them an offer okay by the way
 BTW those who are watching this video on Facebook Instagram YouTube wherever you are. What did I just do?
 I hooked you right I've been telling you a story to increase the perceived value of the offer I have for you
 Right some of you are like dang. That's in the book. That's that's in set secret number one the book
 That's awesome. I need that so I told you a story to increase the perceived value of this thing
 I'm gonna offer you here in a second right wait Russell you practice what you preach yes
 I do every day okay, so that's what I'm doing right now if I'm putting this out to search audience
 It's gonna be different okay my message is not gonna be me with a fan also
 I'm trying to interrupt you because they're already looking for like how to get more traffic
 I'm gonna come to that. Hey, here's your view page
 Yeah, here's five new five ways to get traffic boom boom boom by the way number one book
 The traffic is this book right here. You should go get it for free at traffic seekers calm, right?
 I'm speaking to them differently to categorize the people based on a search versus an eruption
 Okay, I understand your ad campaign your structure all things you're doing are different depending on which which way people are coming into your world
 That makes sense okay, I think so many times people loop like traffic or advertising type
 Just one thing it's like no you guys are understanding the intricacies of what you're doing, right?
 And so I need to understand if I'm speaking of someone searching for someone who I'm interrupting because it's different my ads different
 Okay, my atom. I googled is not me running around going crazy or lighting my book on fire, right?
 But my ad on Instagram is my Adam Facebook is I gotta grab your attention just long open a window
 So you will listen to my story so I can increase the perceived value where I have to sell and I can make you an offer
 Okay
 That's our thinking that you guys start thinking in your mind like oh my gosh
 I've seen this over and over again when I go to Google I search for stuff
 What are the landing pages look like people are successful? What are those ads? Okay?
 What are they saying how they speaking to me right? I'm speaking them differently than speaking to somebody who am interrupting right?
 I'm interrupting I'm doing crazy videos trying to capture your attention and get you to like focus and just long enough
 I can grab you grab your attention and tell you a story okay
 So that's the key that we understand there's little different little slight intricacies little slight differences
 But it's the key to this whole this whole game. Oh
 Yeah, okay, so
 Google is the search platform right YouTube's interesting because YouTube is a search, but it's also a social so YouTube is one of my favorites
 And there's a whole chapter here going deep into YouTube because it's it's a search and it's a and it's an interruption platform
 And so there's different strategies when you're excited that which are kind of fun
 Facebook Instagram interruption platforms other search based platforms like Quora where you're going to your searching questions your answer question like
 That's the search based platform. So if you start looking at there where to get traffic and you start thinking through to your mind realize
 there's search based interruption based two different things and it's
 Important because that's some of the foundations that you understand as you're going after dream customers. So that again yesterday's
 Video and today's is all just secret number one. We haven't gotten secret number two yet. So
 Let me come back real quick
 So secret number one sorry I did introduction date number one yesterday or today yesterday was who's your dream customer?
 I didn't say I talked about searcher versus scroller. You see that in the video there
 Tomorrow's video. I'm gonna go into secret number two. Where are they hiding?
 So depending on if this is live look for this tomorrow if this is on YouTube on a playlist like there's probably a play show
 You can watch the next one
 But after even going to next is where are they hiding the dream 100 now really quick now that I've grabbed your attention
 I've told you a value increase the perceived value of this book. Hopefully now. I'm hoping you want a copy of this so badly
 So if you want one guess what right now during pretty lunch they are free
 You've got to come to the shipping handling. This is the hardbound book. I've already paid for the printing of this thing
 They're not cheap to print so I pay for the printing
 They are gonna be shipping out on May 5th right now. We are in pre-launch
 We've almost sold 10,000 copies the first 24 hours, which is crazy. I'm really proud of that
 Proof these traffic things we're talking about actually work
 But you can get a copy right now at traffic seekers calm during the pre-launch again
 We should these may fit but when you're buying this one of the order form bumps as you go through the funnel is for the audio book
 The audio book is done. I spent three days in a warehouse or not where I said a studio reading this tired book
 You got a book immediately and then send the audio book that actually links to to a supplemental PDF that has all the doodles and stuff
 So you're listening you can look at the doodles and make sure you understand the concepts that's available today
 You start listening to the audio book right now
 You just got to go to traffic seekers calm get a copy of both the ships may fit and then the order form bump is the audio
 The audio books you can listen to it, which is awesome and right now like 36% of you guys are taking the audio book so
 That means that 130 you guys already listen today
 They're actually is like all listen all we're about traffic in in the future, but honestly right now
 We're scary times like I'm in quarantine now. It's for most of you guys are in quarantine or our house hanging out
 I'm recording this on my phone on my iPad because my my film crews are in quarantine everywhere like it's it's chaos right now
 But you gotta understand the most important thing in business for all of you guys
 In good times and in bad is traffic. It's the people is giving you having the ability to be to get your message in front of people
 If you're not able to do that it makes business really hard if you are able to do that makes business easy
 So how do you get traffic not just how do you get any traffic?
 How do you get to the subhead my hair says the underground playbook for filling your websites and funnels with your dream customers?
 Not just any customers your dream customers the ones that have money the ones that can afford your products and for your services
 The ones you actually want to serve and so that's the game plan you guys that's traffic secrets now with time to get yours
 A trap a secret comm
 Someone said they order the book a bit never got a confirmation email. I'm looking your junk folder email is like the least reliable thing on this planet
 I hate email someone makes something better than that so
 Alright, oh some of asking how much of the book so the box of the first upsell is the box set
 If you want the entire box set I won't spoil for you
 But when you go through the funnel if you when you buy the trap a secret book
 The upsell is to get the whole box set the box that's got dot com secret book the expert secret book the traffic secrets all hardbound
 And these have all been updated. I added over 30,000 words to each of these books before the new hardbound versions came out
 So these are all three news versions and also this is the unlock secrets workbook
 It's 600 page workbook comes with it. Do you want this huge box that it is the upsell at?
 Traffic secrets dot com, but you got to get the book. Do you be able to see the offer for the whole thing? So I'd recommend getting it
 It's it's awesome. So
 Anyway, I appreciate you guys. Thanks so much for hanging out today
 While you're at home or doing your thing
 I just remember that this is not a time to hide and do nothing
 It's the time to serve your audience at higher level go live tell your story tell your message get people a message of faith and hope
 Don't stop selling things don't stop promoting like if the economy like the best thing for the economy is for us
 Entrepreneurs to keep doing what we're doing if we stop all commerce from happening. This is horrible for the economy
 It's what it's it's like the scary thing for me personally is not the this variety of this virus
 It's the economic reproductive reproductive repercussions of it our job as entrepreneurs is to keep doing what we're doing
 If we stop the economy will stop and that's when it gets really really really scary
 So
 Yeah, keep keep producing you guys keep publishing I'm gonna talk about this for years and you'll get as you get deeper in traffic secrets book
 One of the things I'm a challenge everyone is publish every day for a year with its Facebook Instagram platform
 You too
 I don't care pick a platform and continually publish every single day for a year if you do that you'll have no more financial troubles in
 The year from now, but you got to be consistent start publishing
 So I'm gonna publish every day every time I'm gonna be reading parts of the books for you
 Hope you guys enjoy today got some ideas out of it and I'll be back tomorrow with the next the next
 Chapter secret number two we're going into you guys. So between now and then go get your copy the book traffic secrets calm
 And I'll see you guys all again very recent. Thanks everybody. Appreciate you all and we'll talk to you soon. Bye
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering
 questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually
 Text me a message. Okay. Now the phone over your text is
 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can add
 Me to your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this text and communities where I'm gonna be giving out free swag
 Giving away free copies of my book. I'll let you know about book signings about times
 I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you were on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
