 Uh oh, the Facebook's laps just happened and now you gotta get a funnel welcome to marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, everybody I have been prophesying of this for so long so long
 If those who are new the newbies who have been online for a year or two years or five years or eight years
 I wanted to give you a history lesson. So the networks. They don't like you or me
 Just like you like money from big brands who don't annoy them who just write big checks and don't
 We have big huge marketing budgets and don't care if they're profitable or not people like us who care about direct ROI
 Direct response guys. They don't like us very much, but they they they endure us for a little while
 Because it builds their platform and then they smash us. So I'll slap the Google back in the day
 They were awesome then they smashed us this happen to
 Every platform I've been around for now 15 years
 They probably heard of the Google slap and then the other Google slap and the other Google slap and then this and then
 It's and I kept warning people might don't put all your eggs in Zuckerberg's basket
 Zuckerberg doesn't care about you
 And I've talked about that fact I did a whole presentation in front like you live about that last year
 But it's happening the Facebook slap has officially begun
 Zuckerberg just announced it about a week ago
 And I want to let you guys know a couple things because the Facebook slap is actually a really good thing for people like you and me
 Who are doing funnels? If you're not doing a funnel now?
 This is going to force you to finally learn and understand funnels. All right, so here's the context Zuckerberg came out was like
 Hey, we're gonna change how Facebook's algorithm works. So instead of having they he said that this algorithm change makes
 So less people people spend less time on Facebook which seems insane, but this will try to do the try squeeze out the direct response marketers and
 And build a bigger platform for the branding marketer. So that works what they do is
 He's making so that what you will see now more so is more of your
 Actual interactions with friends, right? So your feet will have less business stuff and more more brand stuff, right?
 Or even more personal interaction. So you see more your friends stuff. You see
 Fan page some of that are gonna be dropping dramatically
 and
 Groups ago up because groups they make their social interactions
 So groups and your personal stuff you see a lot more of in your feet and you'll see a lot less of business pages fan pages and ads
 So what's gonna happen because there's less to fuse scroll through and just like mindlessly scroll you'll actually spend less time on Facebook
 That's his plan. So you spend less time on flay Facebook. There'll be less ad spots
 and
 When supply and demand does that little thing guess what happens the price goes up. So ad costs will be going up
 They're showing some stats and basically in the first quarter
 So let's be up like I can't remember 30 or 40% and by the end of the year almost 100%
 Increase in ad costs and so what does that mean for people like us a couple things number one?
 It means that the competition a lot of these people who are just throwing Facebook ads and becoming ad experts overnight
 They are going to be gone. They will not be able to sustain it anymore and most of them will not be
 Intelligent enough to diversify their traffic off Facebook a couple things for us marketing seekers people and our funnel hackers
 We are smart enough to know there's more than one way to drive traffic Facebook is a source not the only source
 And if you've been looking at your business that way then you're fine
 And if not it's now time to start diversifying like freak out. Yes freak out diversify now
 If you wait for a year to diversify a lot of you guys will be in trouble. So just diversify now start looking at other traffic sources
 I'll get YouTube look at your own podcast looking at all these things
 Using this time now where ads are still a little bit cheaper to drive people to these other networks to build up your podcast to build up
 Your email list things like that build up your many chat lists like those kind of things because the ad costs are dramatically going to go up number two
 We've been talking about this as day number one and click funnels right whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins
 That's the first chapter introduction of dot com secrets book if you haven't read it go and read it dot com secrets dot com
 Go get the book because help you understand that whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins as ad costs go up
 You have spent more money to acquire customer. That's actually a good thing
 It means all of these little people who are just dabbling are gonna go away because they're not able to spend more money
 Now for us the intelligent ones who are studying marketing and sales and funnels. That's okay
 That's when we build funnels, okay
 Um, you know, I think last year 2017 and a lot of people got away with one funnel and they made a really good income
 I think that's gonna be harder and harder. I think understanding the concept of funnel stacking
 We talk a lot about in our community here where you have one funnel then then leads to the next funnel is is vital
 It's gonna be vital to your success having a fully developed value ladder is gonna be vital to your success
 Now a couple things about value ladder I want to just touch on
 I wish I could rewrite that whole chapter dot com secrets book because everyone thinks that they need these like complex value
 Ladders the 80 steps. Clickfunnels right now has three steps. That's it. Okay. We've got all the front ends are on the front step
 We've got click funnels webinar it sells click funnels in the middle and then we've got
 Um our coaching program that's not even available right now, but we'll be after fun like you live
 On the back end. That's it so there doesn't be complex
 But there needs to be levels you need because your friend and funnels
 Ones that used to be profitable are gonna be breaking even funnels if that's your entire business you're gonna struggle
 Okay, so the good news is the facebook slap has come we know it's happening now and um, it's not like
 When google slapped us it was like they just turned us off overnight. We all we all just got shut down
 Right now you've got about a year over the next year. You'll see your ad costs go up 15 to 100
 So just be aware of that so now it's time to start understanding that and putting in okay
 This funnels to acquire customers if i'm profitable right now
 It's awesome
 If i'm gonna be profitable in six months if they add if my ad costs double if they go up 50
 Are like if not that start tweaking that and there's like hey
 We've acquired a customer through this funnel now. I need to send them up the value ladder and there's your profit
 Okay, so if you've been following me and you've listening to this stuff you've read the dot com secrets book
 You've read the expert secrets book you've gone into this this shouldn't freak you out. Okay
 Um, but if you haven't yeah, you should be a little bit nervous. You should go get dot com secrets read it
 Understand sells funnels value ladder. Like these are the core principles that have works as day number one. Okay
 Excuse me. This is not something new in fact. Um, you know, it's it's crazy the online world made it so easy like in uh traditional
 Off leg I cut my teeth learning this game with uh bill glazer and dan kennedy and all these
 People who are doing direct mail and classified ads and tv where it's like nobody breaks even on tv
 Right you lose money and you lose money for five six seven months before you're profitable
 Like and so like that's where my foundation came from
 That's the dot com secrets book teaches that foundation and i think we've been spoiled because it's been so cheap to acquire media online
 And that's been awesome and hopefully new platforms will continue to rise up that we can come in and we can arbitrage
 Um attention from it for at a discount
 But just be aware that right now facebook is now shifting to making that transformation. This is the first facebook slap
 Um, I got a little mini slap about a year and a half ago. They started shutting down ad accounts
 They they took the the gas pedal off that one and it made a little bit easier versus the nice
 But this one's happening and it's not going away
 And so it's like now is the time to prepare for it starting to get get better and acquiring customers on your front end funnels
 Getting better and sending them to the the next step
 This will be a huge theme of funnel hacking live. Um, I got some crazy amazing presentation
 So all my funnel hackers you guys will learn about some of these things different
 I just wanted to give you guys the voice of morning because this is what happening
 But luckily this is not like a shot where you just get shot and you die like back in the google days
 We've got time but it's all about understanding that preparing and building out your value line go back read doc on secrets again
 Read it too read it three times it realizes call it steps figure out your value ladder identify
 Figure out your break even funnels acquire customers profitably
 Now so you can get to the point where you're breaking even in six months a year from now and then be able to start sending people up
 So the google slap is here by the funnel people funnel hackers don't even worry
 It's all going to be good if you've been following the principal who teaches the day number one
 Um, you're protected so don't stress about it, but if you're not it's time to start looking at that
 Start building out your value getting prepared because it's coming all right guys appreciate you all
 Um, sorry I got my stuff. He knows I've probably sounded a little funny, but um
 Uh, that's about it. So heading back to the office today
 We've got Todd and Ryan and Nick and Karen and hoping people in the office is so much fun
 So we came back to work. We were late last night working and now it's uh early morning
 We're starting the game over again. So I'm sure next couple days. I'll do a lot of podcasts
 I'll probably be really tired so I apologize in advance
 Uh, if you enjoy this at all, please go to iTunes rate us review us with this is a new we had a re uh recread new feed
 So we're uh starting back over under the reviews and stuff like that
 So please if you uh love this podcast if you're reviewed in the past, please come back review to get
 Uh, we appreciate that and we'll talk to you as soon as bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
