 What's up everybody? This is Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast. I hope you guys are amazing today
 I woke up in a good mood today, which is funny because yesterday I woke up in a bad mood. So anyway, I feel great today
 This is awesome. So I want to jump in and do podcast episode about what I'm working on
 It's interesting like the first time I introduced this concept of the value letters inside the dot-com secrets book and
 What's interesting is that it's probably similar for me and for you over the years
 The more I do it and the more process I create the more jacked in my value ladder gets it goes from me to value ladder to a value
 Maze to this value a puzzle and it's just gets more work confusing and
 You know meeting back landers circle after two years off
 I had this big realization that like I've done it once again
 My value ladder is a maze and I need to step back clean it up
 It's awesome to talk about today on this episode is how to untangle your value ladder or your value maze whatever you want to call it
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so I'm sure you guys have read dot-com secrets book if not please pause this go to dot-com secrets dot com
 Spell that do t c o m secrets dot com and go get the book come on now at this point. You always ask me Russell
 I don't know how to get started Russell. I'm confused. It's like okay
 The first thing you should definitely do is read the three books that I spent two decades in my life creating
 For you to take everything I've ever learned put it in a very simple step-by-step format so that's step number one
 So book Doc on the secrets is the first book. I'm going to read if you haven't
 So that's where we begin that right now. It's interesting is in the book
 I talk about this concept of the value ladder, right?
 Which if you've seen it or you read the book or you understand it you come in like somebody comes in and obviously my dream business
 I could sell some of the most expensive thing in the world that gives them the most value, right?
 Like hey, pay me a million dollars and I'll spend two days building out your funnel for you
 And then I'll drive traffic for you and I'll do all the stuff and you just have to cash the checks
 That'd be the greatest thing I could offer someone right
 But because of like how much value it is how much time like again?
 I have to charge like at least a million dollars to do it
 Plus percentage of the company and things like that and so
 Your dream world you want to sell the best thing that provides the most value, right?
 Then whenever I talk about some stage marks like why is it coming to you off the street and say hey give me a million dollars?
 I'm gonna build you a funnel that might make you some money
 What would you say and you probably look at me like Russell?
 You're insane. You look like you're 11 years old like I know and so the problem is like people think I'm crazy because I'm provided value yet, right?
 And so the value ladder is all about like providing value so that somebody fills that value and then they want more right?
 And the same thing happens in the real world when we are trying to find our potential spouse, right?
 Like the top of the value ladder with the spouse is like is
 Being married having tons of kids like that's we want right before I come to a girl over here for a stage
 Like oh my gosh, you're beautiful. Do you want to have kids with me?
 Most women are gonna slap you in the face and it's not gonna work right?
 You haven't provided any value yet
 So we start the bottom value ladder where we take them on a date and if they have a good time on the date
 They naturally want more and then we take them on a second date and have a good time there and they want more and you take them a third
 Kind of fourth and eventually you you know you kiss and then you get you fall in love and then you propose and then you get married
 And then when you come to like hey, we should have babies
 It's not weird because you provide value every single step in the value ladder and it makes total sense at this point
 Same thing is true in business. So my value ladder is you know somebody listens to a podcast episode or they
 Watching YouTube video they get some kind of content. They go Russell's really cool. I like him
 I want more of him then they go and they buy a book right just like you guys all just went and bought the dot-com secrets
 But you read the book break. Oh my gosh. This is amazing. What else do Russell have then if they move up and maybe take the OFA challenge
 Or you could go watch the funnel hacks webinar. Oh, you sent it for click funnels or oh my gosh what just happened?
 I just put you into a value maze
 Right you buy the book. What's next logical step?
 I've got a whole bunch of next logical steps and it's confusing and it's a whole bunch of things and even like with
 Someone joins click funnels with a value ladder inside of click funnels right now
 We're competing with ourselves like we have people doing onboarding calls and people doing webinars with people doing things
 like it's just kind of chaos and
 I realized that as we are working on click phones 2.0 when working on the onboarding process and working on all the things right now I
 Keep realizing that despite my best efforts my value ladder keeps becoming a value maze
 And partially it's because I like to create stuff. I like sewing things and like doing you know
 I'm hopefully you guys are all like me well hopefully not
 But if you are and if we're honest with ourselves, what does your value
 Look like can you can you map it out and say hey someone's gonna buy the book and the next step is fun to do this challenge
 the next step them to do this and like it's very logical it's very sequential and and
 Somebody can go on that path and know where they're starting and where they're ending if not you've probably got a value maze and
 It was interesting because in my in my meetings with minor circle last week or two weeks ago whenever it was
 I started looking at this this common thread the people who are crushing it have very clearly defined value ladder
 the customer journey is is very very defined you know where step-by-step is and people are struggling it's kind of like
 You know somebody's this and they could buy this or this or this or and like mine like it's all over the place
 And I was like having this realization like oh no I did it again
 I created so much stuff because I want to create stuff that got more and more crazy
 And so for the last like week or so I've been I've been noodling on this thing. What does that mean?
 Do I need to like shut down some my size leads some my programs like what does it look like like I'm kind of freaking out and one thing that
 I talked a lot about the inner circle like when you build your value ladder you have your front ends right and then you have
 You know everything moving up and in theory after you you build the back into your value ladder like every rung besides the first one
 You should never touch those rungs again like in there the perfect don't touch them don't mess them like like
 like
 You know you build the value ladder at once and you never touch it again
 And if you're like me you want to create more things only thing you should be creating our friends that bring more people
 Into the value ladder and push them up the same path, right?
 And so anyway, I started I should map mine out and I was like hey if I'm gonna do this correctly
 I'm gonna have to you know for me. It's like killing some of my babies killing some of my sacred
 You know what's that phrase killing sacred cows like these programs and products and things that I love we have for years
 It's like this actually work after kill those things and it's like oh that's so
 Hard for me like I love these things are my babies like I don't want to kill them, you know
 But but honestly for me to to to be able to stream what we're doing and make it successful make it easier
 We have to and so that's the last week. I'm looking at it and like mapping out a value ladder say okay
 Like what is the next logical step?
 Okay, like that thing over there's not logical step
 You need to kill it or need transform to front end because it's not part of the value ladder
 And the next thing is that logical and it's been interesting because there's been some some of our sacred cows of our babies that we love
 that's like I can't have to get rid of that or
 It's not gonna work or I have to change how we structure that or like we've been doing this thing for three years
 We do different. It's not gonna work and it's been scary and hard and like I don't know if you guys ever felt that
 But it's been that way for me in fact
 I didn't even talk to my team about it for three or four days and then on my head I knew what it was
 But anyway, so I went back and I said okay
 This is this is how we need to shift things around and I showed everybody like oh my gosh that makes so much more sense
 That's so much simpler like now we all know what the focus points are right and
 Anyway, it was interesting so you'll see some of this coming up
 Not now when 2.0 launches you'll see it because 2.0 launches. We will relaunch this new value ladder that takes people on a very specific
 journey and
 You'll see it you'll see through our programs you're like you've seen forever are gonna be completely
 You have shut down or changed differently or in a good way
 But it's gonna give us the ability I believe to dramatically scale to be able to get deeper like knowing deep break like
 What our value ladder looks like like what the like what's the goal?
 What's the step once to step through like like it should give us the ability to spend more money to acquire customer?
 Because now it's not just this we're an amazes like we are able to see like okay
 Of all the ads we bought to give a book how people from there did step to how many do step three?
 How many step for you can see exactly what's happening with breakage how deeply we go with the lifetime value of customers like
 All those things so much simpler when the path is clearly defined and it's not a value maze
 So what I want to challenge all you guys is to be honest for yourself sit down map out what your existing value ladder looks like
 And if it looks like a value maze where there's like each step they could go to four different things and next step
 They can do four different things if you're you say that you see that
 Realize you got a value maze and not a value ladder and you got to come back and and reevaluate it like I've been doing so
 anyway
 So I'm not my goal with this podcast always is he is they give you as hints on the things I'm running with like here's the
 I'm doing and
 Hopefully it gives you as it is different ways to look at your business. Maybe you haven't thought of before you know
 Because if you're hiding me as a consultant guess what I do I would do what we're talking right now
 I wouldn't just give it to you as a hint like hey here's something I'm doing you should try it
 I would say I'm saying okay, let's map out your value ladder
 Oh my gosh, you got a value maze which one of these sacred cows we're gonna kill
 You know and like that would be the conversation
 So if you're able to to take my hints and then become your own consultant and coach yourself through the process
 You get you know, maybe not the same value, but it should be you know almost the same values
 I've sent them in the room with you. So hope that helps
 I appreciate you all thanks for listening and we'll talk to you as all can soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes
 Every single day answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone
 out and actually text me a message, okay?
 Now the phone over in your text is 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to your
 Phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this text and communities
 I'm gonna be giving you out free swag giving away free copies of my book
 Let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you were on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need to do right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797
 One more time that's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 (upbeat music)
