 So, the big question is this, how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture
 capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things
 that we believe in out of the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast.
 We'll give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 Hey everyone, this is Russell.
 Welcome to Marketing Secrets.
 So, if you're watching this on marketingsecrets.com, watch the video.
 I'm actually right now inside of a tent in the office.
 And the reason why is because my wife and kids are out of town and I told everyone
 I was going to camp out of the office and everyone's like, "Oh, cool.
 Yeah."
 I was like, "No, I'm literally going to camp out of the office."
 I brought a tent in and I brought a cot that I almost broke.
 And Dave brought in a real cot.
 And this is actually incredibly comfortable.
 So, I'm probably going to sleep here tonight.
 Everybody's hoping the morning they'll be like, "You are so weird."
 But the reality is my house right now, we're under construction.
 So, my entire kitchen's gutted.
 It's like, I can't even go to my house and I'm like, "Sleeping in the pool house."
 And it's just like, I know it's like, you know, first world problems.
 But anyway, so, instead I want to talk to you about one thing before I crash because
 we got a lot of stuff done today.
 A lot.
 This is my to-do list and it's crazy, everything's we got done.
 And tomorrow, even in the big days, well, and my kids actually, two of my kids come
 home tomorrow, which I'm insanely excited for.
 But what's kind of cool, let me sit up a little bit.
 As people always ask me, "How do you get so much stuff done in the day?"
 And I really think there's a couple things.
 First off, I need to do this like this on piece of paper with Bigel Marker.
 Because it's something about markers where you're like, it's about crossing things out
 that is so therapeutic.
 Because we're working today and there was like 2, it's a 2.35 or so in the afternoon
 and I only had to cross off two things.
 So I was like, "Ah, it's angry."
 And so I call him a routine.
 I'm like, "Okay, we crossed the stuff out."
 And everyone's like, "What can I help with the lookin' out with the mic?"
 "Hey, Stephen, I need to do this.
 They do this.
 I'm yelling at this."
 And everyone's kind of doing things to help us get the stuff busted out.
 And then I'm like, "Looking at this."
 And I'm like, "What are the things I have to do?"
 I'm like, "What are the things I have to do?"
 "What are Dan Solm called?"
 I'm like, "Unique abilities."
 I'm like, "What are your unique abilities that you have to focus on?"
 And I was thinking around doing stuff that wasn't necessarily my unique ability.
 I was doing stuff that was like, I don't know, just the stuff.
 And I was like, "Okay, a lot of things I can get other people to do, but there's some
 things I have to do."
 And so I knew one of them was, we had this new, we're going after Instagrams, so we're
 starting this drop the mic show.
 This can be our Instagram play to kind of build up our audiences there.
 And so I needed a cool intro video to pitch the concept of stuff like that.
 So I'd write the script for that.
 So I did that, figured out really cool way to demo all this stuff on Instagram, on the
 computer, which was cool.
 And then so I went and recorded the voice over that, and Steven went and edited and
 made it the coolest audio intro ever.
 So that was awesome.
 And then we're a couple months away from doing our big relaunch of ClickFunnels, about our
 three-year mark.
 And with that, I'm not sure if you have seen our old explainer videos, but I was like,
 "I need to update these."
 And so I had to rewrite the copy for the first one.
 I wrote a new explainer video for the Edison editor, which is the website editor.
 It was kind of fun.
 I was like, "How do you write an exciting explainer video for a website editor?"
 It wasn't the funnel, it was just the editor alone.
 And actually it's somebody today, messaged me on Facebook, asked me, "What's the script
 you're at for explainer videos?"
 And I'm like, "I don't know what the script is.
 It's like you just have to find the right hook."
 And so I was like sitting there probably at 30 minutes, like, "What's the hook?
 Why doesn't it care about this?"
 I was like, "Stuck, what's the hook?
 What's the hook?"
 And then finally I got the hook and I was like, "Oh my gosh, this is it."
 And then I started writing.
 So I had the hook, then everything just started flowing.
 It was really, really cool.
 In fact, do you guys want to hear it?
 Would that be of value?
 You'll jump off the cot, really quick.
 It's literally camping in the office.
 So let me jump off the cot.
 I'm going to just read you guys the scripts you can see.
 So the hook that I came up with is actually remember back like, "What's a good hook for
 the editor?"
 And click-fellow things like that.
 And I remember that somebody, oh, I was at Joe Paul's event.
 And I remember we had to write these cards like what you do for a company in my car.
 I wrote, "We helped take the power back from the tech guys because there was some future
 soft guys there and I wanted to just talk about that."
 So I also remember that someone found the quote and was like, "Take the power back from
 the tech guys."
 So I was like, "That's the hook."
 And so I'm like, "Okay."
 So now I know the hook.
 I'm trying to remember a story that ties to that.
 So I'm like, "Okay, hook is the tech guys have you under control."
 So it's almost like you're handcuffed.
 And I was like, "Okay."
 So then I started typing and just got into the flow of state.
 So I'll read this to you.
 So if you ever felt handcuffed as an entrepreneur, tell me if this sounds like you.
 You've got an idea.
 It comes to you in the shower or when you're trying to sleep or oftentimes it's in the
 middle of a boring conversation where someone's trying to talk to you about who knows what.
 And while you're trying to nod and act like you're actually paying attention, what's really
 happening is you're looking and searching for your next big idea.
 And then boom, it hits you.
 You have the idea.
 You see the vision.
 You know what you need to do.
 And you know how this thing will change the world.
 And then also they'll shoozoom it on the hands and he'll be handcuffed and it'll pull it'll
 pan back and see a bunch of tech nerds sitting around in a room and says, "And then they
 got you.
 You don't know how to code.
 You don't know how to design.
 You're being held hostage by the tech nerds that you use or the use to tease in school.
 And you know somehow things that you think should be so simple, things that should only
 take a few minutes, somehow become hours and then days and then weeks.
 And with each passing day the excitement for your big idea gets dimmer and dimmer and dimmer
 and the one day it's gone and then we'll show like an idea in a graveyard and I'll
 turn her standing next to have a make a funeral.
 And then it's money wasted.
 There's time wasted with little or nothing to show for it.
 There's still handcuffs and then the tech guys walk away with all the cash and they say,
 "And then when all things lost hits you again, yes, another idea, another million dollar
 problem that you want to solve."
 But the problem is you know the pain that would go into getting the tech guys to actually
 build out what you know needs to be done.
 And this is where most entrepreneurial dreams die.
 And the more between the idea and your tech guys ability to create the pages you need
 to sell your big idea.
 Alright, so that's like this hook right is that where handcuffs and entrepreneurs and
 so then I start telling the story and I'm thinking about that and like that all just
 started flowing.
 It's kind of cool.
 So I'm going to keep going.
 Okay, and what happened to the good old days where the person who was excited to sell, was
 excited to sell and able to sell, could just stand in front of people and actually sell.
 So, well here I am telling you that those days are officially back.
 I want to introduce you to the Edison editor and side of ClickFunnels to let you take the
 power back from the tech guys.
 And then the guy will break the handcuffs and stand there like a free man.
 Yes, the Edison editor is created so that entrepreneurs like you who are programmers
 who don't know how to design can easily build pages inside of a funnel that are proven to
 convert.
 Let me show you how it works.
 First pick that sales funnel that scientifically pre-designed sell your type of product.
 Use the style of page design that you like best.
 Click a button and the entire funnel is built in less than 10 seconds.
 Every page, every step, everything.
 And then you can change your headline and your images at a video, count down clocks
 and more.
 And if you really want to customize the page with dozens of amazing elements that you can
 choose from just like a painter or pick a color from a palette and then drag and drop
 it onto the page.
 Move them around to your heart's content and then set the funnel to go live.
 Less than 10 minutes you can create what would have taken your those tech nerds weeks to
 do.
 I hope that they put them like over and over again.
 And now the web page inside of your funnel can sell as well as you do.
 Yes, the Edison editor inside of ClickFunnels lets you take the power back from your tech
 guys.
 No longer be handcuffed and held hostage by tech people.
 You can take control of your marketing and start making sales today.
 The ClickFunnels we believe that that's how it should be.
 So try the Edison editor today and be free from your tech guys forever.
 So that was the script.
 So that was something I had to write down.
 I have no one that is in that pane that is gone through the experience over and over and
 over again.
 So it's like, okay I have to do that.
 I can't be focusing on these other things.
 So that's what I went and I focused on and I worked on was writing the script and then
 I actually wrote another script for another.
 Anyway, so I had been writing four scripts today and then went into our padded room back
 here and recorded the voiceovers and I got my brother doing audio editing, Steven's some
 audio editing.
 Anyway, it's just all of the people.
 So the way I'm not able to get so much stuff done is it does come overnight so I don't
 think it's going to or has to but over the last 14 years now I'll be doing this.
 I've built up my team of people who can do all the pieces and everyone on the team has
 like a unique ability that they're good at that I'm not.
 And so I know when I have a project I'm like, okay here's people on my team and they each
 have their unique abilities and I have mine do this thing done.
 It takes all of them.
 So I'm like, okay, send me trying to do Steven's job or Jake's job or Dave's or Scott's or
 other people's jobs.
 I just got to focus on mine and then have everyone do their kind of thing.
 Because anyone of these projects wasn't just like I didn't do all the pieces of it.
 I did just my piece of it.
 And then because we got team is able to go fast.
 So I recommend for you is to start building your team.
 For some reason that's entrepreneurs think that we have the, I don't know why it's like
 like real estate entrepreneurs don't think this but some reason the internet entrepreneurs
 do where we think we have to do everything.
 We have to get a coffee and design and pages and everything.
 But you don't.
 You just have to find people and build a team.
 So I think that for all of us like think about where you're at right now and look at like
 where you're weak and where you're strong.
 And it's funny because for a long time I always thought like I wanted to be a control and
 owner and like that was my thing I always wanted to be like the controller of my other
 business.
 And now looking back it's like the stupid thing ever when I gave them control and I found
 good partners and people and connected them and build a team like that's when things took
 off.
 And so for you I want you guys the moral of today's story I guess you want to call it
 is and you know August 7th listening to Dan Sullivan so I was listening to Dan Sullivan
 recently and he talks a lot about unique abilities so my moral sort of thing you guys
 is to really identify what's your unique ability that nobody else can bring to the table and
 figure out that thing and look at like what are the unique abilities that you need to
 get this thing off the ground or to get this thing into orbit or where, wherever it's
 at to get it to where you want it to be.
 Right.
 And if you're happy with things right then don't stress about like you're good.
 Don't just keep doing what you're doing but if you want to grow or you want to change
 whatever your best shift is that you want to make then look and like hey what unique
 abilities do I need on my team to make this happen.
 And then go start fighting those people start looking for them start you know going out
 there so anyway I guess that's the I guess that's the message for today you know using
 your unique abilities and others to get crap done fast.
 Maybe that's the title today because that's the secret so we all done today.
 I could say like honestly almost any of these little check marks on this list is something
 that like a normal company doesn't like I don't know quarter we did it a lot of today
 and that day tomorrow we're gonna kind of finish these things up and then tomorrow we
 are relaunching one two three four five funnels.
 That's awesome.
 They're like mostly done so it's just gonna be like busting out boom boom boom boom boom
 get them all alive and then what's cool is the time of the end of the day I'm working
 with the Hot Cred App which is insane we have this new app coming out which is gonna
 be cool and then if I get all this stuff done then by the time my kids get here I'll
 be nice and then yeah the next fun projects happen but I'll be pretty proud of this being
 these things done so anyway I hope that helps you guys so identify your unique ability
 bring in others to your team to have other unique abilities that complement yours and
 that's here you're gonna take a little bit faster so that said have fun I'm gonna go
 to bed in my tent here in the office and they say it's not good for men to be alone
 and I agree that's why I'm literally sleeping at the office tonight inside of a tent on
 a cot I'm such a nerd I love it anyway thanks everybody we'll see you guys soon bye.
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow
 our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality TV show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
