 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast
 right now I've been working on
 Funnel hacking live and planning and preparing a bunch of really cool things and I want to share with you as a concept
 That I'm working on for potentially a presentation of my life
 You tell me if you think it's cool, so I'm gonna flush this out and show you guys the magic
 But that said keep theme song we come back and we talk about virtual real estate secrets
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so funnel hacking lives coming I'm pumped. I'm excited. We're planning out the event the venue the like the excitement the end
 Like the speakers the presentations
 What I want you guys to get the time-lining storyboarding out the entire thing and if you knew how much goes into
 Goes into fun hacking live you would you would?
 You'd be pretty excited for those who have been in the past you know
 It is a huge show and for those who haven't been yet this year's gonna be the best ever and why because number one
 I'm hoping by then most of the covid restrictions are done
 We can just have a normal bit if not we got some backup and contingency plans
 But for most of us we haven't hung out for a long time and I want to get together hang out with a bunch of funnel hackers
 So the parties aren't we're doing it's happening in Florida
 If you don't have to take it shit go to funnel hacking live calm it's coming up this September, but
 Regardless the reason why I'm here today is tell you guys I'm in planning this event and I've got
 Some really cool stuff. I'm gonna share and we have some big updates. There's so much so much stuff that
 I'm
 They're constraining me from speaking. I'm not to tell you guys, but
 Regardless, I promise you you will want to be there. It's gonna be worth it
 We do have virtual options this year and so for those who can't physically come you can watch you can tend virtually as well
 But anyway, I'm working on some of my ideas for content and I have something I want to talk about spend on my mind for literally
 10 12 years and it's this concept of virtual real estate, okay, and
 Obviously most you guys know what real estate is right you buy houses you flip houses you rehab houses you
 Know money down like all the stuff right there's a million different ways to make money in real estate
 And but as cool that is real estate typically cost a lot of money if you go and do the things which is kind of annoying and so
 I want to talk about this concept called virtual real estate, which is web properties, right?
 What's interesting is anything you can do with
 and you can do with
 with like a
 Real property right like actual real estate you use same things
 With virtual real estate especially as you start becoming a master of all these principles and these concepts you've been learning from us, right?
 You learn about funnel building and traffic generation and copy and storytelling and all these things when you learn and start mastering these things
 You can literally do the exact same things that people are doing real estate
 But with virtual real estate and honestly, it's a lot more profitable a lot more
 A lot less startup costs and things like that right so for example, let's say I want to go into actual real estate
 Right so I'm gonna go find a house and I'm gonna I'm gonna find this I'm gonna find a house is underpriced
 I'm gonna buy it right so say I find a house for 200 grand or whatever by this house
 I'm gonna take them to fix it up. I'm gonna stop some paint on it. I'm gonna throw in a new washer and dryer a new refrigerator
 I'm gonna you know, whatever lipstick and ruse to make this house nice and then I'm gonna go flip it make like
 $50,000 profit, right? There's a strategy in in regular real estate, right?
 Now you may be saying well, how does that work in virtual real estate? Okay?
 Well, there's a lot of people who've created some insanely cool products who don't know what you know, right?
 And there's a lot of places to find these things one of them is flipa.com
 Which is a cool place that is literally a marketplace of people selling websites and products and businesses that they created they couldn't figure out and there's tons of other
 Marketplaces. I don't have them here. I'll talk to my head, but flip is one of my favorites. I go to almost daily. I look at flipa
 There's other ones out there. I
 Think Shopify's got a marketplace all their old Shopify store or Shopify store owners to sell theirs
 Anyway, there's a lot of mouth there
 But basically you go to the store and you find something where someone's got a really really cool product
 But they suck at what all the stuff that you're good at right? So it's like a house like you find this underpriced house
 Like yeah, the house looks like crap
 But I know all you do is throw some lipstick on this thing right some paint it's a new refrigerator
 And this thing's out something gonna be worth fifty thousand dollars more
 Right, you do the same thing online as you buy these you can buy a website for five grand ten grand fifty grand a hundred
 And whatever it is right a lot less typically than a house you buy the things. Okay, I know these principles now
 I understand this thing needs a funnel right? I found the shop by source got a whole product line a whole bunch of SKUs
 But no one's buying it because there's no funnel so I know how to build a funnel right your funnel is your version of some paint
 You're slapping up on the thing right or you're putting in a new fridge and a dishwasher to make the the resale value go up
 You put a funnel in right you you guys know traffic generation
 I've read traffic secrets you plug in some traffic short-time traffic people go through the funnel you make some money follow up sequence
 Then plugs them into the Shopify store and boom all this thing that's making no money
 You buy for five grand is now making five grand a month ten grand a month
 Whatever it is now you can take that and you can flip it or you can just keep it like cash flow
 Right you can say new the house you can let the house cash flow or you can flip it or a whole bunch of other things
 Okay, it's powerful. I think this is primarily my fault like I obviously am very passionate and excited about
 Me and you guys creating business that out of our minds right like like writing creating courses and products and like I talk a lot about that
 Right or creating e-commerce stuff
 You go and you find a product and you use source it from from China or whatever right we talk about those things a lot
 But what people don't talk about is the fact that there's tons millions of businesses the people built that are there
 They're just dead right or they're mostly dead we can come in and buy them at a huge discount or the products to figure out the content
 That you know all the stuff's done. They still have traffic. They just don't have a funnel
 They still have a good video that have good storytelling that have like the things that you have now
 It's you know how to go create anything from scratch
 You can buy these things and for pennies on a dollar buy it apply the lipstick and Rouge that you've been learning through all the stuff
 I've been teaching you now for the last two decades right and all of a sudden you can start making money out of the gate
 And so secretly as I've been thinking about fun lacking live now for the last year since we hung out last
 I've been thinking about this and I was like I want to I want to do this
 But once there's some case studies of me doing it
 And so when COVID hit a lot of businesses went under a lot of businesses got shut down a lot of them
 They lost their cash a lot of them like all sorts of things start happening
 So I started looking for these opportunities and start buying a handful of them
 And what's fun is I won't be able to show you guys now because we're in the process of my fun lacking live
 I'll be able to show you like hey, I bought this company here. I bought it for $50,000
 I applied this funnel this traffic strategy these three things put up put up online now it's making 10 grand a month
 Right? I bought this one right here for this. I bought this one for free
 I just had to cover the new inventory cost paid for the inventory cost
 I applied this funnel this funnel this funnel boom launched it and look what happened and I'm gonna have tons of case days to show you guys
 So that's kind of something to look forward to for lucky live but for right now what you are thinking about as well
 Okay, it's on my mind. It's fun. It's exciting
 I think about like what what businesses are out there that you could buy you could partner with you could take equity and you could
 You know went out of business you could go get the assets and you could turn it back into a business
 You turn it back on do you get Tai Lopez right now?
 the highest
 he's
 You can say what you want some people love people hate him. I have so much respect for him
 I think he's the man I find out a bunch of times and one thing that he's killing right now
 He went he bought Radio Shack like they're going under he bought Radio Shack and he's flipping it out. He bought
 Franklin Mint he bought
 Pure one imports he bought he's like crazy companies is literally nuts and he's buying him for pennies on dollar
 Flipping him turning into e-commerce should know the physical occasions that he's killing it with it right now
 Right, it's like this is what I'm talking about but it's small scale like ties with this huge scale
 Even I'm like that's ridiculous. You bought pure one imports dude like that's nuts right or radio shack come on radio shack
 It's just insane like that's the season right now, which yeah, we can get there someday
 But right now like there's tons of little deals tons of little things you can go and like just for today for fun
 Go to flip a dot com fli ppa
 Dot com go there and scroll through look for all the businesses are for sale and just look at him and say like
 This is the mental exercise. Look at the business and say okay. This is a house
 I'm gonna rehab this house if I was to buy this house what what funnels would I apply to make this thing successful?
 Okay, so for example one of the ones that I am
 recently acquired
 Is a supplement company okay, and so supplement companies say okay
 They they had a Shopify store they had product the products were really good, but they don't have funnels right
 So what funnels would I apply I'm like well first off they need a supplement funnel right so there's a supplement funnel second
 I'm like what kind of funnel could be like what could we create to get more people into the funnel like well
 We can make a challenge tied to the supplements. There's a challenge funnel. There's a supplement funnel right it's those things
 They're there's like now
 The people out of before they had a lot of organic traffic. They're selling on Amazon and things like that
 But they had no traffic service like hey well who's our dream 100? What's the traffic strategy right?
 And then it's like well they don't have anything to sell us other than just a picture of the product like what's the story?
 What's the videos we can make to like capture the story of this product?
 And so I'm just going through like doc on secrets experts secrets traffic secrets applying applying these little principles that you've been getting forever and
 We'll launch this company. It'll be live before fun. I'm lacking live you have a chance to see it, but
 That's what we're doing. That's the game plan
 So if you guys go look at that and and Roy's like what's nice about this a lot of times you can buy these things for pennies on dollar
 You don't have to go and actually
 Be the front person the guru whatever like you just got to create the different assets create the pieces plug them all in there
 and that quickly you guys have
 Just again, it's lipstick and rutus
 You're putting the paint up on the on the house you're plugging in the you're plugging in the
 The whatever is on the front end, you know
 You're you're fixing the the washer and dryer
 One of those things are and also you have the businesses cranking and again
 Imagine if I business or five grand and within by applying two funnels and one traffic strategy or one funnel and two traffic strategies
 Now it's netting five grand a month like holy cow. How many times could you do that? Right?
 Just because you may not be able to make I'm not good. I'm not good on video. I don't have a creative product
 I can't I don't know my own frameworks like you get you know
 All the excuses that so many people have when they hear my stuff
 It's like hey cool then don't go buy something and let's rehab it this fix it. Let's flip it
 Let's let's cash flow like there's so many strategies
 They're so simple and all of this is taking the same principles that you've learned that you understand that we've been talking about and applying it
 To these kinds of business. So there you go. Hope that helps
 I hope it gives you some ideas if you're not fun hacking live you're insane
 We're gonna be going deep in the stuff. It's gonna be so much fun
 Make sure you're there. I'll be sure the as case studies example showing us what we're doing
 How we're doing it why we're doing it and hopefully gets you fired up and excited
 Without said I am gonna go to flip it out calm and go find another business to buy
 Because I need some more case studies for you guys. So
 Appreciate y'all. Hope this helps. Hope to get the wheels and you're spinning now
 See you guys at funnel hacking live go your tickets funnel hacking live calm. Thanks everybody and we'll see you soon. Bye
 Hey everybody this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes
 Every single day answering questions through text message to people who are on the podcast
 And so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, and the phone over your text is
 208-231-3797
 Once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then they'll send you back a message where you can add me to
 Your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this text and communities where I'm gonna be giving out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book
 I'll let you know about book signings about times I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you are on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
