 Surprise! I've got Lady Boss. I know I know I'm not Lady or Boss, but there's a really good story behind it.
 So that's what we talk about in today's episode.
 You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 Okay, so I'm gonna tell you guys the story behind the story because there are so many rumors going about
 and I can't even like address them all because they're all over the place.
 But yes, I did buy Lady Boss last year and we are like moments away from a relaunch.
 And this episode is more to kind of tell you guys behind the scenes, but some of you guys may want to be involved in Lady Boss.
 And so if you're interested, there is a virtual event coming up.
 It's called the Phoenix Rise Up event because basically it's the rebirth of this company or relaunching it.
 And if you are someone who's like, "I want to be part of that," you'll know more about the model here in a little bit.
 But if you do, if you're interested, if you go to marketingseeker.com/ladyboss,
 it'll take you to the registration page.
 You can register beyond the live event where you kind of do the big behind the scenes announcement.
 You guys may get some of the hints before anybody else.
 And so keep it kind of on the down low because during this virtual event is when we're gonna kind of announce
 what's actually happening to the Lady Boss community, which would be fun.
 But I want to give you guys a heads up because I've got so many questions coming in.
 I know it's still a little pink in here, but that's what's happening when we're wrapped in Lady Boss all the time.
 So let me go back in time to the very, very beginning.
 So I think it was FHL. I think it was a second or the third FHL.
 I can't remember, but I was sitting at our round, this back when we were doing round tables, which were really fun.
 I think we might be bringing these back for this year's FHL because I missed them.
 But I was sitting at a round table surrounded by a thousand people asking a million different questions.
 It was really fun.
 And then somebody tasked me with a shoulder to look back and there's this guy with like tall, spiky hair.
 And he's like, "Russel Brunson, you changed my life."
 I'm like, "Hey, thanks man."
 He's like, "I gotta go."
 And he took off.
 And I was like, "Okay, that was random, but there's so much chaos that whatever."
 And then at that event, we obviously sold our coaching program.
 We also sold Inner Circle and Brandon and his wife, Kailen, both joined Inner Circle.
 So a month or two later, they were invoicing at our first meeting as first time I had a chance to kind of meet them in person.
 And it was funny because he's like, "Did you get the video I sent you like a year ago?"
 And I'm like, "What are you talking about?"
 It's like, "I sent you a video.
 It sounds like you'd be your biggest success towards you."
 You ever see that?
 I'm like, "I don't know if I did."
 So we ended up finding it eventually and Brandon and Kailen had just launched their very first funnel they made.
 I don't know how much they made.
 They made some money in it and then they made a video saying, "I'm going to be your biggest success story."
 And it was funny now looking at it because they were so young in that picture.
 So young as before they had kids, before they launched any of this.
 And that was kind of the very beginning of it.
 And so I remember I found that video, I watched it and I was like, "This is cool."
 And now they were in Inner Circle.
 And then fast forward next three or four years, every two or three months, they would fly to Boise, Idaho for an Inner Circle meeting.
 We talk about things and we'd work with them on their products and their services and their branding and what they're going to do and how they're going to launch it.
 All the stuff we do inside the Inner Circle.
 And I remember the first probably year, year and a half or so as they were coming to Boise, the company wasn't called Lady Boss.
 Kailen's maiden name was Tool T-U-E-L-L and the business was called Tool Time Trainer.
 And so she had an app and things like that and that's what she was doing.
 And so that was kind of the business.
 And I remember at one of the Inner Circle meetings, it was actually while I was writing the Expert Secrets book.
 And so it wasn't actually out yet but I was talking about these principles.
 And so during Inner Circle, I'd be sharing the ideas.
 I'm thinking about this.
 I'm trying to do the ClickFunnels and I'm trying to build a community.
 I'm building, you know, I'm calling people funnel hackers.
 This is how we're doing it.
 And I was like going through the whole thing.
 I was talking about identity and like we have these T-shirts that say funnel hacker.
 I'm like, it's interesting because we've tried a bunch of T-shirts and the only way T-shirts work is if they are self-identified.
 Like, I am a funnel hacker.
 I build funnels.
 Like something where something's like, "This is who I am.
 This is my identity."
 If we have that on a T-shirt, then they did really, really well.
 People wore them and they shared them and like, but if it was just like a random like T-shirt, they didn't.
 And I remember, I came up with Brandon and I came in the time.
 They were talking about that and they were like, "What do we call our people?
 We call them tools?
 We call them trainer?
 Like, what do we do?"
 And I could tell they were kind of frustrated because like their business at the time didn't fit into the model.
 We were showing people how to create a mass movement, right?
 Everything's like Expert Secrets 101 now.
 But I was teaching that, you know, a year before the book ever came out.
 And they were trying to figure out how to weed these things in.
 And then what's crazy is that, you know, Brandon came with flying home and while Kayla was in the air,
 she like was trying to think through these things also.
 She's like, "Boom, lady boss weight loss.
 That's what's called our women are called.
 Lady bosses."
 And she had this whole thing.
 And by the time she landed, they're boxing me and like messaging me like, "Lady boss weight loss,
 this is the future.
 This is what we're doing.
 They're so excited."
 And I was like, "Holy cow, you guys move so fast."
 And a week later, they had like the logos and the branding and all sorts of stuff.
 And it was pink.
 And it was all these things.
 And they had their mission and like, and then they started following everything we talked about in Expert Secrets to the T.
 In fact, it was funny because a lot of the stories in Expert Secrets are from Kayla.
 Like I would do something and then she would do the same thing.
 And I would do something, she would do the same thing and then she would make her twist and her tweaks on it.
 And so it's crazy.
 Looking back in the ClickFunnels journey, I think my favorite years were like during that time when it was like Brandon and Kayla and her Moseys and a couple other people who are going through it.
 And like everything we were like, I thought we were learning it in real time.
 I was testing it in my communities.
 They were testing it in their communities.
 We were reporting back and making tweaks and changes.
 And it was just, it was a fun time.
 And like I said, every three or four months they fly to Boise.
 We sit down and we talk about the business and what we could do and how to grow.
 And like, so I feel like this was, I feel like I was part of it.
 In fact, people ask me one time like why I did my masterminds and stuff.
 Like you could just make more money doing these things.
 And I was like, well, I have ADD and you guys probably could see this because, you know, this whole new season, what season, week three season three, the podcast episode I've been sharing more of my ADD.
 But back in the day, pre-click fun, I had like a thousand of her businesses.
 And like, I was just, I had horrible AD.
 I was doing all of them.
 And then I shut them down and focus on ClickFunnels and did just ClickFunnels for like eight years, which is why I grew so big.
 And then now my ADD is kind of coming back out and I'm buying companies and relaunching stuff, as you can kind of tell.
 But a big reason why I did it or Circle for so long was because it gave me an outlet where I could be creative, but not have to like launch a business, right?
 Like all my inter-circle members could come to Boise.
 Because they're like, be creative.
 Like, all of this is my business.
 I would do this.
 I would do this.
 I would do this.
 I would do this.
 And they'd go and do it.
 And I could go back to work on ClickFunnels and not worry about it.
 Right.
 It's like, I love that it was like someone most fun times going back and forth.
 And I feel like if you look at the Lady Boss business in brand, it was probably the business that encapsulated all of our core training the best.
 Right.
 If you look at dot com secrets, expert secrets, traffic secrets and how they took this business and grew it from becoming like being a literal zero, you know, little startup to pre click funnels to they ended becoming number four on the Inc.
 500 fastest growing companies, number one fastest growing consumer product company.
 I'm not going to share revenues, stats, kind of like, you know, trying to do those kind of things.
 But built a really, really big company.
 Right.
 And so for me, it was like, I had a sense of pride.
 Like, I was so proud of them.
 They're like, you know, by star students, but also like, they went out there and innovated so many things.
 I learned so much from them as well.
 And I was just super proud of what they did.
 And they are too.
 Right.
 So I'm so proud of this whole business as brand.
 But as you will find out if you go to the Phoenix Rise Up event, you know, Caitlin had a baby and they said another baby and she wanted to go back and wanted to be a mom.
 And I think they tried to sell the company at one point and didn't really work out.
 And, you know, about times when all the algorithm changes with Facebook and iOS, all the things and unbeknownst to me, Brandon and Caitlin, they made a decision to just shut down Lady Boss.
 And I was actually, it was like a month or a couple months after after FHL because I was in her circle meeting.
 So then I'm in April-ish.
 I was in the meeting and I went behind, I went back to eat lunch and I pulled my phone and there's an email from Caitlin saying we're shutting Lady Boss down.
 And they told old story like, hey, we decided we're not going to do this anymore.
 We're, you know, all this kind of stuff.
 And I remember reading the email and I was like, what in the world?
 Like just being blown away.
 Like I know how much effort went into this.
 I know what they did.
 I know what they created and to shut it down.
 First I was nervous.
 I thought something might have happened.
 So I messaged my kids.
 Okay.
 Like I'd help anything and I know we're just we're ready for the next chapter of life.
 You know, Caitlin wanted to focus on me and mom.
 They'd save a ton of money from the business.
 Brandon wanted to, you know, he, he, Brandon's like one of the best operational minds of all time, right?
 Like he, he wanted, he'd operationally built the infrastructure to build Lady Boss and he wanted to go and coach people on how to do that.
 Right.
 And so he wanted, he said, I don't want to keep running a female weight loss business.
 My wife's not involved.
 I want to go do these other things.
 And so they've decided that it had been simpler just to shut it down and kind of close it down.
 And so over the next few weeks and then months, if you were on the list, you probably saw they were doing blowouts.
 I was like selling out all the rest of Lady Boss lean and this try to like clear out the inventory and tons of emails are going out.
 And I was just like, yeah, this is such like, I don't know, part of me is like, if I could pop, you know, a proud parent or dad or whatever, like this is my baby's like, they're coming up and like, look what they created in this, like going away.
 I'm like, I don't want to go away.
 And I had a bunch of friends who I was like, you, like people in the female fitness space, my huge bias company, by this kind of like trying to somebody buy this company, make them an offer.
 Like you guys are crazy.
 Not doing, say, even email us like 1.4 million women, 700,000 customers have bought like Lady Boss lean.
 I think that 26,000 people in ownership, like you guys should buy this company.
 You are crazy.
 Not you.
 I get sent to all these different influencers and people like somebody buy this company like, like, again, the Rembrandt in the attic.
 Like it is there.
 It is sitting there, this Rembrandt in the attic.
 Like, how do you guys not see it?
 And nobody can see it and they keep doing these blowouts cells and get closer and closer.
 And I remember on Mother's Day, my wife and I were hanging out with James and Yada.
 If you guys know James frilling Yada Golden, some of my favorite humans in the world, they help their in a minor circle and they help.
 They are actually in the category Kings program to help coach and facilitate one of the inner circle groups.
 But we were Mother's Day hanging out with them and they told me that like basically it almost, you know, that I grandi came and I almost sold inventory and they don't have any buyers.
 So they were trying to sell pieces of it and I had this thought like, I wonder if...
 I don't think I even wanted to buy that point yet, but I was more so like, like, what would you actually be able to sell for?
 Like, I should be able to find something that can buy this.
 And so I texted Brandon and I'm like, how much would you actually sell this for?
 And I'm not allowed to disclose numbers and stuff, but we told me the number.
 I was like, holy crap.
 Even if I just bought it and flipped it to somebody, that would be worth it.
 But I was like, like, just the email list alone, 1.3 1.4 million women, whatever is worth way more than that.
 And I texted back, I'm like, dude, I might actually be interested in buying that.
 I think he thought was a joke.
 He's like, he's like, serious?
 Like, you're not a lady.
 Like, I know, I know we all get it.
 I'm not a lady.
 I can't, you know, I don't wear a pink.
 I never have, but I understand the opportunity, right?
 There's Rembrandt in the attic.
 And so we went back and forth a couple of times and I didn't know what we were going to do
 and how we were going to do it.
 I was just like, there's something here that's powerful.
 And I can get it.
 This is a price that is really, really, really reasonable and Brandon's even really in finance.
 Like we talked about some of the other episodes, like, as you put some money down and then just finance it over time.
 And so I was like, this is too cool to not do.
 And so I don't want to spoil all the surprises.
 Again, I want you to go to the Lady Bosphoenix Rise Up event and again, here's the link again.
 If you haven't gone there, it's a free virtual network.
 I'm going to be telling the story.
 We actually filmed a like a 25 minute documentary of Brandon and Caitlin telling their side of the story,
 which is like, so fast and you get it.
 Like just from a learning education point, you should go in if you don't want to be part of Lady Bosph.
 But if you go to again, marketing seekers.com/ladyboss will take you the registration page.
 But anyway, I decided to buy it.
 We made the offer and the time I was like, I don't know what to do with this.
 I was like, maybe we build a certification program, right?
 Because I was like, I don't really understand the female weight loss of business.
 But I was like, they had already built a whole coaching program, things like that.
 And I was like, if we certify people to become Lady Bosph trainers,
 then, you know, those Lady Bosph trainers are going to need funnels or going to need traffic.
 Like we can help them click funnels.
 I was like, maybe that's the idea.
 And so we kind of started going that direction for a little while.
 And then I had the idea and I was nervous.
 I was first off nervous because I didn't want Brandon and Caitlin to find out what my idea was.
 Number two, I was nervous.
 Like, I actually want to do this.
 Number three, I was also nervous.
 Like, I think some of the Lady Bosph community may not be happy by this.
 But I also like this is the way for this business and this brand to explode, to have the impact.
 I think it's possible.
 If you rewind back and look at what Brandon and Caitlin were doing before all the iOS updates
 and all the stuff there and they were spending almost a million dollars a month in ads to sell the products, right?
 And all that money was going to Mark Zuckerberg and Google and Insta, you know, like,
 and it was them doing all the traffic themselves.
 And again, they built an amazing company, but 100% of marketing was relying on them.
 Now, I have two close friends.
 One of them goes to church with me.
 He started a company may have heard it before as a little candle company, but they were wickless candles, right?
 There's no, there's no wick in it.
 So he had these candles and you may have heard the companies called Sensi and it's wax.
 You guys get this wax with a light that heats the wax and they're like an eight or nine hundred million dollar your company.
 And every time I talk to Orville, who's the owner of that, he's always like, oh, you should launch an email.
 I'm like, why are you doing a ClickFunnels in Emmeline?
 Why don't you do?
 I'm like, no, I don't want to sell the business model I want to do for ClickFunnels and my stuff, right?
 But every single time I have a conversation with them, like, that's the default because I'm like,
 I'm spending, you know, three or four million dollars a month in ads now.
 He's like, why would you spend any money ads?
 Like, turn in the network marketing program and give all the money to the people instead of to Mark Zuckerberg.
 I'm like, I know, but like, you know, whatever, I fill in the blank of why I didn't want to do it.
 My other friend is Brian, who owns Prove it.
 We helped him kind of launch that way back in the day and it's been around for as long as ClickFunnels.
 And I don't know, there's act numbers.
 They were close to like 400 million dollars last year, never spending a penny on any ad.
 And I was like, man, right now the ad platform is the thing that's kind of wonky and people are struggling,
 especially for a female weight loss business.
 And I was like, and we have 1.3 million women on email list with 700,000 people who have purchased this product and love it.
 26,000 who are on continuity when we, when they decided to shut it down.
 And I was like, what if instead of us dumping a whole bunch of money to Zuckerberg, we decided to do that model to make this a network marketing program where number one,
 what if people just love the way things were they could just buy it the way it was before.
 It doesn't change anything for our customers.
 But for the women who are evangelists who are already sharing this anyway, like they're at the gym wearing their lady boss clothes and they're telling their friends about it and they're selling this stuff without getting paid for anyway.
 Right.
 Like my wife has a big old lady boss sticker on the back of our truck.
 So my kids know which car is hers because there's a big old lady boss sticker people ask for our time.
 What is that?
 Oh, it's lady boss.
 She should go buy some lady boss thing.
 My wife's probably sold a million dollars.
 I'm exaggerating.
 My wife sold a whole bunch of lady boss link because she tells me about all 10.
 And she gets nothing out of it.
 This whole lady boss community, a bunch of bunch of women who bring their friends in and bring more friends in and they never got paid for us.
 Like, what if we shifted the model and again, I've been so nervous about network marketing for so long.
 But I was like, this is the model that makes the most sense for this business.
 Right.
 Because this community that came and built up, it will become something where these women can make money by referring things.
 This can become people's career.
 Like they can build actual careers and businesses out of this, which was so exciting.
 My biggest fear though is like, I didn't want to tell Brandon and Kaylin.
 They both came from network market background.
 They were in a company called by Salas.
 They built up a huge thing before they transitioned to lady bosses.
 So I knew that they had some, you know, some thoughts or beliefs about.
 I was just nervous about telling them.
 In fact, I didn't tell them all the way until fun hacking live.
 Fun hacking live.
 We were trying to work on this other project together.
 We're doing Caitlin's actually working on course and a mastermind on how to become an attractive character, which is so cool.
 So they came back stage.
 We're kind of talking about working together on that project.
 And then Kaylin asked like, so what do you do with lady boss?
 I'm like, I don't really know.
 Yeah.
 So they just told me.
 Just tell me.
 I think I just tell me.
 I can take it.
 I was like, oh, I don't want you to be mad about it.
 I'm like, okay.
 She's like, and I told her, like, I'm going to turn it into a network marketing program.
 And she's like, I knew it.
 I knew it.
 We knew that's the way you were going to do.
 We didn't want to do it.
 But it's totally the best thing to do.
 She's like, all these women are rabid fans.
 They all share anyway.
 And she's like, that's how I've got into this world.
 I built this company.
 I was network marketing before.
 She's like, I love the model.
 She's like, we just didn't want to, we didn't want to run that.
 Which is like, it's the perfect model for lady boss.
 You know, she's like, for most of the women, they can't go and spend a million dollars a month to build their own supplement company.
 Right.
 She's like, I couldn't have done it initially.
 Right.
 And to get to this point, there's so much risk and trial and error and struggle.
 All the things that went into actually building.
 She's like, with this, you get every single woman who is a lady boss, the opportunity to start their own business to become a little mini-calan.
 They become an influencer.
 They can be socially, can like lose weight and then make money doing it.
 And like, she's like, for some of them, it means they're going to get free lady boss.
 And she's like, for some of them, though, it means they are going to have a career.
 Right.
 And they can become, they can do what I was doing and they can have a, you know, and she was going, and she was all so excited.
 I'm like, I'm so excited that she's excited.
 I thought for sure she was going to like yell at me instead of tell her I'm ruining the business.
 And so he got me excited just knowing like, oh, okay, this is okay.
 This is like, this is going to be the thing.
 And so that's what's partially.
 I mean, obviously we're doing a lot of things that the lady boss Phoenix rise up and we're talking about the relaunch, how this business is brand is rising up from the ashes to be the new version lady boss, but also the message for the women who are there is that this is your opportunity for you to rise up.
 And step into your career and step into this calling where you can actually be a lady boss.
 You can do it.
 Kaitlyn did without the risk and the headaches and the overhead and the cost and everything.
 You can get in there and start being like doing this today.
 Right.
 And I'm working right now on a deal.
 Hopefully, I think this is Russell and being horrible keeping secrets, but we're trying to work on a deal to have Kaitlyn come back in and train all the lady bosses to do what she did.
 Like, how do you master Instagram and Facebook and all these platforms you can build your following and making same amounts of money talking about lady bosses.
 So there's so many fun things we're going to be doing with this, but it's on the foundation, the marketing.
 Distribution channel of network marketing.
 And so it gives us the opportunity to give Zucka, we're going million dollars a month instead.
 I get to give lady bosses a million dollars a month, which I think is is is more exciting.
 And again, it's tough to know some people be turned off by that.
 So we're like, I'm going to go away.
 But for other people, this will become their new career.
 This will become a change in the life forever, which is exciting.
 I have all my, all my dudes are like, why don't you do a guy?
 I'm going to be part of it.
 I'm like, I don't know, but all of them are getting their wife's and like, honey, you got to be in this honey and like the bring people in.
 You know, so it's, it's, it's going to be powerful.
 And so I'm excited.
 I don't want to say words like ground floor opportunity or amazing thing because those words are cliche.
 But come on now.
 We're about to launch this to an internal email list of 1.3 million women.
 Like you think about most network marketing companies start the person and they tell two friends.
 They tell two friends and it grows organically and five years later.
 There's huge company where's we just start with so much amazingness.
 And so I'm excited.
 And so, okay, a couple of cool things along the journey.
 So there's kind of the background, the model, what we're doing.
 But this is like, this people always ask me, well, what, like, what's the plan?
 Are you relaunching all the supplements?
 And the answer is no.
 First thing we did is looked at, okay, here's everything that that lady boss has sold in the last 10 years, right?
 Like we start looking at like, where's the, where's the 80 20?
 Where's the 95 five?
 Right.
 Like where's most of money making?
 So my question here's pop quiz for you guys.
 And let me know in the comments down below if you're watching this on YouTube or just think about it.
 If you're listening to podcasts, but of all the products, they have like their app.
 They got their swag.
 They got their, like all the things they got that supplements.
 They got proteins.
 They got pre workout, post workout, protein bars.
 Like all the things they sell.
 Where do you think the majority like 90 somewhat percent of all the profit comes from this business?
 Pop quiz.
 What do you think?
 Okay.
 I mean, five seconds, five, four, three, two, one, click subscribe.
 Just kidding.
 Okay.
 Do you guys know what it is?
 90% of the money in this business comes from lady boss lean.
 Okay.
 This is their protein shape.
 And I think it's like 70 30.
 70% comes from vanilla cake flavored and like 30% comes from the brownie batter.
 And then the other like, I guess my percentages aren't correct because that's 100%.
 But then there's like all the other flavors of lady boss that also sells as well.
 But it's like almost all is these two flavors, chocolate vanilla.
 Isn't that crazy brownie batter and cake and the cake was cool because those who have been part of this is cool because they can mix it.
 You can make, you can make cookies and cookie dough and you can bake with it.
 And there's a million different recipes and stuff you can do with this as well.
 So with the relaunch the company, we're all launching all the products and all the skews eventually will bring back the ones that are best sellers.
 But it's nice because we have 10 years with the data, like what people actually buy.
 You know, one of the things that struggles when you launch new companies, you get excited about a product you buy the inventory, you launch it and then the inventory sells or doesn't sell.
 Right.
 For example, lady boss the bars like these bars as great as having your own bar are they just don't sell as well.
 And they also the shelf life really like this right here is like, it's hard to rock because the shelf life on a bar is not that good.
 Okay, chance to be bringing back a bar or zero to none.
 Well, maybe someday I'm not going to I'm not going to complete a rule now, but it's it's way more expensive.
 It's hard to the shelf ice long.
 But like we know this work so with it launching, we're launching him in these single sur packs.
 We have cake and lean.
 This will be the first thing that we roll out.
 Russell, what kind of funnel type are you using for this?
 Well, I'm glad you asked after this lady boss Phoenix rise of event after we finished that, which by the way, you need to get there.
 Go to marketing seekers.com slash lady boss.
 Go subscribe to his free event.
 You hear the whole story.
 You'll see the documentary with Caitlin telling her story.
 You'll see them, you know, again, if you just want to come and funnel hack me, come funnel hack, it'll be worth it.
 It'll be worth it for those of you as well.
 Just see the process of how we're doing it.
 After we do that initial launch, what's going to happen is that we're picking one funnel to focus on.
 So can you guess the funnel is going to be next pop quiz to pop quizzes in one video?
 Come on now.
 Is it a webinar funnel?
 Is it a challenge funnel?
 Is it a book funnel?
 Like what kind of funnel is it?
 The answer is it's a challenge funnel.
 So we're going to launch a challenge funnel.
 Weight loss is big for challenges.
 So we'll be doing a challenge funnel and where people go and they register for the challenge and it's weight loss challenge.
 It's the same challenge that Caitlin used to sell for, I think, $97 back in the day.
 It'll become a free challenge.
 People register for the challenge.
 We'll upsell them Lady Boslin and they go to the challenge and start losing weight.
 And then I think on day eight, we will have a presentation to have them invite their friends to challenge and bring more people in and it'll kind of grow from there.
 And so initially, you know, probably year number one is going to be the two Lady Boslin flavors, the challenge funnel.
 And that's where the majority of the focal point effort and all the traffic will be going to everyone be referring people to challenge.
 Eventually, they will come back and take Caitlin's book and we'll do a funnel, a book funnel, eventually, a webinar, a bunch of other funnels.
 What's going to be cool about is that us corporate will build these funnels and then people can go and make a traffic.
 They can send emails to the list.
 They can talk about social teams.
 If you will come join them by challenge, someone joins the challenge and they go through the process and the funnels will help do the closing and the selling and all that kind of stuff for them, which would be really, really cool.
 It's going to be the first legitimate case study of a network marketing company using funnels, which is crazy to me.
 I've been trying for a decade to network marketing companies to understand like the power of a funnel.
 I wrote a book about it. Dan Kennedy wrote a book about it, which I found.
 There's one copy on this planet.
 I found it.
 It's kind of cool, but that's a story from the day.
 But like these principles that we talk about, I've tried so hard and I cannot get any network marketing coming to embrace funnels for whatever reason.
 And so what's cool about Lady Boslin is that it'll be funnel driven.
 So we'll be having all these funnels tested, perfected, tweaked, all sorts of things so that people will drive people to challenge funnel and the process happened to a book funnel.
 The process will happen.
 Like it'll be it's going to be cool.
 It'll be the first time that funnels network marketing have been proven have been done together at the corporate level at scale.
 I think it will change the way network marketing is done forever.
 And this will be the case study to show improved that the model actually works.
 And so how exciting is that you guys like if they were in network marketing, you know, because all the guys are trying to build funnels on the side and then you always get slapped on hand by corporate.
 It's like, oh, you can't do that.
 And so, you know, all these different things, you know, and I've tried multiple times multiple companies to build funnels and get them corporate and the corporate never does anything with them.
 It's just like it's insane.
 So it's cool by this is the fact we'll be able to blend these two worlds together and show people how like how we can make this all work.
 So it's exciting.
 And that's kind of the update.
 So you're getting this kind of, you know, first recap before it all launches.
 I'm sure we'll be more updates on Lady Boss story.
 But the next steps are number one is we're doing the virtual event to kind of relaunch it.
 So again, if you depending on your watch this, you should go and if it's still there, go register and go watch it.
 If you're at marketing seekers.com/ladyboss, I'll take you to the to the Lady Boss Phoenix rise up event.
 We're going to be talking about this company rising from the ashes.
 We're showing documentary and you'll see probably the first ever stack in the clothes pitch ever happening in network marketing history, which is also like another pretty cool thing.
 And then that's done like a week or two later, and we launched the first challenge funnel and then you'll see that will be the focal point is optimizing that craze that challenge funnel getting people to buy Lady Boss lean and then bringing in more people to challenge funnel with them.
 And that'll be the game plan for probably next 12 months.
 And then from there, we'll start adding other other ideas, other things, but I'm excited.
 I'm excited to see what taking network marketing company taking funnels and putting them together, what is possible.
 I'm also looking at like a company was built on the foundations of all the principal we talk about.
 Dotcom secrets, expert seekers, traffic secrets, right?
 The funnels will be building for for for all of the Lady Bosses are bait on the dotcom, secret funnels, right?
 The messaging that we're going to be doing plus training all of the other Lady Boss is out is all the expert secret stuff, right?
 Like imagine we have 10,000 Lady Bosses who are all have learned and mastered Caitlin's presentation and they're doing it socially on their own Facebook profiles and things like that.
 Like imagine that, right?
 And then traffic secret teaching them how to build their Instagram and their Facebook followings and how to actually have, you know, people they can they can build a tribe and then sell these products and services to like it's it's exciting.
 I think it's the marriage of these two really fascinating, really cool, really exciting worlds, the first time ever.
 And so I'm excited and maybe this is going to be a huge bomb and complete flop, which is totally possible.
 I have launched more than one thing that's completely flop to this one will be really painful because there's a lot of money involved in buying the company and getting the supplements and building out network marketing like the software.
 It's it's yeah, I'm hoping this one nails.
 I think it will.
 I'm really excited for it.
 So in fact, when we finally made the the formal presentation to Brandon and Caitlin Brandon looked at me and said, you rise this to be bigger than quick funnels, right?
 I'm like, I want all my companies competing against each other, right?
 Because when banks compete, you win, my companies compete.
 I win, right?
 So it's it's all good.
 I don't really care, but it's going to be a fun one.
 So I'm excited for this and you can follow us on the journey.
 Anyway, if you have any questions for me about Lady Boss, any other things about the model, why we did it, how we did it, all that kind of stuff.
 If you want to become a lady boss, if you want your spouse to become a lady boss and what your your kids and your grandkids and your coworkers, the lady bosses come join in the fund.
 It's going to be amazing.
 It's blending network marketing weight loss and and funnels and selling and all these things into one super super company.
 So I'm pumped.
 I appreciate you guys.
 Again, if you're listening to the podcast, please take a screenshot post on social tag me on it.
 And if you had never rated review, like it would mean the world to me to go to iTunes or wherever you listen to sing and leave a review, especially on this new format of season three where I'm sharing, you guys behind the scenes of all the projects and the funnels and the companies we're doing.
 You're enjoying this format.
 Let me know in the comments of the podcast.
 I mean, the world may give us give us stars.
 You hate this as well.
 I guess you can also go rate review, but I, you know, probably shouldn't be listening to this.
 You hate it. So if you like it, though, go rate and review.
 And if you're watching YouTube, make sure to subscribe to the channel, ring the bell that way.
 Get notifications when new ones come up.
 We have a whole bunch of these coming out showing behind the scenes of all the fun companies rolling out this year.
 We have a lot of fun stuff happening.
 I don't want you to miss any of it.
 And so with that said, thank you so much.
 And I'll see you on the next episode of the marketing secret show.
 (gentle music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
