 (eerie music)
 - You're listening to Marketing Secrets
 with your host, Russell Brunson.
 - Okay, so today I wanna talk about Giru.
 So the first question is, what is Giru?
 How do we find it?
 Why did we buy it and what in the world
 are we gonna be doing with it?
 So the story actually dates back to almost 20 years ago.
 Some of you guys who have been around in my world
 and heard me tell the story about the very first person
 I ever saw who broke the four minute mile
 in internet marketing.
 And it was John Reese.
 John Reese was the first person
 to make over a million dollars in a day selling a course.
 The course was called Traffic Secrets.
 And a decade and a half later I bought the domain from him.
 I wrote a book called Traffic Secrets
 and all that whole story.
 But originally came back to John Reese.
 John Reese was the first real big internet marketing guru.
 He was the first person to do these big numbers,
 these big things.
 And everyone was following him and studying him.
 And it's interesting because back then
 he had the best names for everything.
 He had traffic secrets.
 He happened to own marketing secrets.
 Weird, that's the name of this podcast now.
 He owned product secrets.
 He owned a whole, like all these different things.
 And I think now I think I've pretty much purchased
 everything that John has ever created.
 Again, I bought marketing secrets from him.
 I bought traffic secrets from him.
 I bought basically every business he ever created.
 I've given him money for it eventually.
 And shortly after we launched ClickFunnels,
 he created a really cool product called Giru.
 And one in the world is Giru.
 Giru is funnel simulation software.
 So it's kind of like what ClickFunnels is.
 It's like if it doesn't actually build the funnel,
 it creates a simulation.
 So you can say, if I was to build a funnel and clickFunnels,
 what would it look like?
 You know, a similar one, but I'm going to have a landing page.
 And then after they put their email address on the page one,
 then they're going to go through sales page.
 And then someone buys a product here.
 They're going to go to an order form.
 And then they say, yes, there's going to be up so one.
 And then a downsell.
 And they're upsell two.
 And you can map out the entire funnel
 what you want to look like, which is kind of cool.
 But there's a lot of software you can map out a funnel.
 You could just do it on a pad of paper or whiteboard.
 Like I typically traditionally do.
 If you've ever watched any of my trainings 99.9% of them
 on my model whiteboard, mapping out a funnel, right?
 So that part's not difficult.
 But what Giro does, it's really, really cool.
 It's after you map out the entire funnel,
 it gives you the ability to simulate like,
 what would happen if we sent traffic?
 And what would happen if this page converted this rate?
 And this rate.
 And so what you can do is on each page say,
 okay, let's say the landing page converts it 30%, right?
 So you set 30%.
 And let's say the sales page converts it 5%
 and say upsell one conversion.
 And so you guess what you think the conversion rates
 are gonna be?
 And then you can actually set up traffic.
 Have traffic flow into this funnel and say,
 okay, I'm gonna go on Facebook and let's say
 on Facebook is gonna cost me three hours a click
 or a dollar 50 or a click or everything it's gonna be, right?
 And on YouTube it's gonna cost me this much.
 And so you build out like a simulation
 of what this funnel could possibly look like.
 And then you click a button and say, okay,
 if this is the conversion rate numbers
 and this is how much it costs me to get traffic,
 how much money is this actually gonna make?
 And you can click a button and sit back and watch
 and you see traffic going through it
 and see the numbers popping out.
 And then the day you can see like,
 hey, if this funnel converts to what my guess was,
 I'm gonna break even or I'm gonna lose money
 or I'm gonna be rich, right?
 And so you can see it and you can look at the simulation
 and then say, man, based on the numbers right here,
 this funnel is not gonna convert.
 So if I'm gonna make this work,
 I need to either lower my ad cost
 or I got to increase conversion on upsell one
 or the order form.
 And you can just play and you tweak around with it
 to figure out what it needs to be
 for this funnel to actually be successful.
 And if you look at that, you say,
 do I think that's gonna be possible?
 And if it is, then you take that funnel map,
 that simulation, whatever it is,
 then you would go into ClickFunnels
 and then actually build it out
 and you can launch it to the world.
 And what's cool is after you launch it to the world,
 you can actually look at what the stats
 and numbers look like,
 go back to the funnel simulation software
 and plug it all in.
 Okay, this is what it actually cost me on Facebook,
 what it actually cost me on YouTube.
 This is what the landing page conversion actually was,
 you know, upsell conversions, you build it up
 and then you can see like based on,
 if I keep driving traffic to this,
 I'm gonna go broke or I'm gonna be rich,
 whatever that might be, right?
 And it gives you the ability to say,
 man, what do I need to fix in this funnel, right?
 Oh, if I got the landing page conversion
 from 12% to 17% what does it look like, right?
 And you tweak the numbers, click the button and then like,
 okay, if I can make it,
 if I can get this page increased by 5%,
 then, you know, the funnel starts working,
 then you go back to ClickFunnels
 and you can make those tweaks and changes
 and keep working until you get that 5% conversion, right?
 And so that's kind of what gear is,
 it's a funnel simulation software.
 And it's a tool that I was using for a long, long time
 for myself, our team and I,
 before we launch any funnel,
 usually it still started with me doodling on a whiteboard
 'cause, you know, it's hard to break bad habits.
 It's not bad, how do I love whiteboarding?
 That's the first one from there,
 we usually take it and we build it into gear,
 and we run the simulations and say,
 okay, this is what we gotta get for this funnel to work.
 This is how much ad cost we need to be.
 We have fun kind of simulating it.
 And after we kind of had it mapped out and perfected,
 and everyone on the team knew this is what the funnel
 is gonna look like, this is where our goals are,
 this is what the numbers are gonna be,
 then we go into ClickFunnels and we actually build it out.
 So again, we use this as a tool for a long time.
 In fact, when we launched the traffic secrets book,
 the first upsell I wanted to be was an account to gear.
 And it's kind of funny because I went to John Reese
 at the time, I said, "Hey, can we buy licenses from you
 "and be able to put these in as the upsell?"
 And John told me no.
 And I feel bad because again, trafficseekers.com
 was his domain name I bought for him and it became the book.
 And it's because he went and selling licenses to gear
 to give to all of you guys.
 We ended up finding another company.
 There's something similar, I don't think they did,
 it was a good of a job, but they built a similar software
 and that became the upsell.
 And I think, anyway, I know John was frustrated by that.
 I felt bad.
 I tried to sell his software as the upsell,
 but he, anyway, didn't work out.
 So we sold some other software.
 And fast forward, I don't know, a year or two later,
 John came back and said, "Okay, I'm ready to sell gear.
 "Do you want to buy it as well?"
 And because I bought basically everything else
 he never sold, I was like, "Ah, should we do it?
 "Should we not do it?"
 And that brings us to the decision.
 Like, should we buy another company?
 We had just bought magnetic marketing.
 We had just bought Voomly.
 We were in debt, a lot of money,
 especially from buying Voomly.
 It was not cheap as you guys,
 if you've listened to past podcast episodes, no.
 It was really expensive and we're just like,
 "I didn't want to buy another company."
 But there is one thing we got from the Voomly acquisition.
 If you guys listened to that episode,
 you remember the funnel I walked you through,
 what Brad Callan did different on that funnel
 that made that company blow up?
 Why was it doing $40 million a year?
 And it's because of the way the funnel was structured.
 Okay, there's a lot of people that sell hand-doodle software.
 Okay, the reason why I doodly and tuning in,
 that brand and that business was worth so much money.
 Why I had made so much money
 is because the way that funnel was structured.
 And as John came and offered us to purchase Giru from,
 and I looked at it, I said,
 "This is the cool products, the cool brand,
 "it's cool software, all these things."
 But I knew that the funnel wasn't structured correctly.
 Okay, this was the Rembrandt and the Attic.
 Again, referencing a past episode.
 If you listened to that episode on the podcast
 about a Rembrandt and the Attic,
 I knew that what I could do with Giru by just shifting
 the way the funnel was structured
 to modeling what we had done in doodly and tunely,
 that now this could become a front-end
 where I could sell 1,000, 2,000, 3,000 copies of Giru a week.
 And what's cool about that is on the back-end,
 someone who buys funnel simulation software,
 guess what else they probably want?
 They probably want funnel software
 to actually build the funnel, right?
 And so there's a direct immediate, like,
 perfect match between Giru.com and ClickFunnels.com.
 And so for us, I saw the Rembrandt and the Attic.
 I know that if I could take Giru,
 if I could shift the funnel structure
 to model what we did that was done in doodly,
 then I could scale Giru to a really high level,
 and then all the Giru customers
 would then want to buy ClickFunnels in the future,
 which means we could use Giru
 as complete break-even company.
 Something that's heard me talk about break-even funnels before,
 but Giru, the goal is not to be a break-even funnel,
 it's to be a break-even company.
 An entire Giru company,
 if I can just get it where using this model,
 I can get, again, 500 or 1000 brand new customers a day
 buying funnel simulation software,
 and then from there, if we get half those people
 or a third of those people to become ClickFunnels customers,
 that is the big secret.
 And so that is the reason why we bought Giru.
 So the question then is like, well, what has happened with it?
 We bought the company, I think it's been five or six months now,
 and the initial step one of the process was,
 again, keep things working,
 it's like, keep traffic, keep things happening.
 But then the right, some improvements on software we want to make.
 So it was getting the dev team to make these improvements,
 and tweaks, and changes,
 and things just to make the software a little bit better
 for all of our ClickFunnels customers.
 And then the big one was to transition the funnel structure
 from what it was before into the model
 that Brad Callum had perfected with the doodly
 and the toonly funnels.
 And so that's what we've been working on
 for the last couple of months.
 And I'm happy to announce, well, by the time you just watch this,
 that funnel could and should be actually live.
 And so you have a chance if you go to giru.com,
 you have a chance to see it.
 I'd recommend go to giru.com and then leave,
 and let the ads fall you around.
 And when they do, that's we'll see the secret
 behind the scenes funnel.
 Again, if you watch the doodly episode,
 you probably know a little bit about
 how that funnel structure works.
 But that's kind of what we're doing right now.
 And so I'm excited to roll this out
 because I think it's gonna become
 a really, really big front end for ClickFunnels.
 One of my goals, probably two or three years ago,
 I sat down with our team,
 I was like, I wanna figure out
 how do we create more non-Russell based front ends?
 Like, I don't, you know,
 it's crazy that Russell wrote a book
 and Russell wrote another book
 and Russell has a webinar on Russell,
 like all these things, like it's tough
 because Russell is ClickFunnels
 and there's never any separation, right?
 If I hit by a bus, what happens?
 Like ClickFunnels struggles
 because all of a sudden the face will laugh.
 And so one of my big initiatives for the last couple years
 is like, how do we create more non-Russell based front ends
 that aren't my face on there, right?
 Which is the big reason why we bought
 Dan Kennedy's company, right?
 Now Dan Kennedy is a face for ClickFunnels.
 He's written like 40 books.
 We have 40 potential funnels coming in,
 all bringing people into magnetic marketing,
 which then brings people into ClickFunnels, right?
 Buying the Voomley business, right?
 Doodley, Toonley, those are all non-Russell based front ends.
 Giroux is a non-Russell based front end.
 You'll see many more of these rolling out
 over the next year or two
 because the number one goal,
 my number one personal goal is to make it where Russell
 is one of the faces of ClickFunnels,
 not where I am the face of ClickFunnels.
 And so that's kind of where we are working on
 and trying to do.
 So that's one of the big reasons
 and the motivations behind it.
 And so I'm excited that you guys kind of know
 a little bit about it.
 First off, you guys go get the software,
 test it, play with it, see how it works,
 see what you like about it.
 And please let us know in the comments,
 like, oh, we should do this.
 I wish you did this.
 Again, there's a couple competitors out there
 that have little things, some have features
 that I don't think are important,
 but others are features like, oh,
 I know we want to add those things in.
 So please in the comments down below,
 if you're watching this on YouTube or if you're in the podcast,
 like tag, like take a screenshot of this on your phone
 and tag me and say, Russell, I'd love if you add this to Giro.
 Like let us know those things.
 We're looking for feedback
 as we're doing the new relaunch rollout of it.
 But as a whole, the software is solid.
 It's powerful.
 Like we've been using it now for a couple of years
 as customers and I'm excited now to have a chance
 to bring it to you guys as an amazing product
 you'll be able to use to build out
 and map out your funnels before Hetai.
 One of the other really, and this is one of the cool things.
 One of the most powerful benefits of Giro,
 as powerful as for you as a marketer
 or as a team to be able to do funnel simulations,
 if you've run an agency,
 that's one of the other real big powerful purposes
 'cause when you're running agency,
 a lot of times you're going to a client and you're like,
 hey, we're gonna build you a funnel.
 They're like, what's a funnel?
 And then you try to explain to them,
 then you build them a funnel, you give it to them.
 They're like, I don't know what this is.
 And then you launch it and then they're like,
 oh, I thought it was gonna be a billionaire.
 Like I'm poor and like, they don't understand it, right?
 The most powerful thing you can do as an agency
 is to help your person understand.
 Like so you map out, here's what the funnels gonna look like.
 Here's page one, page two, up so like,
 this is what it's gonna look like, right?
 Now let me show you what happens.
 We're gonna put, you know,
 a hundred dollars a day into Facebook ads, right?
 And if this page converts it 1%, you know,
 you show them the whole thing, like if this is what it looks like,
 it means that you're not gonna get any leads.
 But if we get this to convert it 3% or 8%, right?
 If we get our ads cost here or whatever the thing might be,
 you show them like, this is where you start getting
 profitable customers, right?
 And then if we get it to 12%,
 then we can go from a hundred dollars a day
 to a thousand dollars a day.
 And that's when your company blows up, right?
 But then you show them what it looks like
 before you ever get them an actual funnel.
 They have a chance to look at and understand it.
 And then what happens is when you come back
 and you build them a funnel and you launch it
 and you're like, hey, we spent a hundred dollars
 and broke even, your clients not angry.
 They're like, oh, cool, it means we're at 3%, right?
 So what percentage are we gonna get you to make it
 more profitable?
 And then they understand the process.
 And so it's one of the most powerful agency tools
 in the world.
 In fact, I think upsell two, I believe,
 not that you're in the funnel yet,
 but when you get there and you should get there,
 I think upsell number two is like an agency account
 where you can like do that where actually
 you can build out the funnel simulation
 and it doesn't even say guru anywhere.
 You can brand it with yourself,
 so it's like, oh, Russell's funnel agency
 made this really cool software.
 Let me show you how the simulations you can show people
 and like makes you look like a rock star
 even though we're doing all the work on the back end.
 And so there's so many cool things here,
 but as an agency, it's a powerful tool.
 It's you trying to map out and plan out your funnel
 ahead of time.
 For you post, you know, after your funnel launches,
 you're like, I don't know what's,
 like what do I do now?
 Like you can plug all the things in like,
 oh man, my ad cost is too high or this is too high,
 but it gives you the ability to really see exactly
 what's happening.
 And then from there, be able to call your funnel audibles,
 right?
 I've done a funnel hiking line now,
 two different times I did presentations
 about funnel audibles.
 And it's funny because I've had multiple people
 afterwards ask me, what is a funnel,
 like what is an audible?
 I didn't know what that was.
 So when audible is in football,
 if a quarterback comes up to line and scrimmage
 and they call the play, like this is what play is going to be.
 And he sits there, looks out over all the things like,
 oh my gosh, this play is not going to work
 because that guy's there, that guy's there,
 this is not going to work.
 He calls an audible.
 So the last second, he's like, hey,
 he yells out to his team, he has the number like,
 like blue 32 or whatever things, right?
 He says something different.
 And that, and all people hear that,
 they know that the play has changed.
 So the same thing to play we're planning on,
 we're changing it to this play.
 That's what a funnel audible is, right?
 So same thing is true in, you know,
 we call these funnel audibles
 'cause most of the funnels we launch
 don't just crush it day number one, some do,
 which that's amazing.
 That's rare, few and far between.
 When normally happens, you build a funnel,
 you launch it and it doesn't do that well
 or it does okay or break evens or loses money.
 And most of the way, ah, this funnel things a scam.
 That Russell Brunson's full of crap, not John Denver.
 Anyway, so that's the funnel audibles
 about knowing before you go into time
 that most funnels don't work the first time, right?
 It's like we're trying to make our best possible
 educated guess, right?
 Based on, we do our funnel hack,
 you look at like what's working in the market
 and we do our best stuff, right?
 The best copy, okay?
 The best videos, we do our best shot,
 put it out there and then we see what's going to happen, right?
 And the majority of the time, it's not a rock,
 it's not a huge home run.
 In fact, I remember when we first launched
 the inner circle way back in the day
 and I was teaching everyone, do a webinar week,
 do webinar weeks, everyone's writing webinars,
 they launch them and it was every night,
 every time someone launched a webinar,
 well, I didn't do the first few times,
 this is why I started afterwards,
 is they'd message me on Vox, like,
 all right, but webinars are going live,
 I've got 500 people registered, I'm so excited
 and I've vox them back and I'm always like,
 hey, just, you know, really quick,
 it's probably gonna bomb.
 I hate to be the bare bad news,
 but if you go into this with like your hopes this high
 and then it crushes, you're gonna be broken
 and tomorrow you're gonna be boxing me,
 you're gonna be crying and you're gonna be miserable
 and you're gonna be angry, you're gonna wanna refund,
 like, just, you know, it doesn't typically work the first time.
 Okay, at first, you're not gonna be that good,
 you're messaging me good,
 that like all the things aren't gonna be right, right?
 But you get it out there and the market tells you,
 like, hey, this is great or this was not great
 and then you can make the tweaks
 and the changes based on that, right?
 And so I would warn people that in the inner circle
 before they do the first webinar,
 they do the webinar, they come back,
 hey, I didn't only just hold three things,
 I'm like, cool, but now we know what's wrong, right?
 Now we can make the tweaks and the changes,
 like, where do people drop off?
 What are they saying?
 What's happening in the comments, like, do people like the offer?
 They not like the offer, like, all the things,
 like, now we have data that we can make some good decisions.
 And so for me, the same thing, like, we launched the funnel
 to get the data back so we can make the tweaks and the changes,
 like, oh, cool, up until number one's crushing it,
 but the landing page sucks.
 So how do I fix the landing page?
 I need more curiosity, like, I need, again,
 if you've been around my training,
 it's either the hook, the story, or the offer.
 What's the hook, like, what's wrong?
 One of these things, either the hook,
 story, or offer is wrong on the landing page,
 we gotta fix it, right?
 Or whatever the thing might be.
 So, Giro gives you the ability to do these funnel simulations
 very, very quickly ahead of time before you launch the funnel,
 but then after you launch the funnel,
 look at it and be able to see from the high view,
 like, what's working, what's not working, cool,
 is try it, just tweak this, just change this,
 and stuff like that.
 So, anyway, I'm excited for it.
 Again, I think Giro's gonna be a powerful tool
 for all my funnel hackers,
 which is one of the main reasons why I acquired it.
 I think it's gonna be an amazing front end
 to get more people into my universe,
 into ClickFunnels, a non-Russell-based front end
 that we can hopefully generate a lot of customers
 at break even or better.
 And then, yeah, so it'll bring people into ClickFunnels,
 but also help people who are ClickFunnels members
 and help serve them so they can be more successful.
 So, anyway, it was a fun acquisition.
 We're having some funnels right now.
 I'm hoping after this initial launch.
 Similar to like when we launched
 and Kennedy's business, we did the first launch
 and it covered the cost of the company.
 I'm hoping to save the app in Giro,
 where basically we do this new rollout,
 the new launch, and hopefully from the initial launch
 to our ClickFunnels customers,
 it'll cover the entire cost of the business
 that we bought, and then from there, it's just pure profit.
 And so, yeah, hopefully you guys enjoy this episode.
 We tied in a lot of different principles,
 some other episodes, right?
 The Rembrandt and the Attic.
 We tied in how we took the funnel structure
 from doodly.com and we modeled it whole over here
 in gear.com.
 My goal with this podcast is that we're giving you guys
 these ideas and strategies,
 but you start seeing how to kind of like
 link these things together, right?
 Hopefully gives you glimpse inside of my mind
 and the mind of those of us here at ClickFunnels
 who are building things to see,
 like, "Oh, I see why I also did that.
 I could do that in my business," right?
 And as you're looking at companies potentially
 to buy or to acquire it,
 what's the Rembrandt and the Attic?
 You find it, right?
 Like, I see the Rembrandt and the Attic.
 Again, for this one, it's so simple.
 Like, I changed the model, boom.
 We launched it to our list,
 we break even, we covered all the costs
 of the actual company,
 and now we've got this amazing tool
 to grow and just scale and get customers
 into ClickFunnels for forever.
 So anyway, I love this game.
 Hopefully you guys are enjoying following along with this
 as well.
 With that said, if you enjoyed this episode,
 please, if you're watching on YouTube,
 comment down below, let us know.
 Again, features you want for Guru,
 any other questions you have about
 why we did this acquisition, how it's gonna work.
 And if you're listening on a podcast,
 same thing on your phone,
 usually you can see the actual podcast.
 So if you take a screenshot on your phone,
 click the buttons,
 take that picture,
 post on social and tag me,
 and let me know because I look at those.
 I like reading them and it gives me ideas
 for future episodes.
 And on top of that,
 if you have any other questions you want me to answer
 on the podcast,
 if you go to marketingsecres.com,
 there's a spot where you can actually ask
 your questions and your answers,
 and they may become a future podcast episode as well.
 So that's it.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 And you should go get your account on gear.com.
 G-E-R-U dot com.
 All right.
 Thanks everybody.
 Like soon.
 ♪ ♪
