 You're listening to marketing secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 Hey, everyone.
 It's Russell.
 Welcome back to the podcast excited to be here with you guys today.
 Today, I want to talk to you about a new company that we are launching.
 Some of you have heard me talk about this a little bit.
 I want to talk about the strategy behind this because this might help some of you guys
 who are struggling.
 So, a lot of you guys know back in the day about the time we launched ClickFunnels, a
 little before that we had a supplement company called NERSL.
 We got the point where I was doing, I can't remember, close to half a million dollars a
 month in sales.
 It's having a bunch of fun with it.
 And then ClickFunnels launched.
 And I was like, you know, as much as I love the supplement business, I'm like, I think
 that ClickFunnels has got, you know, it's, there's something here.
 I should spend some time with that.
 So, we sold that business and shut it down and kind of got rid of it.
 And then from that, when I launched ClickFunnels, I told the story about NERSL and how we figured
 out the funnel, how we model it.
 I just told the story about how we launched that supplement company in Grit.
 And it was cool because that story is what got people because they saw the vision, like,
 oh my gosh, this is what funnel hacking is.
 We saw a supplement funnel that was working over here.
 He modeled over here.
 He launched it, had a bunch of success.
 And like, if I could just figure out what funnel, you know, is the funnel that sells
 my thing, I could do the same thing as well.
 So, the story of NERSL was the story that blew up ClickFunnels.
 And so, it was such an integral part of this whole, the whole journey was just that as
 a case study.
 But what a lot of people know is like, I've wanted to launch a supplement company forever.
 When I was a kid, I used to grow up and I was a big, obviously I was a wrestler and I
 like, look from weights.
 I used to read Muscle Media Magazine.
 Bill Phillips was like my hero.
 And I used to read his supplement guides and just study it like it was the Bible.
 Like, I loved it.
 Everything he said I was obsessed with.
 And I used to buy supplements.
 I'd go to GNC and spend hours just reading labels and like dreaming about what supplements
 I could afford and all that kind of stuff, right?
 And I love supplements.
 And fast forward to, Roger, my wife and I got married.
 I read a book by Vince James called A 12-month Millionaire, which was insane.
 He talked about he made $100 million in 23 months selling supplements to direct mail.
 And my reading, I was like, I want to do supplements.
 Like that was a business I wanted to get in.
 And I never did until we did NERSL.
 And the story, the NERSL stories is funny and long.
 I don't do the whole story, but basically it was out of spite.
 I had some, somebody who hired me for some consulting work.
 First time I had ever been a consultant, I helped them.
 And then they never paid me.
 And that was annoying.
 And anyway, then a little while later, they launched a supplement company helping people
 die better in Ropthean.
 So that's why we decided to launch NERSL so that we would be competing with them.
 So it was totally a business out of spite, which I'm not proud of myself nowadays, but
 you know, it is what it is.
 We launched this business out of spite.
 It grew, we had a lot of fun with it.
 And then we sold it off.
 But for years, last decade, everyone clicked for themselves.
 I've wanted to do supplements again.
 Like I love supplements.
 I'm obsessed with them.
 I take them.
 I love them.
 And so that's kind of where I was at.
 But I was so busy to click funnels, I didn't want to do anything else.
 And then the Rona, the Vid, whatever you want to call it happened, right?
 And we were all locked in our homes and I was launching the traffic seekers book, which
 is awesome.
 Now if that I was like, what am I going to do?
 And I was kind of bored.
 And I was like, I should launch a supplement company.
 And so one of my friends had this really cool green dream company called Zuma Juice.
 Since I messaged him, he had shut it down for some reason.
 I didn't know why.
 I found out later why.
 And it had nothing with the business.
 I had to do with partnership struggles, whatever.
 And so I bought it from really cheap.
 I was like, I'm going to relaunch this.
 And I'm ahead of my take 30 minutes to relaunch.
 I forget what goes into formulation.
 And anyway, supplements are-- there's the pros and the cons.
 But anyway, it took forever.
 We finally got it launched and got the funnel live and we started driving traffic to it.
 And what's crazy is that when I was doing supplements back with Nurocell, it was expensive.
 It cost us $80 or $90 to get a customer.
 But we'd hopefully make $130, $150 in the funnel.
 So we were profitable, right?
 And fast forward till a decade later, we launched Zuma Juice and it's costing us $200 to get
 a customer.
 We'd make $130.
 It's just like, oh, these metrics don't work anymore.
 And so what did Russell do instead of walking away from it?
 Then about the same time, my favorite bone broth company went out of business.
 I was like, ah, I miss it.
 And so I called and contacted those guys.
 And we bought the company from them or partnered with them.
 And they gave me a majority equity in the company.
 And so then we relaunched that.
 And then that took two years to reformate the product and get it done.
 And all the stuff.
 And so we got that done.
 And so we built the funnel.
 It was amazing.
 We launched that same thing.
 It was way more expensive than before.
 It was like $200 to acquire a customer.
 We made $130.
 I'm like, this math is not working.
 What should I do?
 And I'm like, oh, maybe we'll launch another supplement company, you know, because, you
 know, anyway, so then one of my friends, they had a supplement company that was having
 some issues and so helped them fund it.
 And so I got some equity in that one.
 And they have some really good energy products.
 They have some really good sleeping products.
 We, you know, the sleeping product was really unique.
 It's really good, actually.
 It's called Blackout, Phoenix Blackout.
 If you guys want something that helps you sleep, like it's amazing.
 I had it last night, actually.
 So, and so we took out product, built the whole sales letter, you know, built the whole
 funnel for it.
 We launched it.
 Same thing, though.
 Like $200 to acquire a customer, $130, cart value.
 It's like, this isn't working.
 So I always cool stuff in the company.
 These aren't profitable.
 We got tons of inventory sitting around.
 I'm like, what do I do?
 And so here's the lesson is that if you're creative, there's always a way, right?
 But at the same time, I started working with Doug Grant.
 Some of you guys know his son, Brave, and he spoke a funnel like he live on supplement
 funnels.
 But Doug is this, his nickname is Doug, the formulator.
 He's a formulator.
 He's a nutritionist.
 He was the head nutritionist for the Phoenix Suns for like 20 years.
 Like, guys, the genius.
 And so for the last two and a half years, he tests my blood every 90 days.
 And my wife's blood as well.
 And we get the blood tested and then they build those custom supplements based on what
 we actually need.
 And of all the biohacks I've done, I've done a lot of biohacks.
 And you guys know I've spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on cryosaunas, float tanks, everything.
 But of all the stuff I've done, this is things that have the biggest impact on me.
 It's legitimately amazing.
 Busy Spencer is like 25 grand a year per person.
 And so it's not cheap for most people.
 And I went back to that guy's like, I want to make a version that we can give my entrepreneurs
 so they can get access to everything you're giving me.
 But now it's 25 grand per person, like 10 grand per person.
 And maybe if we have a spouse, they could get a discount where it's like 18 for two
 people or something.
 So we started working like, well, that looked like how do we fulfill on it?
 We spent almost a year doing that about some time that got done.
 So I'm like, oh, now I have another supplement, but it's a $10,000 supplement offer.
 It's way less than I spend for it, but it's still expensive for most people.
 But it's all the supplements, all the blood work, all the doctors for an entire year.
 It's insane.
 I think anybody would be crazy not to do it.
 Anyway, so I'll put that out there.
 But anyway, and so we had that as well.
 I'm like, how do we launch this?
 Like, you know, we're struggling with some of these other things.
 And also I had this idea, boom, the light bulb, right?
 And this comes back down to Dan Kennedy 101, whoever can spend the most money to acquire
 customer wins, right?
 We know that Dan has been preaching that for decades.
 Dan and I are co-writing a book right now, literally titled that.
 It's just like, it's the key, right?
 And so understanding that, I was like, well, what if we flip this funnel around?
 I remember spending $200 to make $130.
 What if we flip this around?
 Instead of buying ads to any, like Zuma Juice, Obon Broth, or Black Ad Service, buying ads
 directly to the three supplement funnels, what if we buy ads and we do the linchpin
 style, right?
 A dramatic demonstration where we talk about the most expensive thing, right?
 We talk about the $10,000 product.
 We sell that.
 And then that becomes our self liquidating offer.
 The $10,000 offer is the self liquidating offer.
 And that was this idea.
 And I was like, oh my gosh, this might actually work.
 So what we did is first, I was like, I need to take my audience.
 How do my people, like the Russell Brunson people who'd be interested in these supplements,
 what's the bridge?
 Because like this other brand, the brand that we're creating is called Unfair Advantage.
 It's how to get Unfair Advantage.
 It's unfairadvantage.com.
 So we have Unfair Advantage as the brand.
 I'm like, I need a bridge between me, between Russell and the entrepreneur world and this
 supplement company.
 Right now, people come to me for funnel advice and marketing and traffic and stuff like that,
 right?
 So, you're not here for supplement advice, but I think especially entrepreneurs need it,
 right?
 So I need a bridge.
 So luckily, I own supplement seekers.com.
 So some of you saw this campaign, right?
 So I did a webinar called supplement seekers.com and we drove traffic from Russell's list over
 there and said, hey, if you want to know what supplements Russell actually takes and
 why, go register.
 So we promoted that.
 And from that, we got, I don't know, it wasn't like the biggest webinar I've ever done, but
 I think we had two or 3,000 people registered for, which is great.
 Then on the thank you page, I had a 30 minute video teaching people how I've lost 40 pounds
 using the Hermose diet.
 It's amazing.
 So I taught this little, I taught like a 30 minute video on the thank you page.
 And then underneath that, I'm like, hey, one of the secrets is my bone broth.
 And so I had people subscribe to a subscription of bone broth.
 And so we launched that and promoted it and we ended up getting, I don't even know, 100
 or so 200 people, I don't even know, on Con Nooty, which is great.
 For the, for the, for the, our bone broth, Con Nooty, just from people registering for
 the webinar, donated the webinar.
 And the other webinar, we sold a $10,000 package, right?
 And from that, we didn't sell a ton.
 I think we sold, they're going to be like $50,000 worth of back and supplements, right?
 So we took $50,000 and then we evergreen supplement seekers.com and $50,000 we made.
 Obviously, we paid the hard cost for, for our partners, for the people who are doing supplements,
 the doctors, the blood work and the rest of that, the profit, we dump back into ads now,
 the rest of the audience, pushing back supplements seekers and becomes, as viral, who keeps growing,
 right?
 And this is the thing I keep telling people, the thing you sell on the end of your webinar
 or your thing is not your money.
 That's the money that's, that goes back to Zuckerberg or Google or YouTube, wherever
 your body adds from it.
 So like, so $10,000 thing became the self-liquidating offer.
 So all the profit from that, dump back into ads and how, as people go through that funnel,
 it keeps building the continuity on our bone broth.
 Does that make sense?
 Is getting this?
 Okay.
 Now, the core company, Unfair Advantage, like I don't want to be the face of a fitness
 company.
 That's not who I, that's not my, you know, but, but I do, I want to fit this company.
 I want to supplement company.
 And so, we found two really, really good partners.
 One is Clark, Barstnerman, Clark, this is a funny story.
 So I used to read muscle media back in the 90s.
 If any of you guys read it in the 90s, there's this ad.
 And this ad, like, it was a big deal to me because like, it was, it was this guy had four
 pitchers look like evolution and it was like four untouched pitchers over 12 week period
 time where he was fatter than he lost weight, lost weight and he didn't even ripped at
 the end.
 It was insane.
 And like, that ad had such a big impact on me.
 I remember I ripped down the magazine.
 I still, this day have that ad from 1998.
 And then later I tried to launch a company called Body Evolution.
 I used that ad to try to make our logos and our mind, like, I've tried to launch that
 Body Evolution business like four or five times.
 It's never, it's never taken off yet.
 But like, anyway, so when I met Clark, we started working with him as the attractive
 character for the supplement brand.
 And I was like, he brought something about his ad from back in the day.
 I was like, wait, the body of Lucian, or the, the theory of evolution, he said, yeah,
 that's me.
 I'm like, what?
 I had no idea it was actually him.
 And so like, I was freaking out.
 So we actually went back and we found the original photographer.
 We realized those images from him and then we paid him to a fifth image of Clark now as
 a six year old man in this thing where he's like, no, five pitchers and I wish I could,
 I wish I could show it to you, but it's insane.
 And so with, with Clark, we decided to launch a challenge called the Body Evolution Challenge.
 And by the way, I own Body Evolution.com.
 So if you go to BodyEvolution.com, you see the Body Evolution Challenge.
 It's a five day challenge of Clark, like this guy who's got abs, like, that are insane
 and he's six years old and he's better health than any of us.
 And like, just, and he's awesome.
 Like just, he played Batman in a movie.
 He's like, there's, I don't know, he's just, he's amazing, right?
 And so we partnered with him.
 He's the attractive character.
 Now we're driving traffic.
 So he promoted BodyEvolution.com to his audience and we bought ads.
 And I think we have spending like three or four thousand dollars in ads to that thing.
 And we got, I don't know, two or three thousand people to register between those two things
 for the Body Evolution Challenge.
 So last week from, it was like from nine till 11 every day Monday through Friday, he did
 this five day challenge teaching people about, you know, health and weight loss and all this
 kind of stuff.
 And then at the end of it, we pitched the ten thousand dollars, ten thousand dollar custom
 supplements, right?
 And we made some sales from that.
 And at the same time, I was like, we need a female attractive character as well for the
 Unfair Vantage brand.
 So we partnered up with Natalie Jill, who is, again, same thing.
 She's an amazing attractive character.
 And so she's also got sales and promotion, all kinds of stuff.
 And so we brought her in as well.
 And then last week from three to five every night, she did a female challenge and her
 challenge called the Revenge Body Challenge.
 And that ran as well.
 And so last week we promoted both of those.
 We spent, I think, five or six thousand dollars in ads, went through and then a thank you page.
 We put people into one of our subscription supplements.
 And then at the end of it, obviously we sold ten thousand dollars in our thing.
 And we more than made our money.
 So we more than broke even from the ad spin on the ten thousand dollars in the end, right?
 So we finished the whole campaign.
 And then you guys know what I do next, right?
 What do we do?
 We take those two funnels, BodyWoosh.com, the RevengeBodyChallenge.com, and then we ever
 green them, right?
 So again, if it's a webinar, so supplement secrets we ever greened in webinar fuel.
 And then these two challenges we ever green right now, actually, depending on when you
 see them, they're made back live.
 But did those inside a challenge field?
 Both of these are Anthony Morrison software.
 They're great.
 So we built the funnels and click thorns, but we used his software to actually deliver
 the challenges and stuff.
 And so we did that.
 And now we're driving traffic back to it.
 But the key is, and this is the big aha, okay?
 Because right now, supplement seekers.com and then BodyWoosh.com and RevengeBodyChallenge.com,
 none of those are making that much money, right?
 We buy ads, they go through the challenge, they sell ten thousand dollars a thing, that
 covers your ad costs, and profit goes back into ads and keep doing that.
 And this is like this thing, right?
 You look from the outside, like Russell, those three funnels aren't making a ton of money.
 Like they're making so many, but all the money you're dumping back into ads, like,
 what's the point of this?
 It's not making, like, why are you doing this?
 This is the reason, okay?
 Right now, we're spending, you know, all the money, so 30, 40, 50 thousand dollars a month
 now, we're dumping back in ads.
 They're joining these, my webinar or these two challenges.
 They're coming in, they're building a relationship with either me, Clark, or Natalie.
 They have a good relationship with us, right?
 And then what happens is then the follow up sequence.
 This is the key.
 Follow up funnels 101, right?
 After the challenge is over, after my webinar is over, then there's a sequence that pushes
 people to a page, it's like Zoomaduce.com, I don't know, slash Russell or something.
 But there's a page of me and like, hey, a lot of people ask me for a drink, yes, I do.
 In fact, this is my company, it's called Zoomaduce.
 If you like it, you should buy it.
 And it pushes people down to a page me, right?
 If you went to Clark, at the end of it, you know, in this email sequence next, there's
 an email, you know, four or five emails from Clark, like, hey, a lot of people ask me
 about what green drink I use, let me show you.
 And it comes to Zoomaduce.com/whatever the custom page is for Clark, and he talks about
 it there on the video, pushes people to trial, and there's one for Natalie, right?
 So after the challenge was over, over the next 14 days, we're promoting Zoomaduce, getting
 people on Zoomaduce.
 Con-Nui, right?
 And how much did it cost us now to get people to get these people to go over to Zoomaduce?
 Zero dollars, right?
 All the money was made, broke even, everything happened on the high ticket phone on the front
 end, right?
 So when I sent somebody to Zoomaduce, it cost me zero dollars.
 Before, when I drive people directly to Zoomaduce, it cost me $200 to get a customer, I made
 130 in the cart.
 Now, I make 130 in the cart, it cost me zero dollars.
 That's all profit, right?
 So we do that for two or three talking about Zoomaduce.
 Then after we transition, we talk for two or three weeks about bone broth, why it's so
 important.
 Now, if that was talking about two or three weeks about why you need energy, and then
 we talk about two or three weeks about why you need sleep.
 And so we start putting them through these other supplements, right?
 Those supplement funnels, that's how those companies and these brands are starting to
 grow, right?
 So Unfair Venge is the umbrella brand.
 Clark and Natalie are the attractive characters.
 Russell's like the side character that brings traffic into this business through my little
 side outlet.
 And they come in, right, we offer them a $10,000 custom supplements, which is the best thing
 we have.
 The goal of that though is to break even on our ad costs, whoever can spend the most money
 to acquire customer wins, he is getting this, you know what I'm laying down?
 Then the follow up sequence is 100% profit pushing to our green green continuity, our
 bone broth continuity, our sleep drain continuity, et cetera, et cetera.
 And in the future, we have new supplements going to roll out.
 I don't got to buy any ads from Facebook or anybody else.
 We put up the funnel, put Clark's face on it now, he's face on it, and sent some emails
 and boom, now we got that continuity program building and growing.
 Okay, so that's how we're growing these supplement companies and it's a lot of fun.
 So there you go.
 Hopefully, thank you, Jaydia.
 Some of you guys don't have supplement companies, but you see how this could work for you?
 If it's too expensive, sell your book or your challenge, ads are too expensive, they'll
 flip it around, so you'll hide to get things first, right?
 Use that money to liquidate the ad costs and then sell your other thing later down the
 pipe.
 So, you know, hope that helps.
 It's kind of us gluing together three linchpins and to grow this one new supplement brand
 and it's pretty fun.
 So anyway, hope you guys enjoyed that one.
 If you do and you want some supplements, check out any of the sites, check out supplementsecers.com
 or body of Lucian.com or revengebodychallenge.com and go check him out.
 You'll see the linchpin action, you'll see the sequences, you'll see what an Evergreen
 funnel looks like now because obviously we did live a couple of weeks ago.
 Now these are all Evergreen, so see what Evergreen funnels look like, you'll see what
 the campaigns look like.
 Like, again, I think all of you should be funnel hacking everything we're doing.
 That's the whole purpose here, right?
 Funnel hack we're doing is you can see how they work, how the campaigns work, all kind
 of stuff.
 All right, with that said, you guys, I appreciate you listening and I don't know, hope you guys
 are having as much fun as games I am.
 Literally, you can apply these principles to any business, anything you're doing, you
 know, it's funny when I first started this business as an info product, people are like,
 "Well, this works for you because you're an info product, but we're working where else."
 They watch ClickFunnels and we follow the same playbook.
 You know, we follow the attractive character, webinars, things of that.
 Like, that doesn't work for software and then also we did it and like, "Well, of course,
 it works for software, so like it didn't until I did it and I just didn't work."
 Now in supplements, people keep telling me, "Oh, it's not possible in supplements."
 In fact, it's funny because, uh, uh, Raven, who's, um, again, his dad is the one who
 has my custom blood work and stuff, he came and he was there watching the whole thing.
 And one of the days came to me, he's like, "This is so funny."
 He's like, "I always thought that all these things you teach wouldn't actually work for
 supplements."
 He's like, "Sure enough, here you are doing a challenge.
 It's all supplements.
 You're doing a webinar to sell supplements."
 He's like, "I always thought, well, my business is different."
 He's like, "You're literally using the exact same playbook over and over and over again."
 I'm like, "Yeah."
 And what's nice about having the same playbook we do over and over and over against my entire
 team knows the playbook.
 I want to re-teach them every single time.
 It's like, "Hey, we're doing a Mac demonstration.
 Uh, thank you, Page Miff Guioff, we're pushing people in this continuity program.
 I think we're still at the end of this, uh, ad scene whenever we finish this, the, the,
 and the way we do it is we launch it to our own list live, right?
 That's going to give us the most profit that whenever it's sold in, that money gets taken
 away and we don't put that in our pockets, right?
 Only thing we're putting in our pockets is the revenue from the MRR from the continuity
 programs.
 But every sale at the end of it, that money is Zuckerberg's money.
 We take that, we dump it back in ads into the Evergreen and now we have this, this loop
 where the money goes in the Evergreen ads, it goes to the funnel, gets more people in
 continuity.
 We sell at the end, we take that money, dump it back in ads.
 And now it's just this, this self-growing, self-perpetuating funnel.
 That's what the little independence, that's what like, like if I could, if I could, if
 I could sit down and explain it to you and show it to you, like, like it is the key,
 it is the secret, it is the way.
 So anyway, if you're not, if you're not, if you're not going to be taking you out to
 funnel hacking, I just know that this is what we're going to deepen to.
 I'm going to make you guys all linchpin geniuses by the time it's done because it'll change
 how you, how you perceive everything.
 So, how, if that's out of it, thank you so much guys for listening today.
 If you want unfair advantage, use supplements, go to unfairadvantage.com, check it out.
 There's links all the different supplement companies or supplements, funnels we've got
 there, but also you can register for the challenges and stuff like that.
 And I know the unfairadvantage.com is like the greatest domain in of all time.
 Come on now, come on now.
 Anyway, I appreciate all, thanks for listening and I'll see you guys all on the next episode.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 (gentle music)
 ♪ ♪
