 [MUSIC]
 >> You're listening to Marketing Secrets with your host, Russell Brunson.
 >> Hey, what's up everybody?
 This is Russell Brunson and I want to welcome you back to the Marketing Secrets Show.
 I'm so excited to be here with you yesterday.
 Partially because by the time you get this, I will be doing a webinar called
 Supplement Secrets.
 And this is something, I bought Supplement Secrets like, I don't know,
 like a decade ago.
 I started trying to buy everything with Word Secrets after,
 just in case, right?.com Secrets, expert Secrets,
 traffic Secrets, etc., etc.
 And so I knew like someday I might want to sell supplements,
 some version or a course or a book.
 I don't even know, but I bought Supplement Secrets.com.
 In fact, over the years I've had a lot of people try to buy that from me,
 which is kind of funny and I never have sold it.
 And I didn't really know what I was going to use it for until today,
 which I'm really excited.
 So first off, before we get too deep into this, I'm doing a webinar.
 Probably the day this is launching live, if not,
 hopefully we'll ever green this a week or two afterwards.
 But if you want to go pause this real quick and go register for this webinar,
 go to supplementsecrets.com and you can register.
 And the headline, my name, kind of region as the headline,
 you indulge me for a moment, says, after years being asked,
 how do you have so much energy?
 Russell, Russell Bronson finally reveals how I went from taking 75 plus pills a day
 down just a few weird supplements that were custom created to give entrepreneurs
 like us focus on energy.
 And so that's what the webinar is about, which I'm excited.
 And so maybe wondering, Russell, what's happening with webinar?
 What are you selling and all sorts of stuff?
 So that's a longer question that I'm going to answer some of that.
 And then I'm actually going to give you some supplements secrets about it.
 That's cool.
 Be cool with that.
 You're all cool with that.
 OK, so as you know, I'm obsessed with supplements.
 Like I, when I was a kid, I started buying supplements.
 I used to buy creatine and protein.
 I'd go to GNC and just spent hours like walking through the aisles
 and reading all the labels of everything.
 You know, I got to love supplements.
 In fact, in college, when they asked me, I wanted to be, I didn't know.
 And so for a little while, I was going to be a pharmacy major.
 Because I'm like, pharmacists get to like play with pills, which are like,
 kind of like supplements.
 So I should be a pharmacy major.
 So that was an idea for one few for a few minutes.
 But then when I started my businesses, I remember when the first books I read
 was a 12-month millionaire, which Vince James talked about how he made
 $100 million selling supplements to direct mail.
 And once again, I was like, I want to sell supplements.
 I never did.
 And then it wasn't until, man, it was between like my big business
 crash and us launching ClickFunnels.
 After I met Todd, that we were trying to figure out what we were going to do.
 And I had this like client who screwed me over.
 Anyway, it's a long story.
 Somebody I can tell that story.
 But anyway, they had a supplement company and I decided like, I'm going to
 compute them just because they owed me a whole bunch of money.
 And it was this big thing.
 And so, and they were in the neuropathy space.
 And I knew nothing about neuropathy.
 I didn't know what neuropathy was.
 In fact, I had a goal.
 I was like, I'm not going to discover what neuropathy is till we made
 at least a million dollars with our product.
 So there we go.
 So we created a neuropathy product and hired a really good herbalist to make one.
 And the product turned out amazing.
 People loved it.
 We built a funnel.
 And if you've seen the funnel hacking presentation, you've seen me talk about this.
 But I built the funnel.
 We launched it.
 And it was cranking.
 And we got point where it was doing half a million dollars a month
 sales.
 And we sold it to somebody.
 That person had some issues.
 Anyway, that should be a whole podcast.
 I saw my subscribers.
 I can tell you guys that they're just too long for this episode.
 But I ended up buying it back and shutting it down for a long story that I'll share another
 day.
 In fact, it's kind of fun to actually record the whole podcast when it's in the middle
 of the pain of all that.
 I sent it to my brother.
 And the next day I'm like, don't publish that one.
 So maybe someday we should find out when I was angry.
 And I was like venting.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, yeah, I should go see if we still have that.
 He's got it somewhere.
 So anyway, but like that was my supplement company.
 We shut it down.
 But I told the story about that supplement company.
 That's how we launched ClickFunnels.
 And it was so much fun.
 And I knew someday I was like someday in the future I'm going to launch supplements again.
 I'm excited by them.
 I love them.
 And I took a lot of supplements.
 And then COVID hit.
 And during COVID, a lot of my favorite supplement companies went out of business.
 My bone broth company that I was buying my bone broth from went out of business.
 The green green company I bought my green green green's from went out of business.
 A couple of things like that.
 And so I went and bought those companies.
 And it's funny because I've spent the last, that's been way too long, three or four years
 like getting those back off the ground.
 And then let's take way longer than info products for sure.
 Software takes a lot.
 Something to take a long time.
 But something to take way longer than I always think they would because you had a formula
 and you got to test them, taste test them and you got to try this and that and the million
 things.
 And you got to like order all the raw materials and they got to make them and they got to
 put them in the boxes and you get to design the boxes.
 And the boxes have to be F2C compliant, FDA compliant.
 Like it's a lot.
 So regardless of spend months and we've sorry years, we finally have all of them done.
 We have that we have our Zoom Adjuice funnel, we have our bone broth funnel, we have our
 blackout funnel, like all the funnels are done, they're live, our blackouts are sleeping
 supplements, amazing.
 You take it for your bed and you just sleep like a baby.
 It's amazing.
 So anyway, we go and we launch these funnels and their funnels are amazing.
 I'm really proud of them.
 But also we launch them right when the ad costs dramatically went off.
 And at the time we don't really have a back end for these things.
 So I'm like, based on like numbers the way they should have been, like the funnels would
 have been profitable, we've been cranking and killing it.
 But because of just once again the way that ad costs have been like we couldn't make any
 of them profitable, like we were making sales, but we could not, we couldn't even get to
 break even.
 And I was so mad because once again, I had spent so much money getting the supplements
 back up so much time, energy effort.
 And we built the funnels and there was not cheap, but they were expensive and they're
 like, like just anyway.
 And so for a couple months have been perplexed.
 Like what do I do?
 Do I shut them down?
 But I love them.
 And I have another supplement.
 I want to launch.
 And then you can go back and forth with this idea of this one supplement.
 So I have an idea for that that I like really passionate about and proud about that I want
 to create probably another five years to develop.
 But someday it's going to come and change your lives.
 But I don't want to walk away from these because we put so much time and energy effort.
 But also anyway, it's just one of those weird things.
 Then rewind back two or three years ago, I started working with like you guys, O'Bravin
 who spoke of funnel ikiny live on supplement funnels.
 Anyway, after I kind of met him, he's like, hey, you should meet my dad and my dad.
 He does the stuff where he tests your blood and he builds custom supplements based on
 what you actually need.
 And at the time I was taking like 75 pills a day and I'm like, no, I love taking my pills.
 I'm so proud of it.
 And and I'm at Bravin's like, well, it's like my dad charges like 25, 30 gram or something
 like that to do this for like high level people.
 And he's willing to do it for you if you just want to try it out.
 And so I was like, sure, let's do it.
 So I connected with his name's Doug and he started this for my wife and I.
 And it's crazy.
 Over the last, man, two plus years now he's been doing this for me.
 Every 90 days get my blood tested and then he rebuilds our custom supplements based on
 like what our blood is actually saying with deposits and negatives.
 And you know, 90 days later comes back and tests our blood again and we do it again back
 and forth and back and forth.
 And of all of the biohacks I've done in the last, in the last decade, I think this is
 the one that's had the biggest impact on me and my health, my energy and my, like all
 the things longevity, like it's amazing.
 So I'm a fan of it.
 I told Alison Prince about it and she signed up.
 Her and her husband, they got, they're doing it now and every, like everyone tells like
 obsessed with it and they all jump in.
 But it's expensive, right?
 It's 25, 30 grand depending on what you're doing a year to have this stuff done.
 And it goes up and there's more expensive programs as well.
 But I was like, man, it's something I feel like every entrepreneur needs, but it's expensive.
 Like how do we, how do we shorten this or simplify it or make it a way where like anybody
 could use it?
 And so based on that, we created a backend high ticket product.
 What?
 And, and then my thought was like, if we launched this high ticket product, because it's, it's
 expensive, but there's margin for me that I can spend money and high ticket info product
 or nine, four, so the high ticket supplement product will hopefully be more of the breaking
 out and hope, I mean, the goal is make a lot of money with it still, but we should be able
 to buy ads because we're selling a more expensive thing.
 And then after somebody goes through that funnel and they buy the product, or they don't
 buy the product, right?
 The high ticket product.
 So, and then we'll break even ad costs and then the email sequences will push people to
 zoom and use and bone broth and black out and all the supplements.
 And so I had to basically take our funnel and flip it around backwards.
 So I think it's the front end speed profitable.
 So instead I'm leading with the, with the backend and pushing that and then, you know,
 hopefully the buyers covered the ad costs and then uncomverted.
 Well, we pushed into all the front end funnels and that way, you know, we're very paid for
 that leads up front and emails for pushing people.
 So that's, that's the, that's the evil plan that Russell has.
 We're going to try it out.
 But if you want to see that in action, again, go to supplement seekers.com go register and
 you hear me do the pitch for the custom supplements.
 We got the price down to something I think is affordable enough for everybody, but for
 most entrepreneurs, we got priced down to a spot where it's insane.
 Like I think everybody should do it.
 You'd be crazy not to do it.
 So, so there's that.
 And then what I did on this one, some, I'm using legitimate.
 I'm testing different things.
 So two other things.
 Number one is we found two attractive characters for this business who were like the most healthy,
 like one of them is 59 and he's got like six pack abs and insane.
 So that's the male, the male person.
 Then we got a female who's 51 and you look super young.
 It's just, it's like they're amazing people.
 We started doing the custom blood work for them and they love it.
 And so they're going to be front end.
 So we're actually launching two challenges during the same week coming up in two weeks
 where they'll be the face of it.
 And we're using the whole inch pin model and everything on those.
 And so yeah, it's exciting.
 But this is kind of test drive just my list because I'd be fun to tell people and myself
 and to see if anyone, any of my crazy entrepreneurs are interested in custom blood work and all
 that kind of stuff.
 So anyway, it's going to be, it's going to be fun.
 I'm excited for it.
 So once again, register stopnestickers.com and then we register.
 Thank you page.
 There's a video there where I tell people the, my Alex from Ozzy story.
 How Hermose told me his weight loss plan and I did that weight loss plan to lose 40 pounds
 and I've kept it off for two years now.
 And it's like the best thing I've ever done and it's amazing and simple.
 So on the case I share that video and the big part of that video is talking about protein.
 It's then I make an offer at the end to go and sign up for all bond and get, get the protein
 powder, the bone broth protein.
 So anyway, it was, it was a really fun funnel.
 So I recommend checking out go to supplementestickers.com go register and then make page and watch
 the video.
 What I'm going to do is I'm going to have my brother plug in the video of all bond here
 because I told you guys I was teaching supplement secrets.
 And so obviously I talked about the funnel and what we're doing and why and all kind
 of stuff.
 But I do want, I do want to leave you guys something powerful.
 So this, I'm going to put in the, the audio from this video.
 If you want to go see the video and you see me kind of sketching some stuff out again,
 you go register for web and already see the video version.
 But I'm going to post it here because most of us entrepreneurs guess what we have problems
 with movement.
 Most of us are not lazy, but most of us are working on a computer and it's crazy.
 Most entrepreneurs that I meet aren't in great shape.
 And I understand it because we're killing ourselves on a computer.
 We're not moving.
 We're not focusing in.
 We're on time for exercise.
 We're already eating three times a day and like all sorts of stuff.
 And so I shared this, this principal at a Mashman Paradise two years ago.
 It was like, it was a midnight Mashman.
 It was like one morning I was going to end.
 I was like, I have one more section about weight loss, but let's just go to bed and people
 are like, no, please do it.
 So I spent like 20, 30 minutes explaining to people.
 I had three people post-Mexico within like 90 days, messes me back.
 Like Russell, you changed my life.
 That session alone was huge.
 Like I've lost one guy, 20 pounds.
 Someone was 30 and we went personal to 50 pounds in a year from that presentation.
 So I'll share with you guys because it'll help you understand the basics of weight loss
 that I learned from promosy.
 And then hopefully it'll convince you to go buy some bone broth if you want some of the
 best quotes in the world.
 So anyway, so I'm going to put the audio here after I'm going to talking right now.
 And that'll give you some insights on some weight loss stuff.
 And then if you want to learn more about supplements again, come jump on.
 The training should be dropping today.
 If this is live and hopefully we have an evergreen version going up live in the future.
 So go to supplementsecrets.com, check it out.
 And I hope this helps you guys out because for me, it's all about how can I optimize myself
 as an entrepreneur, any more focus, more energy, what can I do?
 And it's usually biohacks, supplements.
 It's all these things that you're going to be learning about during the presentation.
 So I hope you enjoy it.
 Thanks so much for everything and I'll see you guys soon.
 Bye, everybody.
 Hey, this is Russell.
 First off, thank you so much for registering for the web class.
 I'm excited to finally share with you guys my supplement secrets.
 Most of you guys know me as like the marketing entrepreneurial guy.
 And I don't normally talk about this kind of stuff.
 In fact, this is probably the first and only time I will talk about supplements mostly
 because it's the number one question I get all the time on Instagram and Facebook when
 I'm doing my daily routines, be like, what supplements are you taking?
 Why are you taking?
 Why do you do this?
 Why?
 I get so much of that and I've never publicly talked about it before.
 And part six, I'm like, well, I'm a marketing guy.
 I teach marketing and sells funnels and things like that.
 What does this have to do with supplements?
 But I realized for myself as an entrepreneur, like the number one thing that I can do is
 figure out how to get more energy and focus to be able to actually dominate my day.
 Because when I do that, I get more stuff done.
 I have more success.
 I have more fun.
 And if you look at all of the different biohacks I've done over the years and I have pretty
 crazy like how to float tank in my house.
 And I have a cryoson.
 I have the biggest gym of anyone I know.
 I've biohacked pretty much everything in the dream of.
 I've tried or I have my house or I use.
 And of all the biohacking things I've done, the thing that's had the most impact is the
 supplements I'm going to be sharing with you guys during the live training, which I'm excited
 for.
 So I'm going to talk about what these are right here.
 It says unfair advantage.
 This is the little hint.
 That's all you get though.
 But these supplements that I'm going to be sharing with you are different than anything
 else in the world.
 The reason why is because they're not guessing.
 Most people who take supplements are just guessing like, well, I'm going to buy this because
 the sales pitch was good and this and this.
 And just like me, what happened is one day I woke up and my cabinet had literally thousands
 of thousands of types of supplements.
 Every day I was waking up taking 70, 80, 90 pills.
 I didn't know what to take.
 I was just like, I took all of them because I saw the sales videos.
 I got excited and I bought them and maybe you're like me and you have all these pills
 and you don't know what you're taking.
 In fact, I didn't even know until when the first time I had one of my buddies, Anthony
 D. Clemente, who's my biohacking coach, he literally came to my house and I was like,
 what do you think about my supplements?
 And he looked at it and he's like, well, all these individually are good, but you're taking
 14 supplements that all have ashagonda and basically based on this, you're getting toxic
 levels of ashagonda.
 And that's just one ingredient.
 And then these pills and these pills and all the crossover, he's like, you need to stop all
 this right now.
 And I'm like, but I feel like I'm healthy.
 I'm supposed to be like, and he was like, no, you're doing it wrong.
 And so I kind of reset and try to figure things out.
 And what I'm going to be showing you guys during the web class, I'm not going to talk
 about right now, but the way that these supplements work and the way that we do is I actually get
 my blood tested every 90 days to see what's happening.
 In fact, they've got some screenshots and I'll show this in the webinar, but this is
 like the blood panels.
 And if you go to a traditional doctor, they'll check your blood panels.
 And in the middle, you see everything's green and there's red on there, yellow on the side
 than red.
 And normal doctor, if you're in the red, they're like, oh, you're in danger zone.
 We need to tweak some things for you.
 But if you're in the yellow, you're fine.
 But us is like high performance athletes and entrepreneurs and people who are trying to
 produce and create and be creating all those kind of things.
 Like, we don't want to be good.
 We want to be optimal.
 And so what's cool about this is the way they test your blood and you create supplements
 based on that.
 They get you so that everything's optimal, green, right in the middle.
 And then you check them every 90 days so you can see progress moving from one quarter
 to the next quarter and so on and so forth.
 And anyway, so I'm going to be showing you guys that stuff during the web class and it's
 going to be so much fun.
 But I don't want to spoil the surprise.
 So I'm not going any deeper than right now.
 I'm here right now because I actually want to do a quick training with you guys because
 outside the supplements, the number two question I get all the time, mostly because if you've
 watched my videos or see me on Facebook Live or any of the things like you probably noticed
 over the last couple of years, I've lost a lot of weight.
 In fact, I've lost about 40 pounds, which you may or may not notice, but it's funny
 because I even have ads that I ran three years ago where I was 40 pound heavier Russell.
 In the comments, I get people all the time like, Russell, your face looks fat, Russell
 listen.
 And for me, it was like devastating.
 And so I kept trying to figure out how to lose weight and I was trying thing after thing
 after thing.
 And it wasn't until about two years ago, I had a chance.
 I was actually at a really cool mashed writer treat with Mr. Alex Hermosey and we were sitting
 there and it was funny because we were there at night and Alex was eating a whole bunch
 of candy and junk food.
 And I remember being annoyed, looking at him and saying, man, it's got to be nice the
 fact that you can eat whatever you want.
 You still look like a Greek god.
 It's not even fair.
 And he's like, what are you talking about?
 I'm like, dude, you're eating ice cream and candy and cake, all this stuff.
 And like if I eat one of those things, I'm going to double in size.
 And he's like, no, you don't understand.
 Like I'm not gifted.
 I don't have any blessings.
 He's like, it's just math.
 Like, what do you mean?
 He's just math.
 If you understand how the math works, you can eat ice cream every single night.
 I was like, what are you talking about?
 So he literally got up and on a whiteboard, he drew a couple of circles and some graphs
 and went about 15 minutes.
 Like it blew my mind.
 Everything I knew about weight loss and diet was shifted.
 And I was like, oh my gosh, is it really that easy?
 He's like, yeah, it is.
 And if you do it this way, you can have ice cream and dessert every single night for the
 rest of your life.
 I took what he gave me.
 I went back home and I implemented it and I started following it.
 And I've been following now religiously for over two years.
 I have ice cream almost every night for dinner, just you know.
 And I've lost 40 pounds.
 And so I've never really talked about this publicly.
 So for one time, I did a mastermind group in Mexico with my inner circle members.
 And almost as an afterthought, I was like, who wants to know how I lost 40 pounds and
 dramatically increased my energy.
 Everyone freaked out.
 So I did a little like 15 minute session and it probably was people's favorite, which
 was funny because it's marketing and sales and that piece that people love the most.
 And from that, there's like four or five people who end up losing 50 or 60 pounds or next
 year following this process.
 And they keep telling me like, you need to show this to everybody.
 I'm like, well, first off, it's not mine.
 I got from Alex Hermose.
 It's his, it's his diet.
 But they give me a share.
 So if you guys are cool with me, because we have like a little while before the actual
 webinar starts, you cool if I spend 15 minutes just kind of walking us through that.
 Okay.
 Again, this has nothing with supplements.
 I'm not going to talk about supplements, but this is going to show you guys the actual
 weight loss plan that I do that's not hard.
 It's easy.
 It's simple.
 It's all based on math.
 And by doing it, you can literally have ice cream every single night.
 So you guys cool if I go with that next 15 minutes?
 All right.
 Here we go.
 Okay.
 So the first thing Alex explained to me, and I was probably like a lot of you guys.
 Most of you guys might explain this.
 Some of you are going to fight me on this, just like I fought Alex.
 I'm like, no, you're wrong.
 But he said, the first thing you have to understand is that literally all diets are
 the same.
 Because if you understand this, he said all diets are based on number one is calories.
 Like how many calories should you be eating, right?
 So that's question number one.
 And then underneath that, we have our macros, right?
 And our macros are you've got your proteins, your carbs, and your fats.
 And so if you look at any diet, they're all based on the manipulation of these things,
 right?
 And so he came back and he was explaining it to me.
 I was like, no, but it's different because like a ketogenic diet, for example.
 And some of you guys know I wrote the sales pitch for the ketogenic diet.
 Like I wrote the video that kind of went viral, that kicked off that whole movement.
 And so I'm like, no, this is how keto works.
 He's like, no, you don't understand.
 He's like, yes, there's little intricacies and things.
 But as a whole, the reason why ketogenic diet works is because basically what happens
 is that people stop eating carbs.
 So they start getting their protein calories, their fat calories, they stop eating carbs.
 They may increase fat and they have more fat.
 But as a whole, what ends happening, you cut out this entire section of your diet, you
 have less calories, right?
 That's a ketogenic diet.
 And they said the next one, if you go to a low fat diet, right?
 A low fat diet, what do you do?
 You cut out the fats.
 So you see that your proteins, your carbs, you just have less fats.
 And so as a whole, you only need two thirds of the pie versus all three of them.
 And he said, if you look at portion control, portion control is the same thing as that
 instead of, you still protein carbs and fats, you end up eating less of them, right?
 You eat less of the pie and so inside of here, you don't eat any of this stuff right here.
 All it's really doing is giving you less calories.
 Okay?
 And at first I was like, I don't know if that makes sense.
 I was like, what about intermittent fasting?
 There's some magic to prepare intermittent fasting, right?
 And he's like, no, he's looking at the weight intermittent fasting where you get fats,
 crops, and proteins for three different meals.
 Intermitt fasting, you just cut out meal number one.
 And so you have two more meals, but you're only eating one two thirds of the calories
 you normally eating because you're cutting out a meal.
 He's like, that's the big secret.
 He's like, yes, there's different marketing pitches and all these things people try to
 do to make it sound better than that.
 But the reality is, all diets are the same.
 It's just a manipulation of proteins, carbs, and fats and how it works.
 So he said, that's the first thing you have to understand.
 He said, now the other thing you have to understand is like most of the weight loss
 world is doing so much stuff between all these different things and they're trying to get
 you to like, you need this percent calories and fats and carbs.
 And like, I said, I know I tried that before.
 I did those things where I would track all my macros.
 I was like, it was so stressful.
 And at night I'm like, you know, one night I'd be like, okay, at the end of the night I
 got 22 grams of protein left and three carbs and one fat.
 I'm like, there's no food on this planet that fits in that thing.
 So I don't know what to eat and if I eat that then it's spiked this and then it was
 just so stressful.
 I don't know if he has a very counter macros and stuff.
 It was super stressful to me.
 It's like, that's the problem is most people are trying to do some huge manipulation.
 He's like, you want to lose weight in the easiest, simplest way you have to worry about
 two core things.
 Then that's it.
 Okay.
 So that's the first thing you understand this diet is only two things that matter.
 Number one is the number of how many calories you're having and number two is how much protein
 you're getting.
 That's it.
 Okay.
 And so he was like, will I rest with you?
 No, I know.
 I thought this too.
 I thought this so long that I don't lose weight until I did it and since I did it lost 40
 pounds.
 Like this is one of those things like even if you have some book you read or some VSL
 you watched or some reason why you believe something else, I dare you to just trust me.
 I got trusted Alex.
 Okay.
 So only two things that matter are calories and protein.
 So the next question I asked him was like, well, cool.
 How much, like, how many calories am I allowed to have then and how much protein if I'm
 going to actually lose weight?
 And he broke it down really simply.
 First thing he said, all right, for men, he said you should be planning for your protein
 and you have one gram of protein per pound of body weight, right?
 And then for women it's .75 grams of protein for each pound of body weight.
 So the time when we did this whole exercise, I don't remember exactly what I weighed.
 I'm going to say I was 200 just because the math is easier.
 It was more than that, but, you know, who's counting?
 So as a man, so I'm 200 pounds, right?
 So I just have one gram of protein per pound.
 So it's really easy.
 200 pounds equals 200 grams of protein per day.
 Okay.
 And so that was it.
 And for women, you're going to have to do the math on your own because I don't have
 it in front of me.
 But instead of doing 200 times one, you do 200 times .75.
 And that's how much protein you should have per day.
 So that's number one is how much protein, right?
 Okay.
 All right.
 So the second question then after we figure out exactly how much protein we should have
 per day, is how many calories can we have per day?
 And so I asked Alex that next question.
 Like, where do we get?
 How many calories can I actually have?
 And he drew this little chart right here.
 It was really simple.
 And yes, this picture of me eating ice cream with bacon on it just because to show you
 that I needed help really, really bad, right?
 And so he said, this is kind of the way the chart works.
 You're going to take number eight and eight is a very deep cut.
 Nine is a deeper cut.
 Ten is a normal cut.
 Eleven is a moderate cut and twelve is a slight cut.
 Okay.
 So that means I'm going to take my weight and let's say I want to do a normal cut.
 So I want to lose weight but just kind of a normal speed.
 So if I weigh 200 pounds, right, and my normal cut is ten.
 So I take 200 times ten.
 That means I get, so what's 200 times ten equals two thousand calories.
 So I can have two thousand calories if I want to do normal cut.
 If I want to do a deep cut, I times it by nine or a very deep cut times it by eight.
 And that shows me how many calories I'm allowed to have.
 So 200 times eight is what?
 Sixteen hundred calories, right?
 So I have six hundred calories a day if I'm going to be trying to do a really deep, heavy
 cut for I lose weight quickly.
 Okay.
 So those are the two numbers you need to know.
 So if you number one, you got to figure out those two numbers.
 Okay.
 How much do you weigh?
 That's how many grams of proteins we just have.
 How much, how fast do you want to cut the weight and figure out those two numbers.
 Okay.
 In fact, I would pause this figure right now and go do the math and those two numbers.
 Those two numbers are the secrets all the weight loss you want to have.
 Okay.
 So maybe 30 seconds to write these numbers down and then unpause me.
 We'll come back.
 Okay.
 Do you have the two numbers now?
 So in this example, I've got 200 is going to be how many grams of protein I need to eat
 per day.
 And let's say I have two thousand calories per day and that's what I'm going to start
 with.
 You know, this is where it gets really exciting.
 And this is the math that Alex explained to me.
 Now, if you remember, I told you that at night, every single night he's eating ice cream
 and like these nerd ropes or licorice ropes with nerds on and all sorts of candy.
 And I thought it was his genetics that made him that he could look like that and still
 he garbage.
 And he said, no, no, it's just the math.
 So he explained that he said, when you have these two numbers, I'm going to explain to
 you how you do your eating every single day.
 Okay.
 So it's very simple.
 The first thing you need to do is you realize, okay, I can have 2,000 calories a day.
 So let's say this is kind of like a meter of all the calories you're having, right?
 He said, the way I look at it, I wake up in the morning, my first goal is I need to get
 my 200 grams of protein done today.
 Like that's the number one focus.
 So what can I eat that's got the most amount of protein and the least amount of calories.
 Okay.
 So I do that.
 So I eat my breakfast, right?
 I eat lunch, I eat all the things.
 And as soon as I pass this number right, say right here, I'm going to pass 200 grams of
 protein, right?
 It's like, okay, I've got 200 grams of protein or in, but I still have, let's say, 600 calories
 left.
 He's like that last 600 calories, you can get 600 calories of anything you want.
 Ice cream, donuts, whatever it is, but you can eat.
 But the second you hit this number here, soon you hit that number, you have to stop for
 the day.
 He said, that's the secret.
 I was like, but what about like macros and about carbs and things like none of it matters.
 He's like, this is a simple way.
 The wake of the morning, he's much protein as you can.
 The highest protein numbers with the least amount of calories, you eat it all the way
 to the protein goal and the rest of the year protein goal, you eat every, whatever you
 want to rest the night.
 I was like, there's no way, it's that simple.
 He said, no, it's that simple.
 And so I heard that I went back home and said, okay, well, I got to figure this out.
 Like if this is true, I got to, I'm going to figure out a way to make this so that it
 happens.
 And sure enough, like this became the goal every single morning.
 What I do to eat all my protein as quick as possible and then I can eat whatever I want
 the rest of the night.
 And this became the game.
 And I'm like, what are the products and the things I can buy that the most amount of protein
 the least amount of calories, right?
 Because the more protein the less calories, the more I get it to cheat at the end of the
 day, the more stuff I can have, which is like exciting.
 Like for me, if I know I'm going to have ice cream every single night, like I can, I can
 eat differently during the day.
 And like it doesn't matter.
 Worst case scenario, I have ice cream tonight.
 I'm going to skip breakfast, but I got ice cream tonight, right?
 It changes your mind so it makes things so simple and so easy.
 Okay?
 So that's the number one thing.
 And I'm going to show you guys the hacks and the things I found that have the highest amount
 of protein and least amount of calories here in a second.
 That's the first thing to understand.
 Next step, Alex said, is you've got to basically figure out three to five meals that you really
 like that you can eat consistently every single day, right?
 Things that you know how many calories, how much protein is.
 You have to think every single day.
 You just know like for breakfast, like this, flunch, like this, and then write this and
 I can snack and party after that, right?
 But we know exactly those things are going to be.
 And so you kind of start figuring some things out.
 And I'll show you here in a minute a few of the hacks and things I do every single day
 because first off, they taste great.
 I actually love them.
 Like they're really fun to eat and I eat those every single day and then night I can,
 I can do whatever I want.
 Okay, so I'll show you some of the ones I use here in a second.
 All right, the third step is I want you to download an app called My Fitness Pal.
 It's a free app you can download.
 But the cool thing about My Fitness Pal is it shows you how much protein and calories
 are in everything.
 Like for example, if you're going to eat an egg, like how much protein and calories
 are in an egg, I don't know, right?
 You put it into the app and it'll show you a, there's X amount of protein, X amount of
 calories and you'll start getting to know what things are.
 I don't want you using My Fitness Pal forever.
 It's annoying to track things.
 But for the first week or two, anytime something crosses your lips, I want you to plug it in
 there just so you're aware of like where things line up, how that adds, how it affects how
 many calories you get.
 I've had times when I was first trying to learn this, I didn't, I'd take something
 with a lot of protein and I would eat it and I'd add it up and all sounds like, oh my
 gosh, I'm out of calories today.
 And I look at the macros and the stuff and I'm like, holy cow, I guess it's a lot of
 protein but it had like four times more calories than something else that I could have had
 at the same amount of protein, right?
 So just for a couple weeks you start learning the things around like what they actually
 are.
 And when you do that, then it makes it really simple and really easy for you to hit start
 hitting your numbers.
 Okay.
 So after I got back, hang out with her mose, they start trying to figure out what meals I
 could eat consistently that I like that I could do every single day.
 And so the first time I'm going to show you, this was initially my breakfast I ate every
 day for probably a year.
 And then after that I started shifting where I would skip breakfast and I would have, I'd
 have this for my lunch.
 In fact, I have a pan here at the ClickFunnels office where I make this every single day.
 Just because I want to eat more stuff at night and so I started shifting where I was
 eating.
 But for the first year I eat this for breakfast every single day and I eat this almost every
 single day to this, like today because it's so good, it's like me eating a cake every single
 day.
 Again, you got to find things like this that taste really good that you enjoyed.
 You could eat every day when bothered.
 So this is my first one.
 So this is simple.
 This is my protein pancakes.
 Somebody just heard me talk about this.
 This is my favorite brand.
 You got an Amazon, it's really good.
 Faujay yogurt and Faujay is really good, but there's different percentage and 0% is
 the best because it has the most amount of protein and the least amount of calories.
 Okay.
 So when I look at anything now, I pull in the back and make how much protein we have here.
 We've got, we got 16 grams of protein and 80 calories.
 So I'm like, okay, cool.
 That's, that's really good.
 Sometimes you'll get yogurt and it's like, you know, you're like, oh, I got yogurt.
 It's supposed to be healthy yogurt and it's like, oh, it's got 16 grams of protein and
 320 grams, 320 calories.
 And also that throws your whole thing off, right?
 And so you try to find the best ones that have the highest amount of protein and the
 least amount of calories.
 And for me, this is the best one.
 The problem is it doesn't taste very good.
 So you get some Stevie, which has got zero calories, put it in there and mix it up.
 And then it tastes like frosting.
 It is insane.
 Okay.
 So that is my breakfast or nowadays, my lunch every single day.
 And this is the math on this.
 So the protein pancake makes 220 calories, 30 grams of protein.
 The yogurt's got 90 calories and 18 grams of protein.
 So total from this first meal, 40 grams of protein and 310 calories.
 So if you look at this right here, this is protein up top and this is calories down below,
 right?
 So right here I got in my first 48 calories and then I got in 360, down here, 360 or,
 yeah, 48 protein, 360 calories, right?
 So there's like one meal on right there.
 Like, cool.
 Now I got that done.
 So that's an example of a meal I'll have really, really quickly.
 And throughout the day, I might go and I might want to snack on some things.
 So some of my favorite snacks, bill bars are great.
 Bill bars have 130 calories and 17 grams of protein.
 So I might have those for snack.
 Quest protein chips are great.
 A bag of Quest protein chips, the same amount of protein is a chicken breast, right?
 So 140 calories and 19 grams of protein.
 So maybe I'll have a snack like that.
 I'm like, okay, I just had a bill bar.
 So that adds another 130 calories.
 And it gave me what, 17 more grams of protein.
 And I got to there, right?
 17, 130.
 And so I keep eating snacks throughout the day or eating different protein sources.
 A couple of other hacks, like lean meats, if you eat meat, basically a pound of meat
 is approximately 100 grams of protein and 500 calories.
 Okay?
 So meats are like one of the hacks.
 So shrimp, steak, chicken, all kind of stuff.
 So you can literally go grab a pound of meat, go grill on the grill, eat it real quick,
 and boom, you just added 100 calories really, really quickly.
 So I have half of my calories from one pound of meat really quickly and only added in 500
 calories.
 Okay?
 Now if you go to a steak house and putting in all the butter and the mashed potatoes,
 all kind of stuff, it'll give you a 3 or 4,000 calorie diet, a meal really quickly, right?
 But you do this way, it's only 500 calories, 100 grams of protein, you get faster to your
 desserts in your ice cream here after you cross the finish line, right?
 Which is really fun.
 So some of you guys maybe watch this, like, Russell, I don't eat meats, I'm more vegetarian,
 which is cool.
 I actually do vegetarian a couple days a week because I don't like eating too much meat.
 And so there's a lot of different hacks for vegetarians, but this is my favorite urban
 accents, meatless mix.
 I buy this on Amazon.
 It is insane.
 Basically, I can mix up on these bags.
 It's 48 grams of protein really quickly and 360 calories.
 And so this is the equivalent for me of having a steak.
 And I'll do this 3 or 4 times a week as well.
 So there's a lot of ways to do this.
 You don't have to do it just meat or just vegan or both or like whatever it is, it's
 just understanding this ratio between how much calories, how much protein, and then figuring
 that out and trying to get as much of it as possible.
 And as soon as you cross your grams of protein, whatever's left is your free time to have
 desserts and ice creams, whatever you want.
 Okay?
 Now this is one of my favorite hacks.
 There is an ice cream that also has high protein and it's halos, because I've heard of
 halotop before.
 I became obsessed with this.
 I started having halo every single night over the last two years.
 And it's a funny thing to be like, "How do you lose 40 pounds?"
 I'm like, "I eat ice cream every night."
 Like, "How's that possible?"
 Okay, but halotops got 310 calories and 21 grams of protein.
 So even though I have it over here, it still adds to my protein and my other goal.
 So halotop is one of the hacks.
 Like this is something you'll look forward to and there's tons of great flavors.
 Every night I have different flavor and I just rotate through them.
 And I'm craving halo right now.
 Like, it's how good they are.
 They are amazing.
 So halotops get my kids eat these now, like everyone he sees.
 You can get them on Amazon.
 You can get them whole foods.
 You can get them at a grocery store.
 But halotop ice cream is one of my cheats to make this whole thing work.
 Okay, which is really, really fun.
 All right, now you guys want to know my number one secret.
 Okay?
 Something I have not shared much publicly.
 A couple of people might have circled for about this.
 But one of the hacks that plugged into this that made this so simple for me, and it's
 interesting because I didn't realize that's what this was initially.
 But I was at a mastermind event and there was this lady.
 And she is a doctor.
 And I remember she came up on stage and gave like a quick 10 minute talk.
 And her whole talk was all about bone broth.
 And she had these two big back in the bone broth.
 And she was so excited.
 She was running around like going crazy.
 She was like, "No, no, no."
 And she was a medical doctor.
 And she told me, she's like, "I don't care what my patients come in for me."
 And she said, "They come in for, you know, whatever the disease is."
 She's like, "I always prescribe them two cups of bone broth a day."
 And she's like, "I was, she's like, look at me 10 years ago.
 I was tired.
 I had no energy and stuff like that."
 And I started drinking bone broth.
 And she's like, "Look at me right now."
 I remember she had so much energy.
 I think she was about 10 or 15 years older than me.
 She's running around the stage and all this energy holding bone bags of bone broth.
 And I'm like, "This lady's got so much energy."
 And she keeps talking about bone broth.
 And I was just like, "I don't know what this magic elixir is, but I'm going to try some."
 And so I remember going on to Amazon.
 I bought some bags of bone broth.
 And I tried drinking and they were disgusting.
 I was like, "This is the worst thing ever."
 So then I was like, "I'm going to try to make my own bone broth."
 So we like bought some bones and we like put them in a big crock pot.
 We started cooking bone broth.
 And that was a nightmare.
 I was like, "I'm going to try four or five days to cook."
 And then I was just weird.
 And my house stunk.
 And I was like, "That's not the way to do it."
 And I tried like, I probably realistic.
 I probably tried 15 or 16 different brands of bone broth.
 I get ordering, shipping here, trying them.
 And all of them are disgusting until I found one.
 There's a company called Aubon Broth.
 And I remember getting theirs in the mail.
 And some of you guys, if you remember watching my Instagram or Snapchat when these first came
 out, this is a picture right here.
 They came in these big bags of bone broth.
 And you shake it up.
 And I remember, I heard her say, "Take two cups of bone broth a day.
 We'll change our lives."
 So I grabbed the bag and I'd rip it open.
 And I would just chug it like straight out of the bag.
 And everyone thought I was disgusting and weird.
 But it actually tasted good.
 I was like, "This is actually really, really good tasting."
 So I kept drinking it.
 I was drinking it prior to me going to meeting up with Hermosi and him telling me the diet.
 When I got back home, I was trying to figure out all these different proteins and macros,
 all sorts of stuff.
 And I remember looking at the bone broth, plugging it into fitness pal.
 When I didn't realize, this one bag of that bone broth had 56 grams of protein.
 And I can't remember how many calories, but it was pretty low.
 And I was like, "This is like the cheat code."
 And so I started drinking bone broth every single day.
 And it was like this huge chunk of my protein and my calories was coming from bone broth.
 And I loved it.
 I had it for morning, I had it for night, and I was just chugging these bone broth.
 The problem with the bone broth is these bags were like 60 bucks per bag.
 And I was having a bag a day, which gets pretty expensive over time.
 But I felt amazing.
 I loved it.
 I had two or three of the people in the office here kind of addicted to it at the same time.
 And I just fell in love with bone broth.
 I increased my energy.
 It made me feel good, like all the different things.
 I think even the company came out with powdered bone broth.
 And we'd have these powdered ones.
 And there's other powdered bone broth on the market.
 Most of them taste horrible.
 They're like the worst tasting things ever.
 Or they've got really jacked at macros where it's like, "Yeah, they're bone broth."
 But their protein's really low because they all just fill it in.
 Or their calories are super high because they have all these sweeteners making tastes great.
 But theirs was actually really, really good.
 And so I became obsessed with it.
 I was probably their number one fan and customer.
 I was on Instagram every morning drinking bags of bone broth.
 I thought I sold millions of dollars for this company.
 And then I remember during COVID, I had a box supposed to be shipped to me and they emailed me
 and refunded my money and said, "Hey, sorry, we went out of business.
 We can't send you your bone broth."
 I was like, "You don't understand.
 This is like one of my life hacks.
 This is how I'm losing weight on guys.
 Energy, like all of a sudden, I have to have the bone broth."
 I went out of business, supply chain management issues.
 I'm sorry.
 I was like, and I don't know if maybe I'm a drug addict or something.
 I was like, "No, we have to have this bone broth.
 What's it going to take?"
 And so I got ahold of the guys on the phone and started talking.
 And really great guys.
 I had a really cool company.
 And just the COVID supply chain stuff destroyed it.
 And they were basically shutting down a shop.
 And I asked them, I was like, "What would it take for me to help you
 as not quite a business?"
 And we looked at what it cost.
 It would be kind of expensive, but there was a way to get back
 and to get this company to be around so I could keep drinking the bone broth.
 And so I actually became an investor in a company.
 I bought, I don't know, I bought the majority of the company to take over ownership
 and so I could start drinking my bone broth again.
 And when we took over the company, the first thing I thought was like,
 "I love the big bags of bone broth, but they're expensive.
 Most people are not going to buy those."
 And it's honestly kind of weird drinking straight out of a bag.
 It tastes like soup.
 I loved it, but it was kind of weird.
 But their flavored bone broth were great.
 In fact, most of the people I would share bone broth with,
 I thought I was crazy and then I gave them some flavored stuff.
 And then some of the flavored powders are like,
 "This is like drinking hot chocolate.
 This is amazing."
 I'm like, "I know."
 And you still get the benefits of bone broth in there.
 And it happens behind calories or sorry, high in protein alone calories.
 And so when we bought the company back, we decided the very first thing we were going to do
 is focus 100% on the powders.
 Now in the future, we're going to come back out with the liquid bags to give them right now.
 We just focus on the powders.
 And we spent six or seven months reformulating, getting new flavors,
 just getting them perfect.
 And right now, this is my number one secret to getting my protein in is bone broth.
 And so I actually want to show you guys some of you guys cool.
 If I break out and show you guys exactly what bone broth looks like,
 how you drink it, like some of the hacks to make this amazing.
 Because it's something literally you can have two or three times a day.
 I usually have them for breakfast sometimes at lunch, sometimes you get a dinner.
 But this is one of the hacks because it tastes really good.
 You have all the protein, low calories, and you get all the benefits of bone broth,
 all wrapped into one's superfood.
 And it's amazing.
 So if you guys are cool with that, I'm going to show you guys exactly what the bone broth looks like,
 how we mix it, and how to make this amazing for you.
 Okay, let me show you how all of our bone broth works.
 Because there's a right way and a wrong way to do this.
 So I'll make sure you guys get it correctly.
 So when you get a kit, there's basically this chocolate or vanilla.
 Now we have debates inside the office, which one's better?
 Chocolate or vanilla?
 I'm curious what's one of you guys think you like better.
 I am definitely a team of vanilla.
 This is my favorite.
 I'm obsessed with it.
 Chocolate tastes like hot chocolate, but this is like, there's something magical about this,
 but they're both really, really good.
 I do actually rotate back and forth just because, you know, options, flavor, you know what I mean?
 So there's chocolate and vanilla that comes with these cool cups and also stir.
 And so the first step when you make these, obviously you open up the cup, you're going to put in hot water.
 This water is not cold.
 This water is very hot.
 Now this is important.
 You're thinking bone broth.
 Think hot chocolate.
 Don't think like a protein shake.
 Okay.
 When you mix these in cold water, they're not good.
 They don't blend very well.
 They're disgusting.
 I will not drink them in cold water, but in hot water, oh, it's like heaven on earth.
 So just make sure you use hot water, not cold water.
 Use cold water.
 You're going to try like, oh, it's all right.
 It's kind of chunky.
 Yes.
 It needs hot water to melt all of the bone broth stuff into the cup.
 So you take this, you put in the hot water.
 There you go.
 Then you open up your vanilla or your chocolate.
 I'm going vanilla right now, but I'll probably do a chocolate one too.
 Open it up.
 And in the back, you'll notice there's 120 calories, right?
 So you've got 120 calories and also 20 grams of protein.
 So boom.
 So you can eat this and get you 20 grams of protein with not that many calories.
 So you dump it in the hot water.
 And you'll notice in the hot water, you probably can't see it, but it starts melting and start
 falling into the bottom because the warm water melts it.
 And this right here is a frother that comes as well.
 And the first time I understand these frothers, the first time I use it, I blend it and like
 subshot everywhere.
 I was like, this is the worst thing ever.
 But now I learned the secrets of frothers and I love these things.
 They are amazing.
 In fact, we imported a whole bunch and got our bone broth name on the side of them because
 I want everyone using these things.
 So the secret with the frother, you just put it in the middle and stir it up because it
 starts shooting stuff everywhere.
 You go and you put it against the side of it and then you kind of go off and on and let
 the side of this slow it down and speed it up, slow it down, speed it up.
 Okay.
 So I'm going to turn this thing on.
 Actually, I'm going to put it in first.
 There's different speeds in this way.
 You put it in there and you start frothing it.
 And again, I put it next to the side and I slow it down with the side of the cup.
 Otherwise, it starts splashing everywhere.
 Let me mix this until it looks like all of the powder is gone.
 Oh, I can smell it, man.
 It smells so good.
 And as I'm doing this, I just know that right now I'm getting tons of protein, not that
 many calories and I'm getting all the other huge benefits of bone broth as well.
 And there you go.
 There's some vanilla all-bomber.
 So it is really, really hot and amazing.
 So there you go.
 There's the vanilla chocolate.
 Same thing.
 Pop the top off your cup.
 Grab the chocolate.
 I'm making this going to have both of them today because I've got 240 calories left in
 my diet for the day.
 Oops.
 Hot water first.
 Otherwise, it will melt the bone broth stuff on the bottom.
 So start with hot water.
 Put it in.
 Boom.
 You'll see it starts melting through the hot water.
 And again, when you drink this thing, hot chocolate, that's the texture and the flavor
 and the taste.
 And it is amazing.
 Blend it up right now with your frother.
 And it makes this like creamy.
 It's like heaven.
 The fact you can eat this is healthy for you.
 It has all the benefits.
 And high protein is crazy.
 I got my kids now drinking it too instead of drinking hot chocolate during the winter
 times, which is really, really nice.
 And boom, that fast.
 You've got the most amazing hot chocolate in the world.
 Still very, very hot.
 So that's how we make bone broth.
 And again, one of my favorite ways to get a bunch of proteins without that much calories
 and at the same time give you all the health benefits to come with bone broth as well,
 increases my energy and whole bunch of other really cool things.
 So I want to show you guys that because as you know, in the supplement secrets webinar,
 we're talking about supplements we're having, but the key like having the supplements
 without having the diet correct doesn't help you lose weight, doesn't always increase the
 energy as much as it could when you're following this as well.
 Right.
 And so this is the format.
 The process is not that difficult.
 It's very simple and very easy.
 But when you understand it, it makes weight loss fun.
 Again, I've lost 40 pounds last two years and I've kept it off.
 I eat protein pancakes for breakfast.
 I drink hot chocolate.
 I eat candy bars and chips.
 Like, but because I understand the math behind, I can do that.
 Every single night I get ice cream.
 And then after, you know, between my ice cream at the end of the night and other stuff in
 the between, I can eat a whole bunch of other like whatever my wife makes treats or candies
 that you eat with the kids and it's like, it's made my life fun again.
 I can't, how many times I was on diets from trying to like restrict this and not do this
 and all sorts of stuff for now.
 It's like, this is not that difficult.
 And it's changed my entire life.
 And so I wanted to show you guys, because I think it would be really powerful.
 On top of that, the second evil ulterior motive is I want you guys to try our bone broth.
 It is amazing.
 I think you all should be having it.
 You should get one or two boxes for you, your spouse, your kids and everybody.
 And so before the webinar even shows up, I'm just going to share with you guys.
 This is my, my favorite products we've ever created.
 I'm proud of it.
 I'm excited for, I'm excited for you guys to have it.
 And so if you want to get some of this stuff shipped out your house down below the B links
 where you can buy just a vanilla, just a chocolate, get both of them, get them on continuity,
 a description, recurring, all kinds of stuff you can do.
 But you want, but the links will be down below.
 I recommend getting it.
 And if you get any of the packages down below, the other thing I'm going to give you is I'll
 give you a report because a lot of you guys are going to be asking me and I was like,
 what are the other protein hacks you have Russell?
 Like, where do I find the bone, like the protein pancakes?
 Where do I find the, and so I would have a PDF report of all of the protein things I
 do that are the highest protein, least amount of calories.
 And that way you'll have all my hacks as well.
 But this way also my number one hack here, shipped out your house.
 You can start drinking it and start using it right out of the gate.
 And so that's the game plan is down below you notice there's a couple of different options.
 Some of the options come with the froth or some come with the cups.
 I would recommend getting as much as you can because you're going to love this stuff
 and it's good for you and for your family.
 Again, you can do two or three of these things a day.
 It's not going to hurt you at all.
 And it's awesome.
 I'm going to get packaged down below that will give you all of my protein hacks to make
 sure you get the most amount of protein and the least amount of calories possible.
 Okay.
 And so I wanted to share this with you before the webinar came because obviously on the
 webinar we're going to go deep into supplements and the bio hacking behind them and how to
 like test your blood and get the correct supplements for you specifically.
 And all of a sudden it's amazing.
 The goal is to increase your focus, your energy, give you more longevity so you can live longer.
 All those kind of things are the goals of the supplements.
 But if you're doing all of that with the supplements, but like you're overweight, like
 the weight on your body sucks the energy out of you, you have to understand like I didn't
 realize that until I started getting into this and I started losing weight.
 I was like, I have so much more energy in the day.
 I'm not falling asleep and noon every single day.
 I have the ability to go all day and then end the day go back and use my kids and have
 more fun and energies because I was able to get the weight off me.
 That way right now that you guys have on you is holding you back.
 And the problem is that it's all entrepreneurs behind our desk all the time, right?
 We don't have time to go to the gym and do these other things, but you don't have to
 go to the gym to lose weight, right?
 Understanding these metrics is the key, right?
 When I understood, as soon as I was explaining that to me and went back and I started following
 it, I figured out how to get the most amount of protein with the least amount of calories.
 I started figuring out three or four meals I like every single day, then like the weight
 just melted off me.
 Didn't come from running or lifting weights or any of those things.
 It came from shifting my diet, getting my calories under control, getting the protein
 I needed.
 When I did that, it melted off me and it stayed off for two years now.
 In fact, it's funny.
 If you go back and you see ads from me from three years ago, you're like, "Gross, you
 have like five different chins back."
 And I'm like, "I know there were tons of them."
 And now they're gone.
 And it came from just shifting the way I eat, figuring out little hacks like this to make
 it simple.
 I'm going to give you this offer because this will make it easier for this, make it enjoyable
 for you.
 This stuff tastes so good.
 Like you guys are going to love it.
 And the fact that you're using it to get the health benefits of bone broth plus like
 the protein, all that kind of stuff is just really, really powerful.
 So I want to make you guys a special offer because if we get your diet controlled first
 off, everything we do with the supplements will amplify that as well.
 So that's kind of the pitch.
 If you guys are interested, again, links are down below.
 Other than that, thank you guys so much for being here.
 And again, the webinar is going to be happening here in the next couple of days, depending
 when you're registered and during that webinar, I'm going to go deep into the supplement
 side of this.
 How do we check your blood?
 How do we find out exactly what you need for your specific body?
 So you're not doing what I did.
 You know, four years ago, I'm taking 500 supplements with ashir gondin, like killing myself, not
 even knowing it.
 You're going to know exactly what you need for your body.
 I'm sure how that works.
 And it's powerful.
 So again, the two biggest bio hacks for me of all of the stuff I've done is like getting
 my weight under control, increased managing focus, and then the supplements I'll be talking
 about in your webinar, those two things, if you get nothing else, will help you become
 a better entrepreneur, help you build a focus, help you to have energy to get stuff done,
 help you have mental clarity.
 It's not like getting brain fog and tiredness, all kinds of stuff, all the benefits we need
 so that we can go out and conquer the world.
 We can do the thing we're supposed to do, right?
 So we can serve the people we've been called to serve.
 So hopefully this presentation has been helpful for you, hopefully gives you the foundation
 you need to lose weight, hopefully it's products that you become obsessed with like I am.
 You'll drink it three or four times a day.
 You get your wife, your kids, your spouse, everybody on this thing, everyone, all your
 coworkers want them to have more energy to working around you, get them on it as well.
 So thanks for the nice and the supplements stuff we'll talk about during the webinar.
 Thank you again so much, you guys.
 I appreciate you all, and I'll see you all on the webinar.
 Thanks.
 Thanks.
 www.s feedinger.ca
