 Hey, this is Russell Brunson and you are listening to the marketing secrets podcast.
 I'm so excited to have you here today.
 We're going to be walking us behind the scenes.
 One of our recent acquisitions, we bought a company who spent over $40 million for it.
 There's some big ups, some downs and a whole bunch of stuff.
 I want to show you guys behind the scenes what we did.
 I'm going to talk about what the company was, what are the front end offers, why we were
 so excited by this specific company, what happened when we bought it and how everything
 crashed to the ground.
 The things we learned to get people to actually migrate from their platform to ClickFunnels,
 a bunch of things between the future and a whole bunch more.
 I hope you guys enjoy this episode.
 I want to put this intention for you guys as you're listening to this episode today.
 As you're listening to it, I'm walking us behind the scenes of this acquisition we did
 and you may or may not be looking to acquire a company.
 It doesn't matter.
 The lessons I learned along the way will be good for you no matter where you are.
 You're going to learn about funnel structure that works really, really good.
 You're going to be learning about things to look at if you were to buy a company or things
 that probably you should be doing in your business if you ever want to sell your company
 and a whole bunch more.
 As always, if you are enjoying this podcast episode, this is something I do for free for
 you guys because I love you.
 The only way that I know that you guys like this is if you rate and review.
 Please go to wherever podcast platform you're on, rate and review, leave comments.
 That helps me to get this message out to more people.
 Also don't forget that if you go to marketingsecers.com, you can see the video version of this.
 If you are listening to the audio, you can watch the video, you can get the transcripts,
 the show notes and a whole bunch more.
 On top of that, if you have any questions for me specifically, you want me to answer
 during the podcast related to this specific business or any of the crazy businesses we're
 working on, there's a spot there where you can ask the questions.
 Those do come directly to me and it will be taking the best questions and they'll be
 on the show.
 Again, you go to marketingsecers.com and right there you can submit your questions on the
 home page, which is exciting.
 This episode is actually brought to you by a really cool software company called doodley.com.
 If you go to doodley, you'll find out a handy little software.
 We'll talk more about that, but they are definitely sponsoring this episode because
 they owe me about $40 million right now.
 And so with that said, you guys, let's jump into podcasts and have some fun.
 You're listening to marketingsecers with your host, Russell Brunson.
 All right, everybody.
 I'm excited for today's episode.
 I'm going to be talking to you guys about the biggest acquisition that ClickFunnels has
 had, the biggest company we purchased.
 It's interesting because it's not a traditional company.
 It's not ones that you'd be like, oh, they bought HubSpot or they bought MailChimp.
 In fact, most people don't actually know the name of the company.
 In fact, I don't even know the name of the company.
 I know the name of the offers.
 There are a whole bunch of really good front end offers.
 The most famous one, the one that sells the most is called doodley.
 You've probably seen it before.
 It's that hand doodle sketch software that draws videos.
 And there's another software called Toonly and a couple other ones.
 We bought the entire suite of the company.
 I'm going to tell you about that, why we did it, the reason, some of the ups and the downs
 and a whole bunch of stuff in between.
 But I want to actually go back in time because there's a longer backstory of this I think
 is actually important to understand why we did it.
 And so the backstory goes back to when I was in college.
 And I was just first learning this whole internet marketing game.
 And one of the guys I met was also, I think he'd graduated from college, but he had a
 full time job and he was also dabbling in internet marketing.
 And his name was Brad Callan.
 So this had been like, man, early 2000s, 2001, 2002, something like that.
 And we got to know each other.
 We was talked to each other like on Yahoo Messenger or something.
 It was like before Skype.
 It was like way back in the day.
 And which is before Slack and before Facebook, before other things.
 And we were trying to figure this whole business out.
 And I had some offers.
 I was selling, he had some and we just got to know each other back then and we would
 talk all the time, just all the things we were learning along the way.
 And I remember, I think his first big product that I was aware of had a lot of success with
 was a software product called SEO Elite.
 He eventually went called Keyword Elite.
 He had a course called SEO Mindset.
 He was a big SEO guy back in the day.
 And that was kind of the first set of products he had.
 Eventually he created a product called Fat Loss Factor, which was a weight loss offer,
 which literally was like my favorite funnel back in the day.
 Every time I would launch a new funnel, I always showed my designers fat loss factor.
 I make it look like this one.
 And so they used to always tease me, that's like your favorite funnel.
 I'm like, it is like, it's not making fun of me.
 But it was actually a weight loss program and he had hand doodle software that doodled
 out the sales video and it converted great.
 He made tons of money with it.
 And then eventually he sold that business for that product and then Brad was kind of
 in between and didn't have a business.
 And I remember by the time he actually joined my inner circle, which was a huge honor for
 me because someone who's been my friend at that point for like 15 years, they joined
 my inner circle and he showed up.
 And it's funny because in their circle, everyone would get up and talk about their
 business.
 And then what I got up and he's like, I don't have a business.
 I sold my business.
 And we're like, oh, we don't talk about it.
 He's like, I don't know yet.
 We're trying to figure out what to do.
 And it was just kind of this and he's super introverted, like even more introverted than
 me too.
 So like, I think his time on stage in our circle was just, I don't think he, yeah, I don't
 think he ever came back to the meeting.
 He was just like, well, I didn't really, I didn't have a business and I didn't have
 anything to talk about.
 So, but after shortly after that, I remember meeting a message back and forth and he said
 he wanted to create doodle software.
 He's like, I had tons of success with that.
 I want to create doodle software and I was like, there's a lot of people who have created
 doodle software.
 Like, that doesn't sound like that big of a market.
 Like, why would you even do that?
 But he really wanted to.
 And those who don't know the doodle, so the hand doodle software is actually the first,
 this is this is internet marketing history lesson for you guys.
 The very first hand doodle software, not software, but hand doodle video online was
 Mike Geary's the truth about abs video.
 And it was hand doodle by Vince Palco, who used to run a company called Adtunes.
 He still kind of does it on the side, but he was really kind of invented this whole hand
 doodle software thing, the hand doodle video concept.
 And he did a whole bunch of the weight loss market.
 Then I hired Vince, he did probably 10 or 15 of them for me.
 And then after that, people started building hand doodle software to kind of mimic what
 they were doing.
 And so anyway, so Brad had used his doodle software for valus factor.
 He decided he wanted to create his own product.
 So he did and he created the product and he launched it and I didn't hear much about
 it.
 And again, I have two or three friends that actually sell hand doodle software.
 So I just like, oh, yeah, it's hand doodle software.
 And I was making a year or two later, I was just messaging Brad, just asking him how it
 was going.
 And he told me he said, we're selling like 500 copies of this doodle software a day.
 And I was like, wait, a day, like 500 new buyers a day.
 He's like, yeah, this is amazing.
 And then he's like, I took the model we figured out and I created a new software called Tunely.
 So doodly was like the hand doodle software.
 Tunely was like a cartoon version.
 We have cartoons and stuff.
 And he said 500 buyers a day, he's like, we're making tons of money.
 But he's like, I don't have what you have with click phones.
 I'm like, I wish I had a continuity program.
 I'm always 500 people.
 I could put him into our game and paid monthly, but I didn't have something like that.
 So he had doodly making money.
 Then he launched to make him money.
 He was working on one called Clay Mayley, which is going to be like clay figures kind
 of like doodle, but it'd be like clay characters.
 And anyway, so the next two or three years, people going back and forth with him.
 And I remember he showed me, he's like, I figured out this model.
 And so this one I want to share with you guys.
 If you get nothing else from this episode, it's figuring out this model.
 So I said, I want to show you this model that I figured out.
 And it's the reason why I'm able to sell 500 copies a day.
 And he said it's a different structure, the way to kind of structure the fun.
 We said, I look at most people were just selling like, here's a software at $67 a month or
 it's $100 one time or whatever.
 So what I did is I created the doodly.com homepage.
 If you go to that homepage, you notice that there's the sales page for the sales letter
 software.
 And inside of it, it's like $67 a month of the software.
 And it's like, but I don't drive any traffic that page.
 You just have a special page, it's like doodly.com/whateverfacebook or YouTube or whatever you drive
 the traffic from.
 And it's like you go to that page instead of selling it monthly, we have a one time fee
 where you pay $67 for lifetime access to the software.
 And the page literally says it's like special offer just for Facebook, visitors, normally
 $67 a month.
 You go to the homepage because you're here at $67 lifetime access right now.
 So that was the first thing, this irresistible offer where you go from $67 a month to $67
 lifetime, that was the offer that got 500 buyers today to come in.
 But as you know, whoever can spend the most money to acquire customer wins, that's the
 game in the funnel world.
 So he's making $67 for everyone that came in.
 But then his first upsell was a whole bunch of templates for people who are using the software.
 And he sold that for $97 one time for like three or four thousand templates.
 And his take rate on OTO one, which is a $90 send all offers like 60%, like more than half
 people were taking it, which is crazy.
 They ended up sell two and three and like, but the funnel was just killing it, right?
 And so he was spending, I can remember, you know, two or three hundred thousand dollars
 a day and making profit on that and just killing it.
 Like, anyway, metrics were crazy.
 All his buyers are coming in.
 But the biggest thing he says, he's like, I don't have continuity.
 I'm a ClickFunnels.
 I need to build something.
 So he spent the next couple of years building out this video, like a video hosting platform
 called the boom lady he was going to let.
 He was going to host all these videos on.
 And after he created it, it's actually really, really good.
 It's like a good competitor to like Wistia or Vimeo or something like that, the big video
 hosting platforms.
 And so what he was going to do was make it where when someone creates a video, then they
 could host it on his video platform.
 That would be the continuity that he was going to make from it.
 And then for some reason, he created the continuity, like the platform.
 And then he never, it never really took off.
 I don't know exactly why, if I'm completely honest.
 I know he tried to launch it one way and then he tweaked it to be like his course creation
 platform.
 And then he just never really figured it out.
 And this is like about the time that, you know, 2020, 22 is, I know all the whole, you
 know, pandemic stuff is happening, chaos is happening.
 And Brad said he wanted to sell the company.
 And he actually reached out to me because about the time is when we were looking, you
 know, we were talking to people about potentially buying ClickFunnels.
 He said, Hey, do you have somebody that you could introduce me to you?
 So I was like, yeah, I have this really good business broker.
 So I introduced Brad to this business broker, Brad went to the business broker and tried
 to start started trying to sell his, his, his suite of products with doodly, toonly,
 claymately, boomly, talk, yeah, there's like 10 different front end products he was trying
 to try to sell.
 And so, and I didn't cross our mind that we would be potentially, you know, we would
 potentially going to buy it.
 We were just out there, you know, doing our thing with ClickFunnels.
 And by the time we decided we weren't going to sell ClickFunnels and instead we're going
 to build ClickFunnels 2.0.
 And then one of the big things that I kept thinking through is like, I want to figure
 out ways to have more non-Russell based front ends, right?
 Like my face is on the front end of all of our front end products and our courses and
 our things that bring people in the ClickFunnels, which is cool.
 But, you know, if we ever want to sell someday or go public or whatever the next step would
 be, it's weird if I'm the only person, if I get hit by a bus, like what happens to
 the company, right?
 So the question was like, how do we build more non-Russell based front ends?
 And about the time is when we met Dan Kennedy and I told that story in a different, um,
 or not met Dan Kennedy, I knew who he was, but when Dan Kennedy's company was for sale
 and that was one of the big reasons why I bought that company was Dan's written 40 books.
 There's 40 non-Russell based front ends we could have on the platform, which was amazing,
 right?
 And so that was kind of the thought and then all of a sudden Brad messes me one day.
 He's like, hey, we got three or four people looking to buy the platform and he's like,
 your opinion on something we were talking.
 And I also had this idea that popped my head.
 I was like, he's getting 500 buyers a day just on dooley.com.
 It's like counting toonley.com.
 The other ones, I was like, what if, like, what if we bought that company and we put these
 500 buyers a day, got them into ClickFun.
 I was like, what would that look like?
 That would, that would be the huge, like these are non-Russell based front ends or software
 front ends.
 Like there's, there's this thing.
 He's figured out the model.
 He's figured out this thing.
 He's crushing it.
 Like we should just, we should buy that.
 And also now we have all these different front ends that aren't, you know, aren't my face
 on them.
 And so I was kind of the, the thought we started going back and forth talking to Brad and
 talking to the broker.
 And it was so funny because like we introduced that to the broker, the broker, then ended
 up selling the business to us, which was kind of just this funny weird thing.
 And so he got a commission check, even though, yeah, I should get the commission check, but
 you know, that's how it worked.
 So I'll comment down to anything we'll talk about.
 Oh, a couple of things we did.
 So again, there are 500 buyers a day coming to dooley.
 Plus there's that, you know, I think 250 or so coming through toonley.
 He was working on this product called ClayMatelyn.
 Anyway, like the opportunity seemed really, really good for us.
 We took all the customer lists from, for Brad's company and from ours and just to see
 if they're the same customers, there's only like a 5% crossover.
 It's like 95% of the customers were not ClickFunnels members, which in our mind was like,
 this is this huge thing.
 And so we all excited.
 We decided to buy it.
 It was extremely expensive, as you can probably tell.
 His company was killing it.
 So it was our first big acquisition.
 We had to get a bank loan and like it was stressful and all those kinds of things.
 And when we were like, at the 99 yard line, we're about to close this whole deal.
 This is where all of a whole bunch of crazies started happening.
 So I'm telling you, some of the problems we ran into.
 So this is not the highlight reel of like, we bought this company.
 It's super successful.
 This is like all the rest of the stuff we learned along the way that I wish I would
 have known.
 It would have saved me so much time, energy and effort.
 Hopefully this will help you guys.
 If you decide to buy a company or yeah, things like that.
 So the first problem I ran into is right when we're about to close this whole deal, it's
 the same time that Dave Woodward, who is our CEO at the time, was running the company,
 got his brain tumor.
 That was the first thing of just like, we lost the person who was running the entire deal,
 which was, you know, a year later, so like just this been a really, really hard thing.
 So there was that part, which was hard.
 The second thing is we never bought a company before.
 So we didn't know how it works.
 So we're buying this company with Brad and all these products and there's like 100 employees
 and so we buy this company.
 And then the day we close on the day we close, then Brad's like, "Hey, here's the company
 like good luck you guys."
 And we, I never even thought through like, I think most companies have, that are buying
 companies that have like a mergers and acquisitions department, they're like onboard people.
 And we didn't have, we didn't think through any of that stuff.
 So we bought the company, wired them the money and like, "Oh, we have this company that's
 all of a sudden like, we have to hire 100 people.
 We have to like figure out contracts, we have to figure out."
 And it was a nightmare.
 We didn't have any migration plan.
 And again, I lost Dave's.
 And I was like, "Russel, what are you going to do with these 100 new employees?"
 And I was like, "I have no idea."
 So that was really, really stressful and painful for a long time actually.
 I mean, I would say probably six or eight months it took us just to like, to figure that
 thing out.
 And we also found questions we should have asked as we were going through due diligence.
 The company was basically Brad and Brad's insanely talented.
 So there's Brad and then there was like 100 people who worked under Brad.
 There was no organization, there were no managers, there were no like all the kind of stuff that
 you have in a typical company, Brad didn't have it.
 He's just super talented and manage all these people.
 So when Brad's company was gone, all of a sudden like, I had 100 direct reports reporting
 back up to me and everyone asked me a thousand questions and I was like, no wonder Brad
 wanted to sell his company.
 Like, I don't even know what to do right now.
 It was kind of crazy.
 The operations was not in place for that company.
 So that was really, really hard to figure out.
 Brad likes to also genius.
 Brad was running his own ads.
 He would be checking ads hour by hour, minute by minute, making tweaks and changes and again,
 which is probably why he wanted to sell a company who's so involved in it.
 And so when we had our ads to take it over, they're not checking every single ad set multiple
 times an hour.
 Like he was able to do it.
 So he was optimizing constantly, tweaking the funnel, tweaking stuff and like it was just
 so focused for four or five years he was building it up.
 And so when we took it over and we're plugging into like a machine with media buyers and
 people and all sorts of stuff and there's different divisions from funnel team and from
 ads team and like, and so insulin we took it over and it went from being really, really
 profitable to not profitable almost overnight where now we were like losing money where
 like every single day losing tens of thousands of dollars and was just trying to figure that
 out and try to like not have this thing.
 Anyway, it was just, it was, it was crazy.
 But right, it's okay because we have this huge customer list people are coming in.
 And so a big first step like separate one, let's get all these people into click funnels
 and maybe we'll add 10 or 20,000 people in click funnels will change, you know, it'll
 make it all worth it.
 And so we promoted this big webinar to the doodly and the tune lead all the customer
 lists.
 We had a big webinar, we had three or four thousand people registered and we're like,
 this is going to be amazing.
 And I did the funnel hacks presentation.
 And in my head, I'm like, yeah, like during the math and numbers, like how much money we're
 going to make, how many people are going to sign up, do the presentation and about halfway
 through the presentation, I look over to the comments and they were not, they were not
 going well.
 People were upset, they were complaining, this is a sales pitch, like the whole, it was
 weird.
 Like I'm used to selling to people in our industry who are internet marketers who understand
 marketing and what I quickly realized is that the customers who were buying doodly and
 tune lead were not who I thought they were.
 I thought they were marketers using videos to market their business when I found out
 really quickly that people are buying and where people who are creating videos to, to
 teach school, like they were making these videos for the classes, they were kindergarten
 teachers, they were people who were making presentations, they were doing trainings,
 they were like, it was course creators, not business owners and marketers.
 And these people had never been on a webinar, they've never been sold to.
 And it was, I was reading the comments and I remember I was reading the comments.
 I started stressing out.
 So it was me nervous on the webinar and then the webinar, I started talking faster and
 people can understand me and people are more angry and I did the pitch and it was just,
 it was, the whole thing was, it was bad.
 I'm not going to lie.
 I get on the webinar and I remember sitting in the room afterwards and I was like, what
 do we do?
 I thought these people were like potential ClickFunnels customers and we're now seeing
 that they're not like there's, there is different customers.
 And we're just like, oh my gosh, like what did it like?
 This is, this is this huge mistake, right?
 We sold a few on the webinar, but it was not a slam dunk by any stretch.
 It wasn't even like a, it wasn't like a base hit.
 I don't want to go from basketball to baseball, but I don't know how to say that in basketball
 like a, I don't know.
 So, but yeah, it was just like, yeah, that night we were all like stressed out and we're like,
 we made a big mistake.
 We shouldn't have bought this.
 It's losing money every Sunday.
 The buyers are not buying ClickFunnels like, Oh crap, we wrote this, you know, we wired
 tens of millions of dollars to this company and we got a hundred people messaging us for
 support.
 We didn't know what to do.
 And all the time, the Dave's not going through, you know, getting a tumor and chemotherapy
 and all these things.
 Anyway, it was a really heavy, really scary season and we had fun life happening and we
 closed in Andy Kennedy's company like the week, the same week.
 I can't even, like it was a lot in a really short period of time.
 And anyway, yeah.
 So, so there's the, there's what was really happening behind the scenes in case you're
 all wondering.
 And so then we're trying to figure out, well, what do we do?
 Like, I don't know.
 And I was like, the biggest thing is like, we have to figure out like, how do we bridge
 the gap from these people who are courses to like, to like, that they need to funnel
 like there's a gap there and we can bridge the gap, but we have to bridge the gap because
 there's not a direct correlation right now.
 Like, how do we do that?
 And so I hired a copywriter who I thought was really good copywriter.
 I'm like, writing video sales that we're going to hand doodle the software out and we're
 going to put it, give it to the do the customers that explain why they need, you know, why
 a course creator or some kind of content videos needs a funnel.
 And so I paid some $10,000 like, right, this thing, I need a quick and they wrote the
 sales letter and it was like the worst thing ever.
 I don't know if you've ever hired copywriters before, you usually see their slammed uncle
 is the worst thing ever and this one came back as the worst thing ever.
 I'm like, I spent another 10 grand and this video sales guy can't even use.
 It's literally unusable.
 You don't get a refund when copywriters write bad copy, by the way, like you're paying
 for their time not for the end result.
 And I was like, well, we got, yeah.
 So amongst all this stuff, Mike, I'm so tired.
 I don't have time for this, but I have to write sales letters.
 I sat down and I wrote an entire script that we're going to hand animate.
 So I wrote the script, which I was really proud of.
 We found one of the animators in a lot of work with Brad to do doodle videos.
 It's like, here's a script, doodle this video out.
 And then we found something to do the tune lead videos.
 I said, here's the same script.
 I tweaked some things for tune lead.
 I needed to make a tune lead version of it.
 And so I asked them when they spent a month or two going to making a doodly hand doodle
 video and a cartoon video.
 In fact, if you go to doodlyfunnels, doodlyfunnels.com, you can see what the video looks like or tunelyfunnels.com.
 So the video looks like the whole goal was to take people from who are buying doodly
 or buying tune lead and bridge the gaps so they would want to become funnel builders.
 And so much of marketing is just bridging gaps.
 If you guys understand that, if you think about it, whenever you're trying to sell whatever
 your product is, if you're selling a book, someone may not, why don't you traffic seekers?
 This makes no sense.
 Why I need to bridge a gap.
 Would you have a business?
 A business needs customers.
 Customers are traffic.
 That's why I had to bridge this gap where they're like, oh, I actually need that thing.
 So all the business is about that.
 I figured, what is the result that you offer people?
 What is the thing that people are looking for?
 How do you bridge the gap between those two things?
 And so doodlyfunnels.com and toodlyfunnels.com were a sales video to bridge the gap between
 where they were today and where I need them to go to actually buy click funnels.
 So create those two things and we end up sending emails to the doodly owners to go to doodlyfunnels.com
 and all the toodly owners to go to toodlyfunnels.com.
 Ooh, it's a mouthful of words to say.
 And from that, it was cool because we started seeing people actually start signing up for
 click funnels through these different funnels, right?
 Oh, I think heaven's like not all is lost.
 We can bridge the gap.
 We can convince these people why funnels is what they need to really get to the next
 level.
 So we made those bridges and after we had those things and they were working, then we went
 back and said, okay, let's go and let's actually add the doodly funnels offer as upsell number
 three in the funnel.
 So we went back to an added upsell number three.
 So now when you go, if you buy a doodly, you'll see doodly for $67 and there's $97 lifetime
 pack and there's another offer.
 And then it's a quick funnels trial, which is basically the doodly funnels video and
 then we push people to trial and we have that on the doodly funnel and the toodly funnel
 built into the funnel now.
 And what's cool is that every single day now, people who are coming in to these funnels
 and now outside for click funnels.
 So we're getting consistent stream of income.
 In fact, as of today, I asked heaven, I was like, where, you know, how many people are
 coming through there?
 And he said, well, if you look at all of our referral sources, we track them all through
 affiliate links, we can kind of see what's happening.
 Here's almost stuff comes to Facebook and from these top affiliates and stuff, doodly.com
 like that funnel is one of the top 10 click funnels affiliates.
 That's how much I mean new new trials they consistently bring in.
 It's one of the top 10 lead sources we have right now, which is amazing.
 So it's finally starting to work.
 And one of I need to give credit or credit is due when all this stuff was happening and
 we had 100 employees with reporting back to me.
 We didn't have Dave.
 We added some of our team, Kevin Richards, who's been one of the greatest skips of my
 life over the last year.
 He came in about two weeks after Dave left with his tumor and came in and I basically
 was like, I'm drowning.
 I'm like, here's all this stuff.
 And he came in and has become like our CMO, like our operational person or C was a CMO
 chief marketing officer, CMO and COO of click funnels.
 When he came in and was able to help with the click photos, but also coming into this
 acquisition, say, okay, here's all employees interviewing all fighting who they are.
 Finding managers involved and finding people to learn new anything, like getting things
 set up, figuring out systems and processes and build out this entire org structure.
 Now it's like, oh, now this, this is actually running like a business is supposed to run,
 right?
 And so Kevin came and said, all that stuff up.
 Kevin's the one who like took the doodly funnels, doodly funnels.
 And after I built the sales video and the initial sales layers, we've them into the
 click funnels, funnels.
 So like he's been just insanely good at helpful for us to give these things in place.
 And so yeah, I wanted to put that in there because like, how do you juggle all these
 things when you're struggling, like it's finding more help is finding the right people.
 It's getting the right people who can, who skill set is to do these things.
 And so I was lucky I was able to find something to help with that.
 Okay.
 And then afterwards, one of the other cool things is now that we have everything kind
 of in place, now we've been focusing and I think last month was the first month where
 the funnels got the point where they're profitable again on the front end, which is
 amazing.
 And now we're scaling profitably.
 And so it's taken almost a year from acquisition till now to where it's like, oh, now this
 company's actually making some money in our heads.
 We're like, oh, this is going to be a slam dunk.
 We're going to buy it within 12 months now.
 It'll pay for self.
 It's all going to be free money.
 And it didn't do that.
 It's been taking a lot longer, but it took us a year to get the structure of the people,
 the offers, the bridge points, like all those things in place to where now this becomes
 a really good front end engine to bring people in the click funnels and things like that.
 Okay.
 A couple of things just where we're going so that you guys can watch over the next couple
 of weeks, months and years.
 I told you as before that Brad had built a video hosting platform called Voomly.
 And after he'd done it, he kind of launched it, then he's changed it to this course membership
 platform, which kind of competes with click funnels and one thing.
 And so we came back to look, video hosting is like the big thing, right?
 Like wistia.com and vimeo.com are huge companies.
 They do video hosting.
 Like we can do video hosting with Voomly just as well, if not better than them.
 Plus, Brad had built this really cool engine into it.
 It's like a video funnel engine where you can have a video and you put the player on
 it and imagine watching a sales video.
 It's like a huge known adventure.
 Some watches like two minutes of a sales video that stops.
 It's like, wait, are you a man or woman?
 You're like, I'm a man.
 And also, you click the button on the video player and it loads up an X video, which is
 speaking specifically to a man or you can have a survey where it's like, are you just
 getting started?
 Even just a long time, are you moving or are you super advanced and you pick it and it
 changes the video and you can build super complex video funnels through the Voomly player,
 which is insanely cool.
 And so anyway, so we kind of pulled out some of the core stuff that was in it initially
 and we're getting close to relaunched that video hosting platform.
 And one of the biggest features is the video funnel players, which are insanely cool.
 And so we have that plus you'll see we've gotten all these software, doodly, tunely,
 talky, audio, all the different videos inside of platform.
 We built kind of similar to like Adobe Cloud, you know, or things like that, where all the
 software is building one thing.
 And so you'll see the new version.
 It hasn't launched yet, but basically by doodly or tunely, they're all kind of cross-sell
 inside of the software.
 And then whenever you make a video, Automac, we'll host that video on Voomly for free,
 up to a certain amount of videos.
 And hopefully it'll get us to the point where we're moving all these people who are video
 creators.
 So we've got literally hundreds of thousands of video creators getting to where they're
 hosting on our video hosting platform, using video funnels and it'll grow dramatically.
 On top of that, we're also going to be taking this Voomly video funnels technology and
 plugging into ClickFunnels.
 So ClickFunnels members will hopefully stop using Vimeo and Wistia and YouTube to host
 their videos.
 And then we'll be using Voomly instead because first off with a better platform, second off,
 you're able to do video funnels, things like that.
 And third off, it's just going to be super easy integration.
 And so over time, I think Voomly, just the video hosting platform could be a 20, 30,
 40 million dollar year business just by itself, which is another big reason why we bought
 the acquisition because it was like, there's this thing here that has not been used yet
 that I think there's a lot of value in that can be worth a lot of money.
 We just have to figure out the right way to do it, get it working correctly and plugged
 in the whole system.
 So that's kind of the update on that acquisition.
 Again, doodly is the software most people know, but doodly, tunely, Voomly, talky, clay
 mately, there's a whole bunch of ones.
 And then there's like a marketplace for doodly and for tunely stuff.
 There's automatic script, which is a funnel scripts clone.
 Anyway, there's a whole bunch of stuff.
 So I can see the whole bunch of front end offers that are software, they're non-muscle-based,
 they're bringing people into the ClickFunnels world.
 So anyway, that's one that's been, there are a lot of things we've learned on the way.
 We learned that like you need to have somebody in place of like migrating people over.
 We learned that you got to make sure when you're buying companies, you're not just looking
 at like, oh, the marketing, the ads are converting, the funnels are good at us.
 Like who's looking at the operational side of things?
 Like who's going to manage these people?
 Like what's it going to look like?
 Like are people actually doing something?
 Like who's when Brad, the owner of the company leaves and just appears like, what's going
 to happen?
 Like is there a process for running ads?
 There's one super genius who is like doing all the stuff.
 And if he leaves and he's leaving, he's sold the company.
 Like what happens?
 Like do the ads just crash?
 Like so many questions that I wish I would have asked initially that now, we've acquired
 a lot of companies over the last couple of months.
 We've known now to ask the right questions.
 So hopefully that helps some of you guys.
 Hopefully some of the conversations about bridging the gap, like figuring out again, like the
 source, like the lead source coming from and then like what I'm trying to say, like how
 do I bridge the gap?
 You know, think about that with anything you're doing.
 Like you're buying ads from Facebook or from YouTube or podcast ads or, you know, it's
 like if someone's listening to, say they're listening to the MixerG podcast and you want
 to sell them your book on, I don't know, traffic or funnels or something like how do you bridge
 the gap, right?
 Cause just cause it's like, oh, they're going to want this.
 Like just because they're humans doesn't mean they're necessarily going to want it.
 You have to bridge that gap for them.
 And the gap could be an email.
 It could be a video of sales that could be a webinar.
 Like a lot of ways to bridge that gap, you have to strategically think through it by
 me just taking my existing webinar that I've converted for internet markers for the last
 10 years and trying to put it on these course craters.
 It wasn't a bridge that they were able to follow, right?
 I'd have created something very specific and very, you know, very specific for them.
 And same thing can happen when you're buying ads.
 Again, like, like the landing page, in fact, you look at doodly.com, like the landing page
 for YouTube ads is different than landing page for Facebook ads, right?
 If you're on YouTube, it's like, Hey, you're here on the special YouTube, you know, you
 came from YouTube.
 So this is a YouTube special for YouTube people only.
 And so there's just pay a page specifically for that that bridges the gap between the
 traffic and the thing you're trying to sell, right?
 And there's a specific one for Facebook and TikTok and Instagram, like, it's sort of
 bridging that gap to, to, uh, to be able to match the traffic with the actual person.
 Um, uh, and hopefully gives you ideas of kind of like, you know, as you're buying companies
 or you're thinking through even creation of companies, like what are the big things that
 are, that are the most valuable, right?
 Like the front end of the funnel is valuable for us.
 Video hosting platform that had been used as huge for us.
 Like there's so many ways we can monetize that.
 Um, yeah.
 So it's just looking at all the different assets and trying to figure out how things work.
 So I hope that helps you guys.
 Um, and you just have this kind of an update.
 If you haven't, uh, used doodly or tune the edge, go check it out.
 Um, but I would go to the homepage.
 You'll see it's $67 a month and then just wait and we'll retarget you and you'll get
 an ad somewhere that'll give you the lifetime deal.
 So there's your guys homework is go, uh, let us stock you some ads and go find it out.
 Uh, but then look kind of scenes like buy slowly, watch the funnel, look at the process.
 Like, um, when you see behind scenes, what happened and, um, and what's like, what's
 happening?
 Well, this is why Russell spent 40 somewhat billion dollars in company because of the
 funnels.
 Like for you to go and funnel hack that and look at the process is worth at least the
 price of buying the software.
 So go buy a software funnel hack it, watch it.
 Um, and then figure out how could I reverse engineer a funnel like this for my specific
 business?
 In fact, on another episode in the future, I'm going to talk about one of the other acquisitions
 we bought was specifically because we understood the doodly funnel structure and we saw some
 other software that didn't do it.
 I'm like, we buy that software and apply that funnel.
 Boom game over.
 So, um, anyway, I'm trying to give you guys hints to see like what's going on in my head
 as I'm looking at offers and deals and like how to grow and scale our companies.
 Hopefully this was helpful for you.
 So thanks again, and we'll keep you on the journey showing you guys been in scenes of
 doodly, toomly, boom, and the entire suite of products.
 All right.
 This is Russell again.
 Well, thank you so much for listening to this episode.
 If you enjoyed it, please share it with somebody you know who could benefit from it.
 Let them listen to it.
 Um, hopefully I enjoyed it.
 And again, if you have any questions for me about this episode or any episodes, go to
 marketing seekers.com on the homepage.
 You can submit a question.
 Let's come directly to me and I'll answer them on the next one of the next podcast episodes.
 On top of that, when you go to marketing seekers.com, you can see the video version of this podcast
 and see the show notes, whole bunch of other stuff plus all the other past episodes.
 You can go and binge watch them there.
 I think you guys again, before listening to the marketing seekers podcast.
 (upbeat music)
