 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson and welcome you to the marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Hey everybody hope today's been amazing for you
 It's actually nighttime for me. I start my kids off at a church activity and now I am kidless for a little while
 Just can't have only lost two of my kids. I've got five so I'll never actually be kidless, but
 anyway, they're out scouts and
 Actually not scouts the church activity was similar and
 Anyway, I've had a really fun day. Everyone's been out of town at the two-com club X
 Coaching programs who've had just like three or four of us in the office working on
 Project mother funnel which you may have heard me talk about this
 It is literally the biggest funnel in the history of all funnels and it's almost done
 Hopefully by a week from tomorrow is the goal of habit live
 And you'll see it's insane, but I had this big realization like
 Like the new mother funnel if you look at the goal of mother funnel
 And it used to be called super fun
 Well, I think I told you this before you should call it super fun
 Well, and then one dad so angry as like mother funnel and then it's the names now stuck so it's project mother funnel
 Even though I've never said swear word my whole life
 That's the closest I'll ever get is mother funnel and now it's become like a thing
 So I'm sure there'll be a t-shirt someday that says that
 But there's a Russell Brunson curse word for you as far as much as you're getting but that's what's happened with this with this project
 But it's interesting is like if I look at like what is the end goal?
 Like why are we doing all this craziness in the project and the reason why is to simplify?
 What we do for our users?
 That's it like I can't tell you how many countless hours how many?
 Hundreds of thousands of dollars is cost us to simplify the process once again for our users
 Newsers coming in for existing users for everybody else. That's the whole whole point of this thing. I start thinking about like
 Okay, why did I write a book or two books or multiple books and the lack of cookbook?
 I always think I did it because I'm trying to simplify the process my customers
 Why do I do events?
 Why do you seminars or do workshops because we're trying to simplify the process for our customers and it's like this?
 Obsession that never ends it keeps going and going and going we're trying to simplify the process for our customers over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again
 So for you, I was thinking about this and I want to share this with you guys today because I'm thinking like for all of us like
 Like we're always trying to get somebody result right like any business is like the end goal is like
 What's the result you're getting for your customer?
 And then we create products and services and things pop up that we then then
 Create and sell and give to our audience because we're trying to help them get that result. I was thinking about like
 Like if you want to figure out how you can serve your
 Customer the highest level and help them the most the thought that you should go into your head is always a couple things or more
 Like what's the result I'm trying to get from my customer right having a very clear path for that
 Like for me the goal for me is is to get my customers into the two common club like that's
 In my mind like that's the result I'm trying to get that's why our whole two common club coaching program was built
 Because it's like how do I get people into common club click funnels is like
 Everything that I do is all wrapped around getting people into common
 That's the result that I have for my clients right if you could be something else could be weight loss
 It could be a confidence could be like whatever your thing is right to save a marriage be save a life
 It could be
 Getting somebody your new product you know help
 I mean be more healthy because of your product or like whatever it is, but there's a big result right that's number one
 The number two after your hyper focus on that big result and you are obsessed with your customer
 And you know who they are you love them then it's like you're trying to figure out
 Just different things you can create that'll help them to get that big result right?
 But I was thinking about this the way for you to become better at your business
 Is not so much like creating another product another product another product
 It's creating things that make the process simpler for
 them
 So if I'm I'm looking at this like how can I simplify this process the most possible for my for my customers
 And as I'm simplifying the process. It's moving somebody up the value ladder right because I write this book that takes
 So much effort to do right so write this book. I then give it to people they read it
 um
 And it's it's simplified like it's simplified more so than them going out and trying to go and you know read a million blogs and
 Go through a thousand youtube videos and study courses from the last decade like this book simplifies that process for them
 Right and that's the friend of my value ladder and then it comes up
 It's like okay now you're gonna build these funnels now. How do we simplify that for them case software?
 We create software that'll simplify that for them. So we simplify it for them
 Then now I feel like our coaching program the two common club x it's like okay people trying in the two common club
 How do we simplify this even more and that's the event that my team's at this weekend?
 It's like we built systems we built milestones we built checklist we build accountability partners
 We're building all these things to make it simpler and simpler and simpler
 To get people the end result. I look at the click funnels new mother funnel home page
 It literally is like you come in and try to take all the thinking away from people
 Our biggest reason why people leave us and people don't slap is because they can't figure out how to use click funnels for them
 So I'm trying to simplify that process
 You'll see a new home page when it's live you come there
 It's like a video me trying to give you belief that funnels are what's going to change your life
 And then it's like hey, which one of these businesses best describe you you tell us and then we have an entire sales page written directly to you
 With case studies specific to your exact business
 Um, so you can think oh, that's how it worked for me and then
 Paid templates we built specifically for your business then case studies
 Multiple like four or five day email sequences with video case studies of people in your market over and over showing exactly how you can do it
 I'm trying to make it simpler and simpler and simpler for people right
 um
 Jake are my team jake Leslie whose amazing designer
 Is is actively managing like 15 or 20 different designers are now and we're building out all of these pre built funnel templates
 based on seven the seven different um funnels that are like the
 um
 the most like the best
 Uh, the most used funnels inside click funnels and they're building out tons of designs for each of them
 I think we have 15 or 20 designs for each funnel each of these different seven funnel types
 Um, which by the way, you know, they are there uh opt in funnels application funnels, uh trip wire funnels video sales funnels
 product launch funnels webinar funnels and automated webinar funnels
 So those seven funnels we've got like 15 to 20 entire
 beautifully designed already connected
 Pre-done templates ready for people and the next phase that he's doing these designers. He's going back to each of those
 Um to those funnel types and then he's breaking down like like say product launch funnel right we have like 15 awesome amazing product launch funnel templates to resign
 He's then taking that and then um, we know within our 10 sub markets
 There's like 500 sub sub markets right because like in professional services. We've also got
 chiropractors and dentists and like financial planners and so we're making like like three to 500 templates for every sub market
 So it's like like oh you're dentists. You want to do product launch? Congratulations. Here's the actual dental product launch went
 Oh, you're a network marketer. So skin cream here is the template for network marketer. So skin cream
 Like i'm spending insane amounts of time effort money to simplify the process for our end users, right?
 And because of that I will make more money because i'm providing more value to the marketplace
 And so anyway, I I just wanted to go on this little
 Rant not rant, but I just want to share this with you guys because it's my mind's out especially today as I as I spent
 So many hours working on this thing. I'm just like the whole goal what we're trying to do is simplify
 The ability for our customers to get the result that we're helping they were helping them to get
 And the more you simplify that the more money they'll pay you the better you'll
 The better you'll be and so for you should be as constant
 Focus on how do I get my customers this end result and then how do I simplify it? How do I simplify it? How do I simplify it?
 Right?
 Um, I mean look at the last decade of my life
 It's gone from teaching seminars and how to like build funnels to like building software that well not me
 Todd and Ryan and all the genius to build software
 But like now we have software that makes it simpler and then now we've got training that makes it simpler
 And we got all these things we're doing to make it simpler and simpler and simpler
 And so really it's like looking at whatever it is you do inside of your sphere of influence
 And if you want to get paid more money figure out a simpler way for people to get the result you're promising them
 That's it
 And then to have that a constant thing in your mind like how to make it simpler how to make it simpler how to make it simpler
 What can you do to make it simpler? Um, just last month
 Um, it was like two months ago. We sold
 Uh, at the federal acting by event we sold people into the two common club x coaching program and you got 650 or so people signed up for there
 And um, and we made this amazing process people jumped in and there's so much amazing content
 But I didn't listen to my buddy stuma claren who told me we need a success path for every single person is coming in
 And sure enough 30 days in people are like I am learning so much stuff, but I have no idea what to do now
 I'm getting overwhelmed. I was like, oh crap. So the first question I had how do I simplify this?
 So how do we simplify this?
 And so we built out four success paths for different business types like digital slash coaching here's a success path for them and then it's like
 Um, physical product owners here's a success path local businesses here's a success path
 um
 Uh service providers and freelancers here's your success path and inside the success pathway
 All these different milestones people have to go through to get to the end result in fact all my little
 We made these little uh papers that are printed out
 Look like it starts with a dude that says funnel hacker on it
 And there's this like literal path with all these little milestones in the end of the path
 It's got that person holding two common club work because that's the result
 I'm trying to get all these people to get right
 And so it's like here's all the milestones that get you there
 And then if you'll go what happened this weekend at the systems events
 And also, you guys are like i'm talking about all sorts of stuff all over the place and some of you guys have no context
 So I apologize if this whole episode doesn't mean anything to you feel free to just ignore it
 But um, we had this event this weekend where basically what um our coaches if they went through
 Um, okay, here's the milestones for you to come a club inside of each milestone
 How do you do that? You click on this thing and then we open up an entire trellal checklist
 It's like here's all the steps you got to complete to get this milestone checked off
 And then if you're like, well, I don't know how to do this step
 And there's a link inside the trellal card that links to the actual videos and the members are showing how to do that specific thing
 Okay, and so now it's like for these people the event just barely ended
 And we had about 200 people that went through it over the last two days and on facebook
 They are blowing up like oh my gosh. I can't believe you guys made this even more simple
 I know exactly what you have absolute clarity absolute certainty
 And it's like in my mind i'm like jumping up down like yes, we did it. We made it more simple
 Like that's my entire job is to help people get the result and they constantly figure out ways to make that process more simple
 And the better idea more idea the more I keep innovating and changing making better and better and better
 Not because i'm a genius because I keep but because I keep trying to figure out how do I make this simpler for my audience
 So for you if you want to grow and develop and change
 Um, and you know, I know a lot of us is the external close money. You want to make more money
 You want to have more impact all those kind of things you should have an extreme focus on
 um
 How to get my people the this end result and then how to make the process simpler how to make it simpler
 How to make it simpler how to make it simpler?
 If you do that, that's the impact you really want. So
 Anyway, there you go. I'm in my garage for last eight minutes yelling at the phone
 Um, hope this helps somebody hopefully helps you guys just to focus on the on making simplicity for your
 Uh customers because that's the goal. That's the key. I never thought about that way until just today
 But as i'm looking at i'm just like man, that's that's why i've been paid well over the last decade of doing this
 It's because I have this insatiable
 Insatiable, um desired for your ways to make it simpler for people to get the result and i'm promising them
 And uh, I think that that is the key. So I hope it helps you guys appreciate you all have an amazing day
 And uh, we'll talk to you as well soon
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [ now ]
