 Hey, what's up everybody? It's Russell Brunson. Welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast.
 Today, I want to talk about shortcuts.
 So, the big question is this. How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still remain profitable?
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers.
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers.
 Okay, so, I don't know.
 He followed me on Instagram and said he'd probably seen the pieces of it, but I've been slightly cracking over the last five or six weeks because the load has been heavy.
 Like insanely heavy. In fact, six weeks ago, I made a list of all stuff I have to do. I was just like, I don't think it was possible.
 And a couple of times I couldn't sleep. I was like four or five in the morning because I couldn't fall asleep.
 I was stressed about it.
 Which then made it worse the next day. I couldn't even function. I was tired. I was like losing days. I was just like, oh, anyway.
 But, at the end, I'm on the last week and in a week from now, I'm going to be on vacation for like two weeks with my family and just like unplugged and like catching some breath of fresh air.
 But it's been heavy. And it's interesting because yesterday, well, since we get my sister came into town, which has been so much fun.
 Her whole family. So it's like, I don't want to ever be the person who misses the party because it works.
 I'm like, I have to be part of the party. So I'm like doing all this stuff and like making sure I'm out.
 And I'm there. And I guess, shame my daughter. It's not her birthday yet, but they all went to Roaring Springs.
 This is a big water park here for her birthday. And so I'm like, I can't miss that. So I ended waking up at like five in the morning.
 I worked from five till noon, getting like basically a whole full work day. And I took off.
 Well, with them, Roaring Springs till like eight o'clock and I got back. And then I worked from eight till two thirty in the morning.
 And then I took two shifts that day. Plus the shift to the kids. And so like sleep is like basically, I got to get rid of something.
 Only thing I can get rid of is sleep. So I can get rid of fun. I can get rid of family. I can get rid of projects that I pull out sleep and get rid of it, which you can't do for too long.
 But now it's Tuesday. So I have Tuesday and Wednesday for me to go and getting all the new coaching modules that are going to be launching next week.
 I have to get those all done. And then plus I have the three event, which is a virtual event, which means I'm the only one there speaking.
 So I've got a dozen or so presentations I'm working on there. Needless to say, it is a lot.
 The burden is heavy. But the good news is it's like it's almost in. Again, this week I'm going to be able to unplug this big.
 So what I want to talk about though is shortcuts because like in the process of this, as I'm moving forward as fast as I can to go, these things done.
 I have to look for shortcuts, right? Because like there's no way to get everything done.
 It's like it's impossible. So you have to look for shortcuts. And so one of the nice things I like about this whole like, I don't know, maybe it's bad.
 But it's like for me, it's like I try everything like, like I don't pre I thought I'm pre-plan. I just.
 It's like just in time production, like like everything we get done just in time. It doesn't get done early ever.
 Like it never has my entire life, like I never got homework done until the minute it was due, right?
 I never get projects done because it's like because if it's like if I plan it too far in advance and I've all the time to think and then like, I don't know, like the greatness of life.
 I don't know, like the greatness comes when you're like under pressure and stress and you start discovering these shortcuts.
 And so yesterday we got back to the water park. I'm sitting there. It's like eight o'clock and almost nine o'clock at night.
 And I'm about to start working on the modules again. I'm just like, I don't think it's done in time.
 And I'm thinking like, how can I shortcut? How can I shortcut this? I'm looking for the shortcut, right? And then I could peer.
 And the shortcut in this situation was whose products and whose content, whose courses could I license to shortcut what I'm doing?
 And also I was like, oh my gosh, there was this modulate to create the private, I mean, realistic. It would take about a week to create the whole thing.
 And it would have been good, but I don't know if it could have been great. And I was like, oh my gosh, there's someone in our community who's created something that's great.
 And I was like, can I shortcut? Like, I wonder if she'd be willing to let me license it. So I called it up on through Vox.
 I'm like, hey, I need a quick favor. Would you be willing to license me your entire course? And within about 15 minutes we figured out a deal and a structure and today I'm wiring her money and she's sending me her course.
 And I'm going to be plugging that into the training to fill this gap. And what's crazy is like, it just short cut. I just bought myself a week back.
 I would have had to figure out somewhere on the boat at Lake Powell. That would not work. Anyway, I bought myself a week back.
 And the reality is what she created was so much better than I would have created. It's already, man, I'm looking at the stuff that she's sending over.
 I'm like, this is way better than what I would have done. She's so much more detail oriented. And just everything's more thought through.
 But it was just like, it was a shortcut. So a shortcut has saved me a week worth of time. It saved me so much stress and anxiety.
 And then it actually turned out better than if I would have done it myself. And so it got me thinking, man, where else can I start short cutting things?
 I'm looking at now everything I'm doing right now in this window. Like, hey, what can I not do?
 What can I give you some else? Like, what's the things? Like, where can I work? Can I short cut things? And so for me, it was licensing a course and licensing content.
 And this morning I've licensed three other people that are like, hey, you got something on this. Do you have any product I can license or a course or a thing I can license?
 I got to teach this concept, but you know better than I do. Can I license it? And the people are sending me stuff. It's like I'm speeding up my process.
 Anyway, and I want to show you this because I had a conversation with Todd who, those are Todd Dickerson is my business partner.
 And click funnels. He's the dude who built the original click funnels. He's a genius. Literally, a smart person I never met.
 Don't tell him that because his head will get bigger. But no, he's like literally the smartest person I ever met in my life.
 And it's funny because we were talking about him and other developers and things like that. And he told me, he's like, I think it makes me the best developers because I'm so lazy.
 I'm like, what? I'm like, dude, you're not lazy. You're the hardest worker. He's like, I know I'm a hard worker, but he's like, but he's like, the reason why I'm such a good developer and I get things done so fast is because I look at everything like, oh, like, I can do this.
 And there's like, there's a six month version, like news, and you get done six months. But is there a way to send it like two days instead?
 And like, that's the thought he always looks at. And it's like, oh, well, instead of me coding, holding scratch by bar list here and this here and then get these libraries.
 And I don't know. This is all the coding talk I understand. Then I could get done two days versus six months. Maybe I have to like not do these four or five features, but it's done in two days versus six months.
 And it's funny because he's like trained our development team to start thinking that way. In fact, Ryan Montgomery, who's who was our CTO for a long time.
 And it's always the joke for him. He's like, you look at a product, you're like, okay, this is going to take me six months.
 Then go get your Todd hat, put your Todd hat on and think like, what would Todd do? Todd would be like, well, I wouldn't do that way.
 I would just shortcut here, here, here and get it done in two days and suppose it's six months. And so that's the joke is like, put your Todd hat on before you come back.
 That's good. Now put your Todd hat on and reevaluate and come back with like a shorter timeline, right?
 And so I'm thinking about that now. It's like, I just basically put my Todd hat on, right? To shortcut these modules and things I'm doing that.
 It's more realistic for me to get done in time. And now it's like, I just bought myself a week. I'm moving forward quickly now.
 And it's exciting. And so I want you to start looking at your projects that way. A lot of times there's a shortcut. A lot of what happens is a way you can just something faster.
 You can be licensed in this product because you, you hiring somebody. It could be like a million different things.
 But what's the shortcut you can do today to get you there faster? Put your Todd hat on and figure out how to get the shortcut.
 So I want to show it today because by putting a Todd hot on today, I set myself at least least a week worth the work.
 I made the product better and everyone's happy. The person I licensed the product from is ecstatic because they got a ton of money and they're going to get all this credibility because they're in our product.
 I got to save myself the time and effort. Our customers are going to win because they got a better product than what all of a sudden done.
 And I'll get done faster because I looked for this shortcut. So there you go. There's the thought for today.
 I want to drop on you guys as you're doing your projects is figuring out what is the shortcut, putting your Todd hat on and figuring out the shortcut.
 That's the thank you guys so much for everything and hopefully you're moving forward on your projects and getting back to changing the world in your own little way.
 And with that said, I'll talk to you guys all soon. Bye everybody.
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick, I wanted to invite you to join arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community.
 And it is a challenge we call the one funnel way challenge. You know, everyone in their business and their life, they're one funnel away from something.
 Some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job. Some of you guys are one funnel away from getting more impact.
 Some of you guys are funnel away from growing your company to the next level. And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel.
 No matter where you are in your business, this challenge is going to help you understand the strategy, help you understand the tactics, help you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel.
 So I recommend you do right now, stop everything, pause the audio, go online and go to one funnel away.com. That's one funnel way.com and join the next challenge.
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days, so go get started right now. One funnel away.com.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
