 Hey everyone Russell Brunson. Hope you guys are in amazing tonight and welcome back to the marketing secrets podcast
 I just finished an hour-long Facebook live with my two comma club ex members
 and
 It was all that list building and I kind of went off on a rant and it was a lot of fun and
 As much as they all needed to hear it my guess that some of you guys are gonna need to hear this stuff as well
 So I with their permission I'm gonna be posting this here on the podcast
 Yes can learn from it and hopefully start refocusing all your efforts on building your list with that said
 I keep a theme song we come back you guys will be jumping it directly into my rant
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 What's up everybody this is Russell
 And I was late night. I'm sure I'm not gonna get more than one or two of you guys online right now
 But I'm hoping that in the morning you guys all gonna listen on this and you're gonna freak out
 And then you are going to be focusing on one thing one thing only the next like
 Year of your life. So there we go. All right, so this whole conversation is starting out because
 I'm
 I'm gonna call him out a little bit because I love him Nick Fitzgerald
 So he just did his his launch
 This last week and it did good considering
 Considering the percentage close rate and low in
 The fact that his list was really really small so he sold a ton of product to a really small list
 which made not as much money as he wanted and
 Anyway, I was going back and I was re-listening because I've done
 Two special podcast episodes for him one two years ago one last year
 And so this is gonna be the updated version for him and for you guys and it's gonna be going deep on list building
 So if you haven't listened to a little episodes if you go back to the market secrets podcast
 I found out today the first one was episode
 18 it was July 19 2017 and the episode is called how to make it rain
 So I highly highly highly I recommend you guys go back and watch that one is me driving around barely telling
 Telling Nick this is before Nick anything about our world or funnel hackers or anything
 And I was kind of just laying down the groundwork of how people make money in this world and it was really fun
 So go listen that one number one and then a year later
 He went came from hiking live during 2k club X
 And then at the traffic secrets event I pulled him on stage and tell a story and then I did a second a second round
 podcast with him live in front of everybody which is really really fun and
 And oh great nicks on here. What's up, Nick? You're gonna have so much fun. All right, so that one I posted
 Some reason I stopped doing episode numbers
 But oh, I remember why I didn't like that for some reason anyway November 21st
 There's a podcast the market secrets podcast called my conversation with a friendly giant part one of two and then November 26th
 Is part two of two so go listen to those because Nick tells a story
 Which is really really cool and then the second half of it is I gave him some spot consulting right there
 I think listen five or six or things or whatever and what's interesting is that one of the things I talked about is this
 Same thing I'm talking about tonight. So I must not have said it loud enough
 So tonight I'm gonna say it really really loud because I think my wife never just sleep in the house
 So I'm gonna so so we're going ranting but it was talking about building a list
 so I was a year ago and and
 And now they went through this experience of this launch and he was well as wanted like my heart broke for him and hurt for him
 But then part of me is like angry because like you're going to yell them loud enough about this thing
 So I'm yelling at everybody here inside this coaching program. I'll probably turn this into a podcast episode as well
 So I am yelling this for anyone who can hear the sound of my voice
 and
 This is this is the warning okay you guys ready for this until you own traffic. You don't have a business
 Until you own traffic. You do not have a business. What does that mean? It doesn't mean
 I think a lot of times we what's entrepreneurs like we think that the business is the product right right
 I create this amazing product. I'm in business the business the product is not the business your customer list is the big
 That's the only thing that actually matters
 if you if you
 Look at like companies that are purchased right the only thing that matters in a valuation of company is customer list
 Like if somebody was ever by click funnels, they are not buying click phones
 They couldn't care less
 They spend you know a couple million bucks and really good to help you make a clone click funnels
 They would be buying click phones because of the customer list like that is the only tangible valuable asset inside of my
 Business is my customers who are paying me for something awesome. I guess the customer list is the big big big secrets
 That makes sense. Okay. I remember a few years ago
 When in fact I'm writing traffic secrets book
 I like a two chapter rant about this as well in that book
 But when eBay bought Skype for I think it was like four point two billion dollars
 Like eBay at the time was the biggest company in the world
 Why they spend that much money for Skype?
 They literally could have cloned Skype in a weekend did it because Skype had like 420 million users at the time right like that was the
 asset they bought was the customer list why did
 Why does Zuckerberg buy Instagram like he could have cloned Instagram like 35 seconds right?
 He did it because he wanted the customer list to subscribe like this
 That is the only valuable tangible asset in your business
 So until you own traffic until you have your own list you do not have a business
 You can have promotions you can have some cash here and there
 But until you have a list you don't have a business
 Okay, so knowing that our entire focus should be building a list like that should be it
 That should be the focus that should be the thing we talk about we think about we eat sleep, breathe, drink
 Like that should be the number one focal point
 I know
 Somebody told me this a decade ago and I listened to it and I like I tattooed it to my brain
 And I'm gonna tell you as again
 I want you to all like get out a mental tattoo and tattoo this to your to your brain
 I'll next start to repent right now. He's saying I'm recording creating freebies to go my list good
 We're getting deep into that. I'm gonna go a couple levels deeper than that tonight with you if you're okay with that
 so
 List building right like my friend told me he said he said on average you should make one dollar per month per name on your email list
 That's what you told me and I remember taking that hard. I was like, okay, like I don't know what is
 I just really weird problem or something. I just believe it
 So I'm like sweet cake dollar per person per list
 I was like how much money I want to make I was gonna make hundred and a year because I was like my big thinking back then
 So like I need a list of ten thousand people I list ten thousand people as ten grand a month hundred twenty thousand dollars a year
 Boom, I am in and so that was the goal and that was the game plan, right?
 And so I started running and so I started doing everything I could dream about I was trying to be as creative as like how can I
 Boob list what can I do with this like who has a list how can I get that list like what do I need to do like and like
 Just that was because that became the focal point
 I started thinking about right and I remember a very short period time
 I got a list of like
 217 people then grew to like a thousand into five thousand and ten and fifteen to twenty then to a hundred thousand
 We have million to you know and and that became the focus and it was interesting
 Man, probably it was it was like two years before ClickFunnels hit my business was
 Stagnating and stalling we were stuck at like two and a half three million dollars a year for like three or four years
 I think you guys remember told the story before and I remember
 We're trying to figure like what is like what's the big thing? I got to figure out and I remember Dagan Smith
 He asked me what they said well how many people join your list every single day?
 I was like what do you mean? He's like
 As like when my list is like a hammer like 130,000 people say no
 I asked how big your list is how many people per day are joining your list and
 I was like I don't even know he said well if you don't know
 That's why your your business is strong if you know people join your list
 Name means you're not focusing on which means it's not happening
 Which means that that's the root problem of all like the root of all evil is the fact you have no idea
 How do you per day or joining your list? No said per day wasn't per week per month per year is like any people per day?
 I remember I was in a mastermind group. This is back. This is gonna date me a little bit for those SEO nerds out there
 but there was a time when I article read him was the secret to getting leads and all this stuff, right?
 I remember this guy was in a mastermind group and he was talking
 I mean he wasn't getting trafficked aside and all these kind of things and
 And he was doing article marketing and I asked him. I said well how many articles a day are you submitting?
 He said I can tell by the way you said that I'm doing it wrong
 I was like what do you mean? He's like I've submitted two articles so far and you asked me how many per day I was submitting
 I was like yeah, you're doing it wrong, right?
 And they sell was a continues article marketing was this thing but like fast-forwarding now
 It's like if you're like oh my list of ten, you know thousand people or ten thousand or hundred thousand people
 That's not the question the questions how many people per day are joining your list so they can told me that
 So I was like I didn't even know so I remember logging my software and in the software
 I showed how many people that day to join your list and so we started writing on the whiteboard
 I think the time is like 23 or something like 23 of that day and I was like oh and the next day
 I looked at it was like 20 you know 20 19 19 like these little numbers
 But then I started looking at it. So they're looking at that number started making me so angry because I was like
 It's so small. I need to make it bigger. How do I make this thing bigger?
 So what's interesting is like when you when you track something it grows like it's just
 It's a foreign you're losing weight when you track something it shrinks
 But for most things if you track it it grows right and so number became the driving force
 Like that was the metric for my business was how many people each day are joining my list?
 That's all that mattered. We were looking we're focusing that became the number and so every single day
 We'd come to the office and that was number how many people joined the list yesterday
 How many people joined the list yesterday every single became in that was the number that was on the board and was crazy went from
 You know 20 to 30 a day to 50 a day to 100 a day to 200 a day to 250 to 500 to a thousand
 and I remember looking across the thousand a day and
 It was insane if you'd asked me a year earlier like can you get a thousand damn like that's not possible?
 But we got point we were doing a thousand day
 We knew people joining our list and guess what happened to our business? Oh
 It all just kept growing right because it's the new fresh blood coming into your universe
 Yeah, your business is all about getting that fresh blood the new people in all the time consistently focusing focusing focusing focusing
 And so what you guys just understand like and tell you on the traffic you're on the business and so that's gonna be the key focus now
 God without me like teaching the whole traffic secrets book right now. There's three types of traffic right?
 There's traffic that you control so Zuckerberg owns it right or Larry and Sergey over Google
 They own the traffic so that that's why that that's why they're so freaking rich is so powerful
 I was talking to my dad today about how like if you look at the entire internet you got you got
 Zuckerberg on Facebook and Instagram you got Google guys own Google and YouTube. That's like 90% the internet's owned by like three dudes, right?
 It's insane like they have all the power because why they have all the customer list like they have everybody so they own traffic
 Okay, so if you go buy edge you own that traffic you can control it
 So it's good and you should have controlling traffic is one way to build your list
 Okay, I'm gonna go buy ads to build my list. I don't own it. Okay, I can I can control
 I can buy an ad say point it to this landing page and go there and give me your email address, right?
 Number two traffic you earned says me going on a podcast for me doing a Facebook live on somebody else's page like me doing a
 Summit or me doing all these things I'm trying to earn traffic and give them kind of mind and then the third traffic the third and the best
 The most important they'll he should be focused on is traffic that you own. That's your list like that's the big secret, right?
 Okay, when you have a list this game becomes super super easy
 I always tell people internet marketing is like pushing a boulder up a hill at first right?
 So you're pushing and you're pushing it's like it's hard and first you're making no money
 You're like I'm spending 80 hours a day and no money's coming and no money's coming no money's coming
 You're pushing it and you're pushing it you're pushing it
 But as you're pushing this this boulder up a mountain that rock is is your lesson is getting bigger and it's getting in
 I guess the rocks on the list technically, but it's it's picking up the list right listening bigger bigger
 And there comes a point where's this tipping point where the bowl is on top of the hill and starts bouncing down the other side
 And since it's bouncing their side this game becomes really easy. Okay for me
 That started happening about 30,000 people on my list
 I was making and I was averaging about 30,000 dollars a month and it became easy
 I could make up any I could literally wake up in the middle tonight and send email list like hey tomorrow
 I'm gonna do training on how to wake up happier if you want to come to this training pay me 10 bucks
 And I would wake up and maybe three thousand dollars in my inbox like insane right like any in like any crazier
 I don't want to pull out of my loop
 Pull out my whatever I could make money with it because I had a list and it was simple right and so like that's we got to get
 But the first like getting from zero to a hundred to a thousand ten thousand twenty thousand three
 I that's the hard part as soon as you get over the edge then it becomes so so so so easy
 So that means you come to focus point and the goal is like how do I build the list?
 How do I grow this thing? It's gonna be painful to a certain point as soon as I get it over the top then it becomes easy
 Okay, so you have a list now you have a leverage now. It's like
 You can go to somebody else and hate promote my product and I'll promote yours, right?
 You can do there's reciprocity, right? We have no list you go something like hey you put my product like
 No, like what's in it for me, right?
 I guarantee you as much as cool of a person's I think I am if I would have called Tony Robbins a decade ago
 Hey Tony guess what? I'm a super fan
 Can I come speak at your event and Fiji? Can I hang out and want to be friends or any business partners in the future?
 Do you want to promote my book? You're like no, but when I went to Tony guess what I had
 I had something that he was value of him. I had this thing. It was called a list and list is a platform
 I say Tony man. You're amazing. I want to promote you to my list of
 500,000 entrepreneurs should be interested in he's like yes
 I will listen to you because you have a platform right like your list opens up doors it opens up any doors
 I don't think there's a human being on this planet
 I couldn't get to right now because of my customers like I it's that's how powerful of a tool it is like it's it's the key
 Okay, and when you have a list you have power you can do you can do you can do swaps
 You can promote other things you can like you can sell your products or somebody else's product you can have an idea
 You can brainstorm it becomes easier because you only have to like
 Like again, but right now a lot of times we're creating products and we're guessing we're hoping we're putting stuff out there
 And then like we try to sell it that doesn't buy right. Oh man
 We spent all so many on traffic and it worked. Where's the delicious like you don't even create the product like I'm gonna send emails
 Let's see if they buy it. They bought sweet. I'm gonna go out there and create the thing on the other powerful thing
 I think it was John Lennon. It was John Lennon Paul McCartney
 This was them them writing a member the story they were sitting day out one day and they wanted a swimming pool
 And so I'm gonna go write myself a swimming pool and he walked inside and and he wrote
 He wrote he was yesterday wrote the song and boom that got the royalties and built bought the swimming pool, right?
 He wrote himself a swimming pool. I remember Dan Kennedy, you know, he he I love dad
 I'm a lot more, you know, he calls his list is heard like get you like build a herd of people and remember
 He says he's always say he's like he's like if you want to buy something your life
 He's like figure out what did you want to buy so I'm buying a car a new house whatever he's like then send the bill to the herd
 Like that was Kennedy's always say to us all the time back in his master my group like send the bill to the herd
 So it's like I want a guy in your car. What's gonna cost? It's gonna cost a hundred and fifty thousand dollars money Tesla cool
 Send the bill to the herd right an email send it out have them pay for it. Everything's free, right?
 So that's that's the power of a list like like you have to like make that the focal point because that is your business
 Okay, everything else is good like having a webinar is good
 But the reason why it's good because it builds a list profitably having a book funnel is good
 But why is it good because it builds a list profitably having a summit funnel is good
 Why is it good because it builds a list like all those things the only reason why they ever even matter at all
 It's because they build a list that's it every funnel I've ever created in this entire history of my life
 It's got one goal one goal only and it's to build a list profitably
 That's it and I have a list I can sell whatever I'm selling software coaching supplements
 underwater scuba lessons
 I don't even know you never want right, but that's the magic the list is the key okay?
 All right, if I drill that in everybody's heads enough. I hope I have if not I will rant even more
 Okay, so now you are like sweet
 I got a list now or now I get the thing I need a list how do we get a list?
 Okay, so a couple things number one is you need to make on your whiteboard a big thing
 It says how many people join my list today and you look at that number and if it's zero you need to be angry if it's
 One you gotta be angry start getting angry because the anger is what's gonna get your mind to be like?
 What's the next thing? What's the idea? What's the thing? I got it to create or do to get somebody to get my list?
 Okay, all right
 So that's number one is putting that number making it front and center of your entire business looking at over and over and over
 And so you see it so you start thinking about okay, that's number one number two now. It's like okay if I'm gonna build the list
 I've got a
 List building is basically you're just you're trading right like I give me something exchange treatment address
 It's like I need to create something really really cool. Okay, it doesn't be as big doesn't be a book
 There's been to be a thing something cool. It's unique. That's that's fun
 This interesting that you can it's got a really good hook right like it could be it could be simple is like like this
 Pod like this thing. I'm yelling my rant right now. This could be very simply very easy an amazing
 Lead magnet to put on a squeeze page. I can like hey one night
 I went to my coaching members and I ran it for 45 minutes on on the powerless building
 I showed him five or six my fit my most powerful ways to build the list
 You want to watch that video now go opt in right now
 That could be like this could be me ranting you can get your phone on just ramped for 15 minutes on the phone
 That could be the lead magnet that could be it. It doesn't have to be something that's huge and hard
 It's gonna be something really cool, right? So you create that and that's like, okay, you create that you create really basic
 Landing page like a squeeze page and thank you page. We give away and that's that's phase one
 Okay, and that's why when we started this round of two comma club ex coaching the very first training
 It was a two-hour training on lead funnels how to build the list to lead funnels
 I apparently didn't rant loud enough in that for everybody to hear so I'm ranting loud now if you haven't gone go back to that
 training I show like I think I show 110 different examples of landing pages and lead funnels and how they work and how people like
 Different options people use different bribes and the layout and the structure of the pages. So it's um, it's all in there, right?
 So go check that out
 Okay, so squeeze pages good, but now it's like, okay
 Well, how do we have to get people to opt in because like traditional just Facebook ads like yeah, you know
 Be by Facebook ads you're looking at anywhere from a buck to five bucks per lead and so especially if you can start like that's
 Oh, that's a heavy pill to swallow right and so for me like
 Facebook ads are awesome and they're great. I didn't buy my very first Facebook. I didn't buy my first paid ad
 For over a decade. So for the first decade. I was like I gotta figure out other ways to build a list and what's fascinating is
 Back then we did not have Facebook. We did not have my space
 Friendster wasn't selling ads
 Google slapped everybody so work for like a week and then I got it
 I worked like a week or two and then stopped working for everybody
 So like I didn't have an advertising platform to build a list on it wasn't wasn't the thing and so like I had to be
 Critic okay. Well, I gotta build a list like how do you buy this?
 It wasn't like go buy ads somewhere's like okay. You got to be creative. How are you gonna?
 But let's pretend like just just pretend for a moment like like I don't have I
 Don't have Facebook. I can't pay for leads. How am I gonna generate leads? Can I start looking?
 I'm like well, there's other people already have a list right so they're have a list
 How can I get access to like you have a list? Do you remember the wedding singer when?
 Adam Sandler goes to
 to
 He goes to the bank with Kevin Neeland there and he's interviewing for a job and Kevin
 He's like you like why should I hire you?
 He's like well, you got money. I need money
 So I was hoping you could hire me and give me some of that money like that is good
 It's the same thing like you've got a list
 I need a list how do we do something together so the your list can join my list and I have a list too like as dumb as that sounds
 That literally is what went through my head all the time because I didn't have a list and other people dance
 I'm like, how do I how do I build the list and so a lot of it was going out and like, okay?
 How do I create something with this person right? How do you a partnership? Okay? I did summits like crazy
 I did more summits than you guys would ever believe me if you ever if you go back in the Internet archives
 You can see a lot of them
 But I had a lot of summits I put on my own summits
 Why do I put on my own summit because I knew that although the people I was gonna interview the summit had a list and I didn't
 Okay, I didn't position myself as an expert initiative. I said okay
 I'm gonna do a summit's called the affiliate fact it was a really bootcamp
 I think I've launched the bootcamp six times
 But when I first was a fully bootcamp and I just found six affiliates or excuse me
 I think it was like 12 I can't remember I spent a long time in a decade or so whole bunch of affiliates
 I put them on a summit and I was just the interviewer. I wasn't even teaching anything
 I just interviewed people right and then I had everybody promote the summit
 I interviewed other people and I got a list and wasn't a tonne but I got 1,500 2,000 people to join my list now
 I had a list right and I love your list
 So what's the one that said hey your products really really cool. I got a list
 It's not huge, but I'll promote your product for my insomes like cool
 I'll put your product and also we did
 Exchanges they put on my upper there's and then what happens I make a little money
 They make a little money, but I get people joining my list then I start thinking okay
 I know all these people that have lists there a lot of them are affiliates they put on other people's products
 So what if I create something really really good and most people are paying them
 50% commission on the product what if I came back and paid them a hundred percent commission and at the time no one ever heard that before
 And so I go to people like hey I created this amazing product check it out
 I'm like that product is really cool
 It's like what if I pay you a hundred percent commission to promote it like why would you that like I don't know because I'm a nice guy
 And I feel like you should get all the money because you the one that built the list
 And you spent the hard time and energy and effort and you're way cooler to me
 So I'll let you sell my product keep a hundred percent of money and some people said dude
 That's awesome deal so they would promote my product
 They would they would keep a hundred percent of money and guess what I would get the list the list would join my list
 And all of those people became my people and the next thing I saw I kept all the money from right like that was
 That was the magic okay, I remember I had one friend. He did a really cool thing
 He he had these CDs that he used to sell for I came up writing a 300 bucks for these CDs
 And he was doing okay with it but not like killing it with these things and he's like you know what I'm gonna do
 He's like I'm gonna take my $300 things and back then he put them on CDs or DVDs
 So it doesn't work as good nowadays because people don't really have DVD players back then it was a thing right
 And I remember he this big Christmas Pro ocean and he went to all of these big huge people's lists
 He said hey for Christmas, how do you make to give your list my $300 product for free and
 People like that'd be awesome like like it's free
 So you're not gonna make any money, but they get a cool gift is coming from you and it'd be awesome
 And so he said these pages on the people's
 Free each person I didn't do it, but it would have been like it's called the marketing quickies
 It was like marketing quickies dot com slash Russell's you know marketing quick
 You see the CDs right $300 if you go to slash Russell's like I was like hey, this is I think was an
 Andrew anyway, he was like I didn't part of Russell because you're on the list normally he will go to the home page
 You can go see it's $300 for this product, but because you're a Russell subscriber
 I'm gonna ship you out CD for free all you gotta do is put your name and address down below on our ship
 You see you for free so he came to me and like I don't know 400 other people
 He asked 400 you know he has tons of people and most of them said no be like 30 or so people like sure that
 That sounds awesome. It'd be great gift for my audience
 They all said emails to the list went to the page they filled out the form with the shipping address everything
 He went bird CDs all Christmas long and sent him out to people and when all said and done he ended with the list like
 18,000 people boom by giving away his product for free, but Russell now
 I'm not gonna make any money like well again your business isn't your product right your business is your customer's now
 You got a customer's now make another product. I forgot the next thing they want to buy right?
 I remember tellman Knudson tellman
 I remember I had just been building my list at the time. I thought it was a hot shot. I think I had like
 How much was that probably had 40 50,000 people I listed this time and he messes me one day?
 I don't know who he was some of you has made not know tell me he's not as big in our market as he used to be back in the day
 But he's more in the personal development hypnosis market now
 But he used to be like in the internet marketing in fact he owned list building calm for a long time
 But anyway, I digress we came to me said hey Russell
 I'm doing this really cool summit wherever we talk about how they build a list and I want to see if you'll promote
 Promote the summit to my squeeze page and and then you can be on the summit. I was like no dude
 That's the stupid thing I've ever heard and he's like why why like why am I gonna email my list to your squeeze page
 I'm half my list will go on your list and like what's been for for me?
 He's like and anyway
 I told him no I hung the phone and then like six months
 I don't like it by six weeks later. I see this big launch where every single person on planet Earth is emailing their list to this brand new new
 bees
 squeeze page tellman and was like in fact if you go to
 Still there used to be lists crusade calm. I'm still there
 list
 crew
 Say it's a hard word to spell
 Yeah, I saw the wrong anyway, I'm sure we'll back the way back
 You can find it, but it was just pages like hey learn the listening secrets from it had all people's names like give me a
 Miladress and I'll give you access to all these interviews and so we did it and like I said six weeks later
 I saw all you know and boom boom boom boom my person after personally always big names
 I was like what in the world and I remember I watched his campaign and he built the list
 I found it later over a hundred thousand people from this campaign and I remember messaging after I was like dude
 How did you pull that off because you asked me and I thought you were insane?
 I told you no it's like I know he's like most people thought I was insane. He's like I asked 70 people and
 all 70 of them told me no and then guess what he's asked the 71st person and
 his name who was the seven I think it was a
 Was the nitro guys I think it was the night
 Matt and Kevin Wilkie and anyway, yes, them and they said yes
 He's like oh my gosh. I got my first yes
 So he's to went to the 72nd person said him to this project these two guys said yes
 You want in on it and they I guys like yes and when next person hey
 I was project that person that person said yes you wanted I said yes
 He said the next like 40 people said yes afterwards
 Okay, we got 70 nose in a row before he got his yeses is that crazy and then boom at the end of the campaign
 100 million dollars excuse me 100,000 subscribers. I think your one is business made seven or sixty thousand dollars and all he did was email
 To those lists all the people's products that sold their product. He didn't have his own product that first year
 He just built the list Mary else's list and sold other people's products
 Okay, you see this like this it comes down to creativity like how do we do this?
 How do we do it? Okay? It's like how do I create cool things that I can somehow incentivize somebody else to promote okay
 One thing's Nick said and I'm gonna tease a little about this piece
 You know I thought I thought that I
 Had a bunch of friends who I assumed were gonna help me promote the product
 Why would they help you promote the product? There's no reason why someone's helping promote the product like like I have to make a better
 Offer to my affiliates than I do to my customers, right?
 People always think well Russell everyone pros click phones
 Why I think Reverend pros click phones number one we pay 40% recurring commission for the lifetime of the customer higher than any other
 SaaS platform on this planet number two I pay for a dream car for everybody number three
 Bring them on stage give them street cred number four a lot of times
 We have a hundred percent Philly commissions on books or on offers like OFA number seven
 Like book deals what do you do book launch?
 It was just twenty dollars a way free book like like I work harder to get my affiliates promote then I get my customers to buy
 Okay, so you have to understand like if you want somebody to promote for you
 It's not just like oh, put on me
 You should promote me because we're friends because we know each other like no don't even ever expect it my best friends in the planet
 I do not ever expect them to promote my stuff
 I still go nowhere to sell the crap out of everyone those guys as well, okay?
 I gotta make an offer for every single one. I'm okay
 If I've been friends them for a decade and a half for them promote me
 I still sell them on why they got to promote me okay, and we make those offers insane so
 It's so when you're thinking that like if you want I feel like to promote you say, okay
 What do I give them 50% I give them a hundred percent. I can't tell you how many messages I get people like Russell
 I have an aid for product if you promote it. I'll give you 50% I'm like dude a really good
 If they don't take 50% okay, especially for info price. They don't want 70 or 80 or 100 or you know
 We've got dills. We've done the past we pay 150 to 200% commission on things
 Why because we want the list one of my very first mentors name is Mike Lippmann
 I remember seeing him on stage one time and he said he was talking about how they were doing this these offers
 They make these free DVDs and said we sell these three DVDs
 So we buy the DVD and call them on the phone we sell them coaching
 He said guess how much money I spend to sell this free DVD and I was like
 I don't know and he said 30 bucks like I paid it for 30 dollars to give away free DVD
 I was like what you're gonna be broken like 13 DVDs like how does that work?
 And he stopped he said Russell you've understood amateurs focus on the front end
 Amateurs focus on the front end
 Okay professionals focus on the back end. He's like I spent 30 dollars to give away CD
 But I average on if every CD I give way average $200 and sells on the phone within six weeks
 Okay, so for you guys are thinking about that like how do I create something it's such a good deal for the affiliates to promote
 I give them so much up front. So like like what I think we pay a hundred percent on OFA are my one fun way challenge
 We pay a hundred percent because right now we got last month
 6500 people joined OFA the 6500 buyers. Yes, how many leads came from that a whole lot more than that. I think yeah a lot
 Right and it cost me a ton and it make in fact I lose my I think I think we spend
 $70 per box or maybe 60 I might meet Miss Corey $67 per box for one of my channels plus 100% commission
 So it cost me for every every box I sell I lose
 50-60 bucks, right?
 But what happens okay amateurs folks on the front end I folks in the back and I get a customer
 I bring them into the value that I mean the things and they send and they get stuff and all sorts of stuff like that, right?
 And so
 That's what we as an understanding just like it's it's coming back down to like okay
 How do we how do we create something amazing and if you're nervous like I like again comes back to like
 Especially at the beginning when money's tighter. It's like man paying Facebook a dollar to five dollars per lead is scary, right?
 That's like what if we come back and what if we what if I took my $300 product a product that put on CD and people pay
 $4 maybe not see maybe mp3 player maybe it's whatever and pay four bucks for me to ship it out to him
 Or maybe it's a book maybe I take my take my my best presentation my best
 Facebook live my best whatever I get it transcribed works like a book and and I got I feel it's promoted and
 They get away for free or they can and I'll print it and ship it and send out to people
 They pay five bucks for me to print it ship it to him and then I get the lead and they get you know whatever maybe it's
 Co-branding I used to this all the time where I would find somebody who had a list who's better me like
 Take a look at the top of my head
 Like my feelsemin I used to do this we did a couple times
 Where we had both done a pre-launch in fact you go back to the Internet archives
 You go to pre launch secrets. Yeah, pre launch secrets calm look the way back machine. You'll see it
 but basically
 He had done a bunch of pre launches. I'd done a bunch of pre launches became the other create pre launch secrets calm and it was basically
 Tell us some where I came listen to summit you can hear my talk about his pre launch
 I'll talk about what we both did and then and then
 And you guys get for free and so Mike promote his list I promote my list when leads came in
 We both got the lead so they joined both our list when they came in
 And so basically he got some my leads and some his leads we both got better
 We gave some really good training way for free and then I think we had an upsell where you we could buy a camera
 Something we put together for an upsell to try to make a little money off it. That was it and I did another one with
 with Josh Anderson and with
 Jeremy Burns I remember some I'll vice back the day same thing
 I would interview them interview like we put together a thing where it's co-branding we both create something together
 We will promote it. We will split the leads and boom both for our list got bigger right
 And so it's like looking people already have list when people have a following like co-branding and going into each of these different markets and
 And doing that okay the first part of your business you have to understand that the first part of your business is all about
 Gay getting land right getting people in fact
 recent recent circle meeting it was interesting Brandon
 Poland was there and he was talking about how you know first half your business all about gaining ground the second half your business is about protecting it
 and so it's like you know and
 Hopefully they just have to go through that part of process, but you know we get to the spot when
 You're now, it's like we have legal crap and all these other stuff to protect your land right and people throw in lawsuits at you all
 So that's like the part of his diamond and it sucks you guys are in the fun part of the business
 We're like gathering land like this is the guy if I could sit down all that just brainstorm like how to get more land
 Like it'd be the greatest thing in the world
 But just thinking about that like hey this is the part of it is I gotta I gotta gather on I gotta get people
 It's as quick as I can right and so it's doing a little bit of a lot of things consistently like every day
 Like your full-time job
 I this is your job is the eight-hour day job is to hustle to build an audience like you can give an audience you are in the business
 Right people list you don't have a business. What's going out there? You're buying as you do you're doing affiliate deals
 You're doing partnerships
 You're getting people to email you're doing so much you're in podcast like like everything you can do to capture land
 Like it's just not a one thing. It's like a whole bunch of things right
 And just try and think after thinking after thinking it doesn't work don't forget to do the next thing the next thing
 It's going to go into a potential dream partner who's got to listen okay
 You've got a list what we're coming to get or coming to with them with a plan like hey, I got a really cool idea
 I can like your audience is good at this. I'm good at this like
 What's his name Noah?
 No, St. John did this from back in the day at the time
 He had no he was a he's a personal development guy and his whole his whole pitch is like you know a lot of times like Russell
 You teach people it's the most amazing marketing stuff in the world
 He's like they're sitting there
 They got a foot on the gas because you give them all information
 But they're all freaked out so the same thing that's on the gas and they're from the break and they're like
 They're spinning out nothing's happening. He said your product helps people put the foot on the gas
 My product helps take the foot off the break
 He said the shoe partnership where I your people can come in they buy your product and then get my training my training
 I'll take the foot off the gas and
 If I remember right this is man a decade ago. He first pitched me on this. It wasn't he wouldn't want money for it
 he was like yeah, just put this on your thank you pages and
 Happy will click link they go over they thought a form and then boom I can access my course and I when they feel the form
 Guess what they did it joined their list. Okay, one of my buddies
 One of my buddies
 Joel Marion and Josh Bazzoni they launched Bio Trust which is a supplement company if you look at how they did it
 They didn't go and buy a bunch of ads initially what they did is they went to all the people who already had traffic right?
 They already had funnels and went to thank you page every single person's thing and on the thank you page
 They have a button to say hey, thanks for buying my info product
 I get six pack abs quick here to find out my number one right read recommend a supplement
 They click there to go over to the squeeze page and put the name email address then and then boom they're put on
 Josh and Joel's list and then those guys email the list every single a selling protein
 So things like that and as they were selling all those things they were
 All those commissions were going
 See all the missions go to the person who referred them over to squeeze page and they just sold like they just they'd sell people
 I crazy and they're all the commissions in the back to that person just like click phones
 Right someone sells my books and then get by click funnels that really still gets the money right and so he's put squeeze page on everyone's
 Thank you page
 So it's looking at that kind of like how can I how can I go to other people that I know in my market who?
 Maybe I'm a bit a little bit bigger following me and like how do we start partnering together and we tag team together?
 We create cool things together, right?
 Trinky has many different tactical ideas to like to jolt your brain as as possible
 What else what else one thing is I'm thinking more just tactical ideas
 I remember when I first got started this game and I first got the like the gist of list building
 And I remember I started looking at who the list builders were right and if you don't know who the list builders are in your market like
 That's your number one homework sign. That's even before writing the number on your board
 How many people join today like who are the list owners in your market? Okay?
 And I'm talking about email list like there's only different types of this but emails still to this day still the most powerful right
 Like games when podcast is good and it's awesome
 But getting them to send email for you is better and it's faster like it's just still is someday
 It might not be but as of today. It's still the best
 So I'm talking about email list closer
 Who are the email list owners in your market, right?
 And so I remember like that was the first thing I learned by building this I'm like cool here list orders
 I started like listing I remember the ones at the time were like Joe Vitaly Michael S be
 Who their names like all different names, right? And so I was like, okay, I'm gonna do deal and I remember
 Joe Vitaly was the first one I was like I think I thought he was so cool and like he is cool actually
 But like I remember time I was just like oh Joe Vitaly's the man. I want to I want to be a
 I want to be the I
 Want to be like I want him to promote my thing and I built this whole thing up
 I remember I built a hole like I remember studying his stuff and going through stuff and learning I said okay
 I have this something I can pride his audience is gonna be huge deal, right? And then I emailed him and guess I heard back
 Nothing's like crickets
 Crap, email them again nothing email again nothing like what a punk like he should be responding back to me
 Doesn't he know that I said all the time energy like learning about him and focusing on him and
 I say that because I want because I'm being vulnerable here
 But I guarantee that happens to me all the time I get people hitting me up on Instagram on Facebook
 I like all sorts of places. I don't respond back to him because I can't I'm drowning looking back now
 I'm like Joe I get it so sorry like totally makes sense why you didn't but but he didn't right and I was trying all these people
 Right could this level up here? I'm trying to reach around to me none responding back to him. I was all angry mad and then um
 I remember I was just like man. This game sucks like that
 You know no one's out here for the little guy like I thought this was you know
 Everyone's here to help each other and apparently not and like just all the all the bitterness that I could possibly have was all there right?
 and then um
 And then uh I went to this forum at the time and I met I don't know dozen guys we're all about my level
 um
 And we're all gonna do that same kind of thing and no one had a huge list
 I think my list was like 200 people at a time
 Uh mike feel same was one of the guys in there mike. I think I listed like five or six thousand
 He'd just come out with a product called carbon copy marketing and he had him on cds
 He would burn the cds and remember that uh, I think he was charged like five bucks forward 10 bucks for him
 It was like a $0.90 product and it's like cheap and he was using it to be a list build looking back now
 It's like always doing to list build and he started building this big list
 excuse me and um
 especially he was doing and uh
 and um
 And I email mike and I send him a copy of my product. He's like, this is really cool. I'm gonna promote it
 He promoted it and then uh and I was like cool man. Thanks for running
 I'm like who else do you know?
 He's like oh you should meet this guy this guy until about two or three other people
 Um who's same thing had lists about size of mine maybe a little bit more, you know
 Kind of the same area and we got to know each other then I had to live and promote me then another guy
 Promote me and then I promoted this guy and we started like and it was interesting
 All these guys were at this level down here, right?
 And I remember looking at again
 There's all these guys up here like like the joe of itali steven pierces all these people like we're untouchable
 And we were down here and we started promoting and cross-performing helping each other out
 And what happened was interesting is that in that level we started getting bigger
 It started getting better and our list started getting bigger and they started responding more
 And they started getting more people in them and then every single person we brought in knew three or four other people
 And they we get them in and we get them in and soon
 And I had this network of 30 or 40 people and we're all helping each other and cross-promoting each other and doing deals together
 And like co-branding products together both the product and doing like all this stuff
 And soon in about in about a year you're gonna have time our list got the same size or bigger than these people I was looking up to
 And remember that time I was doing a project and I was like oh be cool
 Do you see me joe by itali?
 And I was like oh I can't message him
 Like he doesn't respond to like six of my messages
 I'm sure I said something stupid and they're already even though I'm like I probably said something
 I don't know I probably did something embarrassing
 But I was like you know what I'm just gonna email him and I email him and Joe's like oh man
 I see you everywhere right now like I love you something with you email is back like instantly
 I was like oh my gosh
 Like I'm in like I'm in the cool kids club
 It was starting to build people this level and guess what all of us grew the next level and they kept growing growing growing
 And that's how we started growing
 So like I think that's a big thing for all of you guys looking to market
 Start looking around like who are the list owners and then get to know them build partnerships build friendships taking to dinner
 party like and and then
 Actively try to figure out things a lot of times I see people doing dream 100
 They sang gifts and they tried to do nice stuff
 They never ask for something like ask for stuff like you're both trying to help you like get on the call back
 How can we help each other like I'm really good. This is this you're good. This like what can we do together? Can we do um, you know, um
 We do a cross promo because we created product together you approach your audience and from my audience
 We like we cross pollinate like like what can we do and then I thought something like who else you know that we can like work with like
 Oh, and then you see three people new to just in those three people
 You knew that working the path and you start building this network of people that becomes super super powerful, right?
 Um in fact, uh, I'm actually just wrote this in my the traffic seekers book
 This is a lot of spoilers for you guys for when the book comes out in the near future. Um, but uh
 um
 Do you remember the movie never been kissed with Drew Barry more in it?
 It's one of those like cheesy movies that I don't know why I watched it, but I did I'm sure my wife made me anyway, um
 In the movie Drew Barry more like goes to high school
 She's a complete loser and then she leaves high school and then she gets a job as a as a reporter
 And uh, and then her boss wants her to like do a story on like all the cool kids in high school who are all into drugs and
 And all the stuff right and so she's like, oh, i'm gonna go back to high school
 She go back to high school and instantly within like five seconds. She's back in with the nerd
 She's in the chess club that the music all these things like that and all the stories
 She's bringing back to her to her boss. He's like I want a story about the cool kids
 I don't care about chess club and things like that
 And so she tried to get into the cool kids club and like he just gets rejected every single time, right?
 And so she goes back to her to back home to her brother who's david arquette
 And tells him this whole thing and he was like the cool kid in high school
 And uh, he's like oh you're so lucky back in high school and back in high school
 And she's like no, you know, it's horrible kids are so mean and blah blah blah blah
 And uh, and he's like if I was back in high school, I'd you know, I could be cool again
 And she kind of makes fun like no you couldn't be it and so the next day at school
 She was back to school again all of a sudden she's she's her brother come in
 And she's like what are you doing? He's like I just registered for high school like and uh, she's like, you know, whatever
 And uh, anyway, so he he walks into the uh to the lunchroom the very first day
 And he grabs the big old tub of coleslaw from the lunch lady stands up on the table and starts like
 Trying to eat the entire thing of coleslaw
 So he's eating this whole thing of coleslaw and all the jocks all the cool kids are like chanting and cheering
 And by the time he's done he's just covered in coleslaw and then I pick him up and they carry him out of the lunchroom
 Maybe he's that during the store. I can't remember the movie perfectly. It's been about a decade since i've seen it
 But you know what I mean?
 And also he becomes like the cool kid
 and then uh joe see whose drew berry immerse cut uh character goes back to him later and he's like so mad at him and uh
 And uh, and frustrated he said no no i'm gonna show you something so then he walks over
 and uh
 And teaches us like this principle it's so so so powerful
 Um, again, i'm slaughtering the story, but conception hopefully this makes sense
 So uh he goes over and he starts telling people he's like hey, you said girl joe see over there and we said date
 She broke up with me. She is so cool. She is so bubble or whatever and guys like really?
 Like she's that cool. Oh, yeah, she's amazing and then all of a sudden
 Um he goes tell something else and tells three or four people and all of a sudden within within a day or two
 All these people come over to drew berry mors character and bring her into their thing and all of a sudden that quick
 She's one of the cool kids and devarcad's cut um character so something it's so powerful
 He said if you want to get in the cool kids club all you need to do is get one cool kid to think you're cool
 boom
 Okay, he's getting this
 So for you as you're building your dream 100 look at this thing you're trying to figure like how do i get in this network of people
 You don't have to get everyone to say yes
 You have to find one cool kid to think you're good and you're in that was the moral of tellman's story
 I told you guys 20 minutes ago right tellman called 70 people in the row 70 people told him no
 And then one cool kid said yes and the next 40 said yes
 All you do is get one kid to think you're cool and you're in okay, so who is that in your market?
 Okay, and if you don't have a list of 10 20 30 people that are your market like these people right here have my customers
 They're on their list right now. Okay, and if I can find a way to work them those lists will become my list
 Like this we're talking about i've been preaching dream 100 for a decade for some reason
 The majority people never do and dream 100 does not mean setting out big packages in the mail
 It's mean it means facebook messaging someone saying hey, what's up?
 What do you do? How can I help you look what I I've got a product where you're gonna probably let's do deal together
 Like what can we figure out like that's what dream 100 is core essence right?
 It's getting in there and you're networking and you're trying to find out who was the cool kid because you get in you one good person
 That person thinks you're cool. It opens up to all the other doors
 Okay
 Does that make sense like for me my cool kid was mike philson
 Susan mike philson said I was cool. He did my first promo on zip brand her one of my very first products ever
 Then he went out and he's like hey gary ambros
 He's so and so this guy's named russelly's really cool
 You should deal with him that he deals all three of those guys and I asked them like cool
 She guys know he gets her awesome. Do you have another cool guys like you like yeah
 You should meet him him and her and her and her and her and that person and they brought me in and then within
 Months my network grew very very big and then all of us are cross-pollinate cross-pollinate and all of us is a market grew
 Next level grew the next level
 um
 All right, that makes sense you guys
 so um
 Anyway, there's a million tactical ways to build a list but it just comes down to like thinking about differently
 Thinking about like that is your business. That's the core thing. How do I do it?
 Who already has my customers on the list? Okay, how do I get to know them?
 How do I become friends and what do we what can I create with them to give them promote my thing and like promote their thing
 Like how do we how do we do these kind of things right?
 um and maybe
 And let's say and then come back to next specifically on this one your next new course is on is on facebook lives
 And it's like, okay, who were people in your market that have a big
 If I have a fan page with you know 30 40 50 100 000 followers right now and come to people and say like let's just do be live together to your fan page
 And let's talk about the power facebook lives and the end of what makes special offer
 I'll pay you 75% commission on every single one right boom that fast you're in front of their entire audience
 Right there's a reason when I launched my book. I said tony robins can you interview or can you interview me?
 He's like sure I love to interview i'm like, but not on my page my page is my fans. I wanted to be interviewed on your page
 He's like what am I yeah?
 So let's do the interview on your page and he was like, I guess so we do the interview on his page and guess what his
 3.2 million fans saw the interview because it's on his page
 I got all those people who come and buy my book and then I told asked when I'm like, hey
 Can I log can I my team log into ads account and buy ads all pay for the ads?
 You get affiliate commissions on it right? I'm selling my partner's partner. I sell my customers
 I will log into your ads. I will pay for the the ad costs
 And I'll pay you affiliate commission and we'll keep pushing your interviews like sure so we logged his ad account for like
 Three months after that I was spending as much money as possible to show everyone of tony's fans my interview with tony
 On his page and we ended up getting I think a video had three
 Three or four million views on it during that time. Okay, so it's it's it's that thing Aaron said the first step is many
 We're not the cool kids yet exactly exactly exactly
 Don't be said I'm building lists of agency owners and market for the answer about 1000 so far DM me if any of you guys want
 Awesome, you know as much as I think Gary Vaynerchuk's uh
 All of it there because this may be public someday much. I love Gary Vaynerchuk the best thing he said
 He was like he's like you guys know what business development is say business development is getting your phone out
 Going to instagram going to your dms and DMing each person. He's like not copying pacing
 Literally DMing each person a personal message like hey, you're awesome. Hey, you're awesome. Okay
 By the way, don't be here. Okay. I'm gonna geek out for a second because I got really excited about this
 My favorite author right now is a guy named Ryan holiday. He's written some of the most amazing books ever
 um
 Oh so many good ones. Um
 Trust me. I'm lying is insane. It'll like change the way you look at the news
 perennial seller
 About how to like create works of art that lasts for forever super powerful and he wrote he goes the enemy
 Um
 The obstacles the way how much other ones right so I follow him on instagram and he's he's got a new book
 I post the manuscript I'm like dude. I love your books
 I can't always read that and then he dms me like my favorite author on the planet dms me personally
 I'm like who's I DM him back and we're back now. We're like friends that fast right?
 I'm talking about like how can I serve you like can I help promote your book?
 I do the thing I go what can I do to help serve you and I'm not asking for anything
 I'm just like trying to like legitimately help him and serve him and I guarantee in someday in the future
 Who knows a year or five years ten years now something cool happened from it, but I'm just I'm reaching out right?
 So Gary vanishes like business develop sitting on instagram DMing the cool people and try to get the cool kids club and like commenting and like saying stuff and like
 Like being active in their lives so that you're not just some dude who just shows up one day on their new speed and they've you know
 And their DM they ever heard of you anyway, just a thought so um
 anyway
 All right
 And uh the last thing I'll say is just within this community you guys and I'm saying this right now inside the two common club x community
 The same thing if you're listening on the click phones community or like we create these communities for for a reason
 and obviously there's a lot of like
 Two common club community, but in the um
 Click phones community. There's a lot of people that come in there and just try to poach people and try to get customers
 But um there are amazing people in there as well. It's like how do you go in there?
 Like sort of looking really like who are the people that are legit who do people commenting even good value like
 Those are the people we should get to know right if they're in the forums commenting and posting and stuff like that
 Like they're trying to create business. They're trying to do good stuff
 They're trying to help people like those the kind of people you want like going there comment on their on their posts like yeah
 Yeah, that is cool and go back to the Facebook page follow them send them a message like just get to know people and like
 That's that's part of this game
 um
 Yeah, that's how this this whole game's played. So anyway, I hope that helps
 All you guys. I hope it helps uni
 I hope helps everyone here to common club and again if I post this as a podcast something helps
 Hope helps everybody else as well. He's just shifting your mind shut folks in that because
 Um as much as I love funnels as much as I love coaching the much less softwares love all that stuff
 The only thing that matters today is your customer list like every funnel is built so I could grow my list
 Um
 Like that's it. That's that's the purpose and that's the that's the reason so I've read how long we've been going for tonight
 You didn't even know even time in this
 Anyway, I hope his value all you guys
 Um, and I hope that she comes to the focal point
 I think um within our community here in the forums she posted like how many people join you listening?
 Oh, we got 10 today got 50 today got 20
 As soon as you start focusing on it, um, it'll keep on it'll keep on growing
 Um, I can't tell you how much like again the times my business have stale that's number look at right now
 So I click it's looking at the click funnels
 Um, so every morning we do it we call it the daily pulse and it's uh all hands on deck sharp and style meeting
 We all jump in
 It's a seven-minute long meeting and guess what the meeting is
 The meeting is east department sharing their critical numbers and the critical numbers like our traffic is like help
 Excuse me. How many books do we sell today? How many clickful trials do we sell and how many people join our list?
 Like that's the numbers and we're looking at every single day because whenever you look at grows
 We don't look at streaks. It's just focusing on that focusing on focusing on
 Jamie's over 46 minutes in sweet. All right. Well, um, that's almost as long as the first one
 Nick those guys are all this is part three of his if his podcast coaching episode
 So the first all already I talked about at the very beginning but those two jumped on late the very first one
 I did uh, July 19th 2017 if you go to mark and see his podcast and go listen to episode number 18
 It's called how to make it rain and then um, and then a year later we did two more on November 21st
 It was called my conversation with friendly giant part one of two and then November 26th is my conversation with friendly giant part two of two
 All that is in the marketing secrets archives. You go back and check them out
 Uh, this will be the third installment. So next year, Nick the whole the whole um
 My goal for you is that point your list is going to be at least 50 000 people big
 And uh, money will be flowing like crazy and the question is going to be okay. So where how do we invest this money?
 What's the next step? I want to make sure that i'm protecting my family and my future
 Um, that that's that's the best place to be and one more thing I want to comment on and this is this was not a nickname specifically
 So i'm going to tease somebody that's not him. I'm someone who's in my inner circle. Um,
 And so they're not here and I can tease them like crazy. I'm not gonna say the name though because um, but but it's something I think is
 Is a is a big um
 Um, my sister's gonna hold a lot of people back. So I want to share it. Um, he told me
 He's um
 He's out there and he's networking all these people and traveling all around. He's got a killer podcast
 He's on podcast all stuff and um, and he keeps trying to get facebook ads to work and he's man
 Two and a half on the three years in the business. He's struggling struggling and he's trying to do
 Um, just by facebook ads. There's nothing wrong with that facebook ads are great, right?
 Um, but he sucks at him and they're not doing good with him and they're like they can't ever make the they can't get the thing to work
 And uh, the inner circle meeting I told him is like stop buying facebook ads
 You have no right doing that you are money to be buying it and you stop buying facebook ads and you're never with all these people
 You should be doing deals every single person you meet you should be in a collab and when you're there with him
 You know like do an interview create a slanting page you promote he promotes it boom now
 Now like everyone's business grows like you have a list you have assets you have a podcast
 You have some things you have leverage if a platform you can offer this person and your interview like like don't just
 like uh
 And um
 And so like I thought he heard me because he's like, okay cool
 I'm gonna do that and then fast forward two months later and he messes with me about how the facebook ads are working more
 And I started screaming I said you were not on that from facebook ads
 We get to turn these stupid ads off and like just like when you have a ton of money you're gonna facebook
 That's like you need to be going out there doing deals like like like belly to belly doing deals closing
 Like promotional deals with other people one off one at a time one at a time and each deal will grow your customers and grow your business
 Incredibly he said he said any message to me back on box i should find and post it
 but um
 He was like, well
 I don't want to do that because he's like someday i might get by a car and i want i want this legacy for my
 For my wife and my kids and my grandkids like I want to build you on it and if i don't have paid ads that are properly working
 Then I don't have my legacy and and whatever so because that i don't want to do those other things you're saying
 As I dude
 You don't have anything right now like you don't have a business right now like build a legacy eventually but right now
 Let's talk about building legs there. That's about like trying to gain some ground trying to get customers in
 like the first year of your business is
 Like and more than the first five years of your business
 But it's it's all folks on like getting ground getting people getting those things in
 And I was like, I was like you're not gonna have a legacy at all because you're not gonna get your facebook ads to work
 Like you got to spend some time doing the the hard work doing the belly to belly stuff going out there and doing deal after deal
 Partnership after partition, you know, cross-purnable cross-purnable cross-purnable like getting those things so you start building your list up
 And then you'll have something of substance that then you can like you have some time and energy to buy ads you're
 I can stress like oh
 I got my budget system up $300 on facebook ads and you spend it the first day and they're like, oh, I don't wear money
 I didn't make you know wasn't like that's so much stress money and so much pressure like oh
 I can imagine the stress and pressure that would cause like take that pressure off like stop giving money to somebody
 So I can make a facebook and go ahead and start focusing on
 Undoing the deals that don't cost money upfront, right?
 They're all like a percentage of revenue do those things here customer base is big enough to your your cash flow is big enough
 Your income streams are big enough then now you can be like, okay
 I've got an extra $5,000 a month. I'm gonna I'm gonna start figuring out this ad this this facebook game, right?
 Like that's the like that's the time. That's where
 Um this becomes that's where this becomes easy and fun and takes the stress off of you, right?
 You've got more cash and you got money to burn like yeah
 Go spend time figuring out facebook ads and running making profit
 But if you're like in that spot where you don't yet like okay, that's okay. That's fine
 Like I spent a decade in my life a decade
 Like on skype face to face like pre facebook really I was on skype nesting people call you up at all hours
 Like trying to do deals like and like recording interviews on my like this is before we had USB microphones like this
 Like we had these big old like Davis speed was on here
 You'd probably know these days like these big boxing like plugging cords and wires like I had a cassette player from radio shack freaking radio shack
 To record my my phone calls and I've recorded it was horrible quality
 I didn't figure how to get from a cassette tape onto the computer
 And like and then that was the thing in them that that horrible audio quality from my cassette tape
 My phone to the cassette tape to the computer was the free thing you got people opt into but it was the best we could do
 Right and it was like so much work and so much trust
 It was like but it was like all these little fun wins along the way and it was like man
 I do a deal and like oh we made we made two grand tonight
 But from a tell us somewhere I would do tell someone or me two grand
 But I had a 500 people my list like boom 500 people my list this week like that's awesome
 You really deal boom and like that becomes a focal point
 So it's a little bit of hustling but it's hustle without the stress of like
 um, where's you know like
 Three bucks per lead like that's stressful, right?
 This is less just like put together deal have some fun with it
 Cross create something amazing with somebody
 Um and then get them to you know, you both promote it
 And you both the others gets bigger together and you create something amazing
 And then the end of it you both have it, right?
 And it's just fun thing
 I mean for currently Jason flatland. I did this a little while ago. We did it with um
 It's webinar blueprint.com. I think we created webinar together
 We said hey, this is teach our webinar secrets for three hours like okay, and then I'll promote you pro
 Like we'll share the list and he's like, okay, so we both known it top for three hours
 He got the list I got the list and we moved on and we made some money, but both grew our lesson
 We kept on moving forward. So um and now like and now like he got the rights to product
 I got the rights products. I remember I can make that as a bonus for my next thing
 And I can use it as a freebie over here. I use it for an upside use for order for bump like
 There's a million places I can use that three-hour interview than now
 Because we created we both got the rights to both we ever want with it, right?
 I remember um
 Mike so same when I launched my very first product made over a million bucks. Um, he was my top affiliate. He gave away a
 bonus, which is like I'm gonna do a
 I think it's like a six-hour consulting call with Russell where he's gonna sold me for three hours and insult him
 Yes, listen behind the scenes to it and what's done
 We'll give you guys the rice so they never even do everyone with it
 And so we did this this six-hour call when he never even used three hours
 I interviewed him and then that was the bonus he gave away
 To get people to buy he was feeling and then he left people take that and then he could sell and people using that for order for
 Bumps and upsells and all sorts of stuff all replace and like to spread our message even more so
 Anyway, there's like a billion ideas sometimes they get so many ideas to people that get it
 Freezes them. Hopefully it doesn't freeze you guys. Hopefully just listen all is like that when I can extriculum
 I know some of the list it's a little bit bigger in mind. We're in the same market. I'm gonna do a cross promo form
 We're gonna come up with a really cool product. I never call it whatever. I'll teach my part. He teaches his part
 I promote he promotes we share the list and boom my list will grow
 I'll make a little money and then I'm gonna do this still again and every week we're gonna do this
 And it's gonna be so much fun because I get to do this weekly excuse me
 I do this weekly because I know that every single day I look how big my list is growing and if I only just once a month
 My list isn't grow for two or three days and it's gonna stop so I gotta do this more often
 Right it might be weekly might be day like i'm i'm setting up deals all the time and it's gonna be so much fun
 Okay, and so look at do I have agreements? No, I don't do agreements
 Every time I'm in a legal agreement the person who's trying to get me to do the legal agreements usually trying to screw me over
 Especially deals like this like it's just simple. I call email and like hey
 This is the this is the deal you in and they're like, yeah, so I always have like an email, but I don't
 Yeah, this is a lot of the contracts into anything
 Even this day. I hate doing contracts
 I have legal people that forced me to now, but I hate them so I I would say I didn't do
 I don't think my first contract happened till it's about a decade into the business and that dude made me do contracts screwed me hardcore
 It's crazy like literally I don't raise the people in contracts the people who want the contracts the most usually the ones who screw you
 That's why I say like in a divorce like or uh
 Anyone marriages like like if someone thinks you're cheating on like I think my wife's cheating on me usually means that you're cheating on your wife
 Like there's like the craziest things the same thing like they want a contract means they're probably trying to screw you
 Um, that's my my opinion since I any contract like let's just not do this dole them like this is just a fun thing
 Um anyway, that's why I do it. Um and always make it super easy like it's easy
 Um, this is the thing we're doing you promote I promote both of put our full effort into it
 I'm from it by sending three emails my list you send three emails
 And your facebook live you facebook live or we'll podcast or whatever, you know, whatever it is
 Like that's we're both going to do you and then um when it's done everyone opts in the list and then you and cop list you
 I cop list and that's it and um and they're like sweet let's do it and that's it
 There's nothing there's no
 And then then at the end of it like you like you get right to the product you ever want
 I'll never want it and like you can both keep the interview and we can both use it however we want to use it in future
 and um
 Just simple and keep keep it nice and easy and clean. So
 Yes, Susan I should be in bed, but
 I'm not gonna lie. Um, I was working on a project. I got really excited
 I was going through it and I looked at facebook live and I saw nik and I wanted to do a little rant and then now it's been an hour later
 Anyway, all right guys. Um, I'm probably gonna wrap it for tonight because I've known my kids are in bed yet
 Um, so I promise you go check on the particular they are but uh, you know how it is in the summertime sometimes
 Um
 Anyway, I appreciate all you guys. Hope you're um enjoying this whole experience. Um, you know, I'm not gonna lie
 I'm I'm super jealous and envious of all you guys going through this. I still remember the very first time I was going through it
 I remember being
 I remember times being so scared because um
 Just just scared because like I didn't have any money like if my wife was making 9/15 hour
 I was making zero an hour and I was like I gotta figure this out before I had a money
 Um, but we didn't like it's it's funny looking back at now because like
 I was so stressed then worse now. It's like like worst case scenario
 Like we're gonna become like have more debt like you know, I mean like
 I was so scared but like it wasn't that big of a deal like nowadays things were way scared like I have 340 employees
 340 families that rely on me not screwing up, right?
 Um, then I got like all all you guys right coach and I tried to
 Inspire and mentor like there's a lot of stress nowadays. I'm like, yeah, I'm just back in the day when I was trying to figure this stuff out
 But I I remember learning all these things and like having the aha's the very first time like I remember I remember like
 Um first time I got list building like like I really got it and I was like
 Oh my gosh like it was just like the lipo went on my head and that's like I remember like I had that and I like
 And then how to build a list and you know, my spam store. We're talking about like I got the spam and I didn't work
 I found how even otter responders work. I was like, oh my gosh like this is so much easier and then
 like each piece along the way like have these things and just
 Oh, the joy of that discovery was so much fun. Like I I really really miss it. It's it gets harder and harder
 um
 It's harder harder to find the new the new thing
 And uh, I totally miss that part of the game like it is it is really fun. So hopefully you guys are enjoying the process
 Um, you know, I know it's hard and frustrating and scary and all those kind of things sometimes but um
 And looking back on it's just like my wife and I was talking about like, um, you know now money's not an issue
 We have you know all those kind of things we want but like
 We we talked about you remember we were like completely broke in a 400 square foot apartment and like
 We we literally had so much at all
 I remember like one that we had no money for groceries and taking all her CDs
 And she's been a decade in her life collecting and we took them to the CD exchange store
 They give us like 30 bucks for like a hundred dv
 CDs
 And then taking that money to to the grossest or mine gross season wasn't enough groceries for the week
 And like where we do next week
 I don't know and like those times were so much fun and like
 Anyway, I just hope you guys enjoy the process. I know sometimes they can be stressful, but um, I promise you that
 That after it clicks is like we talked about earlier
 If you came on later go back in the something that's like it's pushing this boulder up the hill and it's hard and it's frustrating
 It's hard to get there but soon to get over the top
 Then it just takes off and that's fun and I'd say for most of you guys over the tops like
 30,000 people on your list like
 30,000 people on your list that's like the tipping point typically
 And then in the next big ones
 100,000 people on your list, but but if you they said that is the goal and like the site and like that's where we're going
 Um, then it becomes possible and it's just like how to be creative. How do we do like what are the different ways like?
 How can we cope new ideas and new tweaks or different ways new partners or different fun stuff and and then it's just doing it
 So yeah, and uh, michael said great down there in the comments. Don't quit like I promise you guys this stuff works
 Takes a little while sometimes to go through the ups and downs and the the frustrations those kinds of things
 Um, but it's worth it
 promising as it's worth it
 Um, it's worth it on a couple levels worth it
 Um for yourselves like the the money and like I think is is really really cool like that's that that part's cool
 But that that wears out fast
 Um, it's worth it from like the
 From like the freedom security like that kind of just like awesome
 But it's more worth it like when you start seeing the people's lives you're serving and you see them have success like
 Uh, that's so much cooler than ever dreamt it was going to be, you know
 I don't think most of getting entrepreneurship like I want to change somebody's life. Some of you guys do some of you guys are more
 ultra-signal to me
 That wasn't my my core motivation going into it, but then after I tasted that I was like man that was that was really cool
 Um, that was really cool. So anyway keep doing you guys it works. I promise you that you just gotta
 Just gotta make sure folks in the right things. Um
 You know putting out a lot of stuff some funnels flop. I was talking to my my dad tonight earlier
 He's there in town right now. And I was just like, you know the interesting thing about this
 About this is that the market doesn't care about our feelings like the market doesn't care your business
 The market doesn't care that you spent the last six months killing stuff on the scene the market doesn't care
 The only thing the market cares about is itself
 So first that's like frustrating like screw you market like don't you know who I am?
 Then it's like almost freeing it's like, you know, if I if I script something my fault like
 The markets didn't want it like what does the market actually want like what if I stopped asking like what do I want to create?
 Start asking what does the market want like what is what are they looking for right now?
 What is the thing that they actually want like?
 That's that's when you start shifting to like huh?
 Let me start listening like what is the market saying and it's hard because the market's not a person
 It's a group of people right like what are they saying collectively?
 Listening closer and I should read in their comments. I was talking to Brandon and Kaitlyn pulling
 Our flady boss when they're at the last year circle meeting and they say you know
 It's fascinating that we don't write our own copy anymore. We don't create our own products anymore
 They go all we do is we go into our Facebook group and we just listen and they tell us
 They they tell us the copy they tell us what they want they tell us that they we just listen to the market now
 And so you know eventually you build up the list where you know where you have your own list
 You have your own following and like and that's the voice you're listening to but until you have that
 You know you got to you got to look at the market
 So it's like hey, where's that market congruent who's listening on what forms what groups with Facebook groups like getting into them start listening
 They're listening to the listening to the market trying to get your your ears in tune with the market
 Like the pulse of what they're saying what they're what they're feeling what their pains are what their desires are
 Make sure listening to those ears
 Um like when you're in the Facebook groups or wherever it is you're going to hear your market
 Um, you'll start like you start hearing like oh, that's that's the frustration. That's the pain
 That's the thing that that we're missing
 You know, it's been interesting. I can't announce these things yet, but
 You know the last six months or so like listening to to my market to the click funnels to that market
 I've definitely
 Heard a lot and felt a lot and um you will be seeing
 over the next six months
 um changes that that at first will make no logical sense and then we're gonna write the book about it later you'll be like
 Oh my gosh. He heard
 And so i'll make sure you guys for your markets you're listening and just paying paying attention because
 On the market tells you what it wants. So if the offer doesn't convert don't don't be bad
 It's like that's not what the offer wants. That's not what the market wants. What do they want?
 Let me find out let me pay attention and create what they're with their asking for if you do that that's recipe for success
 um
 I'm really one of the very first courses. I went through his frank currents underachiever method
 Which I ended up buying that course and the rights from him
 But um the whole premise of the book was like like having the success of business is three steps step number one
 Find a hot market step number two ask them what they want step number three give it to them. That's it
 And you start looking at a business from that lens. It's like oh my gosh. This is really easy
 To find a hot market ask them what they want give it to them. That's it. It's not
 um
 Think of a really cool unique product or service that's going to be amazing
 Then create a funnel to force them to buy the thing and then go buy ads to go force
 You know find people that will buy the thing that you created that you love like no
 Find a hot market ask them what they want and give it to them
 That's it. It becomes really really simple that way and if we're overcomplicating it then like
 Maybe stepping back a little bit, you know all the other things are techniques to help make that process easier, but it but it really
 Really is simple
 Find out market. Okay. That's the market people who are excited who have money who are looking for stuff
 Right. I still remember Joel Erway when he joined inner circle like three years ago. He was trying to sell to um
 uh
 You try to sell to uh engineers like how to like increase your your salary like he tried everything on earth
 and um
 Like his webinar was good his offers get everything was good and like nobody was going to buy
 And he's like why has nobody buy and I was like do you know what i know why?
 Engineers are boring like they're nice people, but they're boring. They're not excited about bike. They don't they're not like
 Engineering let's go spend some money on the becoming better engine like you've never heard that from any of them ever
 Right, what do you hear the hot market is the market where people are like oh
 I must give money to somebody for something like if you don't if your market's not buying stuff from a lot of people right now
 Not a good market. Right so finding hot market and then just looking and listening what do they want ask me they want
 And then creating that now what you want what they want
 and um
 Back into how many felled phones i've had of me creating my big idea that the market didn't want
 I've had features like look phones that that crash because I created what I wanted not what the market wanted so
 um it comes back to that so
 Um, yeah, Nick said that's he said that's where my course came from I kept you the asset so I created it boom
 You got it. That's the that's the game plan. So now you know that now it's like okay now we got it now
 Scott and it's like start start
 Getting that market start start earning earning the ground building it up. All right guys. I'm gonna bounce
 Thanks so much for everything. Hope you guys are all doing good
 And if you don't have a ticket ship to unlock secrets event like come on now what are you waiting for?
 I'm killing myself on these slides in this presentation. It's gonna be so good
 It was pretty fun. So I appreciate you all have a great night and we'll talk to you as soon. Bye everybody
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at ww.fuddlehacker.tv
 (upbeat music)
