 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back the marketing seekers podcast so right now
 I am actually in the green room the two comical blive event
 It's the second time I've done this event. It's been really really cool
 And one of the presentations I wanted one of the content pieces I needed for the event for everyone thing makes sense was from
 Myron golden and if you don't know who Myron is he is like literally one of the coolest people on this planet
 And I asked Myron if you fly to Boise to come and give a 20-minute content piece to everybody and he said yes
 Which was insane so he came yesterday he spoke and it was just super powerful
 but then afterwards we're sending him back in the green room talking about a whole bunch of stuff and
 I'm not gonna let he drop probably 20 20 gold bombs and I picked them all up in my pocket
 But there's one I was like I want to share this one with everybody so
 I'm gonna hand the mic phone over to Myron here in a second and he's gonna tell you guys this concept
 It's gonna help you understand money and wealth and speed and why
 And why and how you can use the scenes to make more money quicker and change your life faster
 So that's it when Cuba theme song we come back the chance to hear from Mr. Myron golden
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world and yet still
 remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Well, hello everybody Myron golden here and I am really really
 honored to be on Russell's podcast and he asked me to share this concept about wealth having a need for speed
 Most people don't understand how wealth is actually measured most people think wealth is measured in money
 But wealth is actually measured more in time than it is in money for instance
 If you make a million dollars are you rich and the answer is it depends
 What does it depend on well? I'll tell you if you work if you make $25,000 a year and you work for 40 years
 That's $1 million. Are you rich? No, but if you make that same million dollars in one year are you rich?
 You're not Bill Gates rich, but you're definitely
 At least 40 times richer than the person who makes $25,000 a year and the amount of money that you made was exactly the same
 The difference was how fast you made it see most people don't realize that they already make enough money
 They just don't make the amount of money they make fast enough or often enough
 So if you want to create wealth for your family in your business what you have to do is you have to increase the rate at which you
 Generate revenue you have to increase the speed at which you generate profits
 That's how you create wealth
 And so if you can if you make a million dollars a month your 12 times richer than the person who makes a million
 Time dollars a year if you make a million dollars a week you're 52 times richer than the person makes a million dollars a year
 To make a million dollars a day you're 365 times richer than the person who makes a million dollars a year
 So increase the speed see you you spend money all day every day people say I don't spend money every day
 Oh, you do do you have a refrigerator at your house?
 Do you have an air condition or a heater at your house?
 Do you drive your car or your fit somebody in your family drives your car?
 You have like cable and electric and all these other utilities you have insurance
 You're spending money all day every day and you're only getting paid every now and then that's your biggest problem
 So one of the things you want to do is you want to figure out a way to speed up how you get paid
 So here's one that first thing you do get paid more often
 Well in order to get paid more often one of the things you have to do is you have to separate your income generation from time
 How do you do that?
 You stop selling your time for money and you start selling a product instead of a service when you sell a service
 It requires time to fulfill you paint houses
 You can only paint so many houses a week you get three houses this week
 Maybe you're happy you have a team, but if you get 30 houses this week now you have a headache because you can't fulfill
 So you have to do a sell a product why it takes no longer to sell
 300,000 products than it does to sell one. I remember the biggest sale I ever made
 I've sold a hundred and fifty five thousand copies of my book from the trash man to the cashman
 But I sold a hundred thousand copies in 15 minutes to one guy who owned a company
 He bought a hundred thousand copies of my book from me that was one sale 15 minutes and I sold the exact same amount of products
 I sold more products more books in that one sale than all the other books
 I've sold put together so when you have a product you literally give yourself the ability to speed up the rate at which you earn revenue
 So have a product that's number one number two
 Increase your price you say how does that speed it up?
 Well if you sell something right now for say
 $2,500 and you change the price to say $25,000 now you just earn 10 times the money in the same amount of time
 wealth has a need for speed
 So you increase your you increase the price the second thing you do is increase the number of people you sell to at once
 Right now we're in the green room at two comma club live
 Eight months ago we were at funnel hacking live Russell made an offer to 5,000 people and only if 1% of those people buy
 It's a crazy amazing day. It's 10% of those people buy like crazy town
 So one of the things you want to do is you want to make your offer more people?
 That's why Russell does teaches you the perfect webinar because it gives you the ability to do your presentation one on many
 That way if a whole bunch of people say yes and a whole bunch of people say no
 They're all saying it at the same time and you're getting a much better result wealth has a need for speed
 I've got one client Eileen. She came to me. She wanted to buy my coaching program
 She put down a down payment. She put down $2,000. She came to me
 She said miren and she needed $18,000 for the rest of the down payment. That was just for like half
 She came to me. She said miren. I really want to work with you
 She didn't came to come to me. She called me on the phone. She said miren
 I really want to work with you
 I thought I was gonna be able to get the money and I wasn't able to get it
 What do I do? I said what you do is you collapse timeframes and make more offers
 I said take the number of offers you usually do in a year make that number of offers every month
 Take the number of offers you do every month make that number of offers every week take the number of offers you do every week
 Make that number of offers every day for the next 30 days and you will have the $18,000
 She said okay, I'm gonna do it. Well, she called me and told me she didn't have the money
 I had no reason to doubt her she called me back in six days and said I have the
 $18,000. Where do you want me to send it? What did she do? She collapsed timeframes?
 She took an offer that she had she started offering it more
 She raised the price started offering it more often and made
 $18,000 in six weeks and since that time she's had six figure days because she
 Figured it out that it's easier to make a lot of money in a short period of time
 That is to make a little money over a long period of time
 She sped up her revenue generation and increased the wealth for her family
 She was able to buy that they were able to buy their family a new house. They were able to go on great vacations all because
 She realized that wealth has in need for speed now. It's your turn speed up your income generation
 Take your life to another level do a perfect webinar raise your prices
 Do all of the things that Russell's telling you to do and you'll look in your rearview mirror one day and you'll say wow
 I can't believe I've come this far. My name is Myron Golden if you want to follow me
 I'm on Instagram at Myron Golden and I'll see you over there for more content
 Back to Russell Brunson dude that was amazing. Thank you Myron. Hope you guys enjoyed it
 Go follow Myron on Instagram and listen to every single word. He says he is amazing
 Anyway, I appreciate that. Hope you guys enjoyed this episode
 If you did, please take a screenshot it on your phone and go tag me and Myron on Instagram post a picture of it
 Tag me and Myron and just send me on Facebook tag us that way we can see your thought you because take away
 Biggest aha. Thank you Myron. Thank you everybody and we'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge
 You know everyone in their business in their life. They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel way from
 Quitting your job some of you has one funnel way and getting more impacts
 And you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel no matter where you are in your business
 This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand this strategy
 Help you understand the tactics hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side. You go
 Online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel away calm
 [MUSIC]
