 Hey everyone, this Russell again welcome back to a marketing series podcast. This is day three of three
 From this presentation. So this was the very first presentation. I gave it last year's funnel hacking live event. Hope you've been enjoying it
 There's so many cool things that we covered in here
 And I just like you know what if I want to get people excited about fun like you live those who who are coming this year for the first time
 I want to share this and for those of you guys who don't have your ticket yet
 Hopefully it'll push you over the edge to the realized man
 That was just one presentation can you imagine was there what would happen if I was there for four days?
 so if you don't have your ticket yet go to funnel hacking live calm get them and
 Without said let's keep the intro music and then let's jump back into the last part of my presentation
 Thanks so much guys, and I will see you soon in Nashville
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Now again the problem us entrepreneurs we can figure out the one how we make our million bucks and then we'll be like
 I'm bored. I need to do something. Oh, you're freaking out and you're right trying to create the next thing
 Okay, and so what I want to talk about now is the creativity switch. This is what?
 Took us to the next level when I learned this about myself
 Okay, the thing that makes entrepreneurs great is also the thing that holds the rest of the company back at a certain level
 Okay, I was the one that was able to get it to the spot
 But I was one that was hurting it and I knew that and I was like what do I do like I wanted to create all those other things
 And that's when I figured out this next step which is the creativity switch
 Okay, I just shift my creativity from figuring out the what and the how to get this thing into orbit now
 It's an orbit. I have to shift my creativity or else I'm gonna go insane
 I shift my creativity as an entrepreneur to the next thing which is going from
 From seven to eight figures now
 Right sound really quick
 Jay Abraham one of my mentors. He told me that there are only three ways to grow a company and
 At first I was like nope you are wrong. There's tons of ways there's Facebook ads or Twitter ads or YouTube ads
 He's like no no no no he's like there's only three ways to grow a company and at first I didn't understand
 And then you back it out and so the three ways who here knows what three ways are what's number one?
 More
 customers
 Okay, what's number two?
 Pop sure quick. Number one is more customers number two getting them to spend more I know what it is by seeing you show you on the slide
 You spend more
 spend more money and
 Number three here number three is
 More
 often
 Okay, so that's the three things get more customers coming in the door
 Get those customers to spend more money with you and they get them to buy more and so I always like translate things into fun
 So I'm like well how do funnels do that like how does this whole thing work?
 I was like wait a minute. I don't know this works more customers are acquisition phones funnels to get people into the front door, right?
 That's it. I'm like
 Getting people to spend more what we call ascension phones get somebody to send up with our as the side of our business and
 Number three give you the buy more often just monetization funnels. I'm walking through all those things
 But since I saw that I was like oh my gosh like I know exactly what to do
 I know how to like shift my creativity now to grow this company
 Okay, if you come back here to click funnels, this is again our value ladder to look at it, okay?
 We launched the company again core funnel was in the middle, right?
 That's where I figured out the what and how we launched this thing was going awesome and now it was like now
 We got to figure out other ways to go the company so I start looking at this and start saying okay
 webinars working good everything's coming in how do I get more customers?
 Okay, and I still do the webinar but I was like what else could I do more customers? I was like wait a minute
 What if I build like front and acquisition funnels, okay?
 So start building acquisition funnels and so how many guys shortly after we launched click funnels remember me launching this book?
 That guy's awesome
 So the reason I launched this book was not because I want to write a book writing a book's horrible who's ever written a book before?
 I've never given birth, but I'm pretty sure it's like comparable in pain like it was
 It's really really hard right so we got this first book done and the goal this book like I love selling books and stuff
 But the only reason why I want any of you guys and want anybody on earth to buy this book on to buy this book
 And then read it and I want them to then know they needed to click funnels my core offer
 The whole goal this was to acquire new customers indoctrinate them in my way of believing in thoughts and then send them up to the actual thing
 I'm selling
 Okay, and then a little while later Russell got all panicky and stressed out again
 I was like I need a new funnel and so I wrote another book I gave birth again
 I was painful
 It was awesome and we launched this book to acquire new customers in
 Right so I start creating a front end
 Funnels to acquire people limit not at first not after over a million dollars
 The book funnels probably one of the harder funnels to get to work
 You mostly like I'm gonna write a book and he spent the next eight years of your life trying to write a book trying to figure out funnels
 Like you should just make money now and sell something in the middle of the value ladder start there
 And when it starts getting out of fatigue when some people start seeing it starts getting more expensive by ads to your webinar
 That's when you come back and start creating new funnels to bring people in as customers. Does that make sense?
 I didn't write the books until my webinars were fatiguing
 I needed something new to get people to raise their hands and say I do think I'm an expert
 I would love to figure out how to share my message with more people. Am I cool?
 Here's the book teach you how to do it
 But then there's this tool that actually you need to do it and they're like oh my gosh
 I need click funnels like yeah, you do and this naturally will send up
 Okay, so the acquisition funnels if you guys look at our business we create new acquisition funnels all the time
 I'm actually want to go back a step to this one thing I want to talk about before I go too deep into this because
 This has been a common mistake
 I've seen most of our people make over the last year is they've created value ladder and they start creating more and more and more
 Things that are always creating more backends and more for most of your businesses. You should create one core offer
 I've got one click funnels one back end offer
 So that is and then you never create anything else in the value ladder again after that ever it's done
 All you should be focusing your creativity on afterwards is like what a cool new front end offers
 I get to get people a different set of people to raise their hand and come to me
 Okay last two months ago three months ago
 Season front end offers this is so again
 Doc comes secrets book expert secrets book and then a couple months ago I was like
 Looking at different market segments if you don't have yet and I was like, you know what?
 There's not very many network marketers using using click funnels. How do I get more network marketers?
 How do I get that segment of the world to come in and start using funnels?
 I'm like ladies don't understand how it works, right?
 Same concept I had before X for secrets
 How do you get all these people who are like thought leaders to come and start using click funnels and so I?
 Mess is Julie story who you guys are gonna meet?
 two days up here yeah
 Wow her reputation proceeds her
 I messaged you guys like hey
 I want to write a book teaching network markers how to do this thing and we sat down
 I'd created like a six hour course you watch so course and then like two days later gave me the book
 I was like that was really really fast and so we put together this book and in about a week
 Or two rolling us out to the network marketing instrument network marketers understand what funnels are and they come into our world
 I'm creating new front end offers to bring people in different segments, right? You see we also have an e-com funnel
 Book coming out. We've got other ones like like what are different segments?
 I want to go into and I create front end offers to get those customers and bring them in and they can go up
 Okay, so your business again
 We have your value ladder after you create the back end of your value ladder
 You should never touch it again ever that should give you guys some freedom of like off sweet and quick creating stuff
 If you go to Tony Robbins event if you notice the last like 20 plus years his back end hasn't changed
 You read a book you go to UPW you go to date with destiny like that's that's his value ladder 20 plus years
 Right in 20 years later. He's like I'm gonna write a new book
 So you wrote the the money book money master the game which brought in a whole new audience for him
 And guess we do when they came in send the UPW and Sunday with destiny
 That's it
 Okay, so don't keep trying to create something to do it once and it's done
 And you can like oh sweet relax not to stress about us anymore the back ends done now
 This is where we shift our creativity like we'll cool friends. Can I create you start having fun with that?
 That's where we've focused our entrepreneurial creative creativity, okay?
 So again, we we've moved down a separate value ladder start creating really fun front ends to bring people in okay
 All right, that's number one more customers number two now
 It's how do we get these customers to spend more so these are called ascension funnels right get somebody to send up?
 Okay, now I learned this concept initially from Bill Glazer bill is he was like my marketing dad or grandpa
 And I got this business
 I went to his mastermind group for six years and he was like telling me how to do all sorts of stuff
 Right and one of the coolest things I learned at GKIC back when Bill was in charge of it
 Was this concept of ascension?
 How many guys are GKIC members or were back in the day when Bill was running it?
 All right
 The light is to know about so I'm gonna walk you through their business model because it's brilliant. So they had different
 continuity programs they had a GKIC gold member which I think was forty nine dollars a month then there was a silver member
 Which was like a hundred ninety nine dollars a month then there was another one like two hundred fifty bucks a month
 And there was peak performers at like six eight hundred dollars a year
 Then there was their platinum at fifteen K titanium at twenty five K
 And so that was their business so all they focused on was customer acquisition to this
 forty nine dollar thing
 So they was to drive ads everything for someone to ever to buy this thing as soon as you bought this thing
 It was crazy all they would do is folks on getting you to ascend from here to here
 That was it so if you were on this if you if you if you sign up for this program
 You were shifted to a different list and they focused on sending you from this to this every campaign
 Everything it was getting them move from this to this if you do big huge events
 They come into the event and they sell something the event say hey if your gold member cost ten thousand dollars
 But if you're silver members only five you can click the bucks and we'll upgrade right now
 I'm like upgrading they got everyone to move over here, right?
 Every product they put out the only goal was to get people to send and then as soon as you should send it to silver
 All the marketing shifted for you and the whole thing is about getting you to ascend to here
 That was it so the marketing folks are sending and I'll send boom
 They send it there and then you shift and then all the marketing was folks there
 I saw him do it for years and I watch him grow this company all focusing on ascension
 And I don't know anybody in our world that really does that and so last year fun. I can who is your last year from like you live?
 Yeah
 So fun like you live last year is the first time I was like how do we ascend people and click funnels?
 And so we did a presentation that some of you guys were part of
 Called follow follow some of you saw this presentation
 Nobody saw it you saw it if you had a confusion soft t-shirt at the end of it. How many guys remember that one?
 okay
 My entire goal this presentation was of this is the one was to ascend people from click funnels to
 Action edicts that was the Ascension path, right?
 And we move them up right there right now about 20% of all click funnels members have ascended up to that
 And we need help doing the math on that we make more from our action next level that we do from click funnels right now
 It's insane. I'd have to resell those people anything
 All it is told them hey, this is awesome
 This is even cooler and I get people to step over and send up
 I'm just think I'm gonna try to send you some things this weekend maybe I
 Be doing you to service if I didn't right
 So my goal inside this and when someone comes to my core offer click funnels and click funnels
 And then as soon as I click funnels like how do we get them using our entire platform?
 How do we send them up to action edicts?
 Okay, and then people come to click fun
 I was like how else can I send them I send them up to my back end things as well to my hiring coaching programs
 I can serve them at a higher level. It's all about ascension when somebody comes in
 You're gonna customer come in it's all about how do I send them?
 How do I serve them more at a higher level? What can I do? What can I create?
 What kind of marketing kind of funnels can you just to ascend people up?
 Case we start creating ascension funnels to get people to spend more money with us so we can serve them at a higher level
 That was number two so for me as an entrepreneur
 This is right you're gonna create TV
 How can I get people to ascend up and now I'm not focused on some new business. I want to create
 I'm focusing on this problem. How do I solve this?
 Okay, and that's the magic can we start focusing on general efforts on these kind of problems and not focusing on creating new businesses
 How we started growing a scale in our company so ascension funnels in the third type of funnel where monetization funnels
 How do we get people to buy more often?
 Okay, now the very first thing you were selling someone you're what in your house you read the expert secrets book
 Initially you're always offering them excuse me opportunity switch right you're switching them from some opportunity to your new opportunity
 You know what I'm talking about go back and read expert secrets and we'll actually we'll talk more about this in two days
 But that's the first thing monetization funnels are we're doing an opportunity switch
 These were offering our audience other different products to help them as well. Okay, so for example
 Like we have our software secrets product which is a monetization funnel
 We have funnel scripts which is a monetization funnel funnel university other things
 We sell our audience to help them on their journey with us
 Okay, and those are monetization funnels and so for us as entrepreneurs when we're even going from a million to ten
 This is where our focus needs to be at it's not creating a new offer a new business new company
 It's how do I create front end funnels to acquire more customers?
 How do I create a sentient funnels to get these people to send from this level to this level to this level and then what else is my
 Audience need to be more successful. What else can I create to give them?
 How many guys this funnel scripts made your job so much easier when you're building your own funnels?
 Yeah, it's insane, huh? Like that was something that I we created to help people more in this in their journey with us
 Okay, all these things are so that's the monetization funnels
 Okay, so if you look at the order this when we launch we're going from zero seven you figure out your core offer first
 Then from there we open up our back end offer to after we build up pressure with how much people customers coming in and we open up
 Their back end offer then they come down and we start focusing on our ascension funnels. That's which are bringing people in okay?
 alright
 I said the back of the value now to never change you just create
 Your focus be creating new creatives on the front end to get more people in
 Okay, I want to walk you through some businesses of some people here in the room
 You may know first one is Brandon and Kaitlyn can you give them a huge round of applause over here somewhere?
 Okay
 Caitlyn's gonna be speaking you guys here in a few minutes and I'm excited because and their journey has been so much fun to watch
 So they went from zero to million a million to ten and now they're on a journey from ten to a hundred
 It's just it's awesome
 But if you look at this if you look at their journey if you reverse engineer this and I'm obsessed with reverse engineering
 What people are doing they followed this process to a tee okay?
 They first came out the very first thing they launched was this program
 Okay, it was a webinar they launched
 $150 lifetime access or $30 a month that was their first thing they're what in their how
 Okay, and they grew this to over a million dollars before they came out with the next new thing right they built up all this pressure
 People they were serving their change their lives all those things are happening
 After they had this audience that people loved and then they're like how else can we serve these people?
 Now they open up the next thing and they brought people in their supplements boom they launched their supplements day one and just blew up
 One of the biggest supplement companies online overnight because they built up so much pressure on the first thing
 Okay, if they launched something company first guess what happened?
 nothing
 Okay, there's an order. There's a sequence they figured out there what in there how they focused they focused they focused
 I've been telling people for two years now that you need to live webinar every single week
 Until you make at least a million dollars most people don't how many guys do that right now?
 Okay, so Kaitlyn and Brandon said we're gonna do Russell says
 She created the hashtag hashtag do Russell says and she started a webinar every single week every single week every single man
 He said 30 or 40 webinars live before she ever tried to automate it
 Okay
 They figure out the what in the how reason why I tell people that do it live
 It's because that's gonna help you to figure out the what and how your audience will tell you
 Okay, you'll feel it to get feedback and you make the tweaks and the change you need to do
 So they did that launch their supplement and that was their launch their their
 Coaching so you look at their value ladder the front end
 Figure out their what in their how they sold that actually when buys that they send them up to supplements and from today's send them to coaching
 Okay
 Alex and Layla where you guys at?
 Yeah, you guys have a chance here from them tomorrow
 in a day I don't even run in a day or two
 so I'll tell you more of their story later, but
 Alex and Layla literally launched the new company in April and
 They you may have noticed they stood up when we did the two comic club X awards from zero to ten million dollars since April
 Yeah
 They're gonna yeah insane. I still don't know how they did that. That's got to be a record
 But if you look at their funnel the same thing right like they figured out they're what and how people bought this
 They build up pressure and they release the next thing. Okay, that's the whole game right figure out the what in the how
 Build up pressure release the next thing and they have even gone to the point of that building front end funnels
 They've just been killing it with this so much right now
 So look at their value out of there
 They're not even on step number three yet. They got the what the core offer what and how I figured out build up pressure
 We want some next thing monetize it and someday
 I'm gonna get Alex to build a front end or a webinar or something. It's gonna be amazing
 He said no
 Anyway, I said there's 17 plus other stories just like these that I want you guys to understand sitting here in this room with you
 Okay, the path and the process is the same
 We understand that okay, so again to come back to the creativity switch step number one going from zero to million
 Spinning out the what and the how you transition your creativity is an entrepreneur to figure out ascension acquisition and monetization funnels
 Okay, if you're not that spot yet don't stress about this at all
 Like I know Russell some something really fancy there, but I'm not ready for that
 I'm focusing on the what in the how those guys who are there?
 It's like Kate. That's my focus. That's my focus on me focusing all my creative my creative energy
 Okay, and after you go from there then the third phase going from a million or 10 million to 100 million
 This is why I'm focusing all my effort out right now. Okay is this piece right now and it's
 Focusing on getting mass traffic now. I'm not gonna spend a ton of time
 During this presentation right now going through the traffic part of this
 But my my creativity right now is folks on like what kind of like what kind of ads kind of make that are insane
 They're gonna get more people to raise their hand on all sorts of platforms
 Here's a couple of them that some of you guys may have seen this is one we did on Instagram the other day
 Hey, this is Russell Brunson my new book expert secrets is literally on fire get your free copy by swiping up right now
 Swipe up to get your copy of the expert secrets book quick. It's on fire. You get a free copy
 Just cover shipping handling when Mel went out to you
 So if anyone ever lights a book on fire this we learn first off you can't just light a book on fire doesn't burn
 Second off you have to douse it with like gasoline
 But if you douse with gasoline while you're holding it and then you light it on fire the flames will come down to your arm
 I learned that that night. So that's I'm like
 And we did videos like for your Facebook you to like always videos the books burning was horrible number three when you burn books
 And ads people complain in the comments. So we shouldn't burn books on ads
 We learned a lot of fun things okay, but here I'm like this one I get it with my creative energy
 How could we like sell more books like one on fire or the other day?
 I was like walking past our
 I like in our office with potato guns because that's kind of the whole like you know beginning story
 So I found the potato gun and then we had this big mud pit behind our office and Dave was like
 Let's go take the Jeep out
 So you spin the Jeep in the mud I got a potato gun and we sound the prospector me this big cut out cut cardboard cut out of the prospector
 I was like oh my gosh, I got an idea for NAD the five seconds later were set up
 And this was the app that came from that one. Hey, mine is also Brunson. I'm a potato gun expert
 And I just finished my new book called expert secrets expert secrets told you you can get an expert anything
 I've done with potato guns. I know other things as well. So inside expert secrets book
 I tell a story about how I started my entire business as a potato gun expert
 I was making DVDs teach people how to make potato guns
 How to shoot them was a ton of fun and turn that little idea that hobby into a career and you can do the same thing with the things that
 You're good at what is it you're good at? What are you passionate about? What do you have opinions on?
 What do you have a lot of advice about?
 What is it something that you love that you're an expert at you can share with the world?
 Just like I made money selling potato gun DVDs and now I make money teach people how to market their businesses
 You can make money with your passion your idea and the way to do that is all included here inside the expert secrets book
 Now I have pre bought a whole bunch of copies
 If you want you go to amazon.com go order from there you'll see tons and tons of five-star reviews or if you want you can get a free copy
 All you got to do is go to expert secrets.com. I already buy the book you cover a tiny shipping handily feed
 I will ship you out your very own copy
 Then you can read this book and find out how to find your message how to build your tribe and how to make a whole bunch of money
 Teaching people whatever it is that you are amazing at now
 This book has literally helped hundreds and hundreds of people around the world to take their passion their talents their ideas their hobbies their advice
 And turn it into a full-time business and you can do the same thing as well
 All you got to do is go to expert secrets.com get your free copy there
 And now you all see all the other bonuses another cool stuff
 I'm gonna give you as well when you go and get your free copy
 So now is the time wherever you're at watching this on Facebook or YouTube wherever you're watching that stop every you're doing
 Go to expert secrets.com get your free copy
 I'll ship you this out and this will teach you how to take your ideas and turn it into a business
 Thanks so much
 You get my name's Russell Brunson and I cannot wait for you to get your first copy of the expert secrets book
 Yeah
 You think as you go from zero to a million million ten ten to a hundred you actually get more mature
 But I think it's the opposite because now it's like literally we're like thinking of the anyway
 The weirdest things possible so but that's the focus like as an entrepreneur when you get to that point
 You don't need more offers
 But there's a point where you have enough offers your value letters in place now
 It's like what can I do to promote this more like we're all my creative energy to focus on new ads new ads
 Types new platforms new things like that and that's the second the last phase in here going from 10 to 100 million is that okay?
 No, I'm gonna be doing another presentation here in a little over an hour. It's called
 Conversation domination and I'm gonna go deeper in some traffic stuff
 So I'm not gonna touch it too much right now, but this this is the fun part
 I was focusing as you'll be able to tell when I do this presentation
 This where most my focus is that right now, and it's it's a lot of fun, okay?
 So I wanted to come back to this this is this is the vision this one want you guys to understand over the next three days
 Because I know that with so much stuff happening some of you guys are gonna feel overwhelmed, but if you understand
 This is the vision of where you're going you're not stressed about the overwhelm. Okay. You look at this okay look
 Zero to million. This is the category that I'm in all my folks on is what in the how what in the house very presentation
 I hear I'm listen for like how is this company figure out?
 What is I'm selling it? How am I selling it? Okay? And what you stress about think about that in that process?
 You look at in that first circle that little that little triangle
 That's from the expert seekers book fact my next two presenters who are gonna be speaking are gonna be talking about this part
 Because going from the zero to million a lot of it
 So I figured out the what and how a lot of speaking out yourself, too
 Right if you're the ones selling the product like how do you build your following?
 How do you yourself as an expert? How do you position yourself?
 How do you put yourself out there in a way that's a lot of times not very comfortable?
 But in a way, it's gonna attract people to you okay, so next your presentation is gonna be going deep into that
 But every presentation for you guys if you're in that if that's the phase you're in just think about the what in the how the what in the how
 That's the key for you guys going from where you are today to do comic club. That's it
 Okay, now for those guys who come up club you like sweet
 I want more you should be focusing on all their funnel types like okay
 There's this one this one like what should I do to acquire more customers and those kind of things and those who are growing beyond that
 Be focusing on all the traffic presentation how to scale your traffic and get more and more people in okay
 But that's what we had that's what I want to explain because I know that so many of us especially as our community as the whole has been growing
 It's been fun watching if you look at if you look at 40 years ago the first fun of hiking live
 And if I said how many people here making over a million dollars, it's like one or two people now
 We're like almost 300 look at
 17 at 10 and then I could just keep growing and scaling it's so much fun
 And I think as a community as a whole we're all growing together
 So we want everyone to understand that this is the vision this way should be focusing this way should be doing because I don't want you
 focusing on eight nine figure creativity problems if you don't have your one your how figured out and vice versa okay you focus on where you're at
 Build that piece out figured out and then you can switch in them again the market will tell you when you're ready to make the switches and transitions
 Okay to end this presentation. I want to come back and I want to show that video
 I showed you guys the very beginning one more time because
 Two reasons number one after I watched and I watched it like 30 times more and it's really fun
 So I'm gonna show it again and number two
 I want you guys that you're listening to it to understand that this video is talking about you
 Okay, we're not normal you guys know that right?
 Most people don't wake up in the morning figure out how can I change the world? How can I sell more products?
 How can I serve more people that's not a normal thing?
 Well, we wake up in the morning. They're depressed. They're tired. They go to work. They're miserable. They come home again
 They're miserable like most people don't spend all their extra time energy money flying to hear to hear people talking about selling stuff through funnels for crying out loud
 You guys are different and that's good and so I want to show you guys a video one more time and let's watch it
 Here's to the crazy ones
 the misfits
 the rebels the troublemakers
 the round pegs in the square holes
 The ones who see things differently
 They're not fond of rules and they have no respect for the status quo
 You can quote them disagree with them glorify or vilify them
 About the only thing you can't do is ignore them
 Because they change things
 They push the human race forward
 And while some might see them as the crazy ones
 We see genius
 Because the people who are crazy and if you think that they can change the world
 are the ones who do
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one is called expert secrets
 And you can get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm seekers
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets comm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non VC back sass startup company in the world
 [applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
