 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast. I hope you enjoyed the last few episodes
 We brought in one of our my favorite presentations from funnel hacking live number two or Sean Stevenson came and talked about
 All his amazing stuff in securities and finding people and I hope you loved it as much as I did
 And with that said
 Right now I am cramming for the 10x event
 I'll be speaking for 35,000 people like 10 days and then right after that we have funnel hacking live coming up
 Where we got 4,000 people
 Anyway, so my life is a little bit hectic and crazy as you can probably tell so because of that
 I thought let's bring back another amazing presentation from one of our past funnel hacking lives to share with you while
 I am prepping for funnel hacking live
 And I'm sure I will be slipping in a couple more really fun episodes
 I'm planning and preparing and probably post 10x event to kind of give you guys an update
 But I didn't want the podcast to slow down. So what I'm gonna give you now actually is
 My very first presentation from last year's funnel hacking live event for those who are there
 I hope you loved it and those who weren't there this should hopefully tease you and
 And get you excited about coming to funnel hacking live
 So if you haven't got your tickets yet, we're probably sold out by the time you hear this if not
 We will be sold out very very soon. You got to go to funnel hacking live.com to get tickets
 But this whole presentation is one with the event happened at Disney World and so I talked a lot about Walt Disney and share some really cool stories from him
 Talk about value ladder I talk about
 The three phases of company going you know phase one for you know the one the how phase two
 Phase three. I'm not gonna ruin the surprise for you. Anyway, a lot of fun. So I hope you guys enjoy this
 We'll break this up over the next couple days
 But I hope you enjoyed these episodes and it gets you excited for fun hacking live for those who are coming
 Kind of wait to see you for those who aren't coming
 This should push you over the edge go get your tickets fun liking live.com
 Thanks so much
 That says queue up the intro and then we'll start with the next presentation
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Oh man you guys excited for this
 I was in my room and I could fill you guys screaming and shouting when the doors open. It was amazing
 Thank you guys so much for coming here. I am insanely excited
 We have killed ourselves over last few months putting this together and I'm so excited to be here today with all of you guys here
 At Disney World now to kick this off
 This year's theme is a little bit different than last year's so hopefully all you guys got your t-shirts yesterday
 And we made a really cool video that I want to show you guys
 I'll kind of introduce this year's theme and what we're trying to do so I'm gonna cube this video right now
 Here's to the crazy ones
 the misfits
 the rebels the troublemakers
 the round pegs in the square holes
 The ones who see things differently
 They're not fond of rules and they have no respect for the status quo
 You can quote them disagree with them glorify or vilify them
 about the only thing you can't do is ignore them
 Because they change things they push the human race forward
 And well some might see the Mr. Crazy ones
 we see genius
 Because the people who are crazy and if you think that they can change the world
 are the ones who do
 Thank you
 It's pretty special when we were planning this event last year
 We thought how cool would it be to go to Disney and do this in Disney World? There's so many amazing stories
 About their whole journey and how Walt Disney built this company and I was researching
 Disney and like studying him in his life before he came here and I heard a really amazing story on
 Walt's death bed. He was literally in a hospital. He was
 He was about to pass away and this reporter wanted to interview him and they kept getting pushed off and pushed off because it wasn't well enough to do it and
 Finally
 This is a reporter got the ability to come in and to interview Walt and he came in
 He started asking questions and he couldn't understand where the wall was saying and it's a wall motion
 Come here and so the reporter actually laid down in the bed next to Walt Disney and he's laying there for 30 minutes
 And Walt was looking at the ceiling showing this vision to this reporter of this place that we're in today a Disney World
 We start explaining this is where we do the restaurants and the rides is when people are going to come
 This is how it's going to change their life. It's out there for 30 minutes
 So 30 minutes describing this place we're at today five years before it was ever built
 not only was he describing his vision, but he was describing his role that he would play in that future
 which is a crazy from someone who's about to pass away and
 I think for all of us like as entrepreneurs as people as leaders like this is what I want all of us to be thinking about this weekend
 the way to live
 The truly lives of believe so much in your vision and your mission that even on your deathbed
 You're gonna whisper it into another person's ear to explain what your vision is who won't die without you
 Now it's interesting it's five years later after Walt Disney passed away. They dedicated they were opening up this place Disney World and
 All this stuff was happening things were going crazy and one of the reporters actually came up to one of the main people at Walt Disney
 In charge of Disney and said to him said man, it's it's a shame that Walt couldn't have lived to see this moment and
 This person looked back at the reporter and said you don't understand
 He said we did see it. He did see it and that's why we're here today and
 And
 I heard that story just like oh how powerful is that how many of us have a vision and we just like know that no matter
 What happens we have to get out that we have to do whatever it takes. I guess that's why most of you guys are
 Here today, which was really fun. This is one of my favorite Walt Disney quotes
 Haven't we get to see the movie meet the Robinson's
 If you have kids you've probably seen if not it's one of my favorite movies and the very end of the movie
 They share a quote and said around here. However, we don't look backwards very long. We keep moving forward
 Opening up new doors and doing new things because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths
 And that's what entrepreneurship is all about. That's what we're doing every day
 We got a chance to wake up and figure out what we're gonna create what we're gonna make
 What are we gonna like whose lives are we gonna change which is like the most exciting thing in the world now in this room right now?
 We've got about three thousand of you guys and every one of you guys have a different story
 And I wanted to share a couple of the stories here
 I wish I could share everybody's story, but we'd be here for like six months
 But there's a couple of stories. I want to share that had a huge impact in me over the last
 Six months to a year as we're building click fun
 We hear these stories of people coming in and they have emotional impacts on us
 And I hear the story and I in our team meetings with our entire company
 I tell everyone the story so I don't want anyone in our in our company ever feeling like we are a software company as soon as we
 As soon as we believe we're a software company
 We come like every other software company and we come boring and bland and you crazy people on run through the door screaming like you did
 Earlier today, right?
 We're more than that. We're changing people's lives
 And so when we hear these stories like I love sharing my out with with everyone on my team
 And I want to share a couple with you guys today. So this one right here first off is Paul and Stacy you guys here
 Can you stand up? Let's give them a round of applause
 I had a chance to meet these guys a few months ago. They came to Boise, Idaho
 greatest place on earth and
 And while they were there I met them for really briefly and that chance
 After they went to the first event they signed up one of our hiring coaching programs
 And they saved for like another couple days and I didn't know much about what they did or who they were and then
 They got on stage in our in our little office and they shared their mission what they were doing
 And they told their story and most of us most of our businesses are built out of something painful in the past, right?
 Something happened that we didn't like that made us cause a change which then made us create something which now gives us the
 Bill to help and serve other people right the wounds we have or typically the wounds we heal for another people and
 Stacy and Paul they were telling their story about how I think that 18 19 years ago
 They were in the relationship and the relationship started to break and it was horrible. It was a horrible thing and
 Stacy realized that to save this relationship she had to change it wasn't like I had to change him like most people in a
 Relationship like it's me. I have to change this we're gonna work
 And so she did the most difficult thing that human beings can do and she changed and because of that they ended up making a marriage
 Amazing relationship in a marriage and over the last 15 years of their life
 They've helped over 10,000 couples to save their marriage and bring back to spout the spark more 10,000 more
 Yeah, give her out of applause
 One of my goals for this entire event is hopefully to give them one or two little ideas
 So they can help 10,000 more 20,000 more 100,000 more it became the last event they were they her webinars
 You're telling us the converting at point five percent is this right?
 One half and one percent what was your last webinar converted?
 Whoo 28.5 percent
 That's amazing. That's why we do what we do next one one here. This is Annie Grace. Is Annie in the audience?
 Yeah, there's an you're a here-giver round of applause as well
 So Annie came to this event last year that was your first fellow hiking live, right?
 She came last year and she was on a mission so her backstory
 She was in corporate America and the job that she had they basically told like hey you need to be able to socially drink
 That's how it works
 You want to raise up in the in the corporations?
 You got to be part of this and so she was going on these business trips and she was drinking and eventually she kept drinking drinking
 The point where she became addicted to it alcohol is very addictive and after a couple years
 She realized like this is not the way I want to live my life anymore
 This is not how things are supposed to be and so she decided to try to break the chains of alcohol addiction
 If anyone has ever tried that process, you know
 It's not a simple thing and she didn't want to go to a another things like that
 So she's figured I gotta figure out a different way to do this and she went through a journey for 18 months
 Figuring out how to break herself in the chains of alcohol addiction and then she did and then she could have just left right there
 I'm like cool. I'm fixed
 But she said no like this is something now I need help other people with this is you went out there with this message to go
 Share with other people and as I asked her the other day like give me some give me some impact numbers
 What's happened in the last year?
 So there were 50,000 people are now in our online communities doing a 30-hour call experiment helping themselves to break the chains of alcohol addiction
 Is that amazing?
 You think about that all these numbers are amazing 50,000 people are amazing
 But think about each of those people there's a family and there's kids and there's other relationships and the ripple effect that grows from it
 Is is amazing next one share is from Pamela Pamela where you at? Give Pamela round of applause
 The Pam was actually gonna be on dr. Oz Thursday, right?
 So we gave her a pass to skip whatever session so she can watch herself on TV is kind of a big deal
 but I met Pamela last year as well as she came to one of our events and
 At first I didn't know what she did and then like she came back and she did a little presentation to our group
 And she told her story and within about 15 minutes all of us were crying our eyes out
 What Pamela does she's the doctor and when she was going through medical school medical school is tough
 I've never went through it, but it's it's a difficult process and she was telling me the other day that she was
 She was actually out of funeral for the eighth or ninth suicide victim doctor suicide
 one of her friends and at times she's like I have to I have to fit to fix this and so she started suicide hotline and
 And I don't know if you guys knew this
 Doctors have the highest suicide rate of any profession almost double number two if I'm correct and there's no one out there helping him
 No one's talking him and so she spent the last three years filming a documentary. She's been out the writing books
 She's written two different books talking about this thing
 She has a doctor's hotline for doctors calling she runs retreats and she's literally saved hundreds of doctors lives
 But on top of that each of these doctors life
 So she's saved he's some able to impact thousands and tens of thousands of patients on top of that
 Which is amazing and I love Pamela her story. She's such an amazing person
 The funniest thing she told me on the message she's like hey before click funnels
 I didn't dare to take payments online
 So I made people mail me checks in the mail to try to change their lives now
 She's like I can get people to give me money online and we actually help them and it's growing very very fast
 So she's gonna doctor us this week and she's gonna impact millions of more lives
 Which is the coolest thing in the world so grateful for her and like I said
 There's so many stories one last year story. I want to share with you guys cuz we're gonna be talking about this actually a lot today
 This is Tim Ballard. I don't know if Tim's in the room right now
 He may not be
 So Tim runs an organization called operation underground railroad who here's ever heard of operation underground railroad very cool
 So
 This is a mission that I've gotten behind a lot in the last six or so months
 Tim goes to the darkest most evil spots in this planet and goes and finds kids
 And takes them and rescues them from a hell that they can't escape by themselves
 In the last few years he saved over a thousand children
 He's helped the rest over four hundred thirty three traffickers and it's growing from there
 Now tonight you guys have a really cool opportunity so
 At about five o'clock tonight, I'm actually gonna bring him on stage and also another guest
 We spent the last few months actually filming a documentary and him and Nick Natton's gonna come up here and Nick
 And his team actually went down to Haiti during these raids
 Strapped GoPro cameras on their heads and on their guns and went and actually saved kids and filmed the documentary
 And so five o'clock
 We're gonna show you the trailer that documentary have chance to meet Tim and meet Nick and then
 Then we're gonna have a break
 We do this vendor speed dating which can be ton of fun
 We're paying for dinner for everyone tonight
 It's gonna be a lot of fun and then after that for those who would like to we're actually gonna be showing the entire
 Documentaries 85 minutes long and you have a chance to to see what's happening in the world
 And not only see it my goal is from this event. I want to make an impact and not a not a little impact
 I want to make a huge impact. We're gonna we're gonna save a lot of kids lives during the next four days
 And then I'm gonna ask for all of your guys's help
 on
 Saturday after Tony Robbins talks to you all we're gonna talk about how we can take this and this darkest this evil
 Look at how slavery was broken back at the times of Abraham Lincoln the way it was it was destroyed
 Was people shown a light on it?
 What I want us to do is funnel hackers. I want to shine the biggest light possible on this problem
 So that the cockroaches in the room have to scurry away and disappear
 And we're gonna disrupt this make a lot of noise and I need all your guys help today you guys okay with that
 All right
 So there's four of the three thousand plus stories in this room you guys and that's the reason why we do what we do
 That's why our team is so obsessed with making the software better with training with making you guys better
 What you do because I know that every single one of you guys are not gonna change one person's life
 You're gonna change hundreds or thousands or tens of thousands and that's why we that's why we do this
 So my question for you guys I want you to think about it now is what's what's your vision?
 Why are you here?
 Why did you jump into plane some of you guys that stuck in tornado warnings for hours?
 Flying around in circles trying to get here like what is your vision? Why are you here? What are you guys trying to create?
 Who are the people that you want to serve?
 Because that's the key to business as soon as
 For me and I don't know about you guys, but for me when I started shifting my my focus my how can I make money?
 How can I make money to like these questions? Who's my mission? What am I trying to create? Who can I serve?
 That's when the money came
 That was the shift and so why don't you think about this entire week like what's your vision?
 What are you trying to create? Who do you want to serve?
 Okay, and again, this is the quote. This is the quote the theme for this entire weekend
 It's here's to the crazy ones the misfits the rebels the troublemakers
 You guys the round pegs in the round the square the round pegs in the square holes the ones who see things differently
 They're not quite fond of the rules
 They have no respect for the status quo you can quote them disagree with them glorify or vilify them
 But the only thing you can't do is ignore them because they change things and they push the human race forward
 And while some of you may see them as the crazy ones we see genius because though people who are crazy
 I think they can change the world are the ones who do I love that
 And if those you guys some you guys knew are kind of new to our culture
 How many guys are kind of more new to this whole world?
 Welcome
 Who is your vision what's your mission?
 I guess who has no idea like I'm here. I don't really know what I'm doing. I just excited
 I mean is that so for the other guys like that's okay
 I want to share with you
 This is one of my favorite quotes of all time from Winston Churchill
 Winston said to each there comes in a lifetime that special moment when they will be
 Figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offer the chance to do a very special thing unique to them and fit it to their talents
 It's true for all of you guys
 God didn't put you on the searches to walk around there's a purpose for all of you guys here
 You're here training you're learning you're trying to understand that and that's why I'm so grateful for you
 As making the effort to be here. We have a lot of ClickFunnels members
 Five percent of you are here the rest are years the ones that are here
 They're trying to make the biggest change and the biggest impact
 The quote goes on says what a tragedy at that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that
 Which could have been their finest hour a lot of you guys don't know what that is yet
 I know what it was for me for years for decades
 And the more I move for the more I keep finding out like what's the mission was what am I supposed to know?
 I don't know what it is. I'm just running forward as fast as I can and so don't be nervous if you're not sure yet
 Just know you're in the right spot
 You're on a whole bunch of people over here to help serve you and just keep running for and you'll find it
 You'll find those things that you can do and eventually it'll come to you and you're gonna be like
 This is my thing. This is what I was created to do and you'll find that out
 So I'm gonna talk really quick about the vision for click funnels, okay now the kind of challenge you guys think about your vision
 I want to share my vision
 So click funnels was created with with the goal our goal was to free all entrepreneurs so they could share their gifts with the world
 I honestly the entrepreneurs are the only people that can actually change this planet. I don't think it's politicians
 I don't think it's government. I think it's entrepreneurs
 We're the ones that are crazy if you go out there and try to change things, right? You guys agree with that?
 Yeah
 That's our mission want to free all entrepreneurs so that you guys can focus on changing your customers lives
 That's our goal now. I want to actually introduce a special friend and a partner
 And before I tap bring him up. I want to kind of tell a quick story
 So this is my co-founder and my business partner Todd Dickerson
 And a lot of times I'm the one on stage jumping around like a dancing monkey and people know who I am
 They're like well, so you create a click funnels. I'm like I didn't create. I don't know how to code
 I had to break that to you guys. You didn't know that
 All I know is that when we had this vision
 This wasn't a unique thing
 I was not the very first person to say we should build a platform people can do all their entire business on it
 Many people have tried over and over and over again. I tried three times myself in the past and failed
 Wasn't I met Todd?
 We're sitting there in a room one day and we started mapping out this vision once again for the fourth time and Todd said
 I can do that. I was like everyone's tried it. I don't know if we can't say no I can do that
 I can do it and so we're mapped out the vision in Boise Idaho in front of a whiteboard in our little tiny office at
 Time he jumps it in plane. He flew back home. He spent the next six eight months of his life in a room
 Coding what became click funnels?
 And this was not like the easiest thing in the world as you can imagine most companies that were competing against have dev teams of 80 to 90 people
 We've got a Todd and Todd built the initial click funnels
 And he is one of the most amazing human beings I ever met in my life
 And so what I want you guys to do I want everyone to stand up and give Todd Dickerson a huge round of applause as he comes up on stage
 I
 It's awesome. What's up funnel hackers?
 This is such an honor for me beyond stage with Todd. This is like the coolest thing in the world so
 Just you guys know September 23rd 2004
 Was the day that my life Todd's life and all of your life's changed forever
 That was the day that he clicked live and click funnels actually went actually live
 Now this is obviously a lot of work on his end prior to that to get that point
 But you want to talk about what's happened in the last couple years since we've gone live
 Oh my gosh
 Well, of course our original expectations was we're gonna have 10,000 members week one
 It ended up taking us about one year to get there though, so it you're one we ended up with 10,000 people
 And then year two we actually rolled up we hit 20,000 your three we went crazy
 50,000 whoo yeah, yeah, that's awesome
 Well today I pulled the latest stats this morning as of this morning if 60,000 plus active members insane
 Absolutely that's amazing. Yeah
 Okay, I got another awesome staff for you guys though, so this is insane right
 You guys have officially joined the three comma club as a group processed over a billion dollars
 Through click funnels that we can track. That's not even everything. We can't even track everything so it's pretty crazy
 That's a billion to be I want to put this in perspective for you guys, okay?
 No, I'm not that good at geography and math and all kind of stuff
 But there are 15 other countries whose GDP is not as high as that
 What that means is that if click funnels was a country and we were the people of funnel hackers
 We have a higher GDP than 15 other countries here on planet
 That's awesome insane
 And Todd's gonna run for president of that country's gonna be amazing
 Like funnels Island a couple other amazing things about you guys what you guys accomplished last few years
 258 of you so far have joined the two comma club
 Congrats, where's my two comma coming a stand if you're too calm a little better stand up real quick something can see
 It's awesome, I want I want everyone to look around
 These are your peers some of these people were in this room last year thinking the same thing like holy cow
 Back I made a two-com a couple more now. It's sitting next to me. It's amazing. All right. Yes, you can sit down
 And then we got a new award to announce the new words. Oh man
 So we're gonna announce this for the first time ever we have just created the eight figure award
 17 people have qualified for it to this point 17 of you. Is that amazing 10 million dollars click funnels
 Where's our eight figure winners we stand up?
 Yeah
 Insane so like last year before the event before we launched you comma club award
 I told Dave I'm like you pull the stats and see I'm gonna do comic club
 I'm like I'm guessing probably 15 20 people are so they made a million dollars and click funnels
 I think last year was 93 now we're at 200 and we say 58 and then this year
 17 made over ten million dollars in a funnel and there's people who are encroaching upon the nine figure one
 So we got to go make another award for next year
 But there's people are getting close the four-minute mile you guys just you know
 It's been broken and they got broken again and it's about to get broken again
 So for all you guys who are sitting here wondering like these are the people have done it grab them during the breaks ask them questions
 It's possible. We're seeing it happen all the time. So don't dismiss it. It's it's true. It's real you can do it
 It's insane. So again our mission for click funnels is this is to help free all entrepreneurs
 You guys can focus on changing the lives of your customers with that said this all give taught a huge round of applause
 So tomorrow we're gonna be bringing or not tomorrow Friday
 We're gonna be bringing up all the two comma couple winners and rewarding their trophies as well as
 The new ones and so I want to make sure you guys are all in for that
 I promise if you're in the room and you watch that it's gonna be something that's gonna change your life because you're like
 That's my new goal the egg if you're the two comma club
 You're gonna be the next goal is for X if you're it just beginning
 It's gonna be two comma club and I want you guys to see that and see all the people are doing it because for me as soon as I
 Realize it was possible that I was able to do it and I want you guys all see that it's possible and it's happening every single day
 One more marketing secrets if so then go get your copies of my two best-selling books book number one
 It's called expert secrets and you get a free copy at expert secrets calm and book number two is called comm secrets
 And you get your free copy at comm secrets calm inside these two books
 You'll find my top 35 secrets that we've used to become the fastest growing non-VC back sass startup company in the world
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
