 Hey everyone, it's Russell again. Welcome back to marketing secrets podcast. We're gonna continue with day two of my initial
 Presentation from last year's fun lacking live event. Hope you enjoyed so far
 If you are enjoying these please take snapshots on your phone and then post them on Instagram and Facebook and tag me
 I'd love to see him and also use a hashtag hashtag marketing secrets
 And with that said let's jump right into the intro music and then we'll pick up on the next part of my presentation
 So the big question is this how are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own
 pockets
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I'll give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Inside of click funnels and funnel hacking live and all sorts of stuff. They're basically a couple phases
 We're gonna be taking you guys through okay the first phase
 In your click funnels experiences. We want to give you guys all the tools you need to free yourself
 Okay, now that's click funnels, but we also have tomorrow at tomorrow afternoon
 We're gonna be showing you guys some of the new features and tools and things are coming out inside of click funnels
 They will continue to free yourself as an entrepreneur
 So you can focus to getting your message out to people and not all the techy stuff behind it
 Let Todd and Ryan and the genius has focused on the tech stuff and you can focus on selling what it is that you sell
 So that's coming out number two. We want to give you guys the education you need to create your future
 That's what these events are for the books everything is created education
 And then the third thing is help give you guys an vision to impact the world
 Okay, so the first phase is freeing yourself
 Second phase is creating your future and then third phase is impacting yourself now
 During this my first presentation, I'm gonna be walking you guys through what I call the funnel hackers vision
 I want everyone here to see where you guys are going one of the biggest things I find entrepreneurs is they don't really know where they're going
 They're excited. They're passionate
 They start running and then they start doing some stuff and they have some success and then like everything starts falling apart
 They get stressed out. It's just all over the place. I mean as it felt that a little bit before
 You're my people. Yes. I understand this and it's interesting like when I was growing
 My companies over the last 10 years or so. I remember like I started like we got two million dollars in sales
 I started like trying to say how do you go from a million to ten and ten to a hundred and I wanted to understand that process
 Like what are the what are the tools?
 What are the things I need to know as an entrepreneur?
 And I remember buying all sorts of books and courses and things and they were great
 But what they basically says like the goal of the entrepreneur like the entrepreneurs amazing the beginning then like you're kind of a nuisance
 And you need to step away and let like other people run the company and all the books about management like hiring people and plugging people in it
 And I agree with that
 But I was like well, I'm the entrepreneur like what am I supposed to do?
 But I go from zero to million and I want to go from million to ten and ten to a hundred like what's my role?
 Where is it?
 I'm supposed to fit in the interesting thing here is that the problem with entrepreneurs is the thing that makes us awesome
 Happens also be the thing that makes us terrible the same thing
 You're like, how's that that's confusing, right? So I have a question for you guys. How many of you guys in here have more than one business?
 Here's more than two businesses
 Three
 four
 Five
 Six
 Holy cow seven
 This is like that thing. We're like who travels in the furthest away. Okay, who's got more than nine?
 Holy cow you guys are worse than I thought. All right
 This first presentation is help free yourself from this. Okay, so I understand this more than you will ever know
 So my business is what happened and I want to know if this if your journey has been similar to this at all
 This would happen. I got excited. I started learning all this marketing stuff
 I got I was on fire. I had all this passion. I was like I'm gonna do this. I started creating my first business and
 The weird the cool thing about through is thing that makes us amazing is the hardest part of a business is getting it from like an idea
 Phase and getting into orbit, right?
 You look at big companies
 What they do they could bring in these amazing entrepreneurs and entrepreneurs put it into orbit and then they go higher MBAs
 All these people that come in there like they just don't crash my baby
 And then just kind of stays in orbit, right?
 But getting off the ground is the hardest part and so like as an entrepreneur I get excited I get the idea the vision
 I start creating I get it to zero to a million dollars or so in sales and then I'm like I don't know what to do now
 I'm gonna and you look at this like I got a million dollar business is great and you want me to do I?
 I'm gonna create another one and then I'll have two million dollars coming in. That's the first thought
 How many guys that's the first thing that your mind went to as well?
 You're like I'm gonna do two business and you start creating the second one what happens the second starts creating and it's going
 You're all excited and you're like boom we got two million dollars and look back and this the baby you had before what happened to it
 They died you're like crap. Okay. Well that one's dead
 But I'm gonna make it know this is the million bucks make it next one
 So you go get the next business you put it all together and you're ready for it
 And you're I can make some million bucks and this one dies and you start on this path
 You can do an over and over and over and over and over again
 Have you guys can relate to that?
 Okay, this is my life for ten years of my life just here anyone's everyone's super clear with that so I understand this more than anyone
 I remember the first time I got a business my first business. I got about about three million dollars a year
 I'm like this is awesome, and I was like, okay, I'm gonna if I and I got stuck at that point
 I couldn't figure out how to scale it
 I just like it's a three millimeter
 Okay
 Well if I launch the second business and I get that three million I make six I launched the second one
 That's what happened and this one died this one got three million and it was like oh
 We did all the work the whole year end of year got my taxes back from like counting guys look at I'm like
 Crap we did three million dollars as we did last year. We need another business like this is another one
 So we did another business put it all thing together launch and growing up everything tax returns come in here look at thing
 I'm like three million dollars like we have three businesses now
 How we steal three million dollars?
 And so I did the smartest thing that any entrepreneur could do and that next year you can ask this is the real thing
 Yes, Brent or Dave and a lot of people are there. I had this idea in January after you get tax returns
 I'm like, okay, we keep launching a business a year and we're stuck at three. How about we launched 12 this year?
 And we did
 Pretty click funnels by the way, so this is like hand-coding. It was horrible
 so we launched that we launched that one and
 And we launched the 12 and like one or two of them does okay
 And it's like oh it's going awesome and these other ones all the crash and then text tax time comes when we get this thing
 I was like we have 12 companies. How did we do three million dollars again? And all of a sudden I realized that the problem
 Was me
 Okay, if you look at great companies look at Apple right there is the time when the entrepreneur is the most amazing thing in the world
 Steve Jobs came in took Apple and blew it up and then guess what happened he starts screwing everything up
 They had a fire and they kick him out
 So he kicked him out and then they figured things got systems in place everything structured and then like they're like we need
 To innovate because like now we're just stuck and they had to bring you on to your back to blow this thing up
 And so I'm looking at my thing and we started launching click funnels one of the big concerns a lot of people
 I had around me on my team
 But also like people in our community like Russell this is awesome
 But I just know you you're gonna launch this thing and then you're gonna go to the next thing in the next
 How many guys didn't use click phones for more than a year because you thought I was gonna walk away from it move on the next thing
 That's the real thing. I got it from a lot of my friends like this is awesome
 I'm not gonna use it because I think you're gonna move on next thing and so I constantly talked to Todd and
 Dylan and we were starting this I said okay. I'm gonna focus all my effort
 It's gonna be hard
 But I need to focus or else this whole thing like this can be something great
 But only if I focus and it's gonna be hard for me
 So I need you guys to help I need to be able to put my creativity into something and so we did that
 And we started and we launched click funnels now
 And I'm gonna watch history different phases
 But what I realized is that the skill set that entrepreneurs have to go from zero to a million dollars is one thing about a million
 Too many about that range we have to shift where we focus our creativity
 Okay, the very bottom here. We call it the creativity switch
 Okay, cuz I know what's gonna happen and this is again
 You read any business books that get said okay
 So as you get to this point now you got to hire a manager and teams and people all seven
 It's awesome like you do need that but I guarantee that most of us creatives if that's our job and that's our role
 We're gonna wake up in the morning and we're gonna dread going to the office
 How many guys wake up you like I'm gonna go hire someone today? Yeah
 No, I cry when I hear like I don't want to do that like I want to be able to focus at my superpower like my
 Unique ability. What is my unique ability? How do I focus that?
 And so what I learned from going zero to million and a million to ten and ten to a hundred
 I had to shift whereas folks in my creativity
 Shifted from launching a business launching a business launching a business launching a business
 To launching a business and then how do I grow that business?
 How do I drive more traffic with the offers I create so I'm gonna show you do this presentation
 Like where did I shift my focus and where does it have to be?
 So what you guys understand that because a lot of you guys and I see it how many guys
 Got your first two comic Club award and the second one came really really fast afterwards
 a bunch of them
 Usually the first one's the hardest and it's like oh crap that was easy and the next one comes next one comes next
 We have someone tomorrow who's in two days. He's getting seven
 Okay, this is easy after you learn the process is like easy so for us our minds gonna go to like do it
 Launch the next business launch next business
 It's like if we just shift our creativity from business business business to business and then shifted to offers front
 And offers back and offers and shifted to traffic then all of a sudden everything we're doing is compounding and our businesses go bigger and bigger and bigger
 Okay, so that's what we're talking about is this creativity shift that we have to take as entrepreneurs now
 One thing I want to stress with this presentation over the next four days that we're here you guys
 We're gonna be talking at different levels of this some of you guys are in the phase where you're like some startup to million dollars
 How many guys are in that phase you're somewhere between zero and a million dollars right now in your business?
 Awesome some of you guys are in the middle face. How many of you guys between a million and ten?
 How many of you guys in that phase your business?
 Awesome, are you guys are going from a million or from a ten to a hundred minute?
 I guess that phase the business
 Okay, so one thing I want to talk about so don't want you guys feeling overwhelmed
 We're going with a bunch of stuff when we talk about stuff
 I want some of you guys you be like this is a cool strategy, but I'm not ready for you
 Like this is something when I'm like this big that's I'm gonna do it
 So don't stress about it like I remember when I get to ten million dollars
 I'm gonna focus on this strategy, but not right now
 Here when I get past a million dollars
 I'm gonna focus on this strategy so as you as you go through the next four days
 Just understand that that every presenter every speakers will be speaking to different parts of this
 I'll try to reference you guys know like okay
 This is like where you're focusing out from zero to million. This is where your folks have from million to ten
 This is where folks out over here. Okay, so some things if you're not ready for don't stress out it's very cool
 I'm gonna come back watch the recordings or whatever when I'm ready when I'm going from from ten to a hundred or one from one to ten
 Okay, but things are gonna be broken down through here
 Okay, so I'm gonna kind of go through this journey with you guys and what takes expected from zero to million million ten to ten to a hundred
 That's only fun
 Yeah, all right
 So number one going from zero to a million dollars. This is what I call the what and how
 This is where you as the entrepreneur has to figure out what in the world am I selling and how do I actually sell it?
 This is the only thing matters in this phase if you were hiring employees during this phase and you are buying
 Dest and getting big fancy like computer systems and stuff you did this wrong
 You only job and when zero to a million dollars is this figuring out what it is you're selling
 What does the market actually want not what do you want to create? What does the market want what and then what is the system?
 I'm gonna use to actually sell it
 Okay, so the what is what you're selling the offer and then how is how are you gonna sell it?
 Okay, so the question is like well, also how do I know if what I'm selling is the right thing or I'm selling the right way and
 The reality is when you get the right what and you get the right how you will know because you'll go from zero to million dollars
 Really really fast. Okay, the market will tell you the market will say that's awesome. I want to buy this stuff
 Okay, if you've been stuck in a in a range below a million dollars for a while means you haven't figured this out yet
 You're selling the wrong products now people want or you haven't figured out the right way to sell it because as you figure out the what in the how
 Your business explodes
 Okay, our two hundred fifty eight two comic-up members. I've watched them
 I've been watching people try try try try also this and they figure out the what and how boom going from zero to million dollars is fast
 That's how you know that the market wants what you're selling if you're stuck at six figures hundred fifty two hundred thousand dollars in that range
 You're not selling the right thing people aren't excited about it enough
 Or you're not selling the right way so the what and how what am I selling and how am I selling it?
 We have a lot of presentations during this week about how do you create your offer like how do you actually make something that's sexy and amazing
 The people are gonna want to buy and then what kind of funnel should I use to sell it?
 Okay, we have some of our amazing funnel hackers are gonna be sharing the different funnels and we have a whole bunch of different types of funnels
 Okay, and I want you guys to see this if you look at all the presentation lines like
 Each funnel each presenter has a different type of way that they
 Do their how a different type of funnels and do a webinar some people doing high tickets and go doing trip wires
 So people like everyone's got different things
 And I'm I can tell you this is the best funnel for your business
 I want you guys to look at all the different options and be like that's the one for my business
 That's the one that's gonna work for me and then use that one pick it and that's what that's gonna be the how okay
 So you're not the what and how I said the market will tell you and you'll know because you go from zero to million dollars fast
 Okay, but that's it. That's what's happening in this phase the what and the how okay now how many of you guys read the expert secret book
 Yeah, who hasn't
 All right, nobody
 If you look at this book
 The whole point of me writing this book was to help people understand the what and the how
 What are you selling we talk about creating offers finding your market? This is the what then how do I sell it?
 You're using stories you're using funnels like this book is the what in the house if you're stuck
 You should read this book over and over and over and over like I spent 10 years of my life bleeding to bring this to you
 So you can understand the what and the how?
 Okay, that's what's gonna help you understand and so that's like if you're stuck big
 That's that's what that's that's the book to start studying learn over and over again
 It's gonna give you the what and the how am I so there's a lot of presentations over the next four days
 They're gonna be going deep in this as well. Okay, and the first thing we're always gonna be selling is the opportunity switch
 We'll get into that a little more later, but that's what can help you figure out. Okay?
 All right, the other thing is going from zero to million. I want you guys focusing on just
 one
 core funnel
 And we guys that stress you out
 We people all the time like Russell. I've got 800 funnels in my car. I need to upgrade. I'm like 800
 I'm like are you doing well? They're like no, I haven't like start making money
 I'm like you should just do one and just make that one work
 800 like this is the real thing we get in our office sometimes like Russell
 I can't afford an ice-m-dollar month payment. I need more funnels. What?
 Delete the other ones. They're horrible
 There's no way if you're struggling about the nice some dollar month payment that you got a what in the how this right?
 Okay, the biggest focus is the very beginning to get me focused on one core funnel. We launched click funnels
 It took me six different variations of the funnel. I tried I tried one what and how it failed
 I tried the second one third one fourth one fifth one sixth one boom that one hit
 Okay went from zero to million dollars in about a week. I was like, oh man. This is it and he gets what I didn't do
 luckily
 Because most of us are you know launch this funnel. It's gonna be amazing and then
 What's gonna happen is you're gonna get bored of it before the market does
 All my two comical members by the way just really quick if you just keep focusing on that first one
 It'll grow to ten. Mostly like oh sweet. What's the next one?
 Right, that's what we do is entrepreneurs. We're insane. I don't know like why we do that, but we do it
 Okay, we understand like your ability to get seven figures
 There's a direct correlation between that and your ability to focus on one funnel
 One so don't stress that about
 20 30 like one funnel focus on that. Okay, how many guys here read the dot-com secrets book?
 Yeah, thanks. So the dot-com secrets book I talked about constant called the value ladder, right?
 People come into your world and they start typically not gonna write you check for a hundred thousand dollars day one, right?
 Maybe they will if you're amazing, but most people it's not like you have to build value to people, right?
 So you come into something usually lower take in the bottom and you send people up and they get more value and then to trust you more
 They really invest more money, right? So I almost feel bad. I share that in dot-com secrets and what happens is everyone's like, okay
 I need to create they come to me like here's my value out
 I'm gonna go from here to here to here and then explain like 30 different steps of the value ladder and to try to create all of them at once
 Everything I'm like no like
 The high lot is like where you're going. That's not where you're starting like understand like hey someday
 I'm gonna probably go here, but I'm not creating 18 funnels to start
 I see the little where I'm out of taking people okay, so this is the click funnels value ladder. Oh
 Now you guys know what we do
 That's it. Okay. This is the click for the value ladder
 You know a couple interesting things I want you guys to understand about this when we launched click funnels
 We didn't start at the bottom of the value ladder a lot of people try that it's more difficult
 So what we do is we start in the middle of the value ladder?
 Okay, the middle of the value ladder is the reason why I like it is because it's typically more expensive which gives them the ability to spend more money to
 acquire customers
 that's why I
 Try to get people so often do webinars because webinars are such great like
 Just me middle the value ladder things because there's so much profit and typically you can spend a lot of money to generate leads, right?
 So that's the that's the core that's what we're driving people so all you guys should be looking at what's the core thing?
 I want to sell a couple things about my core offer
 I like to do I something that's like infinitely scalable where the more I sell the more I don't get stressed out
 right
 Some of you guys have businesses where like you stop selling stuff because you're like more people we sell the harder it gets
 We have more you know like I want to try to figure out something that's like infinitely scalable like in your core thing
 And that's typical where you start okay when people come in they join my inner circle or my other coaching programs
 Like my goal with them is figure out like like just do one webinar now
 My inner circle members know that I have a rule that I've yelled at almost all of them at at least twice
 Who didn't want to tell the rule who remembers what it is
 Yeah, you want to say it loud?
 You have to get to least a million dollars before I will allow you to create your second funnel
 This is what happens Russell. I'm working my webinar Russell. I'm doing this thing Russell. I launched it Russell
 It blew up. Oh, it's going crazy. I'm like that's awesome. They're like so my next offer like no no no stop
 Please stop
 You just created this baby gave birth to it
 I know you're tired of it, but like there's so much value there if you will just focus on it for the next 12 months
 It'll make you million dollars probably three five five five ten
 You got to focus so I make them I tell them all as soon as you make a million dollars
 Then I will allow you to create your second funnel
 Okay, I want that in your guys mindset because so many you guys are creating a funnel make 10 grand
 And then you're creating the second funnel and you're making five grand you're getting the third and they're like you're in this thing forever
 We're your will's just spinning okay. It's crazy. I did that for 10 years. It's hard
 It's painful. It's so much easier to double down on one thing. So folks on one funnel, right?
 So for us we launched click phones
 This was the one that worked we focused on it and then getting you start a start comments
 You have to make it to a comments club, okay now the second thing is after this funnel is working and customers are coming
 We're making money. We're at about a million dollars. What's happening is we're building up pressure
 I want to build a bunch of pressure so when I release funnel number two people will go crazy for it
 Right if I don't want funnel hacking live before I launch click phones guess how many people would have showed up?
 No one nobody came. I know I did events before nobody ever came. It's really stressful
 True story the first fun hacking live with 600 people signed up and I was so scared the day of I was hiding in the back
 I'm like no one's excited done event before nobody show like very few people showed up and I'm hiding back and I remember peeking through the curtains
 I was like, oh my gosh. They came. Oh, I was so excited because it's happened before right and so what happens
 Well, the focus is is
 You're just focusing on your core off your building customers again people who love you fall in love with all that kind of stuff
 And then you can release like now. Here's my second funnel, right?
 For a lot of people then it's like you release your back end funnel
 It's like hey now we have a high ticket thing, but you've got all this pressure built up and they just go crazy
 Okay, that's where we get a lot of people here who go and after they've been running the webinar or whatever it is for the front and funnel for a long time
 Then launch the next thing like my first funnel took me like six months hit you comic book second when I did it in the weekend
 It's like yeah, you build a bunch of pressures people wanted to give you more money
 You release it and then boom it's really easy the second time and keeps can ease your knees your knees here, okay?
 So I'm gonna kind of walk through some stories of people that figured out there what and how and I want to show you how fast they blew up
 The first one something you guys made at home. This is Dan Henry's Dan in the room
 You must I'm like how so quiet all right
 so
 Dan I know his story really well. The reason why I know this really well is one night after he moved in the new Dan mansion
 He was drinking a lot and then he made me this video. I'm gonna show you guys a little clip for it
 Well, I know Russell listen
 I'm drunk it's cool
 Listen I have to tell you something man
 Look, I'm good at what I do. I am. I'm good at what I do. I hope I'm in the right group because I'm flipping I said flipping
 I'm
 Am I in the dot-com secret inner circle group Bradley? Can you tell me please tell me if I am hold on?
 I'm because I'm a little drunk
 I think I am yeah
 Listen Russell. I'm good at what I do. I'm good at Facebook ads. I'm good at all that but you're a perfect webinar
 Can't oh, thank God Bradley think can I say somebody perfect webinar my friend?
 Listen, I get it. Well, hold on. You know, I gotta say this
 You know, I want to speak at funnel hacking live
 But I get it if you don't want me to do that because I'm whatever I cuss a lot
 And I'm a loose cannon. I get it though. I would never do that, but I understand I
 Do get it. Okay, so forget all that crap. I just want to give you an I'm like I want to give you an honest
 Thank you
 Because look at this look at this stuff. I can't believe I'm actually censoring myself while I'm drinking
 Hold on look at this look at this right now one webinar one mother effing webinar
 Okay one mother effing webinar. Look at this crap right now
 Okay that right there and the third floor is not even lit up bro the third floor
 Like that's the you can't even see it because it's not lit up because all the lights are off
 But bro, that's one webinar. Okay. This right here's a fishlight
 All right, I'm gonna stop here. I'm gonna stop here
 Okay, so Dan he struggled and he struggled and he struggled man guess what happened
 He figured out his what and his how and he went from zero to a million dollars and how fast
 How many in five months? That's what we're talking about
 Okay, you guys are the other cool part of the story
 So I'm sitting in my house and my phone bling saying that someone's streaming into our group
 And I look into Stan drunk and I'm watching this first. I'm like oh man, and then I like oh man
 This is awesome
 So I'm like whoa so I jump my computer and my second ends I download it
 We turn it into a video ad selling my book we post it back up and check this out right now
 It's got 3.7 million views
 This
 This book his soul or this video sold thousands and thousands of books for me, so thank you dad. I appreciate that. That's amazing
 All right, so there's Dan's story
 Jamie Cross first Jamie hat
 over here this is Jamie
 She didn't know I was gonna talk about her today
 So Jamie was last year came to fun hacking live the first time you came right and she was creating a business
 And she was trying to figure out the what in the how and she was struggling. She is
 herbalists
 Herbal yes that and she makes herbs stuff and she makes her own soaps her own lotions a bunch of amazing things in her home
 And she was trying to figure like how do I how do I sell this and she figured out amazing products?
 She forgot the what she's an amazing product
 I get should all give her money because it's legitimately amazing. She had amazing products
 You can figure out the how she can find like I try to figure out talk about perfect webinar
 It was funny about her is like say how do I sell the web?
 I'm selling soap and lotions. I can't do a webinar. How many you guys are like econ people are like rusty webinar sucks
 I'm selling physical products
 A couple you guys are saying that to me. I get it
 So she didn't say she's like I gotta figure this out
 I know the what but how am I gonna sell this and so she tried doing webinars and all sorts of stuff and eventually
 She made like a four and a half minute perfect webinar Facebook live and the first like 90 days went from zero to
 $90,000 in sales and have been blowing up ever since that amazing. Yeah
 Just figure out the what and the how like this is the first phase you guys if you're not there like this is like
 I always be thinking about every single day. What am I selling?
 How am I selling? What am I selling? How am I selling it?
 And you put it out there and then the market will tell you if you get straight if you didn't come back back to dry
 I'm working what and how what in the how what am I selling? How am I selling?
 What am I selling? How am I selling it put it out there and the market will tell if you fail or not?
 That's the game as soon as you know then you can blow it up. Okay next one Liz Benny
 I'm forced to listen to able to be here this time same thing with Liz
 We're sure working there. She called me up on she's one of our coaching programs very first call I had whether she's like Russell
 My goal is make $50,000 in the next 30 days. I was like that's a horrible goal. She's like what?
 like
 This is the deal we got to figure out your what in your house can take a little while and
 It's probably not gonna happen in 30 days
 But we're gonna try some stuff and figure it out and soon to figure out then you can make $50,000 like
 Like then like that's really actually small thinking
 But it's gonna take more than 30 days to figure out this initial thing right and so we and so I kind of like set her expectations
 She went out there and she spent the next four or five months figuring out the what and the house
 You've got what to sell she created the product figure how to sell created webinar as soon as it worked
 We're from zero to two Gama Club almost overnight. Okay
 Next one's Natalie Hossen's Natalie in the room
 Yeah, Natalie
 Give her a huge round of applause
 You're gonna have a chance to hear from Natalie here in about an hour or so which I'm really excited for here
 Presentation. I don't want to spoil the whole thing
 But last February she came to an event afterwards she launched a book that went from zero to Gama Club in like four months
 Crazy an ebook a thirty-seven already book amazing
 She figured out the what and the how
 Okay, and there's over two hundred fifty other stories just like that in this room you guys can't understand
 That's the first phase from zero to millions figure out the what and the how the what and the how and you got to figure that out
 Okay, you guys committed to that figure out the what in the how
 Okay, and if it doesn't work don't get stressed out some you like launch something doesn't work and like ah
 Doesn't work funnels your scam Russell's a scam. I tried the thing didn't work
 No, you got a quick phone. I do six and I'm pretty good in this game six funnels before I got one that worked
 Was it worth it? Yeah?
 I don't want to be that annoying guy talks about money and stuff, but I get was worth it six funnels
 Holy crap. Yes, okay. You will make more when one funnel hits and you will make it a lifetime of hard work otherwise
 So is it worth it? Yes?
 It's worth it
 Figure out the what and the how what and the how and the market will tell you and soon as it lets you know
 Then you take off and you explode okay
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free
 behind-the-scenes reality TV show at
 www.funnelhacker.tv
 .TV.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
