 What's up everybody this Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast so today I'm excited because
 we officially just
 Purchased our first company ah which is crazy and so I'm talking about that today what I learned and some things that might help you along
 Your journey as well
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast. I will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, so I can't tell you tells yet because we're still like I don't know and it will officially announce it to the world
 What it is why and all kinds of stuff later, but we finished signing all the paperwork today
 Which is crazy because like two days ago I decided 96 signatures
 There was like another like 20 and then today was a couple more
 So it's like over a hundred and something signatures I designed to officially get this company
 And it's exciting. It's our first ever acquisition now. I said I bought a lot of things in the past
 I thought about traffic secrets who bought mastermind calm about bootstrap like like expo sales funnels.com like we bought really expensive domains
 But not like full active acting businesses, right?
 This is the first time where it's a business that we purchased that has huge cash flows and all sorts of crazy stuff and
 I want to share these just because
 Hopefully it gives you guys just a different way to look at business. It's definitely given me a different way to look at business
 Which is one of the reasons why we did this and a lot of you guys know my philosophies and principles on business, right?
 That's what we talked about all times. What my books are about this podcast is about, you know
 And there's different ways to grow business. You know one way is that the more traditional where you get an idea
 You get a bunch of investors you raise money and then you go and you create something cool
 I hate that way as you know
 So we are the bootstrap way which is like create something amazing and then create front-end offers that self liquidate
 Bring customers in and then you know, that's that's the bootstrap model
 We've been doing that I love but there's other ways to grow business as well
 And this one I wanted to talk about because this has been something really really interesting to us
 And I'm not gonna share all the stats the numbers and all that kind of stuff
 Part six I don't know if I'm legally allowed to partially because I don't know the numbers
 I wasn't involved with all the the day-to-day because I'm no longer the CEO Dave did all that work
 I've signed a million times
 So I want to give you like some structural concepts to think through that were really cool for me
 so part of my understanding this dates back to about a decade ago I was actually in a master my meeting in
 in Mexico and
 sit next to this dude and he
 Is different kind of business person than me right like I'm like start-up guy start a business grow at scale at launch all kind of stuff
 Where he was like he's he told me like I'm not an entrepreneur. It's like you want to start stuff
 It's amazing. He's like I'm a I'm in mergers and acquisitions
 And I think he had he had bought like 60 or 70 businesses and bought and sold and made a ton of money
 And so I was trying to understand him. I'm like so you never started a business. He's like no you guys do that
 That's way too hard. He's like what I do in stays like I find entrepreneurs like you
 He's like what you understand? He's like and again. I'm probably gonna mess up these numbers
 But this is just illustration purposes right?
 He said he said if you look at your businesses right he's like at a certain level
 Let's say you're at like three million dollars. He's like you're only gonna sell for like a 3x multiple right?
 So maybe you'll get nine million for it. He's like but at ten million dollars
 You'll sell for a 5x or a 10x multiple whatever it is right?
 I don't know but like that's what he explained. I'm like, okay
 He's like so right now like you say your company's making three million dollars like best case you're gonna get 3x
 And it's probably closer to 3x net, but anyway anyway regardless
 He said so what I do is like I find three or four companies that are each doing three million dollars a year and they're each
 You know valued at 3x. Let's say he's like and I buy all four of them or all three of them
 Let's say let's say it's four companies at three million each bundle them together now
 He said now because the revenue of this new company is now 12 million dollars
 He's like I can sell that
 See I bought it for 3x, but I can sell it now for 6x or for 10x or whatever it is
 It's like that's all I do. I just find a market. I want to be in I find three companies that are they're selling it 3x
 I buy all three of them
 I bundle them together and now they're worth 5x or 6x or whatever it is and I flip them and you think that's my business
 He's like so I have these entrepreneurs like you guys who are geniuses who start launching these businesses
 And I just come in as the acquisition guy
 I acquired three or four of you bundling me together and then your value goes up because of
 How much more you're worth and that's that was his business and I was like oh my gosh
 This is crazy and so it's been interesting
 Over the last 12 months or so we've been with quick fun
 I was like trying to understand like what are our evaluations? How do things work like what are we actually worth?
 You know my head will work like 10 billion, but we're probably not in real life
 And so it's interesting because you know there's and there anyway
 The valuation game is annoying me because there's tons of ways like some companies evaluate off top line
 Some are just off the e-bit us some are off or whatever, but
 Let's just say for
 For example, let's just say
 Clickfunnels is worth 10x our e-bita, right?
 And I don't even know what that is. Let's say it's 50 million dollars
 So that means 50 million times 10 would be worth half a billion, right?
 And so bias the aquariums company. Let's say that company has
 I don't know 20 million dollars e-bita, right? So we
 Mess these numbers in my head, but regardless. Let's say we spend
 We spend
 I don't know 20 30 40 50 million dollars on this company. We buy it, right?
 And we plug it in but then the e-bita let's say let's say the e-bit that they had is worth 20 million dollars, right?
 We plug that into our thing it increases our e-bita 20 million dollars times the 10x valuation is 200 million
 So maybe we spend you know whatever 40 50 million dollars buying this thing
 But the value instantly that's for a company is a hundred million or 200 million or whatever it is right?
 So instantly just by bundling the two companies together our value goes up way more than what we actually spend for it
 So like that's like the first thing
 It's really really interesting that I had never considered that we started doing this deal, right?
 It's like oh my gosh
 Even if like we never make our money back the value of our company
 Dramatically goes up because we're adding all their revenues and their profits to our bottom line
 Which is like fascinating and then from there
 We also get the customer flow and the leaf flow and the cash flow and like all the other things that they come with with building a
 Company or buying a company as well, and it's just the synergy is really really interesting and so
 Anyway, so that was this again our first acquisition is and now we're finishing the process
 We literally finished it today, which is crazy. You got me excited start thinking like okay
 What other deals like this are there where we can buy a company for X amount dollars?
 We plug it into our our beast your machine and it instantly, you know, whatever
 X is the value of our company
 But then also get the lead flow customer flow cash flow all other things as well it come it kind of come in and it's really interesting and fascinating
 so anyway
 just a different way to look at business that I wanted to kind of share with you guys because
 I've already had a lot of people like why are you buying a business?
 Why would you do that?
 Why would you you know, you know all the things that kind of come with that and I want to show it because it's just a different perspective
 I hadn't thought a lot about prior 10 years ago when I met my merger and acquisition guy
 And so I would look that for you guys own businesses as well
 I think about because there is there a business that in your market that you could you could acquire that you could bundle together
 Also now you get more customers you get more traffic, but also you're adding to your cash flow, right?
 Like you buy its company doubles your cash flow and now it increases the value of your company because now you're in different
 You know a different
 Bracket of of what businesses are selling for trading for that number and then you know it kind of goes from there
 So anyway, it's an interesting game. It's a different game that I'm used to playing
 You know, I'm much more comfortable in the whole like let's build a company and grow it and scale it
 Through paid ads and organically without taking on any VC money
 That's the world I understand and this new one of like merger and acquisition is just fascinating to me
 Because it's gonna get us to our goals way faster, you know, my goal
 You know, we talked about a lot my goal a billion dollar valuation
 My goals, you know take over the world change the world all these different things, right?
 And it's just getting us there faster. Hopefully. I mean honestly
 I'm like 30 minutes into owning this new company and I have no idea. Maybe it'll actually turn out really bad
 Maybe things fall apart. I don't know we're gonna find out, but I'm hopeful. I'm excited
 I think it's gonna be a really cool opportunity
 And so as we move forward I will show share with you guys on the podcast here behind the scenes of what we're doing
 When I'm able to talk more about the companies and how they're synergistic and how we're using the their leave flow and how we're using
 They're funnels that we're acquiring and how we're using us in the back end and how we're
 Just all the the other fun things
 Honestly in my head a lot of it's not vague
 I got no vision where I'm going with things
 But we're gonna be actually executing on it and I'll be sharing the vision with my team and with
 Everybody over the next little bit and it's exciting
 So anyway, it's a fun a fun time to be alive. Some of the fun things happening. I hope you guys
 This episode just gets you thinking a little bit differently
 Who could you acquire and if not acquiring there's also like licensing?
 There's three or four deals right now where we're going to existing companies
 I have really good content or software things and instead of acquiring them full out because maybe they don't have the customers
 Or maybe they don't have the lead floor. Maybe whatever
 There's a million reasons why instead of we're just doing licensing deals where we're licensing the technology and plugging it in
 Then we can start selling it we're licensing their intellectual property. We're licensing things like there's there's a lot more fun ways to
 Grow businesses than just the the traditional stuff. So
 Anyway, I'm curious if you guys if you guys interested you guys like we should want more information about us buying companies
 You like more information about licensing like what would be the things that you guys would want me to go deeper on?
 I'd love to hear let me know the best way to actually take a snapshot of this podcast episode post on Instagram or Facebook and tag me in it and then
 Post yeah in the comments like what else you'd like to know like what would be the other things that you'd love to hear more about?
 So anyway, hope that helps
 I'm gonna go bounce and have some lunch and celebrate the acquisition of our new company. I'm so excited
 I just want to celebrate that deal with you guys right now
 and
 Help you understand a little bit reasons why and like I said over the next few months now that you know about it
 I can give you more you know gives you now you have context
 I can share more the insights details and other cool stuff as well. So that's it. Thanks so much and we'll talk to you guys all again soon. Bye everybody
 Hey everybody, this Russell again and really quick
 I just opened up a texting community
 Which means you can text me your questions and right now I'm spending anywhere between 10 and 30 minutes every single day
 answering questions
 Through text message to people who are on the podcast and so I wanted you to stop everything you're doing pull your phone out and actually text me a message
 Okay, and the phone over in your text is
 208-231-3797 once again, it's 208-231-3797 when you text me
 Just say hello and then what's gonna happen is I'll add you to my phone and then it'll send you back a message where you can add me to
 Your phone and then we start having conversations on top of that through this text and communities where I'm gonna be giving out free swag
 Give me away free copies of my book. I'll let you know about book signings about times
 I'm coming to your local area and a whole bunch more
 So I want to make sure you were on this list on top of that every single day
 I'm sending out my favorite quotes my favorite frameworks and things you can get for free only through my texting platform
 So what you need right now is play your phone and text me at area code 208-231-3797 one more time
 That's 208-231-3797. I can't wait to hear from you right now
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
