 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing speakers podcast today's episode is streaming to you for
 From beautiful Puerto Rico where I'm taking a much-needed vacation slash mastermind retreat and break after fun hiking live
 But I wanted to do a couple special episodes while I'm out of pocket out of the country
 I think I'm technically still in the country, but you know what I mean out of the
 Out of the the states
 To share the as some of the highlights and fun liking live
 I would say I'm not gonna post all of the audio from all the presentations here
 But there are some key ones that I really did want to share with you guys so
 In fact from my keynote presentation from the opening day, which I'm really proud of that want to get into the mindset of all of our funnel hackers
 I'm gonna share the edge right now. So the next probably three or four episodes will be parts of my funnel hacking my presentations
 But this first one when I kicked off the the presentation
 I wanted to talk for a little bit about what a funnel hacker is like what makes you a funnel hacker
 In fact, we gave everybody at the event at funnel hacking my t-shirts and on the front said entrepreneur by choice
 The funnel hacker by birth. So what is a funnel hacker?
 Excuse me flip that around
 Entrepreneur by birth funnel hacker by choice. That makes way more sense
 So, you know, you're born as an entrepreneur, but you chose to be a funnel hacker
 So what does it actually mean? What did you choose to be part of like?
 Why do you listen to me? Why do you come to our events?
 Why do you use click fun?
 It's like what is difference between a typical traditional entrepreneur and a funnel hacker and that was kind of this that my
 opening
 Kind of kicked off the event. So
 I'm gonna have my brother grab that part of the audio and post it here for you guys listen to and hopefully it helps you guys
 To understand a little more about the community about who you are why you are here
 Why you're different why a funnel hackers different from a traditional entrepreneur and why that matters?
 So that's that I'm a cute but theme song we come back
 You guys have chance to listen to part of my keynote presentation from funnel hacking when I have 2020
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 We gave everybody who came today last night or today when you guys register
 We gave you guys all a t-shirt and the quote on the front of the t-shirt
 It says entrepreneur by birth entrepreneur by birth and funnel hacker by choice and this is something
 It was interesting. I was actually at a wrestling tournament with my kids and and I was watching my kids
 I was coaching and I saw somebody had a shirt on that said it said athlete by choice
 Excuse me athlete by birth and wrestler by choice
 I remember seeing that I was like oh my gosh like that called to me and I started thinking about it in this context
 I said you know all of all the people that come to funnel hacking live their entrepreneurs, right?
 You guys were all born that way and I'm curious
 For each of you like when was it in your life that you were seeing there and you realized that you were a little bit different
 I mean
 The last tell me I'm in the right room good
 Do you remember the like the first time you're seeing there and you're like I think I'm different
 I think differently than all the people sitting around me in the classroom you guys remember that that that moment
 I remember sitting in class in elementary school
 I'd be sitting there the teacher be talking I was like I don't understand what they're saying
 I look outside and see the kids on the playground
 I was like I just want to go out there and create and do stuff
 I'd be fidgety in my seat and it's hard to pay attention and and I struggled
 I struggled through school with a lot of entrepreneurs doom
 and I
 Remember all through junior high all through high school even through college thinking I was dumb
 If people ever asked me like hey, what are you studying?
 I'm like oh, I just study wrestling like I don't care about school and the reason why I always had that response is because I
 Was not I was dumb. I just assumed that I was because I couldn't understand teacher saying I couldn't memorize the things
 They were telling me and then regurgitate them and again
 I struggle on tests and all those things were really hard for me
 And it wasn't until towards the end of my college when I started learning about this world that entrepreneurship about what was possible
 And it was like the most exciting thing in the world man
 I'm sure same way for a lot of you guys
 Especially some of you guys who were newer who were just kind of like starting to learn about business and starting to to feel that
 Excitement in that joy and remember sitting there listening to
 Some some people that I met who were starting businesses and I hear them talk about it and every single minute
 It was like I was like Christmas. It was so exciting and I remember that as I would start learning things
 Because even even up to college. I didn't think I was a reader
 I didn't really like reading but I think it was because most of the books I read weren't interesting to me
 But I still remember the very first time I read a book it was a business book and I learned a principal
 I was like that's interesting. I took that principal and I applied it to my business and I saw my business grow I
 Was like oh my gosh like that is the most exciting thing where I learned something
 I applied it and I made more money and I was like I want to learn something else
 I read another book and I'm like there's three cool things
 Let me try that I try this this and this I tried it and my business grew
 I was like this is the most exciting thing in the world
 This is like a treasure hunt every single day and I got into reading and studying and learning and going to events
 Because I was looking for everyone these little gold nuggets I could get that could apply to what I was doing to help
 What I was doing grow and that's what I was I wasn't dumb
 I was just I was not interested in the same things other people were I was interested by growth by business
 It was the most exciting thing in the world for me
 I think for a lot of you guys if you're here in this room you're probably the same way am I right?
 Okay
 You guys were born as entrepreneurs, but you're here today because of a choice you made
 Okay, a lot of people hear the entrepreneurial call the call the contributions Alex
 As Alex Charfen calls it we hear the call the contribution
 We know that we want to do something want to crazy
 They want to give we want to serve right but a lot of people don't listen that they ignore it and they forget about it
 But the fact that you guys are here in this room means you heard the call and then you made a choice
 You said look I I'm gonna do something about it. I'm gonna start a business. I'm gonna take this idea
 I'm gonna take this thing. I'm gonna create it. I'm gonna do something different and so while you're entrepreneur at birth
 You are a funnel hacker by choice. That's why you guys are here with us today
 We've got almost 5,000 funnel hackers in this room, which is insane so excited to be here with you guys
 So the question then is like well, what in the world is a funnel hacker?
 We got funnel hackers from all around the world. These are some of the kids in Kenya. We built schools with we bought them all
 Funnel hacker t-shirts last time we came out. We got funnel hackers everywhere
 So what is a funnel hacker? Okay outside of like this world people don't know what that means, right?
 So I'm gonna kind of define what it means to me and hopefully what it means to you as well
 We recently made a new manifesto. I'm gonna kind of go through this. This is the funnel hacker manifesto
 I believe it's on the back of your guys's programs as well
 So we're gonna talk about I'm gonna kind of break this down piece by piece
 So the first thing here is that the funnel hacker is a new breed of entrepreneur. They're smarter leaner faster and free
 What's interesting about this community that's different than any other event you come to is in this bit like
 Everyone is coming here with their own businesses, right?
 We don't put people into business. This is not a business opportunity
 What this is is you guys all have businesses we got businesses from every every range of the spectrum people that have
 There's dentists. There's chiropractors. There's people with a lot of like six surgeons
 There's people that sell courses. There's people that do coaching people to the live events
 There's there's every kind of business you can dream of physical products people do in franchise this like it is insane
 How many businesses come into this world?
 The click funnels is not something that creates businesses. That's not what we do
 What we do is we are a tool and a training platform to help your business go faster
 Okay, that's what we do and so
 As a funnel hacker when you come into this world and say our goal our mission is to help you take whatever it is
 You've already got that's your just business your job and our job is to help you to amplify it to make it go faster
 Okay, that's the mission we have as we stress about all the time
 How do we do that? How do we make it so the entrepreneurs can move faster and faster and faster and faster and so as I was going through it's like well
 Entrepreneur funnel hackers new breed entrepreneur like what does that actually mean?
 I started thinking about it
 The funnel hackers the people that are in this room. They're not people are like, oh, yeah, I've got a business
 right, how many you guys
 Understand that you don't just have a business, but you are insanely passionate about your business
 The thing that makes you different than a typical entrepreneur typical business owners that you are obsessed with your thing
 Everyone of you guys have your own thing right you have your own business whatever it is you do and you're obsessed with it
 You want to be the best in the world at it?
 Okay, the dentist or the chiropractor or the the small business owner who's not obsessed is not here
 They're home doing the thing
 Okay, you guys are here because you are obsessed with you want to do more
 Okay, you're assessing the thing you look at your thing is your art
 Okay, and so me as went to school for your art some of you guys have figured up have learned on your own
 But it's your art. How many of us feel like what you do your business is your art?
 Yes, I
 Feel the same way that our businesses are art. This is our crisis
 What we're doing is we're giving such a huge percentage of our life to if we don't believe in it that much
 Then we're in trouble. So the first thing is that
 Funnel hackers are obsessed with their thing and the second thing and this is what really differentiates you guys is that you are also not only obsessed
 With your thing you're more obsessed with the marketing of your thing
 Okay, you understand that no matter how amazing your art is if nobody sees it and what good is it?
 It hasn't helped anybody hasn't changed anybody's life
 It's because of that you come here to learn how to market your art
 Okay, I can't make you guys better at what you do, but I can make you better at getting your word out about what you do
 Okay, and that's what's different. That's what we do here. Okay, that's first step number two a funnel hacker believes that their business is the calling
 How many guys like your business is the calling?
 Okay a funnel hacker believes in their products their services and the messages they share have the ability to change the lives of the people that
 They've been called to serve
 I'll tell you guys a personal story about a business owner an entrepreneur somebody
 Who believe this? This is a picture of my beautiful wife Collette. Let's give a but a huge round of applause
 There she is
 I don't know how I convinced her to marry me which was the most amazing thing that ever happened in my life
 What if we can move this table a little closer sorry you know the jump back to the back
 This is my wife Collette who I'm grateful that she is here and
 This is one of my favorite things like life
 She comes every year and it's just like it's fun to see here in this environment
 So make sure you guys all get selfies with her she hates it and it'll be awesome
 Just mess it so after Clinton I got married this summer. We're celebrating an 18 year anniversary, which is amazing. Thank you
 Can you imagine me married to me it would be a nightmare I don't know how she's done it
 but a couple years after we got married we decided that we wanted to start a family and we're so excited about starting family and
 went through the process and after about
 Yeah
 I'm so sorry that
 Where are we
 This is day one what's gonna be happening by the time we're done anyway
 We try to get pregnant and unfortunately we weren't able to and we tried for a year year and a half and
 Starting at point where we were really really scared like what in the world are we gonna do like?
 The whole life talk about like growing up finding your wife getting married having kids like that's that's the plan
 That's the process and we found out we weren't able to kids were sort of freaking out like what are we gonna do then?
 What's the what's the purpose why we even hear and it's a scary thing?
 I know that a lot of you guys have had gone through this process some guys are probably in it right now
 And you feel the pain of it and I don't make a lie to that all I remember what it felt like
 I remember the pain that we were going through as a couple
 Especially as all the people that we knew around us we loved were having kids and it was just like we were so excited for them on one hand on the other hand
 it like broke our heart every single time and
 We didn't know what to do and we were trying all the things and we were you know
 reading the books and reading the online articles and all the things trying to figure out what to do and nothing was working and
 Then I remember I was driving to the office one day
 Alright, maybe I said the office and collect called me. She's like
 Guess who's on Oprah right now? I'm like I have no idea. She's like there's this fertility doctor who's on Oprah right now talking about
 How they help people get pregnant? I'm like, oh, it's awesome. Like how does it work?
 And said no, no you understand it's the doctor lives in Boise, Idaho
 I was like what like this where we live right and she's the doctors and boys
 I don't like are you serious like calm right now like this let's go let's do this thing
 Let's figure it out to change up the phone
 She calls the doctor two days later. We're in the doctor sitting in the office and
 Talking face-to-face to the doctor we start saying okay
 Well, how does this work?
 And they gave us some shots and some pills and some things and month number one went through the process try to get pregnant and you go back for the test and
 Nothing happened right? Oh
 It's okay. It's okay. Sometimes I take sometimes take a couple months
 Let's come back next month and try again come back to next month to go through the process. We try again
 Nothing happens. No, we try getting discouraged like I really want to do this again. There's expensive
 You put all your energy and your excitement is a thing and then when it when it doesn't happen, it's it's hard
 We decided to start one more time went back to third time went through the process
 I remember it was during my senior year
 I was with a pack ten wrestling tournaments and glad to give herself shots in the stomach every single day and it was just like this scary
 Just scary thing went through the process that month the month comes the end we go in to take do a test
 We go back home and it also happened to the same day
 It was my graduation and we had my parents were driving up from Salt Lake class parents are driving up from from from Burley, Idaho
 Way for them to show up and about five minutes for the show up to phone rings. I pick it up and
 It was the the assistant to the doctor and she said hey just want to let you guys know
 You're pregnant
 And I look at a cloud. I'm like pregnant
 She's like those no way and we start crying or bawling our eyes out
 And all some both sets of parents pull up in the driveway the exact same time and she looks at me
 She's like you can't tell anybody I'm like what
 Got tears streaming down our faces. We're trying to like act all cool and they all come in the Guinness Hill hugs
 We're talking we're looking at him in words like both crying there was like looking at us like what is going on?
 And then I look at Collette. She looks back at me. She's like okay. You can tell them I was like we're pregnant
 We start freaking out and it was amazing a couple weeks later. We went in to get the ultrasound
 I pulled out a magazine waiting for them to start and also and I heard her
 I heard the doctor say there's two of them in here. I said when you start it
 I look up and on the screen you see this
 I was like what?
 Two kids we have no kids. That's a lot of kids
 man
 And that's where it all started 14 years ago the twins. This is down and bone
 Down's baby a bones baby B. They were born 14 years ago now 14 years later. This is what our amazing cute little family looks like
 And I shared that story with you guys because
 For this doctor what they did was not a big deal they went to school they learned the thing here's the drugs
 Here's the process here's how it works
 But that doctor that entrepreneur that person believed so much what they did they went out there and tried to get the message out about their art
 Do you think it was easy to get an Oprah?
 No, I tried for like six years before she canceled her show. It is not easy on Oprah, okay?
 Whenever that doctor did they did something they went out there. He said I believe my art so much
 I believe it can change people's life so much
 I'm gonna do whatever it takes to get on Oprah and because that doctor put forth the sacrifice and learn how to market their art
 They got on Oprah glad I chance to see it and my life was changed forever
 Every good thing in my life happened because there's an entrepreneur who took a risk who did something that didn't make a lot of sense to put
 Theirselves out there to change everything for somebody else
 The thing that makes us entrepreneurs weird while the majority of the world is trying to like get rid of responsibility
 Entrepreneurs look at something and say that is a problem. That's my problem. It's not my responsibility
 I'm gonna take it. I'm gonna figure out a way to solve this problem
 That's what makes entrepreneurs different
 so
 When you guys understand that right now you may be here at different points in your business
 So you guys are at a high spot in your green growth mode having fun
 So you guys are the beginner mode you're struggling to me as you're in between
 We understand when you really look at this and look my business is that calling I've been called from someone higher something higher
 It's calling me to do this. I'm here placed on this earth to serve other people when you look at it through that lens
 Everything else becomes easier
 Okay, when you look at like I'm trying to figure out to make more money for myself business becomes harder
 You look at from this lens life becomes so much easier
 There's no way I would have 5,000 people in Nashville, Tennessee in January here if I was trying to make a bunch of money on this
 Okay, I believe my message so much
 That's why you keep talking about it over and over and over and over and over again
 So I were consistent with it. That's why you guys are here today. Okay, number three a funnel hackers and control of their destiny
 They start without a safety net venture capital is a four-letter word bootstrapped is their middle name
 Funnel hackers they define their own destiny the crates are on luck they build their empires and they change the world
 You know as we have I've told you guys destroyed a lot of times as we've been growing click funnels and looking at you know
 What the next phase next step is people always come to say how in the world did you grow click funnels without any money?
 It makes no logical sense. I say well, it's the principles we teach all the funnel hackers
 Okay, we use funnels we practice what we preach we drink our own Kool-Aid
 Okay, we build funnels that grow our companies companies profitably
 Okay, and that's the power and gives you guys so much freedom that you only understand
 And so that is our manifesto again on the back of it ends with I'm a funnel hacker and I'm just one funnel away
 I got one more thing I want to talk about before kind of transition and
 this is something that
 We're gonna be pushing a lot over the next 12 months
 In the side of this entrepreneurial world
 I think that the message that some of you have been hearing over and over again is wrong the message of we need a hustle hustle hustle
 Hustle the message of all these different things are coming out there
 I don't think that's the message of entrepreneurship not true entrepreneurship the message of true entrepreneurship is this
 It's how do we over deliver and this isn't just in your business. This isn't all aspects of your life, okay?
 It's interesting. I did a I did a podcast about this a little while ago and I talked about how
 Somebody asked me to do something. I was like, oh, yeah, I can do that for you
 I'm sure I'll try that and I stopped for a second
 I was like what kind of response is that?
 If I boss can't even like hey, can you just like oh sure I'll try it out?
 Like that's not the right response
 I want somebody come to me and if I say hey, can you do this for me to say you know what not only can I
 Like I can do that. I know I can deliver on actually not look I deliver on that. I'm gonna over deliver on that
 Okay, and this is the thing I want us all to get in all aspects of our life
 Okay in our relationships with our family like you showing up and you're like, oh, I'm doing the thing
 I'm doing the motions or you come in saying how in this situation with my wife with my kids with my spouse with my
 Whatever it is for you. How do I over deliver in this situation? How do you over delivering your business relationship?
 How do you over delivering your businesses?
 Okay, as you start thinking about that over and over and over again, it's gonna change everything for you
 How many guys we got here to Nashville and you saw the little mini city we built here and you saw the swag you got and the shirts and
 The bags and all the stuff you're like, oh my gosh. Click fun was over delivered. How do you guys felt that as you came here today?
 Our goal is to do that in every single interaction, okay?
 We talked about with our staff like every interaction with someone it's not like I'm gonna do the thing
 I'm gonna deliver I'm gonna yeah, I'll get it done. It's like no no no
 I don't want people to get things done. I don't want people to deliver on things
 I want everybody to over deliver and this is our message from the for the next year is how do we over deliver in all situations
 She is okay if we over deliver this week for you. Let's get that
 All right
 Okay, so that's what I mean by say that you're an entrepreneur at birth
 But because you are here you guys are funnel hackers by choice. That's what it means to be a funnel hacker
 Hey everybody, this is Russell again and really quick. I wanted to invite you to join
 Arguably the best thing that we've ever put out inside the ClickFunnels community and it is a challenge
 We call the one funnel way challenge, you know everyone in their business in their life
 They're one funnel away from something some of you guys are one funnel away from quitting your job
 Some of you guys are one funnel way from getting more impacts and you guys are fun away from growing your company to the next level
 And so we created this challenge to help you to create and launch your first or your next funnel
 No matter where you are in your business. This challenge is gonna help you to help you understand this strategy
 Help you understand the tactics. Hope you understand all the things you need to be successful with your funnel
 So I recommend you do right now is stop everything pause the side
 Go online and go to one funnel way calm. That's one funnel way calm and join the next challenge
 There's a challenge starting in the next few days. So go get started right now one funnel way calm
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
