 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson and welcome to the marketing secrets podcast
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 [Music]
 Alright everybody hope you guys are awesome today. I am actually in the car
 Don't worry I'm safe. Don't yell at me. Oh Russell. You're gonna die for it. I got my phone out and so we're safe
 Just gonna be talking about me look at the camera unless I'm like gonna stop and I'll look at the camera, but
 Excited for today
 Hex head to a doctor's appointment. Let's hope I can find that. I'm a little late, but that's kind of
 typical for me, so
 Anyway a lot of fun stuff happening now and just wanted to share some some stuff because hopefully it'll help some of you guys
 Because I'm sure you guys are all going through some stuff right now as well
 So a couple things yesterday
 Yesterday I saw
 It's funny
 Somebody posted in one of our groups a message about
 They critiquing the webinar I did last week. So some context on the webinar. So this is a webinar that we had the idea on
 Tuesday
 I had write brand new slides from scratch on Tuesday
 So basically I'd like I
 All day Wednesday and half of day Thursday side of day and half to do all the slides like it would be like a hundred and sixty slides
 I
 Had to make a registration page where to promote it all the stuff like in under a 48 hour period of time
 so a lot of stuff happened right I can't wait as much about it, but
 When all of a sudden we launched it and we have like an 81 and a half percent opt-in rate after over 10,000 opt-ins
 Which is insane highest converting one I've ever had right?
 number two is
 We were selling similar offer, but we were kind of changing it some
 To our old funnel hacks were changing it we increased the price we changed the training a little bit so it's it's a similar offer
 But it's but it's different so a lot of stuff going
 Yes, we most of the people are listed for me do the webinar sign and then the main thing probably I know a hundred different times
 So I needed and wanted to make a new version
 So this and if this whole new thing that showed a bunch of stats analytics
 It's just a really cool thing right so we do the whole thing I put it together
 I literally as I am you know get ended up over 10,000 registered and
 I'm cranking out slides all the way to the point where the webinar starts
 It was three Eastern or three mountain time it started and I probably had 75 some my slides down that point
 So I had time to finish. I probably need another I don't three or four hours to actually get it done
 But I ran out time so literally as the clock hit three
 I'm like copying and pasting all my slides my old presentation of my new one because I have no time to actually finish it
 which is crazy right
 so then we started the webinar and and
 We're start going and you know
 I never use we've never had a webinar that had that many register
 So we use zoom instead of go to webinar which I was nervous about because I've always used good webinars like good old faithful
 We said try to try to zoom because zoom has the capacity to do
 I think three or five thousand people live plus you can stream into a Facebook
 So you need a Facebook library YouTube live things like that
 So I was like let's try it
 I don't scare you try something huge especially on something we have this many people registered for pause like you know
 let's just
 We keep talking about trying it and but we're scared it's not gonna work at scale
 But only to find out for skills if you just do it so right all right. Let's just do it. We're case scenario
 We lose millions of dollars, right?
 So we do it and so I start zoom and at first like it's all frozen up like it's not
 processing very well at all and I'm like
 And finally I'll get on people can hear me
 But I can't see two questions and like I'm gonna try to cover over the thing
 There's a little spinning circle and but people can hear me so I was like alright
 And we'd already click record and it's already streamed to Facebook
 So I'm like I just gotta go so I start in the presentation
 And like there's like 30 people in my office not 30. I'm exaggerating
 Probably eight people in the office like who are trying to get things set up where I get things working to talk me
 I'm trying to like don't talk
 I'm doing the webinar now and I'm stressing out and you know again slides aren't done in my head
 I'm like all mad about that and I haven't had a chance to go through the slides
 I've no idea if the transitions are working like all the stress of the moment like just insane
 So I started kind of going and man
 I totally like I'm fumbling as I start because I'm I'm
 I'm kind of overwhelmed because of the slides not working
 I'm overwhelmed because of just the stress of it all and
 And so the first by 15 minutes. I'm just like fumbling. I can't get like my rhythm. You know that fills you get the rhythm
 You're like it took me by 15 20 minutes right before I finally started getting the rhythm
 But then even with that because it was a new webinar like I didn't know super well
 Like where I was going like I kind of remember because I just created it
 But like I had never done it before so like I don't really know where I'm going. I'm trying to like do it all right
 And so anyway
 Do my best in you know the confines that somebody's not this weird thing where I just said he's crazy
 Confines for myself so we had probably a day and a half total time to
 No, actually excuse me. It was then almost it was the night before
 I started on slides at 4 p.m. The webinar's next day three so I had like 11
 I had 20 with the 24 hours total, but I just sleep in the middle there
 So I think we're up all that night till like two working on slides next morning came anyway
 So it was like less than 24 I period time to do all
 160 whatever slides
 For a new presentation I never done before and then give it live from all the people
 We end up having about 3500 people on live and I think we had
 11,000 to watch on Facebook, but that kind of ebbs and flows
 I think we had it on on hours is like 400 or 500 people on Facebook. So
 Yeah, it was crazy
 So do the webinar do the presentation do the pitch and it gets first under the pitch
 There's all sorts of confusion and questions and things coming up. I
 Didn't you know time to plan for because I was gonna pitch it this way, but I was using slides from my old presentation
 Like
 I didn't make any sense
 But then powerfully what I did is the night before I was trying to do this I
 Message I don't like 20 different people in my inner circle there's people that are killing click fun
 It's a different markets and industries like hey
 Can you guys jump on tomorrow for like an hour and just tell your click funnel story and they're like oh sure and like
 Amazingly these are they all show up so I know the webinar and then I'm trying to like do the interviews
 But like my computer's frozen up the zoom on my computer's frozen ups
 I can't like actually interview anyone I'm like we have all these amazing people who took an hour out of their life to like be here
 And I can't even communicate with them
 So it took us probably ten minutes to figure out my computer couldn't do it
 So we had switched the presenter to to mark computer on our team so then we're on his computer and so then we're
 Like so crazy so then we're I got to work
 So I'm doing the Q&A through his but then people can't see the screen
 so I'm like and so I'm trying to like do call actions throughout and like we don't see the countdown clock and it's just
 It was just kind of like it was all sorts of messed up right
 So many problems so many issues
 We're doing the live Q&A and that part it went for an hour
 But it was really good people's Q&A's were so good and I'm praying on but please let the zoom
 Recording stuff work cuz I we want I need to use these recording somewhere else
 Please like I want to use them again and luckily the recordings came out. So we do the webinar
 Finally ends it's like three and a half hours and start time till this point. I haven't slept literally
 More than a few hours last 24 hours and tired. I'm worn out. It was like a thousand degrees in my office
 because everyone was in there and like it's just done
 I'm soaking wet from sweating and I was like oh and like we finally end the whole thing
 We couldn't figure out that actually end it so like my don't talk guys cuz like like zooms frozen my computer
 we can't even end the event and
 Oh, it's just crazy finally we figured I like kick it off and end of the event
 It was like done
 It wasn't streaming my face for any more and that everyone starts like cheering and clapping and I was like did we sell any because I don't know
 What do you like?
 Who knows and so finally we get done and we look at sales and it was crazy
 The highest grossing webinar I've ever done today. I've done a couple of webinars in my
 In my decade and a half and this is a game now, right?
 So it was really good and obviously there were things that I
 Need to fix and want to fix and change and all that kind of stuff
 So I sent emails basically tell them when they the webinar replay crashed which is kind of true
 I do have a backup, but I was like I want to show it to everyone like I'll actually finish the slides and all kinds of stuff
 So this week actually two days. I'm gonna redo it again live for all these people
 Hopefully I'll have my act together and you know
 It's probably like not convert as well because I'm all polished now
 But I want to clean it up and just get all the things in my order my place
 If you the presentation right so doing again Thursday, but it was again highest often ever had highest grossing
 Web whenever I ever had like so many amazing things were so proud of ourselves all sorts of stuff and then yesterday
 I'm not really the office and I logged into Facebook just to check out what people are posting on the the book of faces and some
 Dude one of our coaching programs
 He posted this
 This long post about how my webinar is fugly and how he watched it how sick to stomach
 He got and I broke all my own rules and how it wasn't truly a blue ocean
 It was a improvement offer and and and then he had a 30-minute video critiquing everything in the video
 he's like you know to quote Russell he said this yeah, he blah blah blah blah blah and
 and
 And you know click for us. We know it's good, but it's not great anyway
 I'm like just for 30 minutes. This is a little again
 So he said somebody who paid me to coach them to teach them how to do webinars
 I want to put the context like he's in a coaching group specifically dedicated teaching people how to do a webinar right?
 In his comedy also I tried to join your circle by 24 to 25,000
 So he's someone who's trying to lose his painting good money to learn a webinars
 Does that have my money's bank account to pay for my coaching program?
 So instead what he decides to do is spend how many hours of his life?
 Critiquing my webinar and tell me why was the ugliest webinars ever seen and all the things I did wrong had broke my own rules and on and on and on
 all these kind of things and
 I read this I didn't watch the whole video because I was like so like just annoyed
 I was just like dumbfounded and I'm just like I don't even know how to respond like I don't even know
 Should I be angry should I be happy should be grateful should I be like like all these
 emotions right so I go through the whole like range of emotions for my piss like I'm gonna fly and kill him to like
 Thank you, maybe or like no like you know and all these things in between and and all I kept bringing through my head was the quote from Theodore Roosevelt
 And I'm driving right now, so I would read it for you, but it says something like this
 He says it's not the critic who counts is not the man in the arena who points out how the doer of good deeds has messed up
 It's the man who's in the arena whose faces
 Mard with dust and sweat and blood and tears
 Who maybe he fails, but at least he fails while daring greatly so that his position will never be
 with his cold and timid souls who knew neither victory nor defeat and
 That's my paraphrase of it
 Roosevelt said away cool to me, but you get the gist and so my response I just carved and I just copied out and I pasted it
 I said hey man here you go and and I posted it and then I left one other comment and I'm sure that it was missed by
 him and probably most people
 but
 What I said was if I just watched somebody
 Do a million dollars in an hour?
 The last thing I would do is critique them on what they could do better
 What I would do is I would zip my lips. I would take notes
 I
 Look back on the decade that I went through trying to learn this craft and this business and this
 You know and I was I was speaking at events every single weekend and I was I was
 Doing my presentation. I was watching the speakers and and I watched some speakers who were horrible
 But I'd watch their presentation and how they do and I was like wow
 No, I did that cool thing like that was awesome
 And I would take that piece and I would add it back to my thing
 I like snow so no it's like why that was cool
 I would just I would I never once looked at somebody's presentation in a critical route to try to figure out like the things
 They did wrong so I could so I could coach them through how to do it better
 I thought never crossed my mind in a billion infinity years
 No one thought the cross mind is like what is this person doing that I can use and like oh like the way they did that
 The way they made that transition the way they clove even people who who sucked who did not do any good
 I still was watching and paying attention and trying to figure out what were the nuggets for me and
 I think what I can't really comment exactly there's something to the point of just like next time someone does a million dollar
 I said no I said message me the next time you do a million dollars in an hour and
 And let me know because I want to watch that webinar and then I'm gonna take notes and not give you feedback
 Because that's like that's the thing so I just want to kind of put that out there because I
 Think a lot of times we get too smart for our own goods
 We're trying to critique people and it's like that's not your job like that's not your role if I
 If I can all honestly if I wanted your opinion I would have paid you for it, but I haven't
 Therefore don't give me your opinion. Listen you paid me
 Maybe I didn't do it perfect. Maybe I did an entire webinar in less than 24 hours
 Maybe there was a billion things happening at the time
 And yet in spite of all those things
 Like it was the highest grossing webinar of all time for us
 And so it's like it's like yeah, I know there were things wrong
 I'm fully aware so I'm redoing it this week because like I didn't even have a chance to finish my slides the last 40 slides
 I copy and patient from a different presentation because I ran out of time like yes
 I can critique myself too, but tell someone's paying you for your advice
 Don't don't give me your advice sit back and listen
 I've done a couple podcasts on recently like you as a student should be like you pick your mentor. So pick your mentor then stop
 Listen and then do they say don't be like hey? Well, you actually said this like dude. No, that's not that's not your role like stop
 listen, I say that
 At the same time that that I want to always be coachable and I and I feel like I'm a very coachable person
 I have multiple coaches working with me and different aspects of my life
 But the difference is that I paid those people for their advice because they are at a level a
 B.R.I.M.E. in that thing that I want to learn how to do and so I would never
 Sign up for who knows John Carlton's copywriting course and when I was in their critique his sales letters and tell him how to do better
 In a billion years. I would say dude. I'm paying you. It may be those things
 I might do different or things that might be better
 But I am listening because I paid you and paying attention. I'm trying to find the pieces of gold that I can then apply back to my thing and
 Yeah, so I hope for everybody else who is watching that
 You know it was an imperfect thing and hopefully first off that was inspiration to you to see wow Russell screwed a lot
 And it still made a bunch of money
 Maybe there's something here and second off. I hope you learned that you're watching
 I did an episode probably a year ago about like watching the magician's hand like I'm trying like I in my books and my podcast and these places
 I try to show I don't hold things back. I hope you see that
 I just like here's everything I try to give it to UC see it all
 Um, but then when I'm doing the thing like like watch
 And pay attention
 And listen like watch the magician's hands at work and see what they're trying to do and try to understand it
 Don't try to critique and beg oh
 Like no, that's not that's not that's not gonna help you or them
 um
 Watch and learn
 And that's uh, that's my message for today. So anyway, hope it helps. Hope you guys enjoyed this story
 It was a lot of fun. I'm excited with the webinar again on Thursday. Hopefully I'm screwed up by fixing it. So
 Anyway, that's it. I'm gonna let you guys go appreciate you all hope you have an amazing day go out there and change the world
 And I said if I knew webinar 24 hours, I'll give you guys at least 48 because I've done it a few times
 You have 48 hours to get your webinar done and launched
 We have a bunch of people gone through our two new two comical coaching
 Which is all about getting their webinar up and launch live and some people gone through the training
 We've done three cycles of another got through three cycles and seven launched the webinar. It's like just do it
 Russell what if the webinar software crashes? Yeah, I might get a crash too. I just did it
 What happens if it doesn't close right?
 Then just do it who cares then you just do it again if it doesn't close like just do it just go out there and just
 Just do it
 All right. I'm gonna go guys appreciate you all each for listening and I'll talk to you soon
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company?
 If so, then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes reality tv show at www.funnelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
