 What's up everybody this is Russell Brunson welcome back to the marketing seekers podcast it sounds kind of funny right now
 It's because I am in my sauna
 And there's a little bit of noise in here, but I thought now is a good time
 Is any to record its podcast hopefully before the temperature gets too hot that my phone dies
 But I want to share with you guys tomorrow. We're actually launching a brand new company
 I've been working on behind the scenes for the last 90 days or so and I want to tell you what I'm doing
 Why I'm doing it how I'm doing it the order I'm doing it and hopefully give you some insights on
 Whenever you're start up as you're working on right now
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take on venture capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question in this podcast will give you the answers
 My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing seekers
 All right, everybody so
 Tomorrow's an exciting day
 We've been working on this new idea for the last little while and the first phase of it's going live
 which is exciting and
 It's actually kind of fun
 Some of you guys saw our two comic club live event that we did
 Almost three months ago now and we did that event the very first time
 one of the things I decided to do is I said hey when we
 When people sign up for coaching at the end right we have our two comic club ex coaching program and say hey
 We guys joined two comic club ex I'm gonna not just tell you the theory of how to build a business
 But I'm actually gonna do it with you guys
 So I'm in the trenches and you're gonna see me doing it
 It's gonna be a brand new business that I'm not in currently new market new everything and and I'll show you what I would do
 In the order I would do it and yes can fall along and that's kind of the offer and
 Luckily for for me and for them a lot of people took us up on the offer and it's been fun the last
 Almost 90 days going through this process with them. What's cool is actually at the end of this month
 Depending when you're listening this we're doing two comic club live again. It'll be very similar to the last one a couple things
 A couple things different but for the most part
 It'll be a similar event because if like it's my foundational event
 It's the first thing that everyone needs to go through when they come into my world
 So if you are new to my world go through that event like it is something you should do in the first 90 days after you get to know me
 It's awesome you go to two comical blive.com and experience it
 I said the next live one is happening in this month
 But anyway, like I said last time we did it at the end
 Obviously we sell our coaching program and and I told people I was gonna build this new company so
 the only thing at the time was it was gonna be called understand.me and
 It was gonna be deal with personality profiling now
 I'm gonna give you guys a piece of right now
 I'm not gonna tell you everything because it's not all done. It hasn't been revealed to the world yet, but
 There is a software component that we're working on that really excited for there's a bunch of other things
 But even though I'm launching a software company the first phase is not launching the software
 This is so funny to me
 I get people all the time kind of me and they're e-commerce people and they want to know how to launch it
 And I start telling the the process I would go through and I know but we're selling physical products
 I would do this for us. I'm like you guys are missing the point
 If you want to scale the company big there's things you do before you launch the product
 Cindy if you're doing software if you're doing whatever
 If you're hard if I was doing supplements like no matter what business I would go in there's foundational stuff
 I would do first all the businesses that didn't do the foundational stuff. I always capped it by self about one one to three million
 Dollars a year. I can never get past that ceiling
 And so the companies I've grown to ten not ten figures a year
 to
 eight figures a year nine figures a year
 All were built on a more solid foundation so this first 90 days coaching program and what we've done so far has been foundational
 So you may be asking well, what are the foundational things?
 We're also doing the first 90 days of the business
 So let me tell you and those who are in the two comic club ex coaching program
 They have seen in depth every week. I give them a whole new module which each module is like its own training course
 It's not for the light of heart. We call it the 1% crazies because you got to be intense to even be part of this group
 So each week I give them a brand new module, which is like an entire course
 They have to go through it to implement it. They do the things and it's awesome. So
 Anywho, so that's kind of the that's kind of what's been happening. So
 I'm just gonna give you guys kind of obviously a lighter version X
 I can't go into you know 30 hours of audio on this one podcast, but I want to give you guys kind of a glimpse
 So the first thing that I made everyone do
 Is build up the German hundred list that was phase number one week number one people like but I'm not trying to get traffic yet
 I'm like this has nothing to do with traffic. This has to do with you figuring out ecosystem
 You were trying to build a business and who's already there? Who are the players? What are they doing?
 What's your unique advantage? Was everybody else's unique advantage like what does that look like?
 It's the first week we built out everyone stream 100 page their 100 list stream 100 list in Trello, which is really fun
 From there. I said okay the next world now. You kind of seen the marketplace. You understand the players and the people number two is
 You start publishing and we made everybody start either a YouTube channel or Facebook live
 So it's a kind of video or a podcast or blog we get an intense training on all three
 Which everyone they want to start but they have picked one platform to publish on and some right
 But I don't want to publish. I'm selling I'm selling physical products. I'm selling supplements like it doesn't matter
 You still got to publish. I don't care what business you're in publishing is the key to winning this game long term
 So I made them all start publishing
 And then as I start publishing it's the next phase is when you start building relationships
 I want you start asking some people of the stream 100 to be on your podcast asking to interview you go interview and get to know a couple people
 So they started doing that and started building some relationships
 Okay, so I said okay now without publishing platform or continue publishing is now that we have it in place
 We make they build a consistent schedule. It's three times a week. It's one suite. Whatever you're able to do it
 Every day just pick a consistent schedule and you cannot deviate from that you have to keep it happening, right?
 That's the next phase of the process now. They're they've launched a show and they're consistently publishing
 Okay, now the next phase for me is I started the bottom the value ladder if you've read the new updated.com secrets book
 You know there's four tiers in the value ladder and the first tier
 We use funnels that are lead funnels right you get leads in and secondary of unboxing funnels and webinar funnels and phone funnels, right?
 But the bottom tier is lead funnels. I said there's a lot of lead funnels you can do and
 You know you can just go build a lead magnet launch
 Which is a good strategy
 But I would want to recommend everyone this coaching program specifically to do
 Is I want to challenge everyone to do with summit funnel and so many people are getting resistance like I don't want to do summit funnel
 I sell this I sell this I said this is not about what you sell
 This is about a couple things number one. It's about building relationships with your dream
 Partners, right? Who are your dream 100?
 A summit is the best way to get to know them to interview and to find out who they are to to get to know them to get face time with them
 Right? So you're building relationships with your dream
 Partners number two is you have a chance to interview them and sharpen your own saw become better what you're doing understand
 um such a deeper level. So that was the second phase
 um
 is uh getting people all to do their their summit and um
 And uh, so there's kind of a fork in the road or they could go and they could just do our list
 But the secret training thing once you or they could go deep into um
 Into this into summit and I kind of uh proposed every little summit and so for us
 Uh in this little new startup we have understand I made the first thing we did we launched a podcast
 So if you search for um understanding personality podcasts, you'll go and you'll find Mike and Andy there
 They are the gurus for this uh this new business. I'm not the face of it
 They are and they've launched this podcast. They've been very consistent putting out episodes
 And then I made them go and do the summit and it was so funny how nervous they were to go
 Call people and set up the interviews and do the things
 Um and after they did the first interview they're like, oh my gosh. That was so fun
 I see why you want us to do this russ like I know that person like I call them were friends
 Like we got to know each other. I think it's heckling and they'd be the next person the next
 By the time they were done I could see like this thing this like fear
 In their in their eyes when they first started it has transformed into faith of like I understand
 I got to know the people the players in my market who are making money who have podcasts who have books who have
 These things I've interviewed my get to know them like I've relationships with these amazing people now
 And uh, it built it helped and shift from this fear-based thing to faith
 Uh like this is amazing
 And so it's been so fun as we've been putting the funnel together and getting it all together and tonight
 They're sending emails to all the speakers saying it's launching tomorrow
 Here's the links if you'll promote it and getting all excited and it's just fun seeing
 Seeing seeing this project come to fruition. So this is the first phase
 and uh
 And uh, we're launching it and hopefully in the next
 If 17 days is the pro as the launch and then afterwards, uh, then some it starts happening people start getting the interviews
 And that'll be phase one of the business and um, what we have at the end phase one now is
 A couple of things we have
 Somebody who's the face of our company publishing consistently and that that publishing channel will grow over time
 Okay publishing is one of those hard things that always starts slow
 Um, it's not like the big product launch you make a million dollars overnight
 Uh, it's one of the things where if you publish consistently for a year it transforms your business forever
 So the publishing is in place. It's consistently happening at number one number two now. We have leads coming in
 Right leads are coming in and we have relationships for our dream 100 like that is the foundation
 That's the foundation of the business. Now. I've got something amazing. I can build on I've got partners
 I've got a subscriber base and I have people who know I am I have a uh,
 A voice in the market where i'm publishing in my own unique ideas. I'm feeling the pulse of the market
 What are they interested in when they're not interested in what gets them excited what what things are born?
 What things are exciting to us? Where do we fit this different than everybody else?
 Like all these things start coming to your head and all these answers start coming in
 as you figure out this first phase of publishing and so
 Um, that really you guys is what we've done the first 90 days
 And like I said it launches the summit launches tomorrow which you guys will have launched by time you just give this if you want to go
 But if you want to go see if you go to understand.me you can you can i'm sure they'll be linked to it there
 You can go in and register to see the summit, but again, that's that was the foundation of business
 Now the first 90s are over
 Inside the two common club ex coaching program industry phases. There's ignite and the nail and the scale
 So this first phase was like night. It's all the foundational things you need to have to be able to grow long-term and consistently
 Um, and again, I told you guys the things right publishing
 The building relationship to your partners and building a following building a list of subscribers
 All these things happen in the big night phase and now we transition over to the coaching program to phase two
 Which is now called nail it. This is where we started going up the value ladder to um
 To our funnels. We feel which funnel we're going to create. We're going to nail it
 We're going to get traffic to it when they get it working converting and then from there they transition third phase of the coaching
 Which is called scaling scale it so ignite nail it scale it and that's where we start scaling is offers
 And so um, anyway, but i'm excited because the first 90 days is officially
 Almost over and the funnel is launching on our side and so many people inside of our group
 I've watched as there's someone said launch some of killed it some of like the insane amounts of me some mean almost no money
 But they have their first couple hundred subscribers like everyone's the different spots, but it's just it's it's exciting
 So anyway, I want to share with you guys because I know so many times have lasted a rest
 So if you were starting business over from scratch, what would you do?
 And so this is the practical application you are saying exactly what i'm doing
 I'm showing everything to the two comic club x coaching students and like let in see behind the credit
 What's happening and why and then they're just modeling it?
 Giving all the resources to share funnels the templates everything i'm doing so it's like oh I can just do the same thing
 It's like yeah, that's what i'm going to do. I'm I have a couple new business that i'm going to launch over the next couple
 Years and all of them will start with the same foundational methods. So I hope that helps
 um
 And again, if you haven't
 Come to two comic club live I recommend coming against the end of the sharefield to comacloblive.com to spell that t w
 Two comic club live.com registers a three-day event
 That I do live from our offices here in Boise and you don't have to pay
 You can pay basically sign up and pay for the ticket afterwards if you like it, which is kind of cool
 And then if you're interested in joining the two comic club x coaching program
 Only way to do that is from within either two comic alive event or fun hiking live event
 So I recommend if you want to do the next 90 days with us
 after the
 After the um after the event goes live
 We will open the doors again for usually 24 hours and then we'll let the next group of people in and we'll take them through the
 Ignite and I did a process. So if you want to do this with me and with us, please make sure to take advantage of that
 Uh, just go to two comic club live.com register for live vint and then during the live event take me up on the two comic club x
 um coaching package. Anyway, I appreciate you guys hopefully gives you some ideas for foundation
 And uh, with that said it is like 150 degrees in the sauna my phone's going to die any second now
 I'm going to leave appreciate you all thanks for listening and uh, I will see you guys all the two comic club live event coming up here very recently. Bye everybody
 We have decided to do it again. Yes earlier this year. We did our first ever virtual conference called two comic club live
 We have over 5 000 people register for this online event and the success stories from those who attended have been amazing
 So because of that we've decided to do the virtual event just one more time
 And I want to invite you and your family to attend for free. This is how it works first
 You can get your ticket at ww.2 comic club live.com
 You're going to put in your credit card, but we're not going to charge you anything
 Then you can attend the full three days and learn everything you can for me and from other two comic club winners
 And then after the event decide if it's worth it if it's not let us know and you won't pay anything
 But if you love it and i'm sure you will then you'll get built after the event is over
 The goal of this event is to build your own personal roadmap to the two comic club
 So go and get your tickets right now before they are gone go to ww.2 comic club live.com
 Yes, that's ww.t w o c o m m a c l u b l i v e.com two comic club live.com
 (upbeat music)
