 Hey, what's up everybody this Russell Brunson. I want to welcome you back to the marketing secrets podcast today
 I want to talk to you about how to diffuse
 intense social
 situations
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we market in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That is the question and this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 All right, so this is
 Kind of a hard podcast to make and I'm not gonna go into the details because I don't want to to be completely honest
 It's it's it's a hard
 It's a hard
 battle to win I think you win this battle
 but
 this last weekend I was trying to participate trying to be helpful trying to do I thought would be best in situation and
 I'll leave it at that
 Obviously spend a crazy
 It's the last crazy three months or so since this whole coronavirus has hit the last week of escalation has has been even harder
 I think
 Anyway, but I was trying to do my best on social to help and to be helpful and
 and and
 But I thought was the right path
 Looking back now. I understand why it wasn't but I didn't understand at the time
 I was doing my best so again
 I think we should all give people some some graces are trying to figure things out and try to do their best
 But anyway, I'll step back so
 So what I want to talk today is about is more the what happened as far as
 How I kind of dealt with the negativity of the social media part because that's what I think a lot of people in our world
 Who are trying to teach like you need to be publishing every single day and putting things out there?
 It can be hard when you do and people beat you up and they beat you up bad and I got beat up pretty bad this weekend
 The market lie was emotional for me for my family for people. I know for it was it was tough
 And I think that it could have gone a couple ways it could have gone a lot worse and
 And I think there's some things I did that were good some things I did were bad
 And so I just want to kind of comment on them because hopefully to help you guys is you're trying to figure this out
 You know as people who are trying to publish and trying to influence trying to help and trying to serve
 You're always in the the limelight and I'm kind of lucky because I've been doing this now for
 18 years, so my skin has gotten thick. I've
 I've taken a lot of you know a lot of beatings in the years
 Which is why you know some people right why you're not more social about this or less social different things like that
 It's just because I've been I've been I've had a chance to
 To beat up a little bit and
 And so for me as tough as this weekend was it was it was it was bearable for me like it was like okay
 Well, that was not pleasant, but it was like it was okay
 but I know a lot of people around me like my my wife and her family and
 People go to church with me who were like the first time ever seeing a debate happening on my fan page and people
 You know who are angry at me and yelling at me and like all this craziness. It was just like oh
 I got people in my ward a ward here's
 For our church like it is like a our congregation who like writing letters and putting my mailbox and like making sure it's okay and
 You know, it's it's funny because they don't you know from what from us
 And this is like the first time they've been or witnessed like a social fight and you know, it's it's been really tough for a lot of them
 not fight their social like
 Discussion a heated discussion, you know, obviously with me running as many ads as we do
 I see the stuff every single name my comments and you know those who have run paid ads, you know that
 The the comments are really brutal and people be you up and again
 I've been doing this for a long time. So I've I've got pretty thick skin around it
 But most people around me that I love don't and so sometimes it's hard because even if you're like I can handle this
 The harder part is not like me handling is seeing my wife crying as he's reading stuff or
 You know, they got that's the harder part of this so
 But I wanted to I want to talk about this because
 You know for me, I was again
 I had good intentions, but I was trying to post I was trying to help
 You know, so that's the first step of it and then when you get people who are viciously attacking you because of like
 What do you do and how do you do it?
 And and it's it's tough because like what I felt like was I was standing there like walking like hey
 How can I help I can help and also like a punch in the face like oh like what do you do?
 I'm here. I'm here to help you guys. All right, we're like and punch in a punch in a punch and punch and what is your
 Instinct reaction well for me especially for me as like a wrestler someone who like I got
 I love like combat sports. I love fighting. I love wrestling. I love like like that's like, you know
 That's how you like that's it like it's on let's go
 And so for me it was like getting punch punch back after that four or five punches
 Like you just want to fight back and I know I have friends and family members like I wanted to go and like post like tell
 People all these things and and some people did and which didn't help and
 And remember in the in the moment. I was just like oh I want to like I
 Wanted to go defend myself. I want to go out there. I want to like I want to you know
 I want to you know attack back these people and like there's there's this you know this stuff that's happening
 and so
 As I sat there, I tried to do something that's hard and it was hard for me and I'm telling you this because hopefully this will help you
 If and when these things happen to you?
 So instead of me doing the default Russell which has become defensive and go and try to go and attack
 Instead I stopped and I was like, okay, I'm gonna try to listen as painful as it is
 I'm just gonna listen and so I
 The post like I want to pull the post down so badly, but I let I say I kept up for over 24 hours
 I let people come and and post
 And I try to just read and listen and like try to like okay
 I'm gonna put myself in their perspective me put it myself in there in their in their feet
 Like how are they feeling like why are they so defensive?
 Why is this happening and I really tried and it's hard like I'm not gonna say that I have perfect
 Perfect empathy or understanding by any stretch the imagination because I don't
 But I tried to listen and send me doing why would normally default do which is fight back. I stopped and said
 What if they're right? What if or what if what if what if?
 What if I'm looking this is wrong? What if?
 Like how can I diffuse this and I realized that the way to diffuse it was not to like hold my ground and be right
 Because being right and I was right
 Instead I said I'm gonna try to go the other about the other way and so
 To the people who are the most?
 Vocal to me
 I tried to reach out to them and ask for the help
 And so instead of fighting back and be like blah blah blah blah. I said you're right
 Can you help me help me understand help me be better help me figure this out and
 It was crazy to see how
 How taking that stand instead of what you know your your gut instincts are the fight or fly instead of like to humble into
 Like ask for help it changed and if you use the situation almost instantly
 And it gave me this really cool window
 During it but then afterwards to really actually start to understand and
 For that I'm super grateful
 I
 Don't think it was a matter of who was right who was wrong. I think that in the situation we were both right but because
 Because we have different perspectives
 It doesn't look the same. I think when I was able to find out that the person's perspective I'd rise
 Oh, I think I'm still trying the right thing, but maybe I did it wrong. Maybe I didn't go about the right way and
 Anyway, it was it was good. I'm grateful for the moment that that happened
 So I'm telling you this because as you go out there and you try to change the world in your own little way
 Just like I'm trying to do and you're trying to do if you're listening to me
 There are gonna be times that you were gonna get beat up bad and
 Your instincts are going to be to fight and I want to challenge you to not fight
 To instead to stop and to listen try to put yourself in their shoes try to have empathy and
 Instead of fighting back ask for understanding
 Like respond the comment like you're probably right in this situation and I don't understand why but I would love to figure it out
 Like let's can we can we jump on you know mess and turn talking you come can you message me?
 We call can I you know and and by doing that it shifts the shifts the conversation it shifts the
 the
 the everything so anyway, that's kind of what I we did this this week and and
 wanted to show you guys because
 Again, I I got it. I got hit with it hard hard when I've been hitting in a long long time
 But when also none, I think it turned out really good for me for my community for our company and so
 Anyway, I just want to put that out there as as a way to navigate these really strange times that are hard to navigate where people are
 Are struggling the hurting they're in pain. So
 Anyway, I hope I help somebody because I'm sure that right now either you are vocal or you're not vocal
 But regardless of your vocal or you're not vocal right now
 You're feeling the pressure and the stress and then not knowing what to do or how to do it and you're probably gonna do it wrong
 the biggest thing is is
 Don't don't respond the gut instinct way, which is to fight back instead stop and like say, okay
 I'm gonna try to humble myself. I'm gonna sit back. I'm gonna ask questions
 But myself in a situation I'm gonna try to try to have empathy and then I'm gonna ask for help
 and
 If you can do that
 Like said it it changed the situation the conversation and it and it turned into a really positive thing overall
 So there's my he back my ideas my help take it for what it's worth
 I think the last thing to just kind of come back. You know for me doing this now 18 years. It's like I've gotten thick skin
 You've got to kind of start growing thick skin because it's not gonna think no matter what you do not everyone's gonna love you
 even if it's like
 Like I don't think it's a sign for the episode when someone did like Jerry and Jerry's mom's like
 How can you not like Jerry like he's like no like some people aren't gonna like me
 It's like same thing like how can you not like Russell?
 How can I like so and so like like they're trying so hard to super nice like they're
 Which is some people are gonna like you and they're like like what you have to say what you believe?
 And that's okay. You have to be okay with that. I guess we got love them
 and
 respect them and
 And do your best so anyway take that for us worth. I appreciate you guys for listening
 Hopefully enjoy this episode if you did please take a screenshot of it posted on your social channels and let me know
 Tag me on it be fun to hear your comments and feedback. So thanks so much you guys appreciate you and now we'll talk to you soon. Bye everybody
