 What's up everybody it's Russell Brunson and welcome you guys to be a very special episode of the marketing seekers podcast now
 This is an episode that will not be on YouTube or anything. It's only gonna be here in
 An audio format for those who are who are listening in and excited for you guys to hear it. So some of the backstory
 As you guys know, I am always excited about all this marketing stuff. I'm talking about all the time
 I get a chance to speak all over the world
 But I say no to like 99.9 percent people asking me speak just because time and energy and money and all kind of stuff, right?
 It's just not possible to do
 but recently my
 father-in-law asked me if I would come speak at an event that he was putting on and it was in Burley, Idaho
 which is a little small town about two and a half hours south of Boise and
 and
 Obviously, I'm like well, I can't
 I can't justify my good business standpoint, but so I fought in a lot of be awesome and
 and then you know, obviously we could be a time to hang out my wife and so
 My wife and I jumped a car on Wednesday
 We drove two and a half hours down to Burley and I spoke this event in two and a half hours back
 So it was a really fun time to spend together without any kids
 And then had a chance to speak down there and it was cool. So but to preface it
 It was a completely different audience than I've ever spoken to ever, okay
 it was
 For the most part government officials from all around Idaho
 those who involved in economic development how to grow the economies and so there are people from all over Idaho who came to this thing
 it's probably 70 or so people and
 You guys know I'm used to speaking to entrepreneurs who are trying to change the world and here's like government officials
 Who are also good intentions as well and they're trying to do some awesome stuff
 But they're definitely like an old dynamic graphic. They're not like running their own companies and so there's it was just it's different, right?
 And so anyway, and I was really struggling
 Which I wish I teach on which my presentation be about and I didn't really know and I kind of figured out and finally realized
 What I wanted to share with this audience was basically the stuff that you guys are very familiar with which is the expert seekers thing
 I'll talk about building a mass movement about influence and persuasion and storytelling and how they can use that in their own sphere of influence
 and so
 How them as government officials can do can build a movement to to help people change and then how people
 And then also like how they could use it for the family like if you have a
 Your family, how do you create a movement within your family? How do you create a movement?
 In different places, it's not just like a mass movement of your customers like we talk a lot about side-ex for secrets
 But also like the internal movements inside your companies and then your family and then you're inside governments or whatever sphere of influence you have
 And so that's kind of what this presentation is and I'm gonna I hooked up my iPhone and click record
 And so I kind of recorded it the audio and how any idea how good or how bad it'll be
 That's what it is. So there's some context when you hear the presentation
 It was definitely different audience energy levels way different. So if I sound weird, that's why I was trying like crazy to get this older group
 Government officials to be as excited as I am about business about economic growth and development
 Health strategy shows guys how they're crazy because they don't understand the right ways
 to
 The right ways to to run like a political campaign and I kind of tease about that a bunch of other fun stuff
 So hopefully it'll help you guys for listening in honest
 Close your expert secrets
 This lots will be kind of review for you
 But you have a chance to see it through different lands like how this would work inside your family house works side of a business
 And a bunch of other things like that. So hopefully helps
 I hope you guys love it and that said this cute intro music and then we'll start at the event there in Burley, Idaho
 So the big question is this
 How are entrepreneurs like us who didn't cheat and take our adventure capital for spending money from our own pockets?
 How do we mark it in a way that lets us get our products and our services and the things that we believe in out to the world?
 And yet still remain profitable
 That was the question in this podcast will give you the answers. My name is Russell Brunson and welcome to marketing secrets
 Well, I'm excited to be here with you guys today. This is a little different audience than I normally speak to
 But I'm I'm really excited about it
 I normally go around the world and I speak to entrepreneurs who are creating products and businesses and all sorts of stuff
 And I'm super passionate about it because I love entrepreneurs
 I love what they able to do and how they able to create ideas out of thin air and turn them into businesses and help other people
 And some Doug asked if I come speak here
 I was like I've never spoken to people that aren't like full-time hardcore entrepreneurs
 And I'm like we don't only talk about he's like I don't know stuff that's gonna help them
 This is about economic growth and about development all sorts of stuff like that
 So I was like what what can I share that's gonna that's gonna help you guys the most?
 In your communities and what you guys are all doing. So that's kind of what I put together this presentation today
 I was working on it on this car ride down Doug asked me like I was out there finishing before he got started
 He's like you just finishing it right now. I'm like yeah, it's how I always work
 So I'm always like kind of last minute
 But I want to make sure that kind of catered this to you guys and made sure that it would it would help you guys what you're doing and
 And hopefully
 Would be really good. So
 To begin with actually what I wanted to do is I wanted to show a really quick video
 We had a couple technical difficulties. It wasn't working in my slides
 I have to go and actually push play to get to work for you guys and then we can kind of go into but
 This is a video we showed it our that we do a big event every single year
 So about a month ago we had big event in Orlando with 3,000 entrepreneurs from all around the world every country was represented there
 And they're all entrepreneurs who had ideas to start to change something
 And this video we made to kind of encapsulate
 That group as a whole that wanted you guys to kind of see it because not only is it true
 I think for entrepreneurs
 I think it's true for all sorts of people who are trying to make change in the world
 How many guys your job your business what you guys are doing is trying to make change in some aspect of something right?
 All right, and typically when we try to like make change in things there's a lot of resistance right and so
 That's why we kind of made this video. So it's about a minute long and we'll show it to you guys really quick and
 There we go
 There's to the crazy wall
 Missus
 Deruffals
 the troublemakers
 the round pegs in the square holes
 The ones who see things differently
 They're not hard to roll and they have no respect for the status quo
 You can call them disagree with them glorify or don't find them
 Without the only thing you can't do is ignore them
 Because they changed
 They push the human race forward
 We see genius
 Because the people were crazy to think that they change the world
 One
 Okay, so my entire goal what I do for the last decade in my life is going around trying to help people to change the world
 And the way they see fit
 Because as you guys probably are all fully aware
 There's a lot of messed up things are happening in this world
 And I believe that it's people like us who are gonna make a lot of those shifts and those changes
 And so that's why I've dedicated my life to is really working specifically with entrepreneurs with all types of people leadership
 I anyone who's trying to make to make change and I want to share a couple stories of entrepreneurs
 They've worked with us who've gone through this process and the process I've taken through is simple
 I'm not a technical person though. I own a software company. I got partners who are teching nerds
 I'm the one who just helps
 entrepreneurs people try to get their message out
 To the world to try to actually make change and so what I'm gonna share with you guys over the next hour
 So is how to find your message how to build a tribe of people and then how to actually change the world?
 That's kind of my goal
 so
 this is a couple that we had a chance to work with a lot over the last year so and
 About 19 years ago. They they just gotten married. They were struggling like a lot of married people do and almost fell apart
 The entire marriage they were about to leave he came to her and said I'm gonna leave
 It's over. It's not working and she decided at that point she needed to change
 She's like I can't I can't lose this person who I love I need to figure out a way to to fix this marriage
 And so she went out of her way and focused her entire life to try to figure how to fix and how to save her marriage
 And she did that and afterwards she became so obsessed with making like I helped my marriage
 Start seeing people around her who's bit whose marriages were collapsing around she's like I can't let these people's marriages fall apart
 I gotta help them right she went out there
 She started trying to figure out how can help other people and over the last over the last 10 years
 Stacy and Paul they've now helped save over 10,000 marriages and bring 10 the spark back to tens of thousands more
 And so look at someone like that who's just one person who had it had a how to struggle had a frustration
 They figured how to solve that problem for themselves
 And then went out there and they instead of just keeping that to themselves
 They said I need to help other people and they went out and literally have changed tens of thousands of marriages, which is
 Amazing next one here. This is Annie Grace. She's another amazing person
 Annie was a very corporate business person
 She was traveling around the world doing all sorts of stuff and when she was traveling corporately a lot of times apparently
 They have a lot of social drinking and so everywhere she'd go they
 They just everyone would drink on these trips and so she started drinking more and more to be social with everybody and eventually
 She got addicted and she said she told me she said one day
 she woke up she was with her husband and her little daughter and
 and that morning he was like nine o'clock in the morning and she was getting something out of her bag and she
 Spilled her beer all over her clothes all of her kids stuff all of her
 Everything she said she sat there and firstly kind of laughed and she started crying thinking that it's nine o'clock in the morning
 And I can't stop and she said I got to fix this and so she tried the traditional routes
 A some of those things that really struggled didn't have any success
 And she's like I got to figure out a way to actually break this addiction for myself
 And she starts a year-long program trying to figure out how to do this and eventually was able to break and free herself from the chains of alcohol
 Addiction which was pretty amazing in and of itself
 But then she thought you know I can't just stop here like I need to I need help other people with this because I went through
 This pain and I felt that pain and I felt the relief afterwards like I need to do that same kind of thing
 So she went out there and started helping other people and in the last 12 months
 She's helped over 50,000 people in her online communities to break the chains of alcohol addiction
 Which is amazing 50,000 people who have struggled with that who've now been able to be free of that because she was willing
 To share her message with the world and get it out there to other people
 Which is pretty cool next was Pamela Wiebel how many guys watched dr. Oz?
 It's like three weeks ago. She was on dr. Oz so Pamela grew up. She was a doctor and
 And her parents were doctors her whole life was everything she grew up in doctor like in the lifestyle of doctors, right?
 And as she got older she wanted to go to medical school like she had dream being a doctor
 So she went and went through the whole process gets into medical school and I think first or second year residency
 She's sitting there and somebody that she knew in medical school committed suicide
 She was just devastated and then
 Two people that she dated in medical school ended up committing suicide
 Other people she knew and within a very short period of time everyone not everyone
 I mean a dozen two or three dozen people that she knew in love to commit suicide
 She found out a little later the doctors have the highest suicide rate of any profession almost double the number two
 And she started freaking out like like like this is a problem like we need to fix this
 I got to figure out a way to do this and
 She went out there and tried to figure out like how do I how do I stop this problem?
 And she didn't go and do a lot of people doing say oh this is a government problem
 This is a you know medical school problem. She's like this is my problem. I'm gonna take responsibility for this
 I'm gonna figure out how in the world I can I can do this how I can save these people
 And so she went out there and has made this her personal mission. She's written two different books
 She's one of the doctors likes the last month sharing this message. She's finished the documentary is gonna be going live
 But what's amazing? She's saved hundreds of doctors lives
 so far through through getting her message out to more people and what's cool is that not only that is
 She was talking to me about this. She said the cool things like when you save a doctor's life
 It's not just the doctor
 There's all the patients that that doctor affects and and then their families and it's a huge ripple effect that goes out
 For one person's life who's touched or who's saved who's changed?
 Okay, and so this is just one another amazing person we work with
 To get to get their message out to more people next one is Tim Ballard. How many guys have heard of Tim Ballard?
 So Tim runs a group called operation under down railroad
 They're out of Utah's nonprofit and they help save children from sex slavery
 right now there's over between two and three million children right now in sex slavery which is crazy around the world and
 they built a team they go and they save these kids from all around the world and
 The same kind of thing the same process
 I'm gonna be sharing with you guys today the same thing we're working with him with to get this message out to more people
 So far they've saved over a thousand children from sex trafficking rest over
 433 traffickers and the coolest thing is like the thousands amazing
 But what's amazing is when you save a child you save a group of children not only does it save those children
 And you rest traffickers how many more people would they have have have I mean the ripple effect from from every one of their rescue
 Missions is just is huge around the world
 And it's pretty amazing. So these are people that we work with every single day
 And I could share with these thousands of stories it gets me so pumped. I'm so excited
 And that's why I love working with people like you guys like entrepreneurs people who have the ability to make change because when you have a
 Message or mission or something you can literally change the world and I believe that that's why I'm so passionate about this kind of stuff
 I don't feel like I have any magical superpowers other than I've become really good at helping people like this to amplify their message
 And so for all of you guys and your individual spheres of responsibility you've got something right there's a reason why you're here
 There's something you can do to affect change and someone to walk you through some stuff
 I've learned over the last decade to affect change at a big mass mass scale
 My name is Russell Brunson for those who've never heard of me. I have had a chance
 Over the last ten years to work with a whole bunch of amazing people like ones
 I shared I also worked with Tony Robbins. We did a lot of work with him Marcus the Monast and the profit
 I've done a bunch of work with him
 Have you guys watched the show the profit?
 Okay, it was cool. He had me on one of the episodes a little while ago one of the companies
 It's on CNBC
 They go and they help businesses and one of the businesses they brought on was a watch company
 And we just had him come speak one of our events as we called me a week or two later
 It's like hey, do you want to be on the show and like are you kidding me?
 Yes, I was loved to be on the show
 It was the coolest thing ever and we got to come on and actually help
 This watch company to get their message out to to more people which is really fun
 All right
 So a little background on kind of where I come from and what what I do
 so we started a company called ClickFunnels September 23rd 2014 and
 We were just like all the other people like all I knew is I had an idea. We had a vision want to do something
 We had no money. We were working off of credit cards. We weren't backed by any any
 Cash people venture capitalists or anything. It was basically me and my two partners
 This is Todd Dickerson lives down Atlanta, Georgia
 This is Dylan Jones is up in Canada and this is us mapping out ClickFunnels on a whiteboard
 Now these guys are geniuses. They know how to like code and do techy nerdy stuff
 I don't so I just get stand in front and cheer and like get all excited and tell everybody how awesome it is
 They do all the hard work of actually building the software
 But after we created this
 Our goal with this was like I wanted to create something that would free all entrepreneurs
 Okay, the biggest thing I find out is not that people that want to make change not that they don't know what to do or how to
 Do it it's like they either run out of time or they run out of money before they ever get to the finish line
 Right like they got a dream and a vision they start going and they got hired the technical person and the programmers and then all the stuff starts
 Happening and they run out of time before they get to actually see their vision fulfilled
 And so we wanted to create a tool with free all entrepreneurs
 They could just focus on saving and fixing their customers lives
 And so what our software company does is it makes creating online web pages and sales funnels and marketing all that stuff
 Really really simple where people with no technical skills can do it
 Anyone if you can use Microsoft Word you can use our software. That's how simple this and that's what that's what we do
 And it gives us it gives the entrepreneurs I showed you guys earlier it gives them Billy where they can
 They've got an idea they can sit down the computer send 15 minutes have something out there and then get it out to the world
 Pamela why will the first one on the doctor she messaged me she's like I'm gonna be on the doctor tomorrow
 What should I do? I was like well like when you're on the show?
 What are you like where people gonna go like I don't know if you go to my website
 So what should I do?
 I'm like put up a page that tells people they get a free copy of your book or something so you can capture all those names
 You can help them she's like okay, and then she jumped off in like 15 minutes later
 She's like okay. It's done. It's in click funnels
 She's like I don't have to hire any techy people
 I just did it by myself and next day she's on doctor Oz and then this whole thing and she's able to capture
 Tens of thousands of people's names now and now she can help serve those people and it's just it's really really cool
 So that's what that's what I'm passionate about that's what we do and why we do
 We we launched the company three years ago year first year
 We got 10,000 members to join year two at 20,000 year three or 50,000 and this morning a check where it's 62,189 active people
 We're actually using the software which is pretty exciting for me
 That's 62,000 entrepreneurs who we've helped free so they can actually get their message out without having
 Any of the technical things that keep them from doing it now
 We were trying to do some math this morning
 Because I was like what does that actually represent that would actually be kind of cool for you guys because you guys probably don't care about that
 So I was like okay. How many how many jobs has this actually created?
 I was trying to do the math on it
 So this is 62,000 entrepreneurs our average entrepreneur is anywhere from three to five employees working for him some companies got 50 60
 And then inside the ecosystem people have a funnel now these
 Graphic designers they need people to drive traffic and we were doing the math based on like conservative numbers and based on conservative numbers
 Since we've launched click funnels over 250,000 jobs
 I mean created inside of the click funnels ecosystem from people now who are doing stuff and creating things and so I thought that was kind of cool to look at that
 That number is like actual growth right actual
 effect on economy
 Right you look at entrepreneurs like if an entrepreneur does their job right and actually has success like it's a ripple effect
 It creates jobs it creates opportunities it makes so many other things come from it and that's why it's so important
 And so the other cool thing we looked at just recently passed over a billion dollars not for me personally
 I wish that would be amazing but a billion dollars our customers have processed over a billion dollars in sales
 Which is kind of funny
 I was looking at the national the GDP of like all the countries in the world and that's higher GDP than 15 other countries
 So we're like the number sixteenth country if we were country, so that's kind of cool. I think
 258 people in the last two years have have won an award that we call the two comma club award means meaning
 They made at least a million dollars inside of our software and this year
 We had 17 people who qualified for eight figure word me in the made at least ten million dollars inside of one of their one of their funnels inside of our software
 Which is really fulfilling for me, but the coolest thing is that of the sixty two thousand members
 every single one has a story and so I want to show these guys story here, so this is
 Brandon Poland and his wife Kaitlyn and
 They're some of my favorite stories ever so they they joined
 Click funnels and joined our community about three years ago at the time they had just lost
 They were gonna they were that way they're making money holding collapse and we just kind of over and they came to me and they're like
 We're broke I'm like okay
 Like what should we do I'm like you should get my software and the reason my books and try to figure this out
 So I went on this journey trying to figure everything out fast forward now three years later
 They were on stage last month in this ward. They made over ten million dollars inside of their inside one of their sales funnels
 I think he's 24. She's 23 years old
 she before she started this company she was she's about five foot one or two really short and
 She was like 60 pounds overweight and she tried and struggled for her whole life losing weight and finally she figured out a process
 She lost a whole bunch of weight and so their business helps other women to lose weight and so far they've helped over a hundred thousand successful women
 lose weight inside of their programs
 Which is amazing inside their company
 They've over 30 full-time employees working for him and so look at these this couple who were just
 She lost weight and she wanted to help other people lose it and they decided to go for it and to like get their message out now
 100,000 women have lost weight. What does that cause how does it cause different?
 How does it shift their relationship? How does it shift their families? How does it shift everything else about them and around them right?
 So 100,000 women but the ripple effect goes bigger and bigger and then they got the employees on their team and like
 It's just amazing what happens when one person is willing to stand up and actually get their message out there and
 It's one of the coolest things in the world. So
 This was stuff that just fires me up and I love sharing
 I wish I could spend like three days with story time sharing all the stories of you guys because
 It really really inspires me
 But I want to kind of go through the process because if you understand the process then it makes it makes a lot easier
 Okay, now this is the problem with
 Entrepreneurs having us work with entrepreneurs and we as our entrepreneurs
 Okay, so this is the pros and the cons of entrepreneurs
 So the things that make entrepreneurs awesome are also the things that make entrepreneurs terrible, okay?
 We have like a billion ideas every 30 seconds. We're all excited
 We get some started and then we like go the next thing and this thing collapses. We go the next thing the next thing
 It takes a lot to get an entrepreneur to actually focus in fact most entrepreneurs really really really really struggling school
 I was like kid in school who the teacher was talking and I'm doing like 15 other things
 I couldn't pay attention
 It was really really hard to do right and so a lot of things this happens a lot times entrepreneurs
 They get excited start a business and they get bored and they lose focus and it shifts the next thing the next thing
 If you look at my first 10 years of me doing my own business, you can ask my beautiful wife
 She went through this with me. There was ups and downs and ups and downs and ups and downs
 I remember my first business. I got the point was making out a million dollars a year
 I'm like this is amazing and I try to figure out a growth and I couldn't figure out in like five minutes
 So I got so I'm like I'm gonna figure something else
 I'm gonna launch another company and so I launched another company
 I was like five two of them making a million that's two million dollars a year
 That'd be awesome
 So I want you first and once the second one and I got this up to a million dollars a year
 But what happened to the other one?
 It just completely died. I was like, oh dang. I need maybe I need another company
 So we launched another company and this one built up and then this one dried and then I had the brilliant idea
 For five years four and a half five years ago
 I was like well if we won crash and we've built another one and three we had three as like we should launch more companies
 We launched 17 companies in a 12-month period time
 And what was amazing from that is one of them blew up in all the rest collapsed and like the net dollar in day
 Was almost nothing and this was really bad at entrepreneurs. This is why so many businesses are started and so many businesses spell
 I was looking at numbers one of my friend
 He runs a podcast called momentum podcast for entrepreneurs
 It's Alex Sharfen and it's all about entrepreneurs helping them to understand like our superpowers
 But also like our kryptonite right and he talked about like businesses and if you look at this is interesting, so there's about 16
 16 billion a billion a million 16
 Billy startups
 Meaning they're making if you look at companies and this is in America
 So how many companies make under forty thousand dollars a year?
 Okay, so there's a lot of companies started right every single year. I think I was reading this morning is like three hundred and no five hundred and something thousand
 New startups in America are launched every month. So let's
 Have it whatever the math is on that. Okay, so companies that actually get successful enough make more than forty thousand dollars a year
 It drops a lot right boom it drops down. So only six million
 businesses in America ever make it to a hundred thousand dollars a year, okay, you go the next rung
 from that only seven hundred thousand ever make it to a million dollars a year most of us still aren't profitable that's just to
 Topland revenue
 From that only hundred thousand companies ever make it ten million dollars a year
 And from that only twenty three thousand companies in America over make it over ten million dollars
 Okay, and a lot of us because of the entrepreneurs like they're up and down up and down up and down and you guys ever been involved in an
 Entrepreneurial startup before
 And you guys were part of the craziness right and so it's one of the reason why I'm so passionate entrepreneurs
 I was on that roller coaster ride for ten years
 I figured out how to like focus and so I try to spend a lot of my time getting entrepreneurs to focus because when they focus their energy on something
 It's amazing what can happen and how it can grow and how can how can explode okay?
 And the reason why it's so important because I'm actually not very money motivated
 But I'm impact motivated like I love seeing the result that happens because of it
 And so the reason why I'm so focused on numbers for myself and people that work with us is because if you business can't make money
 You can't have the impact you want okay Brandon and Kaylin they could have helped people for free to lose weight
 But the problem with that is no way they could have gotten a message out to a hundred thousand women
 All right, it's impossible cost money to get distribution to get it out there
 There's no way to have thirty full-time employees on their team
 There's no way they could always have amazing things unless they're making money when they're making money
 They can have the impact they wanted to have and so that's why it's such an important thing all right
 So what I'm talking about now is when I'm working with an entrepreneur
 and
 This is where I want to transition because this isn't just for entrepreneurs. This is for anyone
 It's all about creating a movement right and there's movements that happen all over the place like if I'm starting a company
 Inside of my company. I need to create a movement. I need to get people to believe in a vision and be part of something right?
 When I'm starting a company, I'm starting to sell something
 I need to get my entire like all my customers to believe in something creating a movement for them to kind of move
 With me okay, but it's not just true in in business. It's true and all sorts of things
 So I think in internal company when I'm creating company my internal team needs to believe in a vision and have movement
 We're also they're not going to we're not going to get very very far right
 Our customers need to believe in the movement or they're not going to continue by our product
 But this also works at a at a micro level
 I did a presentation a little while ago about this this concept
 How do you create a big movement of people and get them to to follow you?
 and
 Right after me. There's this guy named Chad Hymas who spoke and Chad's in a wheelchair and
 He heard me in my presentation. It was the most amazing thing he came in as a wheelchair for afterwards
 He's like I had a presentation prepared, but based on what Russell said
 I want to kind of share something with you guys and he said
 Russell was talking about how to create a movement to get people to come by your products and your services
 You can change their lives, but I want to take that down to a micro level
 He said I want to talk about creating movements within your family everything Russell talked about is true
 But how do we do that within our family?
 Because we know how to do it in a company or within a society or within things like that
 How can we do in our side of our family and then I was thinking about this presentation for you guys today
 I'm like I want to
 like what whether
 How is this?
 How is this applicable to all of us? Okay, it's true in any kind of politics. It's true inside of a church
 It's true in like all different aspects of life if you really want to cause change
 There are things that that have been proven throughout the history of time from the very beginning time till now that causes change
 It causes movements it gets people to actually make the shifts that we need to get them to change so we can serve them at a better level
 right and so
 Create a movement is something that I started geeking out on in fact
 When we launched the software company ClickFunnels
 ClickFunnels is just like it's funny if you look at it
 I know most you guys don't know what that probably what our company is, but it's a software company, right?
 And most software is kind of boring. How many guys have like an emotional connection to your soft any software you use?
 Most people don't write it's like it's software is boring. And so I was actually at this um
 I was in Salt Lake and there's a network marketing company
 And one of my friends is really big and makes a bunch of money
 And it's a software company as well
 And they they send out cards and all this stuff like that and it's kind of this thing right and he invited me to come to
 The big event to see how it works
 I go to the event and walk in the street
 There's like six thousand people in this room and people up there crying and jumping around and dancing and and they're bringing every
 On stage giving me awards and all sorts of stuff and I'm like so confused like why is everyone so happy here?
 Like I couldn't figure it out right and watch this for two or three days and finally my friend leaned over to me
 And he said he said you notice what's happening here?
 I'm like I have no idea like I'm so confused why everyone's so happy and he said he said they're not selling software
 He said he created a movement software is just the thing that they happen to sell they created a movement
 That's why people are here. That's why they have emotional connections with this thing
 So by that time I'm launching click fun. I was like, okay
 I don't want to sell soft works if I sell software what's gonna happen is as soon as I create this thing
 I'm gonna launch it out there and if we do well all of our competitors gonna see it and they're gonna try to knock us off
 Okay, and then they're gonna try to do like we're gonna undercut you on pricing
 We're gonna we're gonna add more features. We're gonna do this thing
 They can't do and there's gonna be all these things where I'm competing on like price or technical things and stuff like that
 I was like
 I want to create a movement where doesn't matter some comes out with a better product or different product whatever like our people
 Are gonna stay with us because they're part of something bigger than just the software
 And so after my friend said that they created a movement I started thinking like hey
 Well, how do you create a movement like how does that how does that work?
 I want to figure this out and so I started studying how movements from from time have happened and I started studying all sorts of things from like
 From like political movements to business movements like how did Apple become Apple? How did you know?
 How did Elon Musk do what he did?
 Then we start again start looking political movements and I start looking like on the
 the
 Scariest side of the world because what happens a lot of times there can be really you can learn a lot from so I start studying like
 How do how do cult leaders cause?
 People to change and to follow them. Okay, how did the Nazi party? How did Hitler do this this thing this horrific thing?
 But how do you get an entire country to believe in this right?
 I'm looking at everything from the super negative side to the super positive side
 And what was fascinating to me as it didn't matter if I was looking at like the worst of the worst like like
 Hitler and the Nazi party or if I was looking at the greatest thing on earth like Christ and Christianity
 Or any of the things in between the most fascinating thing is that the pattern between all of them was the same
 Every mass movement there was a pattern and what's cool about patterns is who's they identify a pattern like this is the pattern
 And since we're aware of it then we can affect it. We can start we can start amplifying it, right?
 So I'm sitting there reading books and looking at stuff and watching videos and like seeing these things and very quickly
 I started seeing these patterns. I'm a big pattern person if I see something five or six times
 I'm like that's what they're doing. Oh my gosh now. How can we take that information and how can we leverage it?
 And so the last the last piece of this action my wife and I were in Kenya
 Three or four years ago, and we had like a four-hour drive and I'm sitting there reading this book about
 It's called true believer by Eric Hoffman every guys that read that book
 This is like the good stuff you guys anyway
 It's all about like the all the mass movements and the cults that have ever happened
 He's going through everything and I'm sitting there in this little we're on a dirt road bouncing around and I'm sitting here with my book
 Try to highlight and all of a sudden like that's when the pattern became super clear to me
 And I was like oh my gosh they all have it every single one of them
 And so I sit there and I doodle out this thing and my most recent book like this became the premise of the book was
 How do you create a mass movement and I doodle this little triangle here?
 I think the next slide I create this triangle and what I noticed is that this was the pattern every single mass movement from the beginning of time till now
 Had this everyone that was successful the ones who failed didn't
 Okay, and I'm gonna go through all these pieces and in a lot of detail
 But as soon as I was able as soon as you you see those things like as soon as you're aware of the pattern now
 You can manipulate it you can amplify you can do things about it, right?
 And so soon I saw a pattern I'm like okay, how can I how can I do this?
 So I'll kind of go through these really quick and then we'll go deep into each one of them
 So the first one is every single mass movement had some type of charismatic leader
 I like to call them an attractive character, but there's somebody that people were connecting with right where human beings like to connect with people
 Okay, they all had that okay number two all of them were focused on a future based cause they weren't telling their people like hey
 We're gonna we're gonna you know, we're gonna we're gonna try to fix things today. We're gonna like it was never talking about today
 Okay, they're always we're talking about a future based cause something that was that was in the distance and they could pull people towards
 Okay, and then the third one is they always offered their people a new opportunity, okay?
 So I'm gonna kind of break these down so you kind of see because
 This pattern right here again when I first figured this out I started doing it for my company if you look at our company now
 So in the three and a half years since we launched ClickFunnels
 We've had 37 people who've come out with competing software companies trying to beat us
 37 people all of them launched their company saying this is next click funnels killer
 I know that because I get like 400 emails every single time one comes out from every single person and what's insane
 We had one group my old my friends my friends just launched their ClickFunnels killer
 Like three weeks ago and it was funny because I look in our Facebook group
 we have like 150,000 entrepreneurs in our Facebook group and
 over and over and over and people said I saw their program, but I didn't even look at it because
 I'm part of ClickFunnels culture. I'll talk about a minute. It's that I'm part of this like this is my family
 This is where I belong. They didn't even look they wouldn't even like look at the other the competitors
 Because they don't care okay the 37 competitors have come out in the last three and a half years only one still in businesses
 Cuz they launched three weeks ago all the rest of coming on okay
 And my all every single one of them had lower pricing than us all of my different features than us
 But none of them around anymore okay because we built this movement where people stick with us okay, and so
 But again, this works from a company standpoint, but then I started my wife
 And I was talking about something to drive through like with our family
 How can we use this within our family to get our kids to move into change?
 Okay, I was thinking about for a lot of you guys in different businesses and different
 Government organizations and different things you guys are involved like how can you if you understand this pattern like how can you use these things?
 To get the change that you need to have okay, so I'm gonna go through this stuff
 I'm gonna share a lot of things that I did I'm gonna try to relate it back to stuff that's the specific for you guys
 But for anybody it's just kind of figuring out how would this relate to your your situation because we understand that you can create a movement
 Okay, when you create a movement you create change and that's what we're all talking about right?
 Okay, so number one the charismatic leader or the attractive character now this right found with most people
 Specifically the entrepreneurs I see it well, but with most everybody this is kind of the path right there's a time in our life where we are
 Students okay when we're in a phase where we're learning we're growing right?
 How many guys remember that like forever you're doing today?
 How many guys remember the growth phase where you were like going to school you were studying you were learning you probably were obsessed with it
 You were loving all the information and we guys remember that part
 Okay, so this is where most all of us go through this right and what's interesting
 I found is that when you're in this growth phase like there's a there's a time especially if you're passionate about what you do
 There's a time where it's like insatiable like you can't get your hands on that information reading books you're listening to podcast you're watching videos
 You're like going to conferences and events and seminars you're obsessed with this stuff right and you keep growing you're growing you're learning
 It's like the most amazing thing in the world. But then what happens to every single person?
 Eventually get the spot where like for you to continue to progress you can't keep learning more things
 I can't read more books on marketing and continue to progress. I can't lose more weight
 Right for Caitlin like she lost her way
 She's down sposhing keep learning about losing weight
 But she can't continue to progress the only way for her to continue to progress is to shift her mindset from growth
 How do I grow to how do I contribute outside of that?
 Okay, it's kind of cool. We look at the schooling system
 By the time of your student and eventually you get your degree and you're kind of growing you can't you can go to
 Higher level education and things like that
 But eventually like you peek out like you you kind of got all you've gone and the only way for this to actually keep
 Affecting you is not a transition into contribution and helping other people the first time I ever got this
 I'm a wrestler. I wrestled in actually wrestle the Boise State prior to that
 I wrestled BYU before the wrestling program, but when I grew up I grew up in Utah and
 I saw wrestling in high school and I got to point I was pretty good wrestler
 I was a state champion my junior year and and did really really well
 and I would my dad was obsessed with wrestling he would buy every single video they were the old VHS videos and we'd watch him over and over and
 we practiced the moves and and
 But eventually like I knew all the mood like for most part
 I was always like a weird movie my learners most part I knew the moves I practice them a whole bunch of times and like
 It was hard to get new stuff. I was going wrestling camp trying to find little pieces here
 And there was hard to get more right and then my senior year after I graduated from from high school
 My one of my coaches was like hand-running wrestling camp this summer. Do you want to come coach at it?
 I was like I don't really want to coach. He's like I'll pay a hundred bucks a week for the week
 And I was like I had no money hundred bucks down at awesome. I'm like I'm in so I went to this wrestling camp and
 The very first day he put me in charge of these kids is they can teach them
 There's a move that I my favorite moves is called a cheap tilt
 Which is a little thing you turn people on the back and you get points really fast and wrestling
 So they teach you guys a cheap tilt so I come out as a you know 18 year old kid
 I'm like this is how it works you guys you do this and then that's how it works
 So go do it so and all these little kids go out there and they all start trying to do it and like not one of them was even
 Remotely close I was like no get back in you guys you're doing all wrong you do this like this
 I show them I go back out and do it and none of them could do it and after two or three times
 I was like oh, I'm so frustrated. I'm like okay come back in you guys. I'm like okay
 This is how it works like first thing you do and I started like really figuring out like why did this thing actually work
 Like I've been doing it forever
 But why like what was the pattern behind like what did it actually work?
 I started figuring out like oh the bottom knee needs to be under like this and my hip position is here
 And I'm actually pulling the arm here and my head's here
 I'm like I started breaking it down for the kids and they all start trying to do it and soon
 I was like as soon as I figured out the pattern I was able to show it to them
 Then so they know the pattern and I could then I could like start figuring out like oh, that's why this move works
 And that's why when I get in trouble in this move is because my elbows out of position
 But if I keep in position I never get in trouble. Oh my gosh and also I started learning through the contribution
 Okay, this is the magic of when you start contributing that's you start learning so much more
 Okay
 When I went for me an entrepreneur selling potato gun DVDs and selling all the things I was doing so I started helping
 entrepreneurs to grow their companies now my growth like a
 Thousand-time faster because I was watching what they were doing
 I'm watching everyone do things and like when I started contributing that's when I started growing way faster for Kaitlyn
 Okay, again, she lost her weight
 She cannot continue to grow as a student, but she started helping women
 That's how she started growing again. Okay, she helped 10 women and a thousand women now 100,000 women around the world
 She's helped change their lives. Okay because of that and so this is that this is a natural progression
 Okay, this is where people become a leader. This is where people become an expert
 Whatever you want to call it. Okay, and so for all you guys like you're probably somewhere in this phase right here
 You've gone through this you figured it out and now you're in your spot where your leadership
 You're you're having you're helping people you're helping helping to move people, right?
 So now it's like now you're in this phase here now. We know like how do we how do we like how do we become good at that part of it?
 Okay, now
 I'm gonna show you guys another video clip
 Yeah, I'm gonna show it to you. It'll be fun. All right, so a lot of times when I talk to people about this
 This part and I'm like talking about leadership or being an expert or finding your voice or being willing to go out there and talk
 A lot of people get nervous. Okay, and I one billion percent
 understand like I
 It's the weirdest thing in the world like I
 Love standing on stages like I feel super comfortable right now
 But I promise you guys and fight like when we're done here and you guys say something to me in the hallway
 I will feel so awkward and I'm severely introverted. I get really nervous around people
 So I can stay on stage in front of three thousand or two months ago from nine thousand people
 I felt so comfortable and the hallway people come talk to me. I was just like it's weird, right?
 So I understand like if you're like I don't I'm not a leader like I don't want to be that person like I understand a billion percent
 like I don't like I mean Doug saw me when I asked his beautiful daughter to marry me and
 Was I like the awkward nerdy weird kid who didn't dare to even talk to anybody?
 Yeah
 So grateful he said yes, I would have been like looking back on and out and like no
 So I understand this looks like how do you how do you find your voice to be able to do that?
 We're actually comfortable, right?
 Okay, and there's a process most of us don't just begin one day. We're like oh, we're amazing
 Okay, so first you're gonna be really really bad, but you can get better
 So I want to show you guys this one video clip right here to help you guys understand how this works
 This is one of my friends Garrett JY
 He has created a movement that helped has helped over ten thousand men to reclaim and save their marriages and
 Reclaim their bodies and he's an amazing person and this is a message he had for all of you guys today
 So first I'll understand what you try and the beginning is gonna suck
 But you'll get better and you'll suck less as you keep doing this and eventually you'll suck less so little
 actually
 But just try to do the fact that you're gonna suck all right
 He has all straight to the fact you're gonna suck it first you okay with that
 Because that is that is the key when you take when you decide to take this scary leap from I am a student
 I'm learning I'm absorbing - I'm gonna be a leader and I'm gonna change people's lives
 It's a scary shift every person. I know who's taking that shift it scares the crap out of them
 Okay
 And if you guys are sitting here like in whatever position or role you're in right now if you're not stepping up like you should be
 It's because you're scared right how many guys
 Are willing to admit that that you know you should be stepping up more than you are right now and you're in your current role
 Yeah, it's scary. So how do we get over that?
 So I'm gonna doodle some stuff if you have ever read my books every other pages of doodle. I'm a doodler
 So that's what they all look like so if you think about this if I'm leading people right
 There's this there's this thing up here, and I'm trying to get them a result
 Okay, so this is the top mountain with the result
 Okay, and so for everybody guys, it's different okay for the people you're serving. What is the result?
 You're trying to get for them okay if it's your family. What's the result? You're trying to get for your family if it's a business
 What's the result? You're trying to get for your customers? Okay? What's the result trying to get for your employees on your team?
 Okay from the government what is the result you're trying to get like there's a result
 We're all trying to get right and we're looking towards that
 And so a lot of us want to do is we want to become the expert after we've gotten up here on this hill when we figured out
 We've got the result okay
 The problem is most of us will never feel like we got there ever
 Right this is weird thing about us humans that the closer we get to the to the horizon the further way it looks
 It never we never get there so because they were waiting like someday. I'll be ready someday
 I'm gonna be awesome someday
 I'm gonna feel comfortable in front of a stage someday
 I'm gonna and we start waiting right okay, that's what I'm gonna create so for my people the biggest thing I teach all of them is like we all have to be
 Publishing some we have to be like putting stuff out there into the world okay?
 Emotion is gonna be it's gonna be nervous, but the the goal is I want you guys all documenting
 Teen that's those documenting the journey
 Okay, I want you to document the journey how many of you guys here like to write you feel like you're a writer
 Okay, so everyone's hands up right now
 So there's my writers
 Okay, how many guys like the thought of writing like you'd rather die
 But like you would love to like have a radio voice and like talk to me. I was like feel good talking you like to talk about things
 Okay
 Dogs like I'm on both of those that's awesome. Okay, so we've got talkers. We got writers. We got talkers
 And then the third one is how many guys like to be on video and you can just be like this is me. I'm amazing. Oh
 No one wants to be on video in this room
 Wow in the entrepreneur room. This is all they want to do is video. They all want me on TV like oh, okay great
 I am all right so video so um
 What I recommend doing this is gonna feel super uncomfortable for you guys
 In your pursuit of this result. I want you guys documenting the journey
 Okay, this is important because if you want people to follow you if they need to see the process of where you're going
 They're not gonna believe you. They're not gonna follow you
 okay
 Four and a half years ago
 My company at the time went through almost bankruptcy. I don't know how we didn't it was like
 At 120 employees I had a fire one woke up had a fire 80 people in a day
 And then over the next year I had a fire almost everybody else. I had people I love people
 I thought my best friends walk out on me the most my people my family walked out on me. It was the most vulnerable scary
 painful dark spot I've ever been my entire life and
 I had this vision of what I wanted to create but I know how to get there. I had no money
 I had no team now. I lost everything. I'm like I gotta get here
 You know what I'm gonna do I'm gonna launch a podcast
 Like that's the worst time I want to podcast, right?
 Okay, I'm gonna launch a business podcast in the middle of my failures
 I'm like, oh, why am I doing that? I'm like, I don't know but I feel like I need to do it
 So I want this podcast because I'm a talker, right?
 And so what I would do is I would I had on my iPhone and I would drive for my for my house to my new office
 After he fired everybody we moved down to the little tiny office was four minutes from my house and on the drive
 I would talk I'm like hey guys going off today. I'm gonna try to do this. I've known if it's gonna work across my fingers
 I hope and pray it works
 Can I call it the marketing your car podcast and every day for three years? I would
 Drive and just tell people what I was trying to do and the successes and the failures and what's amazing now?
 I fast-forward four and a half five years from there
 Click for all this is the company. We did we do over 70 million dollars last year. We're on track this year
 We're 150 million dollars in sales
 We are trying to change the world and what's amazing is that I have documented the entire process
 From being at the darkest scariest part to here
 And what's amazing is that entrepreneurs people who follow me come in and they're down here, right?
 Now they see me right here like oh, here's Russell doing all this amazing stuff. They look at that and they're like I can't do that
 That's never gonna be possible
 Right, it's hard. You see somebody at the success point
 We came back and they all come in and they start listening podcast and they start I told them all go start episode one
 And let's episode one and listen to episode two and they know what the result is
 They start following on this journey. I guess what starts happening as they go on this journey
 They know where I'm at they start having belief of like oh my gosh
 Like this is where he was at three and a half years ago like I think I could be there
 I believe I could do that and they start following you. Okay now. They've reported they believe you and how they will follow you anywhere
 You want to go?
 Okay, so inside what you guys are doing if you just try to be this perfect person
 We have this weird thing is as humans where we think that us posturing ourselves and talking about amazing ours
 What gets people to connect with us?
 It is the most
 Unshoothing on earth when you posture and try to show amazing you are all it does is it pushes people away
 I've seen it time and time again one of our success stories. Name's Natalie Hodson. She lives in Meridian
 I don't and
 She was the weight loss guru and she was always postured in position and I try to be all awesome and she struggled
 She never made any money and one day she's on a weight loss video and she's sitting there and she had two kids two ten pound kids
 Prior to this and apparently I didn't know this. This is something awkward for Doug
 You're gonna find this out with me as well apparently women after they've kids have a problem sometimes where if they sneeze or they laugh or they jump on a trampoline
 They pee their pants
 You just know about this the men I didn't know this
 Okay
 Yeah for the man hates ruin this like so Natalie Natalie is doing a live video
 streaming it to thousands of people doing a workout and in the middle of her workout wearing
 Shorts that were gray. She pees her pants
 And she's like I can't hide this I just peed my pants. What would you do in that situation?
 Most of us have run and hide right and we've never come back again ever
 But now they sat there after it ended and she got over the initial like embarrassment humiliation. She said man
 I bet you other people struggling with this besides just me I
 Can go and hide in the shell and disappear or I can figure out how do I solve this problem?
 I got to figure this out for myself because I just peed my pants on live TV
 Right and so she went she hired a doctor
 She figured out some exercises and in about 30 a period of time
 She figured out a way to strengthen the muscles or however that all works and and figure it out
 And she documented this journey and then this doctor that helped her on the process
 She she asked the doctor the senior you're doing with that you've been helping with can we like can I write a book?
 I'm writing ebook and kind of explains whole process to it to other women like me and they're like sure and so she wrote the whole thing and
 After you got the ebook done. She put up a website sell for thirty seven dollars. She came on video in front of everybody and said
 Check out this picture you guys peed my pants. It's really embarrassing
 But I got some good news for you
 I figured out how to stop it and now I can help you guys as well. Okay, this was in February of last year
 It's a thirty seven dollar ebook from February it took her four and a half months to sell a million dollars of her ebook
 Okay
 Now imagine she would have been postured like oh like I met this person who peed their pants this one time and like
 I nobody would have done because she was vulnerable and she let him in she was able to change their lives
 Okay, almost a hundred thousand women now bought her ebook and she's got
 Pends of thousands of success towards people's lives. She's changed because of it
 Okay, so we have this weird thing where we want to only show off the highlight real you show the highlight really you'll push everybody away
 Okay, you show yourself document the process talking about the frustrations the problems things you're trying to figure out
 It brings people close to you the vulnerabilities will get people to actually listen to you
 Okay, true leaders are vulnerable. That's why people follow them not because they're perfect. It's the opposite of that, right?
 I think about perfect people how many guys like superhero movies?
 All right, so
 If you notice that like Superman is the worst character of all time unless
 Or until he had Kryptonite, right when he's flawless and he can't die like nobody like you can't relate to Superman, right?
 So they introduce Kryptonite now. He's got a weakness now people actually care about it
 He's got a family people care about him, right?
 Most superheroes have these insane flaws because that's what makes people connect with them most actors actresses people who are like
 Celebbers like the people we connect with the most are not the perfect people
 So people that are vulnerable who have connection with okay
 So for you guys and whatever sphere of influence you are in if you want to actually influence people and get the change you want
 You need to start opening those things up. I feel like the best ways to document
 So for those of you guys who are writers I highly highly highly recommend that each of you guys starting your own blog
 It's gonna be scary for some of you guys. You should start a blog you start documenting this process my goal is to get here
 I want to leave all these whoever it is and just start writing now the best thing about this actually step back
 So the writers do that the talkers you should start a podcast these things are all free to start
 We just jump on your phone when you're driving or when you're on a little microphone and like podcast the journey
 What you're trying to do if you're in a video you can do videos as well
 We should pick one of those and you start documenting the process now again
 This is the this this this thing right here where we're scary right right?
 I don't know if the good thing is that first nobody will actually ever follow you or see you or whatever right?
 Most of you started blogging start blogging. Nobody will ever see it because there's nobody there
 Okay, when I sit on my podcast, I didn't know how to set up a podcast because again
 I'm not technical at all so I figured it out. It was live
 I didn't know how to see if people are watching it or if people are listening I had no idea
 It took me three and a half years before my brother who's the more technical in me like figured out if people are listening
 What was interesting is for the first year and a half nobody was listening a podcast?
 I'm so grateful. I never knew that so it has stopped
 Okay, but now I have this amazing thing. So that's the best things like you should even if you'd like to start publishing it
 I promise you guys like this this will open up people to you so much more than start seeing you're going through
 Okay
 Think about people you connect with think about the blogs you read or the articles of the podcast like the characters
 We follow and we listen to and we respect the people that we follow them on this journey, okay? All right, so that's the first big part
 So document the journey. All right, so just a practical example of this
 So this is one of my friends into Anthony Clemeni
 He wrote a book called a biohackers guide upgraded energy and focus and he put it out there and guess what happened?
 Nothing nobody bought it. You remember movie filled of dreams, right? If you build it they will come
 Yeah, it's not true if you build it like you spent like a year writing this book
 He's like universe here's the book and then nobody bought it. So he's like what should I do?
 I was like, okay, do you want to write? He's like no writing sucks
 He said he took me a whole year write that book and it was horrible. Okay
 Do they talking he's like I can't figure out how to like a microphone. I'm like how about video?
 He's like I love video. So he's the biohackers
 Let me just probably don't buy a hacking is biohacking is like this weird science of ways to like make your body more amazing
 Right and so he does all sorts of crazy weird things
 So I said this is the this we need to do every single day get your phone out your iPhone and go to Facebook
 And you guys what Facebook live is well button you click and also in your live in front of everybody
 I was like go to your fan page and do a Facebook live every day doing one biohack from your book and just showing people how it works
 And tell them about your book and he's like well like where do I do it to him?
 I go to your fan page like I don't have a fan page just that the fan page was like
 biohacking whatever and things biohacking fan page and then and then I went and I liked it and then his mom went
 So we have two followers him and his mom that was it
 I was like hey go live in there every single day and he's like but there's only two of you
 I'm like I'll just just trust me so we went live every race the first day
 I'm like do the more weird the thing is the better
 So he like put on these laser glasses that shine infrared light since your eyes which helped to stimulate something and make
 She's do something and who knows so we did a weird thing like that did the vid Facebook live
 And he's like hey you saw my mom's side and nobody else and nobody has sold any books
 I'm like it's all right do it again
 So I told me to do every single day and tell him to stop so every single day for next 90 days
 He did a video talking about something from his book and say go buy the book and talk about the book and go buy something from
 But now we were able to do in Facebook. So there's a bunch of them
 What's cool in Facebook? I don't know how many you guys know about online advertising or stuff
 But what's cool about is that I can go and we can find like hey who people that might be interested in this who people
 About other books related to this or they follow different people or whatever
 And so what we do is we spend about this video be done
 And I'd go I'd spend five dollars and say show this to a bunch of those people and see if I could get any traction
 So we send some out and we spend five dollars and ads and like you didn't get much traction
 So I like that that message was wrong. Okay, let's let's find. Let's try another one. So we try another one put it out there
 So the five dollars nothing happened. It didn't work and we did that for 17 days in a row 16 days in a row
 Then day number 17. I think he was lazy or something cuz I want to do the weird stuff and so
 day
 Day 17. I think he was tired or lazy or something. He's like I'm gonna teach people how to biohack their vegetables
 And I saw the video going live and I was like bagging your vegetables like that's weird
 And it was like he had a pan and he had organic grass fed butter and he put it in a pan and he put his vegetables in there
 He cooked him with organic grass fed butter. That's how you biohack vegetables apparently
 I was like dude you totally wasted a day like you should have something weird
 And he's like no like this is this is we put it out there
 I said five dollars and ads to an audience that might be interested in this and guess what happened?
 We sold a couple books. I was like weird
 So we spent a little bit more money and we sold some more books and since more money
 We sold more books and in that video I'm getting 1.5 million views
 All profitably didn't cost us any we spent every dollar we spend and make two dollars back out
 So they go buy the book and they buy some of the upsells and so it's all profitable
 So we were just funding this thing and blew up his message then within
 60 days he had 50,000 people following him online
 He was sold over 30,000 copies of his book and what's exciting is when 12 months
 He won a two comic club made over a million dollars inside that one little funnel selling his book. Is that amazing?
 Okay, so that's for him be like I'm that's but I'm not a biohacking guy doesn't work for me, right?
 So I have some questions for you guys. Let's just say Anthony had
 like a roadside sign
 He'll drive and think like he'd sell for many books that way
 At least 50,000 of them in the year. No, right?
 Yet I look at like how people are doing stuff this morning. We were driving by
 Leaving Boise coming here and I saw this
 These are all the politicians how they're trying to win
 How many votes do they've ever gone off any of these?
 zero
 zero
 Okay, if I had a book there for Anthony someone's book I guarantee there be zero book sales
 Okay, I'm a direct response nerd. I watch every dollar I spend exactly what happens. I'm gonna make back
 I know that if I was to spend an ad sign I put an ad on side
 Side everything I get zero clicks from that. No and like I'm looking at these Tommy Alquist like what is what's that?
 I see names. I don't even know what these are
 blows my mind now imagine
 And then we've got people doing this in different states around the world winning elections. I kill them it
 So instead of putting a random sign in the middle of nowhere with your name on it
 It doesn't tell you anything imagine if Tommy or Scott or any of these guys started in Facebook live every day
 They did a Facebook live and you said I want this Facebook
 I'd be showing to all the people in my voting districts who are Republicans or who are Democrats
 You make one for the Republicans one for the Democrats, right?
 Well one for whatever party you just show that video to those people, right?
 And when you do it you test out a message every day you do a video
 Okay, and the first video you put out for your political campaign
 It's like this and nobody responds like kind nobody actually cares about that
 I watch these political commercials that are online and I'm like on tv and watching these things and blows my mind
 So I'm like these are issues that I don't think people still care about
 But we have no idea. They're just guessing right
 We're here. I know exactly which message people cared about which ones they did and the ones that people cared about we blew up the ones
 They didn't let they died
 Like if I was writing for any political office right now
 Man, I've been doing a Facebook live every single a testing out message after message after message after message every testing on this audience versus
 This audience versus this audience and finding out what were the things that the Democrats responded to in the republicans and the and who everybody responded what messages
 And we'd spend money on those ones and blow it up. Okay, we got people winning uh brand and the kaolin the weight loss couple I showed you guys earlier
 Um, they had a friend in new mexico who was like with the running for some political office
 Two years ago. I was like this internet stuff worked for me
 And they're like do they even know who you are? He's like I got nobody knows who I am. I'm brand new politician
 They're like let us let us show you they did a little bit of this stuff in one election
 Okay, it's understanding some of these basic principles you guys like getting them out there
 Okay, if I saw any of the politicians and again, I'm not somebody who follows politics super close
 I don't even know who's running to be completely honest. Um other than that sign I just saw but if I saw Tommy all quest
 I saw sees Scott grow or any of those guys on the side every single name my newsfeed popping up
 Explaining things some of the message I'm not gonna care about but every once in a while something's actually gonna hit me
 I'm gonna be like oh my gosh. That's something I actually care about. I'm gonna comment. I'm gonna share
 Right and that's how social media is like when people understand the harness that like it's the most amazing thing the world to get your message out there
 Okay, so when you're trying to become this expert like half of them half of the job is to figure out what your voice is like
 What do people actually want to hear?
 Okay, and I let the people actually vote and tell me by what do they click on? What do they share where they actually watch?
 Okay, that's what actually matters. Okay, I don't want to get political, but I thought it was funny. They seen that I'm just like
 man
 I don't know much that sign cost like about a lot of facebook ads for that sign
 And the theme about facebook or instagram or youtube I can target so hyper focus like just people in my voting districts who are
 Leading this direction on a on a policy or this way and you make different messages for all of them. It's magic. All right
 Okay, so step number one charismatic leader. Okay, that is you guys and whatever role you're in parent teacher in the government politician
 Entrepreneur salesperson
 Somebody working in a company like I don't care what role it is like you have to be that charismatic leader
 My wife and I're talking about this like we need to be the charismatic leaders for our kids
 Okay, they need to plug into us. We're also not gonna go anywhere. Okay
 I have no idea how I'm doing on time either. So someone just cut the mic when I'm like way over
 I'm just gonna keep going till you guys are bored or we're done
 Is that right?
 Okay
 And number one now number number two
 So second piece in this after you've got yourself and you're becoming the leader the second thing is that you get if you lead people just on a direction
 Um, you're gonna struggle, right? So the second thing is a future based cause
 I'm sure you guys know the video really quick. I believe
 Uh, yeah, okay, so um, how many of you guys do CrossFit this room?
 How many guys are aware of the CrossFit cold?
 Okay, so that's what this video is about and I promise there's a point to it besides just watching it
 So I said to her I says it before you go farther. Why are you talking?
 Let's get back to the box
 Great
 I don't care
 I don't care a lot of care. Thank you. Don't care first rule of crossFit. Oh, we talked about CrossFit
 I think not just an exercise. It's a cult. I mean way of life. Did you say it's a cult?
 You guys just exercise without showing off
 Jesus
 Go
 You guys seem really sick at first
 Disturbing I expect you have this new hobby really excited about you don't want to change your personality
 Long CrossFit is not a hobby. It's a cult. It's a cult. It's a cult again. No, it's a cult. It's a second time
 It says if you can't see a burpees check of course covered in fog
 No
 So um
 We saw that video in our office
 It was the funniest thing ever for next like everyone knows someone who didn't crossfit and was a big joke like oh, you're the cult sure
 And so I started to use that for entrepreneurs. I'm like you want to create a culture of people right
 But it's similar to a cult but obviously culture evil so it's like how to do that
 So i'm going to talk about how we build culture inside of our movements, right because that's big it's a big part
 So the first step in creating a culture to get people to follow you on this journey
 So you can actually change their lives. Okay again
 I was doing all this study looking at all the mass movements throughout time
 The one commonality is that all of them focus on some future based cause
 Okay, now I was writing my last book
 It was interesting was during the middle of the presidential elections and I was actually writing this chapter
 It was right after the trump hillary debates had just happened and so the tv was still on i had it muted
 But it was like kind of playing in the background i'm writing this chapter
 I'm doing research trying to figure out like just a bunch of different examples of this part in action
 And as soon as I saw that I looked over and I saw
 The different campaigns and what was fascinating was this
 Okay, um hillards campaign
 Was halo to clinton fighting for us
 Halo to clinton. I'm with her everything's very very present based
 I was like huh. This is before anyone wants. I'm like, huh?
 I look over and see trumps and trumps is future based cause make america great again. Come on guys. We're making america great
 Let's go. Come on. Come on
 Now, I know who's gonna win during that election. I watched and I was like huh
 I was like I wonder like if I go back in time if there's a pattern here
 So I'm back to wikipedia and I started searching what were the presidential slogans of every single presidential campaign back to
 George Washington and I started looking what was fascinating was this um
 Almost what the hundred percent accuracy the the um the candidate who had a future based cause one and the candidate who had a present based cause lost
 Fascinating. Okay, george bush a proud tradition very present based right bill clinton. It's time to change america
 Let's go. We're changing. Come on guys. Let's go
 Okay, john mccain country first
 Obama change. Come on. Let's go
 Okay, you go back in time. It's almost a hundred percent accuracy
 The person of the future based cause won the election the person who was in the present based lost
 That fascinating
 Okay, look at again every every mass movement look at the nazi party look at christianity
 Look at apple computers. Look at all of these things. It was a future based cause all of them had that
 Okay, so again when we're aware of the pattern like how do we how do we magnify that?
 How do we manipulate that? How do we how do we use it for our good right?
 So for me i'm selling software and our software builds funnels funnels sells people's products
 And i was like how do i how do i create future based cause amongst my community?
 Okay, and i remember we were doing one of our big events and i was sitting here and i was trying to write the headline for our event
 And uh, and i had his headlight said you're just one funnel away from from getting rich or something
 I was like, oh, it seems to like dirty and like, uh, so i had to leave that i'm like and a lot of people
 That's not why they're doing this right so it's like hey you want you're one funnel away from from uh from uh from
 Getting your message out to more people and i was like that's better, but that's not why everyone's doing this i'm like oh
 you're one funnel away from um
 From from getting out of bankruptcy or from firing your boss i try to like fire six different extensions
 I get i didn't like most fun i deleted all i'm sitting there looking at it and all i had is your one funnel way dot dot dot and i was like
 That's it
 That's my future based cause all you'll understand like when you were here and you're part of what we're doing
 Like you're one funnel way like the first one you launched may not be successful maybe the second one or the third one
 But if you keep focusing on this eventually you hit the right one and you're even one funnel way
 So we launched this event with the theme of your one funnel way we had 1500 entrepreneurs come to this message
 We did the whole thing and from there it created belief in their minds
 And we had person after person get up and like this is the first funnel i launched it didn't it bomb
 Here's the second here's the third, but the fourth one for me was the one that hit
 Let me tell you what happened and how it worked and they showed that one and next speaker came up
 I tried this and I tried this side, but this was the one that worked for me and how I got free and so everyone started sharing their thing
 And all of some people started believing it
 I had members people who would email our customer support and say you know what i'm paying for click funnels now for six months
 People pay between 97 and 297 dollars a month. I'm paying for six months now having a single funnel that that's successful
 But every time I move I want to quit or try to cancel
 I hear Russell in my head saying you're one funnel way and I get back to work folks in the next funnel in the next funnel
 And for me this future-based cause has been huge
 Okay, people stick with us and they keep working towards success with us because they all believe in this
 Okay, now all of our events all my podcasts all my books is always talking about this this concept you're one funnel way
 Okay, and we showcase people that have done it over and over again now people believe
 Okay, if you want people to follow you they have to believe
 Okay, as they believe in the cause they to believe where they're going
 All right
 Number two yet to figure out some kind of process within what you're doing to help them to break their four minute mile
 Okay, i'm sure most of you guys are familiar with um
 The story of roger banister roger banister
 Was the first person ever I think it was 1965 he broke the the four minute mile and prior to that for
 6 000 years on earth human beings thought it was impossible people tried and tried and tried to know did roger banister did it
 It was crazy as soon as he did it since he broke the four minute mile people believed it was possible and he was um john
 I'm gonna mess with the name now john laying I think i was like 48 46 days later
 I believe broke the four minute mile and since then tons of people have done it
 But they believed in it right and I was I was creating our company
 I started thinking about like why did I believe that what I was doing really worked
 I thought back when clinton I had first just got married is like our first or second year marriage
 And we were on a family union down in bairlake
 And it was before cell phones before internet access and so the only internet access was a little tiny library at bairlake
 And so we go there and um and I go over to the the um the computer check my email
 I'm checking my email on the computer there at the library and I got an email from this guy
 And I knew who he was but I didn't know much about what he was doing and the email said we did it
 I'm like what so I just read the email and in the email he had set a goal
 He said I want to make a million dollars in a day
 That was his goal. I was like that's that's a big goal
 And and I set up this whole thing and he had launched a product
 And he launched that product in in uh 18 hours he made a million dollars with it
 And I'm a 21 22 year old kid sitting there reading this and I was like there's a human being
 Just like me
 Who made a million dollars in a day?
 Like if he could do a million dollars in a day like
 I wonder if I could do a million dollars in a year. Is that possible?
 Because john reese did it. I believed I could do it
 So I was like I'm gonna that's my goal and that day I became I go make a million dollars in a year
 I know how I was gonna do but I'm like now it became a thing. I believe it was possible, right?
 Because john reese did it. I'm gonna do it
 So I started I started in january if I wanted to do an account here
 So it's our january first and I started going as fast as I could to see if I could make a million dollars a year
 And the very first year I didn't hit it. I missed it by a little bit
 Second you went through it and I missed it again
 Third year I went through by october 16th of that third year. I made a million dollars in a calendar year
 Because john reese did it. I knew that I could do it now since then
 This is awkward talk about my in-laws, but since then we've um, I've had multiple times
 We've done not just million dollars in a year. We've done million million dollars
 in a month and multiple times million dollars in a week multiple times million dollars in in a in a day and uh
 About 45 days ago. I was speaking at an event
 On stage and I did three million dollars in 90 minutes
 Because I believe that I could
 Right and there's my share that as I hate people to brag
 It's not just shares for all of you guys to understand like like it's possible, right?
 And some my entrepreneurs like I share that with them so they're like oh my gosh like
 Russell looks like he's 14 years old like he can barely even talk to people like one-on-one like this is
 He's not technical and he did it thinking you know that I can do it
 So for you guys, what's the four-minute mile for the people you're trying to leave like what is that for them?
 Okay, you create that so for us to create the four-minute mile was called the two-comma club
 Okay at the time we had like 17 people qualified for it
 We told them about it within a year. We had 93 people who qualified for that this year
 We had 258 people who got that award and then I was like always people were wearing a million bucks in the funnel
 We need a new four-minute mile so we had the 10 figure award
 We had 17 people this year it hit hit 10 million dollars inside of a funnel
 Okay, and we got a whole bunch of people that are going now for the next one trying to hit the next one
 But we keep creating these things where people are moving towards and so for you whatever sphere of influence you're like
 What is what's the four-minute mile for you?
 Okay
 My wife and I were talking about this again like how do we rep how to replicate it in our family?
 I was like, what's the four-minute mile for for our family? What's the what's the thing we want to get to okay?
 and um we're Mormons and so we uh
 What uh what our four-minute mile that we're working on is like um
 I've got five kids now and I was like how cool would it be if like each of our kids like we had goal like we want to make sure that
 They they hopefully go on missions. Hopefully they get married in the temple. I always kind of things
 I was like what if all of us
 As a as a family could all be together for our youngest daughter names Nora. She's like three years old right now
 She's the stinking cutest thing in the world
 And I was like what if we were all able that when she was um
 She's able to get married in the temple that all of us would be in the spot where we could be in the temple with her together
 And that became like our form in a mile and we're talking to our kids about that now they're all excited like yes
 That's what we're going. We're going to do it. We're all going to do together as a family
 Okay, and how's that shift the fit the focus of the family when that's the thing now if you guys are going to be something completely different
 I'm sure but for your family for your movement for your business forever. It is like have these things my internal company
 I tell all my employees like like we have internal things like this as well like because I want people growing within our company
 So we have things the landmarks and things they can work towards because when they have somebody that they move towards
 Um then they will move they don't they're not going to move
 Okay, so create the form in a mile. How am I doing on time?
 All right
 Since I've five something half an hour, which what is it?
 Okay, the stories go longer short all right form in a mile all right
 Um next thing you gotta help people to self identify with your cause
 Okay, this was a test we did that was a complete accident
 Um, we had people joining click funnels and they were canceling and we're like how do we get people to stay and we kind of internally call
 ourselves funnel hackers like that was like this cool term we kind of made it for ourselves
 And so I decided I'm like what if when someone creates their free account to click funnels
 We make them watch like a 20 minute video shows them how to actually use it
 And then if they watch the video send them a shirt for free, it says funnel hacker
 And I was like, I have no idea that's gonna work and all but let's just try it
 So we tried it and we started shipping out a lot of shirts like hundreds a day and then thousands a day and um
 It was really expensive
 Clint who's my uh
 It's part of the part of the family here. He's our cpa and he came and he's like dude
 This is like really expensive. We can't keep shipping out shirts for free. Like you need to sell these
 I'm like, I know but like I want people having them and then finally he's talking to me the point like we should just cancel
 As part of the program so we're about to cancel it and I got a message from this guy
 And the guy sent me a picture on facebook and he had this shirt on and he was like, hey
 And I was like, hey man like nice shirt. He's like, this is the coolest thing
 He's like, hey, I got something I gotta tell you this is kind of awkward but he's like
 I've been using click funnels now for s- he's like, I've had an account to click funnels now for like five months
 He's like, I've never logged in after that first day because he sent me this shirt
 And like I'm a funnel hacker. I'm part of this movement. Like I believe in what I will never cancel my account even though I never logged in
 I was like, what?
 That doesn't make any sense
 And that's actually other people at airports taking pictures that I'm the airport
 I'm a funnel hacker and other people and then people like would meet each other wearing our shirts at like
 Random weird spots and then I had these big reunions together and like having these throw out and posting pictures back to our group
 Like I met this guy at the airport with funnel hackers and like and became this thing
 I was like, oh my gosh like this is like feeding our movement people are like they feel a sense of belonging
 I am a funnel hacker. I build funnels then so we straighted a whole t-shirt company
 Just with things like this we give to people now because when they can put on a t-shirt
 They feel part of something if you ever come to the click funnels offices in Boise
 You walk in every single person on my team all they do and this is not like like required at all
 But they have there's no one on my team that doesn't wear click funnel shirts every single day
 Look at my customers. They all are so proud of they'll show pictures of their closet
 And all they have is all of our t-shirts all lined up and now all they wear is click funnel stuff
 Okay
 Now when the competitor comes they're trying to be this because they're cheaper or because they have more features
 What do you think those people say?
 I'm a funnel hacker. I don't care about your stuff
 Right
 Okay, so you want to create self identity within the movement you're creating
 So for you guys like how do you create that self identity?
 You see in politics, right? People are very i'm a republican. I'm a democrat
 People have kind of done that but within what you're doing your organizations and your businesses and your companies like how do you create that?
 How do you create that self identity where they put this on they become a superhero?
 Kalen the the weight loss
 A person told you about earlier. She does this really good with her with her culture of people
 She does a she does every single week they launch new uh new swag
 And she says that my my women i'm teaching them how to become superheroes and she this is their super
 This is their caution they put it on and said they change
 Okay, they put it on now. I can go lose weight because i'm i'm a lady boss. That's her business the lady bosses
 Okay, so getting people to self identify. Okay. All right, so i'm gonna move a little faster
 But step number one again is about you guys developing yourselves as leaders
 Documenting this process being vulnerable sharing the stuff that gets people to actually connect with you
 Number two then is figuring out the future based cause okay
 Every book i read on mass movements was fascinating they talked about how like if you look at typical businesses
 um
 Or schools or organizations like people come in and then they they they start at the bottom and then they slowly work up the the corporate ladder
 Things like that, right?
 He said no mass movement was ever um ever launched based on that philosophy of of slowly growing within
 It's all about future based cause they're going somewhere big. They're doing something different
 That's how you inspire people actually follow you
 Okay, now number three
 This is one that's like
 The hardest to explain
 But the most important to understand
 Okay, number three is every mass movement the leader of the mass movement
 Shared a future based cause and then offered that his people his or her people a new opportunity
 Okay, and this is this is the key to understand if you look at it even again negative or positive you look at
 Um, i'll talk about hitler and the nazi party, right?
 So when hitler was there he didn't come to the nazi's and be like hey guys. This is the deal
 He talked about it. We're gonna free germany. We're gonna be the chosen people he didn't come back and said what we're gonna do that
 All the war reparations that we have from world war number one. We're just gonna
 I'm gonna figure out a way to make it better for you guys. We're gonna make it less. He was like no
 This is wrong
 We're ripping this up. We're creating a new opportunity new government new everything
 We're getting rid of all the stuff and it's gone and as people are like, yes
 I want to take that when christ came with christianny was the same thing he didn't come back and say hey love mozus
 You know it's kind of annoying. We're gonna like simplify a little twig some sequel stuff and make it a little better
 He was like no i'm here. This is now gone. There's a new covenant and this is the new thing come follow me here
 Okay, look at every mass movement when steve jobs was at apple he didn't stand on stage in his black turtleneck
 So you guys listen to the deal you all have cd players
 They can play up to 12 songs. I got a cd player that can play 20 songs
 No, he said he see the players are dead. Let me show you the new opportunity and he pulled out boom the ipod
 People aren't crazy. You have the phone. He didn't say hey guys. I got a phone now
 I got a cell phone that like you can flip it up and uh like it flips backwards too
 And there's two antennas like no he said boom the iphone
 He offered his people a new opportunity
 Okay
 And this is this is the key especially like in businesses is the key it's true in in uh
 In politics like everything it's like your people have to be excited about the new opportunity. Okay
 Um, so the best way to kind of
 Again, this is the hardest one to explain but the most important so the the opposite of a new opportunity is what we call an improvement offer
 um
 People like the idea of improving right like oh, yeah, I want to lose weight. I want to feel better
 I want to want to get smarter. I want to um
 Typically is anything with an er after better smarter faster healthier, but the problem with er's is like um
 We have desire to do that
 But most people don't have actual ambition to look at the world as a whole
 I would say maybe 2% of the world actually has ambition to do anything right
 So when you're trying to create a movement and you're giving somebody an improvement like hey, we're gonna do this better than they did
 Okay, most people don't take it
 Okay, because um when you're offering improvement
 What first thing if I come to you and I can't help you to live healthier for you to say yes to that opportunity
 You have to admit that you suck at being healthy
 Right
 Which is hard for us as humans like we think we're amazing
 Even people I know who are severely overweight all think that their weight loss gets experts
 It's amazing when I start losing weight every single person is overweight start telling me what I was doing wrong
 Okay, well, right it's hard if you offer improvement
 They have to admit that they're bad at the thing you're offering them whereas if I offer you a new opportunity
 It's like that thing over there sucks. It failed you don't worry about that like don't do that
 This is this is where we're going. This is the new opportunity come over here
 Okay, how do you create a new opportunity for your people?
 Okay, when I came out with click funnels, um everyone how many of us have a website?
 Okay, if I already came out click funnels, I'm like hey guys. I had a way to make websites is way faster
 You can like move things around it's better. It's really really awesome. How many of us would be in on that?
 One person would be in okay
 It's hard to create a mass movement. So when I came in when we came in I said look guys websites are dead
 They're a track player of how to get people to listen to your message
 Like it's the we literally had videos like the death of a website the websites over like this is like the worst thing in the world
 We're talking about websites how they're literally like slamming a bunch of people into a brick wall
 Like it's just like your customers don't come in okay
 But having websites like literally having a salesperson who like walks up somebody hands them a brochure and like here you go
 And then runs off in hopes that they come back and buy something now if you guys have a sales person on your team
 That's how they sold stuff. How long would they last for you?
 You fire them right so what a funnel is is a new opportunity. It's not a brochure
 It's not something that what a funnel is it's like having a salesperson come to someone and say hey, what's your name?
 Oh, you need Julie come on and Julie. So what are you looking for today?
 Oh, you want that let me take you over here and the funnel takes them through an actual buying process is customized for them
 That's the future of commerce. That's the future of everything we're doing
 So we offer people a new opportunity because the thing called the funnels okay, and that's what caused this movement to create for us
 That's why people are like shifting from their things
 If I said this is a better way to website like I already have a website though
 It's hard that it's paying to disconnect to do that. But if I have a new opportunity like okay, that's nice
 You should just delete it and start over here. This is the new opportunity. Come on guys
 That's what we got 62,000 entrepreneurs to follow us right now. Okay, but often they have a new opportunity
 Um, so within the sphere what you're doing. It's like thinking that how do you how do you actually create?
 How do you create those new opportunities? All right, um, I have one more thing I want to share with you guys and then I'll be done for today
 So now you kind of understand again this whole thing is like understanding
 Here's the pattern and after you know the pattern now we can amplify it, right?
 So why are you just thinking about this in any sphere of influence that you're in?
 Okay, because persuasion and influence is not just about business or just about our entrepreneurs
 It is it works really good there. It's a fun testing ground because you can test things at scale
 But this is true in everything with your family your sphere of influence it church what's your sphere of influence at um
 In your businesses and your government organizations whatever it is you're doing
 You have a sphere of influence right if you want to persuade people to move and to change
 Look at the pattern. It's been proven over and over and over again in our sense about developing yourself
 So building a cause of people believe in it's about offering these people new opportunities. They will follow you
 To the promise land
 Okay, that's the key. So then the next piece of this that's one share really quickly
 um
 And I wish I could go in for days about some kind of stuff. I totally probably can tell you get all the stuff
 I love it. Um, is how do we how do you get people to follow you right?
 Um, they always say that facts tell and stories sell and I'm a big huge believer in storytelling
 And I wish I had time to go super deep into it
 But I do want to share um, I do want to share one thing because I think it's
 One of the most powerful things you can you can learn and understand
 Is you were trying to help people
 How many you guys in this room guys and gals and friends like you're good at selling stuff
 Have you guys like feel like you're horrible at selling stuff?
 Okay, I don't care what thing you're doing you're at all in sales
 Okay, when I want to go to movie i have to sell my spouse or my friends on coming to the movie
 If i'm eating dinner, I have to sell like why we see this versus this like if you want something to move inside your organization
 Like anything you're doing you're always involved in sales. So we have to all become good at it
 Okay, one way or the other and if we understand this, this is the easiest
 Like if you can graph this becomes really really easy to sell anybody anything, right? So the first thing I understand is
 This is each of you
 Back when you were a normal human being how many of you remember being a normal human being
 Okay, I remember I was normal. I used to wake up in the morning. I'd go to school
 I come home from school
 I'd eat rice, crispy, and cheerios while i watch cartoons
 Tell my mom I'd eat dinner and I'd eat dinner and I'd go to bed at night and everything was awesome
 And like it was so fun and everything was perfect and something happened to me
 Okay for me. I was um, I was like a 14 year old kid when it happened
 I saw this infomercial about this guy making money and like my mind shifted and all of a sudden I became obsessed with like
 Business and entrepreneurship and like I just became but I had this thing that happened to me, right?
 And for all of you guys that same thing happened for you, right?
 I think about like Kaitlyn in the weight loss market like she was this normal everyday person
 She was fine and all since she I decided she had to make a shift in her own life
 She lost all this weight and then she made the shift that I'm gonna help other people and like it began her on this journey, right?
 You'll get um for each of you guys like however you got into where it is today something happened to you, right?
 There's something it could have been school could have been
 Church could be somewhere in your life something happened where all of a sudden you went on this journey and you started changing, right?
 So this thing happened something emotional. It's usually an emotional experience
 Something happened and you're like oh you had the angel singing you're like that's what I'm gonna do the rest of my life
 This is my thing like this is the best thing ever, right? You guys all remember that for yourselves?
 If not we gotta go back and remember that okay, so something happened then you go on this journey
 and uh
 During this journey so what happened? Yeah, this is alcohol and epiphany
 Yeah, this epiphany, right? I'm like, oh, this is the thing and then you went on this journey over here and you start like
 Obsessing about it, right? You start studying about and learning and like you start geeking out on you're reading every single thing you can find
 You're in the list of the podcast the blogs and everything and you're just become obsessed with it, right?
 So you go on this journey and all of a sudden you become like superman or superwoman
 Okay, and you totally geek out and put glasses on here. This means you geeked out
 So you start geeking out and as you start geeking out what happened is you started trying to logically convince yourself of the thing you had the emotional experience about, right?
 Like I gotta feel all the facts and the data that backs up what I believe over here
 So we're going to start logically trying to figure out how to sell ourselves, okay?
 And what happens is we get all these words so um I have a chance for working network marketers sometimes
 And they're the worst this how many guys have ever been approached by a network marketer
 And the person comes to you and you're like how's it going? I'll say they jump on you and they start telling you about um
 Depends whatever company they're in but like about the the technology and the the nutrition and the this and then like all the stuff, right?
 um
 Uh they start just splurting thing on you
 Um, I see this in religion all the time people come there. It's like they'll find you in the pounce on you
 They're starting like jumping things on you, right? We call this techno babble
 techno babble
 This is all the stuff that's logically in your head when you see your perfect customer or prospect
 You just want to like spew it out on him because like you've got all the facts to prove it, right?
 And so that's what happens um
 Uh, I helped launch a network marketing company a little while ago. I wrote the sales scripts for them
 And it was funny. I went to the VA to speak one of their events and I was sitting in the lobby way
 And uh, it's the company that sells these things called uh called ketones you put in your body and it helps
 Put your body into ketosis and this is a big thing, right?
 So i'm sitting there in the lobby before watching all the people in this company running around
 They all the t-shirts on they have like ketones are greater than glucose and they're all in spandex
 And they're running around like all excited and I remember seeing like normal human beings coming into the hotels like check in and get their room, right?
 And these guys are like, oh my gosh, this is our time. We're gonna go and they come in they had pounce on everybody
 I'm listing the conversation and they're like start spewing this techno babble. I got my one shot and like prospect
 I'm gonna sell this person and they're like
 You need to have this because these beta hydroxyl periodate salts can put your body in ketosis that way
 You're no longer burning glucose you're even burning ketones and you're gonna lose more weight and you're more energy
 A little bit on all the stuff and and you see people just like a deer in the headlights and they just run off, right?
 Person after person after person and i'm watching this in the lobby just laughing since it's the coolest thing in the world
 Knowing that in like an hour i'm gonna be speaking to the same audience
 So now we're there to go speak this audience and they're like
 Um, they asked me if I could share one thing with more to be and I doodle this out for him
 I said this is the deal. I watched all you guys in the audience. Okay, how many you guys got this like how many guys remember what happened
 They got you into this company and they're all like they all remember that the moment why they got excited, right?
 They tried something to taste this or whatever it was for them everyone had their own epiphany that happened
 I said then how come in the hallway when I was listening to you guys you were all talking about beta hydroxyl
 Butyrate salts and about ketosis and ketones and glucose and all this stuff
 Did any of you guys in this room sign up because of any of those words right there that nobody understands?
 none of them
 Okay
 Yeah, that's how you wouldn't pitch all your prospects
 Okay, when you're selling anything to anybody the reason why if you suck at selling is because you're doing this
 You are taking your techno babble and shoving it down people's throats
 Okay, for you to become a good salesperson you have to just get rid of your techno babble
 You have to go back in time remember what was the thing that gave me the emotional experience over here
 They got me excited about this thing that i'm doing. Why am I pumped about it?
 Why am I excited? Why don't i want to tell everybody why am i trying to cross the movement and create people to change
 There's some reason why I got involved and why I got emotional about it. What was that reason? What was the story?
 Okay, now my job is remember that story and then to tell them the story and
 I hoping that if I tell them the story about how I had my epiphany they'll have the same epiphany as well
 I want them to be like oh my gosh
 That is a cool thing in the world. Okay, when Marcus Lemonus came to our event we paid him to come speak at our event
 He's the guy from the cmb sees the prophet. He's sitting there in the room. We had about 30 minutes with him before
 Uh, we want to stage he's like he comes and he's like there's a whole bunch of people out there who are really excited
 I'm like, I know he's like I thought you guys are like a website building company. I'm like well
 Yeah, we are we build these things all funnels and he's like well, why is everyone so excited?
 I'm like, huh
 Well, it's because they're funnels and also I started like trying to spew out this tech about my yeah
 They hire conversion rates and we can take them on a customer journey
 I'm like spewing out stuff and his eyes completely glazed over and I'm like crap
 Um, all right, so let me tell you a story so I'm back in time
 I was like, why do I believe in funnels?
 Why is this like why am I so excited about this topic?
 And so I told him about the very first business I had which was selling a potato gun DVD
 I told him the story how it worked and I went through this whole thing
 I told him the story and uh at the end of he was like wait a minute
 So he got the story and he's like so how does this work for this type of business?
 I tell him I how to work for this type of business. He asked two or three times and all he said he goes
 man
 Every business needs a funnel, huh?
 He had the epiphany of like yes
 And he goes do you want to be on the show? It's like yes
 Okay, he had the epiphany
 So if you want to sell anything guys the key is to understand like this is why you logically
 Have sold your cell phone but nobody buys things logically
 You don't go down to the car dealership and buy a Ferrari logically, right?
 You buy it emotionally you drive a home and you try to convince your wife like well
 It's really good gas mileage and like it's got a bumper to bumper like rear end war and whatever like no like you can vent yourself logically
 But you bought emotionally and everybody buys emotionally, okay?
 So we had to figure out when you're telling your stories you're selling your team your family your business your church
 Whatever thing you're trying to sell to people you have to get rid of the techno babble
 Tell them the story that gave you the epiphany and if you do that
 In the right way they'll have the same epiphany you did and then they'll follow you
 That's the that's the key
 Okay, so that's what I want to share with you guys because I know that every one of you guys in your sphere of influence are
 Inspiring you're persuading you're influencing people and if you understand these core principles some of these basic things about like how every other mass movement's been happening
 Like now that you know the pattern it's not hard to replicate it and to amplify inside of what you're doing
 Instead of inside of your sphere of influence
 We understand this like quit trying to convince people with all this techno babble share your story
 The story is what moves people what's motivates people, okay?
 That's that's the magic. That's how you persuade people to get them to do what you need to do so you can change their lives
 Okay, and I believe honestly like the reason why I'm here today outside of my father-in-law asking me and he's awesome
 The reason why I'm here though is because I honestly believe every single person has something inside of them, right?
 How many guys honestly believe you can change the world?
 Okay, half of you guys believe it. I believe for everyone of you guys. I've seen it
 I've seen it so many times I can share with you with thousand stories
 If we had three days, I would do it story after story after story people who weren't super amazing they weren't
 Extra ordinary okay. Kaitlin was five foot one sixty pounds overweight. She's not super like extraordinary
 Yet, but when she found her voice when she found her message me she's gonna learn how to tell stories
 Hope over a hundred thousand women now
 Okay, she's changed each of their worlds
 That's what we can all do with with uh with our with our messages and what we do with that side of our sphere of influence
 So things you have some of that me be here. I appreciate it. You get so much and uh, yeah
 I
 Would you like to see behind the scenes of what we're actually doing each day to grow our company if so then go subscribe to our free behind the scenes
 Reality tv show at ww.fennelhacker.tv
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
